relationships were really bad trend over
2017 because they all end pi what's up
Gucci how is it hanging dogs 2017 is
coming to an end
Prince Prince a lot and a lot of stuff
happened in 2017 for example there was a
lot of water
Jake Paul was born and I discovered fake
eyelashes
the hideous aren't there out well today
kids I'm gonna take you through some of
2017 as much traumatic events things are
just generally happened in the world and
things that happened in my life which
made me want to die with a special twist
so stay tuned it's about to get real
messy I wish I had tea right and I just
wanna build a team messy is like slowly
becoming my brand and I don't know how I
feel about it leave a like on this video
if I should bring messy camera into 2018
why am I so sarcastic today I guess I
have to get all that my system before
like any me before I start if you
haven't subscribed to my channel please
do so I don't really have that much to
offer but I provide cringy relatable
content on an almost daily basis so if
you want to die already I can make you
wanna die some more I know all of the
words to care sighs dish tracks and
Logan Paul is my boyfriend don't
fact-check that and leave a comment down
below and let me know what the worst
thing that happened to you in 2017 was
because I want to feel better about
myself I always say this but you guys
are also funnier than that either be but
anyway let's go and get this ear over a
dumb word new year new me I can hear the
basic bitches already but in a desperate
attempt to maybe actually make some
friends in 2018 I'm gonna try and fit in
with them I can't do this ow
nothing's changed and I'm gonna try
doing that by creating a whole new me by
spilling some tea on my face tea about
this year not like actual tea on my face
that's hot I'm gonna spill some
metaphorical tea just all over my face
I've heard it's good for your skin
I don't know I'm talking about I don't
know how to explain this I'm just gonna
do it okay please just keep watching it
kara why are you in the makeup station
you may be wondering well kids I asked
you guys on Twitter what you thought the
worst trends of 2017 was and honesty you
gave me some pretty dead ones none of
them were particularly interesting so I
decided to take some of yours come up
with some of my own and then make
little bit more creative because you
said the most boring things I'm gonna
take the worst trends of 2017 and things
I hate meanwhile spilling some fat he
put it on my face a new trend now 99.99%
of you said you hated the way the
eyebrows thing I agree I wouldn't say it
was like a trend per se because I didn't
actually see anyone outside doing it
however just looking at it make me
uncomfortable like just the thought of
eyebrows bending just makes me feel
weird you've got to give the people what
they want to let lets ruin my actually
kind of nice eyebrows oh my god how am I
gonna do this
I've no idea okay good stock here what
the Frick am i doing something tells me
that this didn't work let's try a
different technique can understand why
is it working I guess you do actually
have to be a makeup artist to do this
stuff because uh there's no way I gained
I mean I tried okay that's trying a
better job on your horn I guess a
slightly better bomb I mean I'm
improving
in fact just make perfect kids never
give up on your dream anyone can be
someone oh yeah oh my god I look so good
I would go out like this my new name is
Susan Makai brows and these are my
eyebrows this is how I want to enter
2018 next and off you said in 2017 the
worst trend was Donald Trump I kind of
stopped caring about politics because it
made me kind of nervous and anxious all
the time but as an inhabitant of the
Internet the means were very repetitive
I get it he's orange so you know what
I'm gonna do
imma make myself orange and try and not
have an asthma attack Wow he's not going
how I thought we would wanted to be done
was this gonna sell my face forever um
yeah honestly I look just like him I
wonder who like does if they'd know like
how funny would it be just being like
the president's like royal faith have it
you comment you get your settle but you
probably a little ten in the White House
and just spray down Donald Trump with
job on how much I get paid what I want
to do it okay getting more insecure but
a second next you guys inevitably said
Jake Paul my face is burning if you're
allergic to this how did Jake will get
most of his views this year oh hell yeah
all the boys are gonna be looking at me
Chris month litmus and then I'm gonna
time to give myself some with ginger
curly hair oh yeah what a hairline I
think hating on Jake Paul should be a
trend that dies in 2018 like he's super
rich he doesn't care what you think okay
next a locum poor Logan boards probably
the biggest thing that happened on the
internet this year the biggest thing
that happened I will this to an
effeminate it was it was great it was
obviously an experience and to be fair
this is a comfiest article of clothing I
have it's just so soft feeling I'd like
him honestly I hope he stays but anyway
how are we gonna incorporate Logan into
this look oh yeah I'm gonna do green
eyeshadow because guess what screen his
social base literally the whole year
help me help you help and then just add
to the realism of this I've put on a
little bit of weight so oh yeah Logan
Paul hit me up the grind makes you fat
okay let's give myself time to you boys
well I got a bit choppy I mean I can't
remember if this was 2016 or not but a
lot of you guys said the hundred layers
challenge and well there's a whole
hundred layers of insecurity right here
so uh that was easy time I hated side
videos III hate actually I've never
watched a slime video appear Lea because
I just don't understand how that can
count as entertainment so you know what
I caught some slime right here I'm gonna
go make it up I put it on my face
somehow I have no idea how here's a wild
sink oh wow
I'm gonna incorporate some slime into
the sink and then I'm going to
incorporate some design onto my face
yeah cause it's really dirty
um I've no idea how this works and how
are you
creature would high so fat for your bank
it's not living in the house change it
up by cars in Europe how you gonna
support guy who probably sent the n-word
I'm gone my not class I feel like the
flash okay this isn't yeah okay it's bra
it out okay um it's now we're gonna take
the fun have no idea anything let us now
the instruction set to sprinkle in so
wait wait this isn't this is just the
sake this isn't a hop off oh my gosh
what do I do I don't know what to start
with these toothbrushes this okay that's
fine this isn't mine doesn't seem too
slimy how all these PG channels do this
I don't get it it seems hard gooey if I
don't like that it feels like yeah we're
not gonna say what that feels like
that's just fellow bit more treat slimy
yeah let's just do the whole thing this
is never for a whole bar above is this
big at same consistory yeah this is a
small thing and the world of sink so
okay it's just yeah yeah I mean it's
definitely slime should I just go for it
oh my I guess it doesn't need starring
and the Frick how we're gonna get
ourselves in get Wow logic only a fool
would be more slimy that's so disgusting
just the worst thing I've ever felt in
my life I kind of like it
oh my gosh such a freak okay let's take
some of this upstairs with me mother
don't look in the bathroom okay great
now I have my slime in my hand I'm gonna
use it as lipstick oh my god I hate that
I'm so glad I'm not a PG channel I'd
have more money but like money isn't
worth it okay you can't say I didn't try
that's maybe it's just like highlight or
something I don't know I feel like
that's something the beauty gurus would
have done oh yeah that's beautiful
okay well okay next trend I didn't like
this is one of my personal ones
um avocados I hate avocados they're
canceled next people keep all just
existing was a pretty bad trend this
year so um they are handled um
relationships were really bad
trend of 2017 because they all land they
go lovers and real kids
next the space mean I hated it honestly
I hated it so
okay this has been a super weird year
hopefully next year will be more weird
and will embrace me with open arms you
haven't subscribed to my channel I'm
pretty sure I haven't makes you want to
subscribe but honestly do it let's go
into new year great I could be more
thankful honestly this year for
everything you guys have done for me you
can't take me seriously when I look like
this
oh my god okay yeah I'm really grateful
for just everything thanks for being
here thanks for subscribing you want to
see you're changing my life in such an
amazing way I'm always gonna like be
here for you and something cringy
whatever can you even hear me I don't
think so okay cool
I'm gonna say I love you for the first
time ever and probably for the last time
and we're gonna leave that in 2017 to so
I'll never mind bye
you
