hi what's up was Gucci how's it hanging
the year 2017 is about to come to an end
and honestly good your boy has
accomplished a lot this very long
painful year a lot of things have gone
down a lot of friendships have been made
a lot of friendships have been destroyed
and now I'm here to be honest my youtube
channel was the only thing that matters
to me in whole entire world I don't
really care about people or things as
long as I've got a bit of clout I'm just
kidding oh my god I'm not like I am
whether I am so happy that there is just
a growing girl of you guys it makes me
really happy to see so many people just
enjoy me do nothing I mean for good at
this or people are just laughing at me
evil way it feeds my ego says here that
subscribe button down below
Jordan the Bridgette spinners a half
burps and half said that oh my gosh you
know what I apologize if my hair looks
like this I've come to terms with the
fact that I'm after what I do to my hair
it just doesn't really look good ever
I might just cut it all off 10,000 likes
no cut all my hair off
that was weird that's got nothing to do
with this video I thought I would take a
trip down memory lane which is either
gonna depress me heavily or make me
happy - all of these things are over and
revisit my snapchat memories I've never
looked back in my snapchat memories you
know what I have no clue what's gonna be
in there I'm a little bit worried I
think I'm not sure like anyway it's it's
gonna be fun this is not gonna be fun
let's go ooh
we have some very cringy selfies this is
the very first one I have back here hey
there hmm okay oh my gosh I thought this
selfie was so cute at the time when I
took it I look like a fish doughnut Loki
look like one of those fish from Finding
Nemo though honestly Oh oh my gosh she
was back before anyone told me that my
forehead was too big
I actually remember editing this from
now it was one of my really odd story
times about how I period it everywhere
and I was really embarrassing when don't
know period everyone oh such a fat mood
search of fat mood I used to take
pictures and save it in my snapchat
memories of my like coordinates of where
I'd like hidden something called
Minecraft if you played minecraft your
energy but yeah that's how easy remember
like
where are you still alive my diamonds oh
my god hi my virginity what this is me
and one of my like not YouTube friends
we go way back and I guess we felt like
being hoes that day because I was
literally 15 I wish someone had shocked
me honestly why was I trying so hard
shrunk the yellow bra does in fact go
way back honestly a lot of people have
questions about my yellow bra this one
and that's just clear something up I do
have other bras like I have this nothing
does for me what this one does I have so
many other brands like this is like a
Calvin Klein one this was like this was
dollar okay nothing can reach a standard
that this bra does for now it's saying
so oh my gosh this is so gross I don't
know if you've ever broken a bone but
when they like put the whole cast on
your and everything lose a bunch of
weight because you can't move that body
part so it's like that body parts just
like skin that's what my leg looked like
when I broke it cuz I had to cast on my
whole leg oh my gosh it's literally so
disgusting this is me and a dog this is
me somehow showcasing to the world that
I in fact do not clean anything this is
a video of when I first learnt how to
walk again
I feel like I should make a video about
this this actually makes me kind of
emotional what that this is me being
free this is me before I got back this
is me when I thought I wanted to go
blonde and ruined my life this is me
back now is actually pretty this is my
dog my this is my dog hating the world
you can follow his Instagram here this
is me when I began to fully embody being
free professionally so I wrote on school
trips Canada's skiing back in April and
at one point all of my friends really
annoyed me that I was staying in my room
with so I went and locked myself in the
bathroom and we're this out I'm sure you
can see what it is if not you're too
young go home in the bath with all of
their soap and toothbrushes and makeup
and they weren't happy about that but
that that's my way of revenge here is a
picture I took of Canada while I was in
Canada and started to think wow it
doesn't look like the pictures of Canada
this looks like a third-world country
this is the last picture ever taken when
I was still a never mind this is a video
of me trying to be trendy because I'm
not happy if the way I look managed this
is me in my
true form this is me when I first
discovered what highlighter was and
didn't like it this is one of the
funniest jokes I've ever made
hey Ben yeah write yourself out of ten
no you're an eight Ben
do you get it
this was me the night before GCSE
results stay padding on how I was gonna
make my money and this is me taking life
for granted and being disappointed by my
above average results this is me being
home this is me being a ho for the
ground this is me when things got a
little bit too rough one day and I
decided to drown my sorrows with four
percent alcohol side of all this is me
when I felt like I had nothing else to
offer the world this is me meeting one
of you guys oh this is me being
inappropriate anything for snapchat this
is what I look like after wearing heels
every single time yeah I still do it so
I took this photo to remind myself of
the agonizing pain this is me realizing
that I'm harmless playful it isn't that
one of many folks look like me and Jacob
this is a picture of me being at school
wanting to die this is a video of me
being very impressed by something the
first night I'd met never mind this is
uh I had to be in a bikini for something
and I hadn't been in bikini for like ten
years so I was sending nudes pretty much
to Milly ask whoever I should be
insecure or Not Another oh this is um
commies birthday and it was also his
like celebratory hitting 200k slash
birthday party and he hit 200k and then
on hit 200k and then hit it again until
eight when we go congrats on 200k for me
and this was one night we went out
really late in London and like it was
dark and us all people watched it was
really sweet
I kind of missed that what No
that's it you know what I don't know how
much fun you guys have watching this but
for me it was nice to reflect and all
the things like hated I'm kind of liked
about this year this has been a really
wow year for me I've mind has literally
gone from being in one place to being in
a complete other place and it's so
chewkey I'm really shook to my very core
I just thank you for sticking around
liking me I tried to be the authentic
review and make you guys like me and if
you want to follow my social medias you
can we just hit a hundred count
Instagram I look you want to hit 200k
now so like go and follow me there grab
now if you have a minute before then do
some commenting in my King and what is
it 10,000 likes I'll cut all my hair off
or something like that um have a great
day
tell your mum I love her yep okay why
