hi welcome to my annual I've never done
this before what I got for Christmas
video yeah before I get into it yeah I
know you don't care a lot of you guys
said that you wanted this not really
sure why I don't particularly enjoy
watching other people enjoy things I
can't have but there you go enjoy this
just to make it a tad more depressing
this year for Christmas my mother was
the only person who got me something
okay it's not even like I can use it I
don't have friends excuse anymore
because I have legitimate friendships
with people now if you see anything that
I got and think wow I wish I was you I'm
jealous you want just remember I don't
mean that much to anyone apart from my
mother but on a real note
Christmas is about Jesus and whatever I
wish a myself in the face I'm just gonna
survived another year didn't think I'd
make it this far honestly the best
Christmas present I could have ever got
it's we just hit a quarter of a million
subscribers very strange to me when I
first like this channel my goal was to
like alright I'll just be happy if like
a couple of thousand views on each video
and now it's growing at a rate that it's
never grown up before and very very
shook but very happy thank you so much
so Christmas happened which means my
limited edition but sadly went away
however I still got this so if you feel
like plugging me in the New Year
there's my link buy that yeah let's get
started let's start with something fun
this this is the most feminine like oh
my god that's so cute present I've ever
gotten in my whole life actually all of
these gifts are extremely feminine and
cute which is strange because I usually
like getting just weird stuff anyway
this bracelet in here I genuinely wanted
this for a solid year like it's more
like hella expensive or anything it was
just never available because it is
literally so cute and I break the box
great I'm not really a jewelry person I
have this one ring it's just there like
it's not like oh my god look at me it's
just like that everyone like it's super
injuries like I don't even have my ears
pierced people always have like 10,000
ear piercings and then there's like
Urban Outfitters range of like wolves on
and like moons and like oh my god I'm so
indie look I wear my star sign on my
finger I want really into that I think
it's kind of trashy every now and then I
come across a piece of jewelry and I'm
like that
cute it's very very subtle it's not moon
look at me decked out the next
Soundcloud rapper it's very sweet look
at it it's gold it's glittery look at it
it shines I really liked shiny things
I'm like a magpie I get attracted to
things when they sparkle and look at
that sparkle oh yeah oh my gosh the next
thing I was quite excited about this I
made a video a few weeks ago of me
trying false eyelashes on for a day for
the first time ever I hated it so I use
a lot of mascara as you can see I've
been quite nicely blessed in the eyelash
department which is great thanks Jesus
Merry Christmas happy birthday so I get
through a lot and i religiously use
these ones just because I think they're
great they don't cost much money because
something hurts me on the inside when
people pay like 40 pounds from SCARA
like for a little bit of black ink that
goes in your eyelashes where you could
get something for a pound that does the
exact same thing and it's not even like
you're buying it for like a brand it's
not like a Gucci teacher that's exactly
the same as at my match but with Gucci
written on it it's gonna actually like a
lot of stuff like you don't know what
brand is by looking at someone's eyelash
you can't select eyelashes anyway I'm
just going on right these are wait what
brand are they rim out extra Frede lash
and there's two of them and I have one
that I'm using right now I've literally
gone through about 10,000 of them
because this just winds it really does
so come on Russia's took oh yeah Oh am i
doing oh my gosh okay so the next thing
she got me with socks it's like a thing
in my house that my socks just go away
they go missing there's definitely girls
here they like to steal my socks but
it's like especially trainer socks like
white ones like this they just go
missing all the time
I only ever have one of them I just
don't have that many socks like I'll if
you have one pair of socks that like
match like oh my gosh these are sick
should I try the matcha to try on whole
I'm investing and Yeezy is very soon I'm
not a height beast but I tried the month
of the first time and I've never felt
comfort like it and I'll probably wear
them in bed so I feel like these will
compliment them very well the big little
look they glitter
oh my God look what I can do how crazy
is that anyway and to match these do you
got me best
zests a very I'm wearing clothes but I'm
not look at you the color of my skin
like I'm basically naked if I wear this
black on a nude one and a white one I
like to do this thing where I just like
don't wear clothes and
apparently that's unacceptable in a
formal setting eg my house yeah I have
to wear those matching socks apparently
sigh okay the next thing she got me this
smells amazing it's a box from lush also
what a subjective lush you know how all
the workers there have like really weird
hair and stuff questionable I guess is a
good word enjoying my favorite ever bath
balm which is a Dragon's egg one after
how positive like loads of glitter
inside because I like things that make
mess I was just sitting there enjoying
it I like to play with the bath bomb I
just like to inspect and touch it and
just like oh my god because I'm five
years old and I can't just let things do
that job without interference a bit and
I find a hair in it and so I tweeted it
lush and so yeah that makes me feel kind
of disgusting because I don't know about
you but if you've been here for a long
time you know that I don't like jams I
don't like other people's body fluids on
a body plastic hair that's just I had a
bath to feel pain I ended up feeling
like I'd caught herpes I'm not very
happy about that I hope you respond to
my tweet soon that's one good thing
about being a social-media influencer
it's with brandon noise you they get
back to you extra fast my mother's been
great to me this Christmas so I like to
give back to her sometimes sometimes
Saints breathe they mess up her food
order and they like don't bring on milk
and something or like the cheese like
gets a bit moldy so to give back I like
to treat Sainsbury's on behalf of her
and they get back really fast and always
give us lay pipes and discounts and like
ham or something like that anyway I'm
one event but subscribe so I have more
power and can get more discounts on
dairy products in this little box this
is really cool it's a cinnamon stick oh
my god that's amazing cinnamon is pretty
much like my favorite flavour of
anything and it has lots of little look
yeah it just smells a bit are very nice
and it jingles she always everywhere is
my birthday or Christmas gets me one of
these giant large gift boxes without a
cell it's like a tradition now I feel
like she's telling me that I need to
clean this is the I don't know what it's
called
so this bath bomb is it's very nice
Mouse or I don't know nice watch it wow
that's gonna give me a rash okay the
next thing is oh you use that one I have
hair and ooh this one's pink
oh it's shiny torture it smells of
flowers I feel like everything that
stinks smells of flowers this one's
green
that's crazy at large can you keep put
me on your PR list just don't four hairs
in my products anymore and I've been
really great ooh what's this
oh my god it's fun it's two extra-large
size oh my gosh it's so many different
color but I'm gonna have so much fun do
you get it because it's called far away
yeah moving on this is very shiny it has
a lot of glitter on it I like a mule is
not swatching omegle why I was watching
oh my gosh oh this is a mini version of
that one yeah I feel like everything
there's orange in the world smells and
mangoes ooh that's the Wonder smells
with blueberries
this is oily this isn't like barf on
texture and I feel like that supposed to
be like good for your skin or something
I don't know wow it's a pyramid I'm
gonna feel so cultured when I'm barfing
with this why go to Egypt who you could
just get in your bath nice there's a
milk bottle looks kind of boring smells
kind of boring but it's probably not
gonna give me a rash so that's always
great
oh my god this one has a stick it's a
flamingo I don't know what it smells
like I hope it doesn't smell it for me
no because I have heard they poop a lot
you know what I didn't hear that I just
assumed a poop because animals people I
don't know okay wow that didn't taste
like it smell and when I was like a kid
didn't understand the world of using
things to make your skin feel better or
something like that I don't know I used
to walk past lush and they think it was
a food shop and like their face masks
and I would literally wanted slim arias
I don't know what this is okay this
one's green oh I just want us to
honestly made about Mikado's I don't
really like the way I Mikado's taste but
I like the way they make skin so and the
last one it's noon yeah I'm a simple
being like just buy me some bath bomb it
will entertain me for hours like you
just see her and sniff them all yeah I
do this thing where I like have a bath
and then I like stand there for two
hours I had a bath earlier and I watched
a whole of Twilight and then I cried
because I remember Twilight's over again
there's two more things left what was
surely a kid she got me some
straighteners as you can tell I used
them kind of but then got bored halfway
through said my head looks like this she
has the same trainers as this I think
he's just new because she was like
wondering like me and have the same type
of hair and I always hear comments from
you guys asking why I never brush my
hair I do brush my hair
it's just curly and when I brush it it
just explodes like this I feel like
you make a video on us so I was away
from home for like a month and I didn't
have any straightness or anything so I
just had to deal with my natural curly
hair everyone hated it I used to say on
video it's like literally I'm never
gonna show you my knot for hair it's
just so gross as its you know point and
then I show you because I have no choice
and everyone hates it and now we have my
own so you don't have to deal with me
being ugly yeah they're very good
barrier and make sounds to look like
crocodiles very happy about that
honestly okay next this is something
quite like a lot she caught me a purse
to put the money that I don't have in
and the credit cards that I always lose
it let me take on a story so I went to
Canada in April and it was on like a
school trip you know when that was the
thing I bought a thousand dollars in
cash I'm not a spoiled child however my
parents aren't together so if any of
yous parents aren't together you know
growing up that sometimes you would get
double of things when I was like hey I'm
growing on school trip can I have some
money I would get money can't replace
not having a stable family life it's
getting deep so I was like I'm a ball
out in Canada I don't do that very often
so I had $1,000 in cash
I went shopping one day over the course
of the whole week I spent about 400 and
I could really see anything I really
wanted to buy so I had about five $600
left kept inside my purse my favorite
purse in the whole entire world that my
friend got for me that so I get home and
find that I have lost my purse $600 in
it I cry a little bit I was mostly sad
that I lost that purse they stopped
selling yeah she finally got me a new
one I haven't had one for since April
literally shoved my money in my bra I
went through a concert I had some money
with me and I put it in my bra and I had
like a coin shaped bruise under my
breasts my small breasts for a number of
weeks so there's that but now now I have
a purse it's very feminine not my usual
style this is what I like about it it's
wipeable
I also have a pink bag from gasps and it
matches that why I wrapped up the label
that strange so yeah that was it that
was all of the things that I got for
Christmas look at me being humble thanks
to my mother for being my only friend I
appreciate that a lot I appreciate you
guys a lot Merry Christmas from you to
me by you hitting the subscribe button
down below liking this video and leaving
a comment tis the season I can't leave
her just on this video because
you don't care okay goodbye
