I have something to tell you aunt is
something I did wrong that I need to
confess great time so that bitch Paco so
I'm sorry in the pitch black because I
am a professional daily vulgar but these
organs that people Morgan anyway so I'm
just looking right here in the dark
because you know I'm great youtuber
great intro Keira oh we're getting into
my slightly - I don't know how to handle
this equipment that's all day like oh my
gosh okay so me in the mix we're already
kind of late we're going out we're about
to a wrong way we're going home we're
about to go out for some dinner at some
place in this foreign land that we are
in right now and we're already kind of
late the meek is more than we make as
mom's its male friend are waiting down
there for us so we're here in a lift
have I ever told you that I'm like
really sensitive this one always does
weird stuff like there's always people
standing on that side looking like bang
it while we're in here it doesn't just
like banging up against the door oh my
god take me on a high beast outfit tour
yeah we have the users and it's make
living prefect there we are so low these
are due to genes they are Versace pants
you know this is a very fancy hotel
I'm sorry I hate confrontation
oh my I don't like that there is no fool
and I'm Superman they're gonna be
brilliant doctor icing again it's really
fun this is really great professional
yeah we don't talk about that so I've
been having to get in the middle seat of
the taxis for like a little while now
running across all right that's
dangerous oh no kids but it doesn't make
that much sense because usually a small
this person goes in the middle seat but
what kind of a big way it's like an
o-ring I'm the smallest person anymore
mom has more sauce than you okay I guess
I am the smallest person
I made your channel and you call
yourself a queen everyone knows she's
just salty on the way you've got most of
the camera so she's something hang you
know you know if this is the prank guys
with the balloons I already told her to
prank me with high bit later bit of a
darker mood later um well I have
something to tell you and this isn't
really something I would want to post
but you know I post I post everything
about my life that ups the downs and I
don't try and ever make myself seem like
a perfect person I'll show you guys my
bad plots too and this is something that
this is something I did wrong that I
need to confess involves Morgan's so I'm
gonna I'm gonna go and get him now and
I'm gonna take him outside and we can
talk about this and the main reason I'm
like telling you guys is because I kind
of want your input as well like maybe
some of you have been through something
like this before maybe you'll understand
it's just really hard for me okay that's
good
hey it's kind of serious I kinda need to
talk to you yeah no please it's like
genuinely something good but I need to
talk to you about can you come outside
come outside yeah we need to talk I just
wanna come sit outside it's like fresh
air you know like Russia
yeah just know it like seriously come
outside it really don't want joke about
this I just want to be outside so we're
not like trapped in a house together
when I tell you so they're gonna be kind
of angry about this so like can you come
on this might be the end or something
this is a rather extravagant setup for a
serious thing I wonder what serious
things you might say it requires a big
camera I'm wondering why you sets the
camera it's gonna make you angry and
it's like really common that you
ardently hit me yeah it's a really good
milk my father this is actually really
serious it's like it's relationship so
yes
pretty much because my brake system new
week something that we wasn't like
serious or anything but we were a little
bit gas yes we were
I propose you to buy every day it was
like a swipe party and the other kids
beyond agree of smart
to say I read I might that's why I'm
telling you because I do it like no man
hold it back anymore swamped party
I don't do not need serious
everything at this one the swamp
you kissed a guy three times a swamp
what was its track the chief Tony was
Shrek Shrek what Shrek
yeah I'm really sorry Cuba Gaylord
oh come on give me love either come on
baby come on come on come on baby
so how'd you feel are you upset
I'm absolutely I upset losing justify I
am absolutely who before well but I did
I'm disgusted in you okay well loses big
greener Huns whether this skin you just
have a lot of things that you don't have
a mate if you haven't seen me before see
and you want to subscribe my channel
feel free to click that button and
subscribe to me yeah prankster now yeah
get a like button and comment down below
- what more pranks you'd like me to do
or makes right here oh no no no no no no
no sticky your G that's on my altar bye
