hi so you know what I don't understand I
pretty much have like the most popular
arakata website on the Internet hey so
you have something on your face huh
they're like under ten I do that aside
you you're always trying to show you
like that's an era you know what you can
find it yourself
but more than that when people turn to
me and say promise me if I go and have
another one you stop me because honestly
do you mean that because I take duty of
care very seriously no I think I gave
myself a paper cut what you need
mouth-to-mouth
I don't need mouth what's doing so I
will go there maybe just one more put
the biscuit down I said put it down
and the really annoying thing is when I
do try and stop people this happens you
told me to tell you to stop if you
trying to have another one so are about
great you offered me Authority and then
you shat on me anyway it's like one of
those fake offerings of power like when
this happens all right let me know if I
told you this story before but he was
bang you have told me this story before
and I can't stop you because that's rude
I can't be all the cat you've actually
told me this oh but don't tell you that
Bonnie I know think about that and that
little bastard would see yep you told me
that in the days you've told me
everything about your life by now that
I've acted out those scenes maybe
screaming is just the way I should solve
things drown out the opposing voices
sent the serial killer great sorry I
shouldn't say scary things cuz that I
think about them all night I think
someone's in the house
I hope they don't use my Wi-Fi the
passwords really easy it really is
although my theory is that people won't
guess it if it's really obvious right
is it zero zero zero zero yeah but hey
next time I try and make a really simple
password make sure you stop me but see
going back to that the thing is I
usually just let them do whatever I just
have one more whatever but then you have
to deal with
why are you let me eat so much oh I told
you not to let me eat any more but I'm
gonna do roundhouse kick you in the head
although I do worry because sometimes I
think this might happen
Oh No now I'm melting I told you not to
let me eat you know melting away why did
you let me eat in all the music oh no no
I'm still melting I'm still doing it
would take quicker than this no yeah
unfortunately don't think that scenario
is ever gonna happen which is really sad
because it'd be really cool but yeah
anyway let me know how do you deal with
the don't let this scenario do you avoid
all responsibility and let them do
whatever I do stamp down on Authority
like that that's me that's symbolism
that means stab down on Authority please
don't make that a Jif
stop making gifts of me people keep
sending them through speaking of gifs by
the way my mum has recently started
learning how to make gifs it's great
maybe next you'll learn how to party
like it's 1999
where is she learning this stuff anyway
let me know and I will see you guys soon
by the way next time don't let me leave
such a big gap in between videos you get
it I just made a joke about my own video
okay it's funny music flash comment time
and mash tomorrow I am actually very
honored thank you I hope switching over
to watch a short asian girl with pimples
was completely worth it for you I don't
know if they do make their own hours I
have seen limb is a rotten anethe wait
and didn't seem to be that keen on her
work freedom
and who else has been watching walking
dead guys I have been stopped taking on
canned goods
I am so paranoid now does that show and
yes it really was the biggest thing I
had to tell you and to be honest I don't
know when the next thing is because that
might have been it knowing my life
