happy birthday hi can you believe it
guys it's been six years six years of
this where's now I'm sorry totally count
for plurals that's total what
daddy what are you wearing
god I wish I was talking to someone
right now Hey hi sorry give me all your
money money I just borrow my hat from a
rich friend the person that's here I
have here we should be friends
the man paper man cards being rejected
sorry your card has been rejected
apparently when you sit on a couch and
money falls out of your pocket it's no
longer yours
oh you drunk Donna mine what the hell
boy you don't know $2 mine oh oh oh
wouldn't it be nice to have it all right
now and after all those years I just
gave you a montage of videos I've
already made not true I also made your
montage of videos I never made yes like
when you get super happy because you get
the biggest chip in the packet this is
the biggest chip in the packet you're
not breathing through your nose I didn't
see how you hold your breath for one
hour miss fine I thought you said I had
to let bribe go to the party ah what you
believing me all of a sudden you didn't
believe me when I told you I was nice to
a golden biscuits in the fridge Philip
came bringing up my left arm towards my
chest oh my god yes I think it's called
incompetent nanny ages
some kind of hot condition this why that
sounds series we should get nice in here
Natalie oh my god she was holding a
breast I'm bored only boring people get
bored do you know that cuz you're boring
it's not over and it's still not over
because that's how the notebook goes but
yeah thank you guys so much for watching
community channel for the past six years
I've had so much fun making the videos I
hope you had just as much fun watching
them you probably haven't but I hope you
don't hurt when you watch them but yeah
I know people usually celebrated a round
number like a five or a ten but I forgot
last you know I don't know if I'll make
it to ten so here we go thank you guys
so much
season six episode one will be up in two
days and I will see you guys then bye
