hi so I know my friends don't find me
that funny they do let us have letters
dog but one of the things that hurts my
feelings is when i crack a joke and a
friend responds with that's funny is it
then why aren't you laughing why just
say it's funny if you don't think it's
funny cuz I can tell when you find
things funny oh my stop barfing I don't
and over back you know it's that thing
when people unenthusiastically say what
they think you want to hear well that's
interesting
that's scary that's unattractive and so
obvious they don't feel that way because
as if unattractive maybe I know but
seriously you can tell me I can handle
the truth mmm it's a bit sweet when
you're unenthusiastically say that's
hilarious it hurts it hurts us both but
yeah I don't know and it makes me feel
kind of pathetic you know like you're
throwing me a token gesture to make me
feel better
sometimes L teeth grow badly because I
read that they don't just say just say
no oh well let me know if you guys know
I'm talking about or let me know if you
are guilty of it see I like to do
another thing I like to do the silent
laugh followed by the inhale if I'm not
quite sure
see how convincing is that much better
than that's funny it hurts it cuts deep
although now I think about it I've never
heard you guys laugh never heard anyone
laugh maybe I should stop making videos
but I'd also like to let you know when I
did that glass bottle scene glass went
everywhere I had to spend the next 30
minutes vacuuming and I hate vacuuming
that's how much I love you because I
love you I will see y'all in four days
bye okay it's porn music / comment time
and black moon that's often my fears
while I look into people's eyes and I
notice how many of you said that you
don't lie at all that's a load of crap
and yes it seems many of you dug this
soap opera man remind me to tell you one
day why I bought that week it was for a
video I made about the nanny do I look
like mr. Sheffield I hope so
well Robert to answer your question mate
both I'll take whatever you give me
though I'll take it all
