hi so sometimes I'll I believe she
called me a beer no that's crazy maybe
it's cuz she's but one of the things
I've never understood is when someone
tries to figure out if you're lying by
saying this look me in the eyes and tell
me you're not lying okay
I'm not lying all right well anyway so
we were wait what are you serious cuz
this isn't some soap opera where people
are really obvious with feelings
turn around you look me in the eye and
you tell me you don't love me anymore
Janet Robert I don't I can't
okay I can't because it's not true don't
worry you're in love me and this isn't
some movie where people actually have
shifty eyes look me in the eyes and tell
me was an accident just as I thought
this is real life baby I can look you in
the eyes and tell you anything I'm not a
woman I can even lie I am a woman and
looking you in the eyes and I lie not a
problem I can lie to you from here I can
lie to you from here from here although
to be fair this whole look me in the eye
technique must exist because there are
people out there who crack under
pressure are you sure you safe this it
doesn't look like you say okay I didn't
save it I didn't save it and I killed
your cat I knew it and you know I kind
of do think the people who demand you
look at them fancy themselves as
investigators or something they possess
that much skill in truth detection so
you tell me that you don't watch The
Bachelor no I don't watch The Bachelor
look me in the eyes and tell me you
don't watch that show
no I what the hell that's right feeling
the pressure now huh I'm asking you a
question
do you watch The Bachelor look me in the
eyes and tell me I've done
what I'm for you choose to my remember
I'll be here to tell I've been doing
this for four months okay I watch it I
watch it and I really hope that Chelsea
wins Rose Chelsea Mary get that room
one more thing how do you even avoid eye
contact got me in the eye and I don't
know I did eyes your nominee Kim I think
you're lying
Harry I don't know but let me know are
you the kind of person who cracks under
pressure or you super cool like me
that's the second time in a row that
I've used words super cool in a video
though now I think about it I think
really super cool people don't use words
like super cool anyway speaking of super
cool people though I did manage to bump
into these lovely folk a very long time
ago speaking of which I know I bumped
into so many people and you've sent in
photos in the past few months I have
misplaced them unfortunately so if you
resend them I'll pop them in the next
video I apologize about that and yeah
otherwise leave me a comment don't
forget to thumb me and I will see you
guys in four days bye
you see I looked them straight in the
eye when I saw Stephen for days where I
seen for days okay it's porno music /
comment time and I have no idea why but
I didn't think of the word brush even
though it rhymes or boorish but I'm glad
to know you all have good vocab it's
beautiful and Sarah that's hilarious I
hate letting people my pens as well I
always panic about not getting the back
and I get all are the bumper bump up the
end of it's very awkward and yes it's
true I have the best subscribers in the
world so thrilled you guys could band
together on this and my hairs are moldy
that's just the worst news I've heard
all week I wash them I promise all my
hairs
