hi so I'm slightly paranoid was this the
card you're looking for
yes which but I'm fairly certain that
when I throw something out at home my
mum goes for my trashcan he collects it
because quite often I turned to her and
think oh man being a hobo again mum stop
being a hobo
what is it oh that's the shirt I threw
in the bin last night no it's me see I
don't know when it happened but at some
point my bin became a portal to my bum
I can throw anything out and she'll find
it and all these sunglasses and ages
come in what up
and I've had discussions with her about
this do you need money but I think it's
just some kind of motherly instinct it's
like how whenever I eat meat me throw
away a bone a part of my brain can hear
my mum saying this the meat on that
though to be fair there's also another
part of my brain that's saying look one
day Google sir pull up some wine some
cheese I don't know where that came from
though you know what to be fair I do
feel bad because I waste a lot of things
and I noticed recently cuz of my
birthday last week but I noticed I've
become a tight-ass with wrapping paper
you know when that happens
now just rip it open why you being so
precious with the gift wrap I like to
take my time opening up presents it's
thoughtful not really I just want to
save this way
what are you ever going to need the
wrapping paper for again your friend is
very lucky had it not been for neatly
folded well preserved wrapping paper in
her front pocket the bullet definitely
would have hit her alright yeah do you
guys have the same awkward thing when
your mum goes through your trash see I
try and confront her about it but then
she just makes me feel bad and says
that's how she found me damn
you're the onliest baby I've ever seen
I call you
true story I wish I could bombard you
with glamorous stories about where I've
been for the past 3-4 months but the
best I can think of is I got a chest
infection
doctor I don't know why but my boob
really hurts when I breathe
you have a lung infection that'd make
more sense
I got this I think which is very
attractive and I found this tuft of hair
which is for no reason shorter than the
rest of my hair it's kind of weird I
feel like someone's been coming into my
room and cutting my hair at night I wish
they'd just touch me
but uh yeah what else has happened my
eyesight has been getting progressively
worse I just yes I got new glasses which
means that every day I am looking more
and more like somebody who spends too
much time in the Internet
though speaking of the internet I
reached a million subscribers today so
thank you so much to everybody out there
especially all the people who thought I
was poor and clicked on me and then
walked away that counts as of you yeah
no thank you so much has been awesome
thank you for saving my seats on the
youtubes even though I neglected you
someone called me an alcoholic father on
the YouTube comments which I liked no I
yeah I know it's alright thank you ah
I'm so excited I missed you guys let me
know you faint I will see you in four
days bye
okay it's funny music / comment time and
perm board it's not a proper bet if you
already know you're gonna win that's not
gambling that's fact and that's cool
Nick but you know what I thought about
you every day buddy every day 0:06 to
every day and if I told you guys how
much I missed you
baby I'm like nigga I will never betray
you never you hear that Nick never
