dude oh dude en tell me we're going on a
road trip what is that it's not what it
looks looks like a load of bullshit to
me is what it looks like I didn't want
you to fire your King me are you really
gonna do this to me after everything
that we have been through we have been
through some amazing times we had bad
times - that's it more like a really fun
flashback yeah that was mainly a fun
time I'm serious we had so many fights
she doesn't take five minutes to go to
you why is it always my responsibility
go boy
draw - I'm I hate suppose I'll tell him
- huh your fuck so yeah the log on the
shoulder it is I've got a GPS some of
the other exciting news that happened to
me the past three weeks since we've lost
spoken include I held my breath for a
minute tang which is a new personal
record and this term the shower for two
minutes of conditioner in my hand like
the bottle says but honestly I also got
the flu pretty badly Jamie good excuse
though - appliqu√©d I'm lovable why are
you speaking in another language loss
subject to loss person must romantic
goes and thus here we are three weeks
late so usually when I'm three weeks
late I panic like nothing else that I
remember you have to have sex to
actually be pardoned
so that's very very the water speaking
your pregnancy I do amazing things with
an iron so to cook the bacon I recommend
that you turn off the steam and have it
on cotton setting because we all know
that cotton is Latin for bacon you can
hear the bacon cooking or as I like to
call it the danger rising the people
next door get really freaked out when
they hear this one and just to confuse
them ah voila
they're gone yeah iron chef and despite
that big of really corny joke is a play
on words and a pop-culture reference oh
no Gozen see you can have so much fun on
the Internet's no it was a really really
fun videos mate probably also huge
safety hazard if you check it out it's
up online and planets YouTube page if
you do so by clicking here or in the
link in the description below also I'm
going to be doing some more trouble
videos soon and some really fun stuff so
please keep following me online
opponents YouTube and Facebook I will
also be updating the YouTube blog much
more bravely now back to normal I
apologize about the lapse I just have a
really bad immune system but yes if you
could do me a huge favor until we next
meet on the Internet if you could let me
know it's free of the highlights in your
past three weeks and leave them in the
comments so I can read them and live
vicariously through your life coz what
else is the internet for porn
you
