hi so one of the things I love about
staying in hotels are the signs they
have fatale usage I love how it's like a
secret language or codes it's like I put
the towel up on the hook it means I'll
use it again putting the bathtub it
means I want another one I mean how
awesome would it be if real life worked
by at our code not what's going on oh
man I reckon your coffee machines broken
what the hell yeah I know right how much
it's just fabulous are you're naked
you're you're just not not wearing
anything oh it's nice to see you dude
why are you not wearing anything no well
uh you folded the towel I see him put it
on the chair we all know what that means
we do you want to get it on with Natalie
oh I don't want to do anything you would
have brought with you you're thick in
the head
disgusting you're perverted I wouldn't
do what well you put the towel on the
table means I get to take you from
behind but hey I tend to read into
things a little bit too much already
oh hey nah you're sure a KitKat did you
say a KitKat yeah I got a KitKat King
sighs are you sure you want to share a
king-sized KitKat with me yeah I don't
see why not
look at these packages they've changed I
haven't had one of these in ages just so
you know I mean I'm all up for this but
I have to be at work at 5:00 and then I
get arrested and then I appeal and then
my appeal gets denied but hey the law
don't stop me from nothing not even
double negatives no that's a lie I get
scared about everything
hey net here we're good orange juice
legs be better drink it quickly because
it expires in two days two days yeah I
live life on the edge
that was a pop color no color pop
whatever it is no I don't know I say I
like the idea of tau codes it's
interesting you know you just do
something with a towel and somebody
understands let me know if you guys
could have your own secret code towel
thing happening what would it involve
I like having secret languages myself
Allah Allah CC Tellis editor Elite Lee
okay boo the only problem is that they
don't understand so it usually goes down
like this Ilia tanta
senator leo you I don't know if that's
some Lord of the Rings bullshit that
you've learned but I don't know if you
guys get me though right ah burger yeah
that was all very dirty don't worry
about it
yeah I've been hanging towers lately on
a cruise trip it's been very interesting
I've been in very extremist activities
and hang out with a rocking party crowd
and if you'd like to find out more about
my time on the cruise ship you should
check out the Learning Planet page I've
linked in the description you can watch
the new video read the blog and see the
pictures in the meantime let me know
what would your towel code involve cause
my Talco with you we involve it dropping
it that wasn't hot for anyone I'm sorry
about that but yeah let me know don't
forget to thumb me and I will see you
guys in a couple of days bye
okay it's funny music / comment time and
I test yeah I had to practice catching
candy see it was with my hand I'm not
used to that usually I just breathe in
and the candy comes to me and majorly
Alexa I don't blame your friends nobody
normally eats bananas they're the best
you don't have to chew and Matt this
comment really confuses me why do you
think of me whenever an Asian woman
walks into a restaurant is it only at
restaurants do I strike them as a
restaurant person and more importantly
how often are you in restaurants
watching Asian women walk in I don't
know you sound sauce
