my new nice baby hi so I'm not very good
with children
it's doing something it's doing
something take it day and recently when
my sister was pregnant I was really
surprised at how I acted when she was
deciding on names we're actually
thinking of a couple of names and we're
thinking we might name her Katherine
like cat nope you cannot call her that
they'll call her fat cat what all the
kids they'll be like hey CAC you're such
a fatty cat fat cat cat and then she'll
cry and stuff and then they'll be like
oh look cats crying cuz she's a scaredy
cat
okay you got very into that I didn't
like that side of you bullying isn't fun
what about Betty No the kids will be
like hey Betty Betty spaghetti
don't forget does all your bullying
involve rhyming pretty much but then I
spent the entire afternoon trying to
combat names with possible bullying
scenarios Mel smelly Melly grace more
like disgrace Penelope Penelope man okay
yeah that one's pretty good put that on
the list I go on and yes it was
concerning how easily bullying a child
seemed to come to me but yeah I was
strangely weirdly obsessed with how you
know this kid might get bullied and a
one hand it sucks to be bullied because
of your name but on the other hand I
kept having to remind myself after a
certain age people kind of stopped doing
and we're very excited that you've
decided to join us
this is Judy who you'll be working with
rudy' Judy excuse me Judy is so Rudy and
she's Grady
Oh No
and then I did that thing where I
wouldn't let my sister name the baby
anything that reminded me of somebody I
didn't like well we're actually also
thinking about and neek know what's
wrong with an ich there was a girl at
school coordinator she had a weird
haircut No yes okay or Claire absolutely
not there was a casual where I worked
her name was Claire should my parking
spot one day so rude so because of a
girl at work who took your parking spot
once we can't call her Claire yeah no if
you named her Claire every time I would
look at her I would think about this
Claire it's like oh sorry Claire what
you think is so good Claire don't worry
about anyone else Claire and then I've
got me thinking how interestingly
peculiar do we act when we're involved
in the naming process I mean if someone
introduced me to a baby I wouldn't be
all and this is baby Charlotte Oh
Charlotte I went to primary school with
a girl named Charlotte she was so mean
to me she knew I liked Alan she kissed
him anyway it's like well sorry
Charlotte you think you're so good
Charlotte don't worry about anyone right
Charlotte I know you kissed him behind
the canteen no but the thing is I know I
get really caught up in what people are
going to name their babies but the
reality is Phoebe which is the beautiful
name that your parents named you in the
end no matter what they were going to
call you you are always going to be
awesome you were always going to be born
into a family who loves you tremendously
you were always going to have an older
sister who's hilarious and smart and so
much fun to be around and having all the
sisters is really cool trust me I know
because I had one who's your mother
who's a great mother buys way and you
know you're then think a name doesn't
define anyone their Instagram page does
I'm only joking you won't get that joke
because Instagram won't be around when
you're an adult yeah
hopefully robots will and hopefully
you'll buy your auntie a robot right
please have robots when you're over but
no welcome to the world welcome to our
family we're so glad that you're around
we can't wait to spend more time with
you and if anyone picks on you you tell
me ina can have been a lot don't show
them that that was very weak tell them
it's all lower body strength Oh No is it
a sleep or is a day is it breathing
hello oi oi oi why is it crying now
