hi so you know it's frustrating
untangling cords why there's so many
knots huh cuz yeah but more than that
when a friend comes up and asks
something like peanut you know how do
you Oh die I got it
how do you want adora I got it but how
do you want I got it
hey not what was that song it used to oh
sorry I got it what was this sounds cool
I got it I know songs seriously quit
using me as a thinking out loud device
it's like using me as a mirror except
that I get to do this you look really
pretty today I think from now and I'm
just gonna start doing this hey now
what's the word with watch Goodall I was
actually gonna ask what the word for
bush Goodall hey NAT what was the name
of that place we went to ambush Goodall
but then again I'm a big believer in if
you just keep saying it again eventually
it will be right snap that's not a pear
sorry snap that's not a pear either yeah
I'm smooth like that that's why I get
all the ladies speaking of ladies by the
way can I do a big shout to TC Carla
thank you for putting me on your list
this year
the only other list I've been on that
Penelope Cruz is also one of people who
have hair and even then I got
disqualified it's a long story
this is very generous of you so thank
you for that and also during my travels
I managed to stop over at Egypt where I
hung out with the Pharaohs and saw some
of the most impressive wonders of the
ancient world if you'd like to find out
more about my time in Egypt you should
check out the Lonely Planet link I've
put in the description you can watch the
new video read the blog and see the
pictures there and don't worry I got
this for you guys so I'm in front of one
of the seven wonders of the world now
you're in front of two yeah if my visas
for country start getting denied I've
only got my guns to blame I'm surprised
they let these babies through customs
anyway surprise I just made that joke
surprised you're still here anyhow don't
forget to thumb me let me know if you're
one of those people who come and go
without letting other people answer and
I will see you guys in a couple of days
bye okay it's porno music / comment time
and yes males plays the violin I used to
think my camera was a bad
until I realized that was just the way
my face fell terrible they and cracker
Touche it's like her only befriend
people who a week every time I breathe
me and I inhale what's left of their
remaining strength and I received
thousands of comments like these now I
am not missing a tooth I have a crooked
tooth but thank you all of you for
bringing up something that I got bullied
over for years at school that's missing
a teeth she's a gap to his break should
I go
