hi see what I find weird when somebody
introduces you to a pet and they say
something like she's so cute what's her
name
blinding blinding what does that mean um
basically she's just blind
she can't see a thing look watch this
ready hey bloody blondie bloody bitch
didn't see a thing
how do people always give their pets at
stranger literal names sometimes it's
cruel it's like if you did this she
doesn't see your things sometimes I just
go oh my god she just sits there it's
crazy
I'll leave me come in Limpy this is my
son Limpy sniffy blimps all the time
come here boy come on that's the boy as
the lymph going today dude looks like
he's always walking down the aisle hey
buddy where's your sister where's your
sister uh disabled disabled
she's so disabled honestly it makes me
kind of sad I always meet people who
name their pet something that they think
is really cute but is kind of cruel for
example I had these friends ones and
they have a three-legged cat and they
named a tripod I did that laughs you do
when something is bad but funny what dad
just died oh but then again I named my
pets after characters from The Sopranos
in West Wing I don't know if that's any
less psychotic president bartlet come
here boy president don't sniff yeah my
parents called me disappointment amongst
many other names most of which were
cruel now let me know did you ever name
your pets anything that you thought was
cute but might be cruel in hindsight
otherwise if your parents had to give
you a literal name what do you think
would be let me know I'd be very keen to
find out in the meanwhile don't forget
to thumb me and remember to tune in for
days so I can see you then bye okay it's
funny music slash comment time and I
have to admit I never got into Pokemon
at school I said that once in my agent
status was removed immediately and
la 8 9 8 8 I have to give you points for
your lying key preference I often stand
in front of like landscapes and say
someday son this will over yours and
nobody Amagansett and thanks man that
makes a lot I probably lost weight on my
arms while doing bench presses over your
mark yeah glad we just go back to
Seattle
