hi so you know what freaks me out I'm
gonna take it yeah I'm gonna take it
No gotcha nose itchy nose nah but more
than that I'm gonna eat it oh no no no
it's surprisingly even more than that
when I'm watching a movie and I see the
phrase based on a true story
because even though it says based on all
they see is a true story it says true
story based on based on it's kind of
like how I always believed stories my
friends tell me get this and then he
comes up to me he's like your friend
Natalie yeah she's really hot can I have
her number
my god really No fuck I don't know why I
just like to believe things can you tell
me no please no please no come on please
okay yeah sure
really no farts oh I love doing that
thing where I obsess over how the movie
was true how every single thing was true
I can't believe that that happened
that's so crazy one of the chat I don't
think that part was true
it said true story it said based on a
true story do you guys do the same thing
because then I spend ages on Google
trying to find out what parts were true
only to be really disappointed cuz it's
always very little and then I get
distracted and I google Matt people's
houses like I'm God but I probably
shouldn't reveal all the things I do on
the internet under Facebook Oh Robert is
single Schwing it gets pretty wild
online one thing leads to another and
then I send a friend request on MSN no
as I mentioned in my previous video I've
started my world trip and I started it
in the mouths eyes hi some in the mail
lives at the moment it's pretty shit so
if you want to find out more about the
crazy resort trend I have discovered in
between snorkeling and pretending to
drink alcohol
oh my god you should head over to Lonely
Planet page I've linked in the
description you can also find my photos
and read my blog there as well in the
meantime don't forget to thumb me tell
me which true story freaks you out and I
will see you in four days sorry because
I forgot in the last video double ban
okay it's porno music / comment time and
three two one boom the only thing
stopping me from many acts of passion is
the law and danger zone I'm gonna have
to read your comment cuz I thought it
was great
once I was donating blood and they were
checking my iron level saying that I was
above average I joked to the nurse well
I guess I have to give blood huh or else
I'd have too much and she gives me a
serious look and was like no my peoples
such a killjoy
oh and jellying believe me I trust you
for some reason when someone tells me to
trust them I suspect them of everything
