hi did I ever tell you guys about the
time my audition for Toy Story 3 yeah
Matt the director and everything could I
be in it in what in the movie yeah um no
right maybe that was somebody else yeah
no I told you I talked to you guys about
Toy Story no soon I am really excited
about it I was on Japan soon but I just
got back from a trip from Canada I was
invited to speak at a conference in
Toronto called idea city and I remember
to ask somebody to film this conference
so I don't know if you're interested but
here's a couple of minutes from the talk
stay tuned though because I'll be back
later playing a little bit sorry I'm a
little bit upset by I've been put in the
larger speakers not only of this
conference but in this particular
section because you just put me out to
child prodigy I don't mean to complain
that it's kind of like being the fruit
and emboss main table you know it's like
it's hard to impress no everyone's just
passed the pancakes
24 and I've got unfinished degrees now
unlike many of the really amazing people
we've had the pleasure of listening to
for the past three days
what I do is amazingly ostensibly
useless and I plainly say suffer some
syndrome given her a little bit
different of people in direct feeding we
turn to the Internet it's good like that
this results in an other set of problems
though
I'm that tragic twenty-year-old every
parent disease their child will become I
sit in my parents basement with an
internet connection and webcam
you don't even water over my future
prospects I guess to explain a little
bit more I'll show you the videos of
some of the stuff that were online and
then I'll talk about later
hi it's not the present so do you
think about it in the news it's always a
jump in the morning if I body here in
the rest of the body was found the open
explained he was discovered by a passive
joke here just passing through
let's have a look then the six-week
search for while living pine is over his
body will just this morning
yet to be identified was discovered this
part this morning job well
directions in person is who that usually
goes down like this I'll walk up to
something I'll be like hey sorry you
tell me the way to Peter the street
she'll say if you just keep going
straight down straight you can get
George's
once you get George's take a left and
then you get a lavender now once you go
down Lebanon are you going to keep going
into and how many directions you're
going to give me you don't need to know
like they tell you streets you don't
want to go down don't take that language
I like to call up measuring tapes I'm an
idiot technique
no really and there are various
money control out there
the Jedi monsters out there they're in
the yes really imagine
the absolute is has a way to group of
really angry factory workers you win the
lottery
why doesn't go down like this working
from the factory I make videos about
things that I noticed in life is awkward
moments I play all the parts and I
upload them onto YouTube which pretty
much puts me the same rank if you know
laughing babies and then excels as a boy
when people say she's a YouTube's like
there was a really big ugly moron but
anyway I put them up on YouTube and I
hope that people can relate to them and
you may be thinking that was really
weird
well I blame these people these people
my parents and this is been with my
sister 1981 I guess they left you bigger
gaps between us
but my parents and my sister are the
funniest people I know they came to
Australia in 1981 in Vietnam and I read
a lot of books so I see love
documentaries about people who talk
about being in a family that in you to a
country and they talk about the trauma
they talk about some strategies and the
experience one of them we never talk
about funny it is I mean when your
parents different data means his parents
it's hilarious I mean I don't know if
you guys have ever watched a love scene
in a movie with your parents but I'm
telling you you watch it with a bunch of
conservative parents
it's a form of torture at all but my
veterans basically brought to my
attention that awkward moment you feel
you know when you're watching the love
scene with somebody angle and the only
thing you do is just talk about anything
else exactly what's happening on screen
so to where don't like this you can't
believe it's happening
I was just a cultural thing when I
remember watching your love sing with a
friend the other day and I realized that
awkwardness transcends culture so that
was a nice thing but I always thought it
was a cultural thing but again a lot to
do with it for example like today I saw
Matt he was walking down the street and
he did restricted movement yes kind of
need and it's hot outside today we were
inside but you went outside so it was
really Pleasant hot he did look at the
business like he did one of these and I
noticed something about him I thought if
I had any other parents in the world I
wouldn't know what your deal was I would
just think he was some really sweating
weird man but I shared it to make sure
you can see you can see him and I was
like um your parents it makes you a
thank you can you travel as well my
parents maybe notice oldest really
strange stuff and I'm really grateful
for it because it's you know their
moments like a chair for example my
mother is learning English at the moment
and I'm really proud of us
but one of the classes is computer class
she'd be like not they've been showing
us around the keyboard it's been good
but sometimes I look at the keyboard and
I think why do you exist right for
cuyahoga think you know sorry
hi I'm insert Ivan being used in nine
months
every time someone presses me
disappear
sometimes people use me when they're
typing and then they go to press the a
with a pinky and the mass doesn't hit me
and they just kick toss me that really
classy than they notice they kick me
like
my parents always brings my attention
the little things like this and I took
the stuff that I try and share against
it and so I'm going to have this little
bit of a fangirl moment here and say I
heart the internet because it likes to
do all this kind of sharing and I mean
I've had people who write to me about
their own pockets that they've noticed
and it's really great I get video
responses from all over the world and I
mean if they get a bit of a bad rap
sometimes and I'm not going to lie I
think I can say to say I see a really
bad side of into it as well yeah I
received my email VP ever will I receive
I do I received more threats than
antivirus off but when you hit porn site
you would not even believe and I mean as
silly as it sounds it being a goal on
the internet who talks is really hard
you know so many of my hips get
dismissed by mainstream media by friends
who I thought were going to be really
supportive you know you see all their
 banned but you know it easy for
your urination go I mean guys in
basements watching jeez you know a year
ago interviews
time for you to get noticed I mean I'm
going to say that that's wrong because
if you look at the top subscriber news
you're only three girls the rest of all
men and I think that people forget and I
mean I know there's 70% of the people
who watch me a young women they're girls
from the age of 12 up 28 to 25 and if
you just took the tiniest amount of
video responses or comments or email
email they send me you'd realize
women are really funny and I think
people just forget this and it's a
little bit upsetting this conferences
been so Pro female that I thought it'd
be a good place to to say it because I
mean women has to be funny we pretend to
like each other every single sorry I
don't have anything revolutionary to say
and I don't have any ideas that hasn't
already been turned into motion how can
I look good while exercising while
watching TV and yesterday Jones I kind
of already took away my holster does in
Detroit condoms and the audience but she
just had a whole pocketful and I've got
like two
I think saving
I thought I was a laborer with this you
know life is fun the world's population
is hilarious and women make up a huge
part of that population and I'm glad
that we live in a time we can share all
about thank you
Peaks are kind enough to let me meet Lee
Unkrich she was the director of Toy
Story 3 about that that was um my mom
medalist it's totally fine really I
think I know it's don't worry about it
sorry they can we just have you look at
the camera please yeah you really
shouldn't worry about it it's not wrong
might have been pretty awkward boy
blowing Memphis action shots the humans
are coming it's fine totally
well I guess I should interview now
probably okay um so you are the director
of Toy Story yeah and you've done Toy
Story 3 that's pretty exciting yeah yeah
we're we're really proud of the film and
it's fun but I'm sorry I didn't actually
prepare an interview and I kind of
already told my mom that you had given
me a pod
would you could do chain could I be in
it in what in the movie yeah
um
No okay um could you just add my name to
the credits
uh it's Tom Hanks
okay um could you just could I just take
you saying that I'm in it for my mom
just that you're in the movie yeah I'll
go get my camera
I haven't had to talk about this for
months and it's been killing me but in
January I got to see Toy Story 3 and is
amazing it's it's it's old Pixar if that
makes any sense to anybody it's really
fantastic and ah you have to see it see
it and then tell me how awesome it was
and thank me for recommending it was
really good um yeah for me I'm gonna
light Y story to was it was good wasn't
as good as the first but Toy Story 3 was
was great with bed in Toy Story 2 it was
really really good um and I'm gonna see
it in the city tomorrow so if you're
around the city I'll see you then and
I'm sorry I'm still jet-lagged so I'm
gonna go because I'm sorry this video is
be incredibly long it's a vlog vlog
isn't it it's like just sitting in front
of the webcam talking imma let
you go yeah sorry because I know
streaming video is expensive especially
when I haven't taken my clothes off ah
Jade yes don't all girls sound like
they're smiling when they're upset it's
a comforting thought and that pirate
joke is the worst I've heard in a long
time
although the cat joke was hard to get
because unless you were really bad in
French I don't think you'd be able to
get it and yes why are there stars
it's how I speak my self-esteem drops
every time you guys leave a comment
