hi so I respect women why is that line
the woman's bathroom always so long
that's really offensive and because of
that I'm a little bit offended by how
female characters and romantic comedies
always have mundane office jobs in which
they don't actually do any work Karen
come here but I don't think this is a
real office place but are you talking
like how do we sell we work for one of
the top design firms in the city but
what do we sell yeah
no dial tone
the computers they're not even plugged
in the appointments Diaries there's
nothing in them I think that when extras
in a movie said you see oh my god now I
think about it I've never ever seen him
do any work in fact I thought he looked
familiar
I think I saw you on CSI last night this
office it's not real yeah I feel
terrible for fictional female characters
it's like I always feel terrible for the
host of children's shows missus son
puppet where yeah he's over here now no
and yet I was one of those kids that
participated it always confused me as
she couldn't hear me through the screen
so I helped confuse me that kids and TV
shows only sit in classes that last
about 30 seconds yeah yeah the party's
night yeah
Oh mad flashbacks when I used to watch
Dawson's Creek intros I fancy you can
see says you what shows like Gossip Girl
where there at parties and exclusive
events and doing drugs and deciding who
to bang yet Dawson's Creek was wholesome
fun there were only four of them or
something and they lived in a country
town and Joey had to run a
bed-and-breakfast and also wanted to
make a crappy movie was really exciting
it's kind of my life job what did I come
in here for yeah
living life through fictitious
characters for the wind came in here
what would you come in here for it's
gone the guys that I'm talking about did
you ever have that showing you really
wanted to be a part of their world when
I was a kid I wanted to be a part of
press-gang and Mary spike a couple of
years ago it would have been the West
Wing I went to Mary Josh or studio 60
and now I want to be part of the office
of Mary Dwight yeah am i but seriously
singing theme songs is the closest I
ever get to hanging around with friends
okay it's pointing music / comment
timing yeah I like this dogs are drama
of softness I imagine in the same way
that cartoon ducks are an indicator of
how clean your bathroom is and it's a
ShamWow commercial real because that's
really foul if they're suggesting that
you can drink stuff off the floor and I
don't trust people who like you trust
Krazy Glue keepin this fish like glass
didn't realize that like the glass you
can speed the business they gave on oh
my god buddy you say yeah forget
