hi so I know a pretty negative person
why do you only work on some surfaces
long I would love to know the origin of
some of the tests using commercials
because really since when did falling
silk signify smoothness was we then of
course there's the everlasting lip color
with the hand science at its best and
then my all-time favorite the tying the
hair in the knot test I'd love to meet
the stoner who comes up with this stuff
and you know I mean it's all pretty
self-explanatory shit hey I do
experiments like at least twice I think
they use me cuz I'm cheap and you know
when they say things like proved by our
scientists I've always wondered
do you think those guys feel kind of
inferior to their colleagues yeah yeah
we're still trying to work on some
vaccinations that are cheap enough to
send around to kids in Africa what are
you up to these days um shampoo
shininess just to see if the hair is any
shinier and more lustrous more volume I
don't know I always feel sorry for them
it's like everyone else is doing real
work it's like how I felt at school how
you girls going just keep writing your
essays you see that's great
Natalie what's what's this that's they
be really happy over here and this is
the even blood still use it sticks to be
class just out of curiosity how do these
things become the benchmark for a good
product it's like why is my vacuum
cleaner ever need to be able to pick up
a bowling ball why do I have a bowling
ball
why does my dog truly know the softness
of three ply toilet paper why am I
always spleen wine down the front of my
shirt why am i tying my hair in a knot
why is my sanitary product going anyway
need blue frakkin liquid I don't know
but yeah I don't even know why I'm
asking these questions just like is it
good so much better the different widows
of the cloth would be like you bright
well Natalie shouldn't feel like that
who's one day so any experiments of
struggle particular code of view or if
you can recall it in an experiment that
I've neglected to mention please remind
me because they do make me smile
I'm sorry forgotten to mention this so
many times I'm going to VidCon I'm
looking really forward to it so thank
you so much to John and Hank for
inviting me I can't wait to go if you
have John or Hank on your Twitter's or
Facebook's or and YouTube please say
thank you for inviting that my behalf
because I'm looking really fortunate I
hope to see as many of you as possible
and also just quickly in my video and
I'm sure I get it in this again I've
been getting a lot of comments about the
hair extensions I've been using just to
play different people like confidently
using hair extensions they don't look
well just like FYI
um that's cool they're not meant to look
real wasn't trying to be all born
identity it's just so you can tell when
I'm trying to do a dialogue with myself
you know because I'm see if you should
be making fun of anything it should be
the fact that I make videos on the
internet by myself that's lame you're
lame in the pants and the face your mum
