hi so I don't know about you guys but
every time I hold an umbrella I seem to
think that I'm in a musical and in my
head I really think that I look like
this
but in reality I probably look like this
yeah I'm smooth like that you can see me
in wicked but nice seriously the reason
I've been holding umbrellas everywhere
because I'm in San Francisco at the
moment and the weather its dismal I'm
very sad I'm leaving in two days so
that's yeah heartbreak but something I
got to do in San Francisco which was
really awesome let's go to one daikon
the panel Jerry Bruckheimer Jordan
Mechner John Hall Michael sorry I'm busy
in the end we did there's this one fight
at the towards the middle of the movie
that we shot at the ends with my brother
where he is and he has an axe and I'm
fighting him with my sword and a shield
that I have left and we really got
dangerous for that fight and there are a
few times where I think the act came so
close to my face
you know almost that I mean ever was
like oh hello so good bye Mitch try and
get close to Miranda Kerr but don't
really because I'm really insecure and
she's way hot hey um no Sorcerer's
Apprentice I've actually been really
excited about it we got to see a couple
of clips from our Nicolas Cage it looks
really funny in this film and you guys
know I'm a fan of all things Disney but
Toy Story 3 looks hilarious the Ken doll
if you haven't seen the trailers yet the
Kendall is actually I think one of the
best characters that they've ever done
so very excited about that this is a
geektastic video by the way um I'm gonna
go now because I bought $25 tickets to
go and see Kesha which is hilarious and
Jay Sean and someone who is it is yeah
he all I know is he sings the song what
song does he sing how does that go
sure is like a melody yeah that's
alright so I will see you guys soon and
yeah I'll see you want to get back to
Sydney bye
okay what I'm easy slash comment time
and yes I know what you mean I often
just fight you to the background I'm
that insignificant so I can serve as
many people as I like and I know I
actually really love the comics as much
as you don't believe me I have a great
time reading them I love Allah I steal
your jokes I hope that's okay and yes
that was good
maybe if you just unbutton one more
button we can start to sort things out
