hi I'm a creepy mofo and sometimes I
stare at people and the worst thing is
the lack of discipline I have when I get
caught crap bitch drinkin weird caught
me looking at her wail away don't look
back maybe just a check why she stopped
drinking without crap okay now she seen
you twice now you look a little bit
crazy just definitely the comparison
retreat abort mission
yeah I would like to say I'm not a freak
but I would be lying I occasionally
stare at people and get caught they
hypocritically if the tables are turned
I get annoyed if somebody's staring at
me i Chuck a Regina George and I'm all
like why are you so obsessed with me and
then it turns out that my nose is
bleeding or I've got a knife in my back
or something like that I'm awesome but
yeah do you guys know what I'm talking
about it's the game of when you've been
caught staring of the look look away
just look away for good
but I just want to check to make sure
they're not staring at me and then you
end up staring again yeah it's an
awesome game I have no self-discipline I
know I should just look away and just
wait but I can't it's probably why for
play with your mum never last that long
see you guys soon okay it's putting
music slash common time but I have
something really exciting to tell you
well not really exciting more kind of
mental um you don't have to hold
yourself out to be important meet slash
comment but by the way you just have to
show the bit of skin and yeah it was an
appetite love scene I got excited you
know the original avatar love scene was
made to be them fusing hair it was a
little bit too intense what are the
Asians like don't hold hands it's crazy
town and yes you did min bet me a
million bucks so I am actually in San
Francisco at the moment because Jake
Gyllenhaal is going to be at WonderCon
and I have contacts yo yeah Disney I'm
in I have a media pass I'm going to be
the same room as Jake Gyllenhaal so
Mitch you have to pay out guys leave a
comment telling Mitch he's screwed
