hi so apparently when you sit on a couch
and money falls out of your pocket it's
no longer yours
oh you dropped a dollar mine what the
hell why would your $90 mine when did
this become a thing what is this a
scavenger hunt hey hey don't be hatin
cuz I'm really how about you show a
little bit of dignity twenty Sears yeah
well you like a cash cow sit down again
I don't mind giving mates money it's
just that I feel that this is undeserved
you know no skills are required it
usually goes down like this you want a
dollar cash yeah but see that's
deserving that's skill I'll pay for that
ask your mom
but yeah I don't know since when did
this couches free parking stuff start
you and those people let me know and if
you are shame on you I'm not your parent
go get your pocket money elsewhere geez
anyway I hope you guys have a lovely
weekend I'll see you in two days
bye okay it sporting music / common time
and yeah that's because I often crack
jokes that I think are gonna be funny
but in hindsight they're not funny at
all in fact it's kind of like all of my
videos a good example of that actually
relating to this comment is I used to
work in a store and this guy came in and
the sense of things went off it was
really obvious he hadn't stolen anything
because there was nowhere for him to
steal thinks he's just wearing a single
in shorts and I screamed out see stop
him and there's no one else in the shop
but he didn't laugh yeah I am hilarious
and yeah it's not just not just me buddy
you make I want to have tinting the
pants as well don't ever use that
translation thing again
