hi so I feel guilty quite easily I take
it again ready one two oh my god I'm so
sorry
you're just home just a wall sorry
you're not just a wall I know that
you're the foundation and the other day
I hopped into an elevator and I
accidentally pressed the wrong button
and the lady in it looked at me like I
had shot her dog made a coat out of it
and then wore that coat to her workplace
and ate her sandwich even though it has
a name on it and the problem of course
is that the pain doesn't just end there
then you have to arrive at the wrong
level and when you do it's like the
elevator gods want you to feel every
single second of it
sir I have a wrong level situation
another moron
you know what disable that closed door
button I wanted to feel every second I
don't think it's working yeah I think
the buttons broken how long do you want
me to disable it for when was the last
time you updated your Adobe sir I've
never updated no one knows you know what
hit update she can wait oh did you want
to catch the elevator good thing that we
stopped out no I'm actually going down
so I'll just wait oh okay cool let's
start reading this book
I can't believe we just watched all of
the lower rooms you know what you can
let it go and look to be fair it was my
fault
I press the wrong button and usually
when that happens I just pretend it's
the level I want and I get out this is
the level that I work at I this is the
right level for me but there's something
about pressing the wrong level button
that's kind of next level in terms of
anger how smooth was that but you know
what I'm saying right I can't believe as
an adult I get out on the wrong level
and make up some oaths alternate life
because I'm that scared it's just like
people can't forgive it's an
unforgivable sin which makes me think if
Heaven existed and you had to catch an
elevator to get up there and you press
the wrong button
it go down like this Oh No
I'm so excited what's heaven like it's
good we have really good Wi-Fi and the
buffet breakfast goes till 3:00 but I
don't know if you're going to be able to
experience that
why are you serious odd just once it's
just that we don't have very much space
and obviously I it was higher the level
it's it's the heaven button
come on you were so close
we don't have Wi-Fi down here and
because I don't whine enough about first
world shit what is the deal with
elevators why does the ground floor
system keep changing just press ground I
don't know which one ground is what do
you mean well there's like a zero and L
and s and a star try the star only
elevators can make up their own scale
you know where zero can be one or s can
be zero or G can be one or a star can
mean something it doesn't matter anyway
you always end up in a car park come on
what are you doing it's the car park
this is the level that we wanted to get
off the car park is the level that we
wanted we wanted this so remember kids
no matter what you do in life you're
going to end up in a car park that's an
@ slogan though now I think about it
also could be a killer slogan also could
be a threat so let's put that one on the
backburner I never talked about it again
but let me know in the comments below
have you ever pressed the wrong button
and then felt so bad that you got out
and pretended you belonged there please
let me know other people do this because
I told my friend and she thought this
was incredibly irrational she's like no
not other people have things to do like
I know you wear a tie you're in a
building you have coffee breaks
la-dee-da anyway let me know in the
comments below also I apologize I know
the past week has felt like three or
four it happens during the summer times
the days are very long I know I
apologize also I got some feedback that
my last videos the last few have been
particularly grouchy I hope when you say
that you mean the last 400 or so but
they have been I'm getting old I don't
know guys but I channeled my most
irrational my most irrational
thinking's into some really crude
drawings that kind of only last a few
seconds I was thinking about uploading
them in a very delightful under a
delightful series title of shut up but I
wanted to warn you about it
so that if you don't like the really
really really complaining that you're
like there's a different nap but if you
really don't like it you should avoid
those ones or if you guys think I should
just not upload them you like the
internet doesn't mean that please let me
know because I would like super warning
if if you're
and I hate those anyway I hope you're
really well and I will see you guys soon
in the carpark
that's it sounds like a threat okay it's
porno music / come in dime and you know
what you're right I don't think I can
withdraw five dollars I meant more that
I had withdrawn before there was
backstory and it guys I withdrawn I'd
spent money with my friends and then I
had five dollars change just you'll have
to take it on that and a couple of you
mentioned my Alanis Morissette taping
thank you I'm glad some of you know whom
Alanis Morissette is some of you didn't
she I was going to say she's like Avril
Lavigne but you probably don't know who
that is as well
she is like whatever fetus you listen to
now who is kind of grungy but not really
I don't know any was that's a bit
offensive Alanis Morissette was cool and
I like how much mango talk there was
last video mangoes are great they're a
big part of Australian summers you're
never gonna have a mango until you come
here and have one they're delightful
it's very sad that they're you know the
channel is getting old
when I ended talking about mangoes and
you guys just tell me the price of it
not mangoes are on sale
thanks guys it's cool I'm doing well are
you really though No
