hi I always answer without listening to
questions thanks you too
no wait sorry but you don't have a meal
you can you can have a meal you can you
can share some of mine if you'd like I
just I'm just mad a bit right now yes
thank you hey how is the training really
good thanks I've been good
you did not go yet really me to go come
on in come on in
yeah but that's up there nobody a drink
oh hey now okay don't want cool and do
you want to call Andrew and let him know
that we're gonna be about five minutes
late can do that as well as tops I don't
know do you guys do that I'm very guilty
of it it's the kind of awkward that
makes you want to shoot yourself in the
foot something else that makes me a
shoot myself in the foot is the fact
that I'm changing rooms at the moment
it's a little bit haphazard
if you have any suggestions for I should
put up on the back wall then let me know
I don't know if I should move the
penguin books over and so many of you
asked to Tessa was it's good to know
that you're watching my videos and that
you understand all the in jokes that I
have I'm not gonna explain that so suck
on that I'll see you guys in two days I
hope you had a lovely weekend bye okay
it's funny music / comment time and
sorry I thought I just do it sitting in
my empty room now because I'm sad like
that um ya know what's up with you guys
you guys don't use the handphone shoe
technology buffs and don't worry about
it I once shared my mum's skype and
every time she sees me with a photo of a
friend up on the computer now she
screams oh ma it's just it's just
Facebook ha ha yeah it's really good
like that and damn it knew that wouldn't
last gotta find something else to do
sock puppets some puppets always
entertaining people
