hi so it's buying stuff the other day
when your cards being rejected sorry
your card has been rejected and she
looked at me all I use the Pavo bitch
bitch got no money
and I really wanted to scream no I've
got so much money come back to my house
I've got so much money I'll give you
some but what came out was why am i that
must be a mistake I've deposited that
I'll I'll go home and check I'll come
back I'm always really intimidated by
sales stuff especially when I do things
like trying to sighs I can't bit in
bugger house outside
would you get in grab me a size bigger
than this sorry bitch is fat I think
it's because when I work retail I'm a
Megan bitch dirty what are you wearing
god I wish I was to open it so one right
now Hey hi sorry do you have the purple
dress in a size 12 oh no you didn't even
have a lucky you sure yeah could you
check for me maybe we don't have a size
12 for you you didn't even check the
system how could you you ignoring me
that's really awkward because I can see
you you're just ignoring but let me know
when you guys feel intimidated by sales
stuff you ever had it happen to you
although to be fair when the tables are
turned
you know people customers are really
defensive people I used to get people
who yell at me when I was just trying to
say hi but hi I'm just browsing okay
just asking or they'd be like don't
hover around me why are you following me
I'm not gonna buy anything I just wanna
have a look
be like cuz I'm Riley I've been working
here for eight hours you're the first
person who's coming in ages yeah no
sense of humor I was had this lady he
was like you just make nice to me you
have to say I look nice in the dress you
have to say that you work off Commission
do you work off Commission I was like no
I don't work off Commission lady I only
turn tricks for myself I work for no man
she didn't laugh but neither
funny anyway I would let you guys go
have a lovely weekend I will see you in
three days
bye okay it's funny busy sometimes
already doing this but I have to go for
a run my friends gonna come kick my ass
yes I love it when I get angry people
because they've wronged me in a dream I
do it all the time your girlfriend
saying you didn't come pick me up around
the station on the way to meet Woody
Allen he was gonna go and rescue the
world line in her I love that shit
and yeah you owe me both buddy no one
talks to me unless they recap in their
day I'm like wow Shai got outside and
yeah I let me know what this is like
I've always wanted to know what it's
like if you didn't wake up with the
shock factor of falling off the cliff
and you let me know I'm really jealous
what was your tummy symbol we can now
rub tummies BAM
