hi so you know it's weird spiderweb spy
work but more than that how people who
were interviewed for movie reviews
always right outside the scale OC note
what would you give the movie out of 10
out of 10 and 11 new scene stars I think
what happens is that people see the
camera they think BAM my time to shine
best film ever yeah 15 out of 10 oh
maybe at 12 12 out of 10 13 out of 10
but 13 that's not really in the people
can give it about an 11 out of 10 no
it's fine I don't need you anymore but
now I think that I'm really guilty of it
every time someone asked me a question I
answer um
No Deal though that's more for the
novelty factor although before that I
used to answer wasn't just good it was
hectic didn't even need to be good I
just like to use the word hectic you
don't get to use it as often as you
would think
ba let me know you a sensible person do
you work within the parameters do you a
one to ten person or you like me and the
movie review people a little bit crazy I
also do the thing right where someone
says you know right from one to ten I go
what's a five and then I go from there
as oh it's some kind of realistic
approach but yeah let me know because if
you're the kind of person who breaks
boundaries where you should give me a
call because I'm wild I'm hectic we can
do hectic things together like not
getting invited to parties watch DVD
extras twice put Mandarin slices up
against the light to see if there have
any seeds and yeah I'll see you guys in
two days I think yes
it's porno music slash comment time and
I thought this was hilarious because I
find all products whose solution is just
flip it the other way or do it at
another angle that's a perfect kind of
product in my books and Zumba is it
pronounceable but I always see
commercials for this if you have a
somber body please please let me know
because I would like to know if you can
achieve awesome ABS just by these fun
dance moves I would really like to know
and the H on the glass I got so many
questions about it it's just so that
morons don't run into glass because when
glass is clean
it's very confusing yeah and I liked
this comment a lot it reminded me of the
time I was scoffed at a commercial which
is one of those mechanical arm things
you know you do this the pull the
trigger and it collects scenes yeah I
wanted to change the channel but the
remote was too far away everything in my
life is too far away
