hi so I'm really excited cuz I'm going
to the states tomorrow so I've been
packing my things and every time I
travel people always try to offer me
things like this I got you this it'll
keep your money safe when you try yeah
and Sam one of these you put these
around your neck like this and then you
hide it in your clothes they can't get
the money if it's in your clothes look
if you just hide it right it close to
your body man ever noticed how everyone
thinks that some crazy motherfuckers
gonna come out and stab you for your
money so you have to hide it I mean
really ugly pouches underneath your
clothes don't give anything your pockets
nothing in your pockets at all man
because they will take it you know which
leads me to this
why don't we pack ugly things when we
travel you know things you don't even
wear at home it's like how I go overseas
for some reason it's alright for me to
tie things around my waist you know no
wonder you have to hide your money
criminals can probably spot to us from a
mile away they're the ones reaching
under their clothes to retrieve money
but yeah basically I've been packing
like I'm going to an island and I'm
never allowed to return do you guys do
it you always overcompensate you pack
everything that you own no kidding
if I were on the last island I would be
alright I'm just saying but ya know let
me know what it what are the things you
always pack on trips that you never use
cuz I always take books that I never end
up reading because I'm always having a
good time like not actually a good time
good time good time just a pleasant time
cuz I never get good time no I'm joking
yeah by the way quick thank you to Aaron
my facebook page and my um my Twitter
I've been having a lot of helpful
feedback I'm about to speak at eg which
is why I'm going over to the States and
I've been asking for advice and you guys
have been awesome so thank you I really
appreciate it and also quick shout to
these guys who are lovely enough to come
up and say hi and yes I do meet people
who aren't Asian thank you for always
bringing this up it's just that the
Asian people they send their photos in
yeah really I don't know what the other
people do they probably take my photo
and like stick it up the wall until
everyone that's their sponsor channels I
mean I don't know I do though it just
yeah you guys have any suggestions by
the way about California let me know
I'm so excited me so mature so you guys
don't even want to know I can't go out
clubbing and take drugs I've got work do
oh hi there I wasn't expecting you
it's porno music / comment time fur is
on the floor that is a horrible name to
name the toy that's like suggesting
something name they Tickle Me Elmo
Parkinson's and I hope to god that
nobody just laughing and yeah any tube
that's that's alright that's cute at
least it's not naming your toy proceeds
go to charity or something like that and
DJ you're ungrateful yeah all I ever
wanted as a child was a Brook
there were also rods what can I have one
yeah but um also it wasn't a meaty but I
don't like it when toys come with names
already it's like it's impeding when my
creativity as a child I don't appreciate
it and I really liked this comment I
thought it was very cute if you don't
want them to talk oh what you should do
is you should just do what I do your mum
roll it over onto its stomach and make
sure it's heads all up in the pillow you
get a couple of muffled sounds but you
can deal
