hi so you know what's frustrating
opening up new bags oh my god open just
just move it what I'm doing it just cut
it out I'm doing it it's not opening
just just kind of like just trying
should just carry canvas bags come on
money just kind of lick your fingers
what I'm not licking my fingers it's
disgusting you don't know my fingers
have been where have they been but more
than that when this happens okay so just
to confirm we're renewing your
subscription to you cats cats cats
magazine for another two years yes thank
you so much can I have your credit card
details Oh yep it's some nine three one
three mm-hmm yep four three two one
should I could yeah I'm waiting whoa
whoa whoa I was waiting for you because
I can read at lightning speed okay
then at six one four to five nights
right sorry sorry um can we just go back
well look who comes crawling back okay
got a kind of customer number yep it's
one one two eight yep four six seven oh
yes I'm here listen here you telephonic
tyrant
you can't just adopt the yep system and
then abandon ship
the yep system makes sense someone reads
a part of a sequence out the other
person says yep more sequence more yep
sequence yep sequence yep it makes sense
it's the law no there's no such law
anyway so because I don't have a life I
have a lot of time on my hands which
means I don't let things go well I don't
want to say yep every single time it's a
bit of a waste of everyone's time
well yeah but technically speaking even
answering a phone and saying something
little like hello hey Matt it's Beth how
is a waste of time because we all know
by now that once the phone stops ringing
somebody is answered right 99% chance
somebody's answered we don't see new
picking up a phone or um hello hello now
are you there yes what I'm waiting I'm
here up to sorry because you know the
other person at the end of the day wants
confirmation that I exist they want to
know that I'm on the other end of the
phone because they can't see me and
that's my point
when I can't hear you on the other end
of the phone I just assume oh she must
be one of those people who has a tough
time with numbers I know I'll see her
the numbers song a7 is an L that's
upside down by this stop stop you try
but really I mean come on there are only
two situations in which non angry pauses
on the phone are acceptable number one
you've been kidnapped the reference
number is 7-5 6-2 yep seven eight five
five four
sorry sorry I got it no time wastage 9 8
5 or situation number 2 there's a bit of
romantic tension you're about to say I
love you okay so the reference number is
7-5 6-2 yep
7 8 5 5 4
do you feel it too
so lately when people have been
abandoning the yep ship I get romantic
all up in their grill code ba 768 yep 9
8 CR I knew it I know it from the moment
I heard voice I wanted your love I'm
sorry
TR 5 5 6 yes yeah I'm not specifically
talking about people in call centers by
the way please don't think that I
experienced this weird pause with
colleagues family members friends all
the time it makes me want to place
curses on people's firstborns it's
highly irritating though now they say it
out loud I think I could probably be a
little bit more patient and nicely
people I can be a bit mean hello net hey
sorry the phone keeps cutting out us
nope no Hannah Hannah listen to me yep
I'm hanging up on you Hannah because
you're boring no one likes you Hannah
that's why no one answers your calls I
was only doing it to be nice your face
is probably doing this annoying boring
thing I hate you don't worry that was
just me I was just pretending to be a
friend isn't it uncomfortable when
people break walls I know you know
what's not uncomfortable though meeting
up with strangers touching them and
taking photos so thank you so much to
you guys for sending in these awesome
photos and for saying hi I'm sorry I'm
very behind with the photos thing I just
look at them and Stroke them no please
send them in again and send them in
don't just tag me so I can I can see
them and pretend I have real friends I
hope the stance of your 2016's have been
awesome and I also hope to see you soon
until then it's porno music / comment
damn and I'm very thrilled to hear so
many of you also decide
celebrate not celebrate new using and
yes a few of you picked up on my mistake
it was uh I said me either when it
should have been me neither
you know I do say a lot of other things
but thank you guys for ruining the fun
and look a lot of you asked what
original Doritos were I didn't want to
get your hopes up so high didn't expect
so many comments you're like what is
this tell me this man loads it's nothing
super exciting they're just corn chips
yeah
I recently turned vegan and a few of you
noticed my slow propaganda into the
videos that's cool I'll convert you in
seven hundred years time through my
subliminal food eating patterns that's
how it works right yeah worst advocate
ever
