hi so you know what I got to stop doing
I've gotta stop stalking people but more
than that I've got to stop pretending
that I can threaten them swig me man
Oh finally ever get you're doing stuff
like what you gonna do how do you even
want to know what I'm gonna do
yeah what is it track yeah I will what
are you gonna do track your what I will
pause I mean what was I gonna do
god I get scared when I can't buy lids
depends where they costed I had it here
witchcraft events just dude you don't
dry out not to mention I have every bad
G in the pool so what I can do is say
this you know what you don't even worth
it download that line from somebody who
said it to me as a child but the
difference is I think they probably
meant it you know what my time I'm not
worth it now you're you're in joke yeah
that's right walk away fucking you would
not I didn't say anything I don't know
you guys often make threads without any
promise of follow-through because I do
it all the time I really worry about the
day somebody expects me to do something
it's like I always used to threat my
mother that I'm run away
good now you're back I love it oh did he
yeah blah speaking of mothers though I
need to do a big shout-out to YouTube
user K 217 not because she's a mother
her link is in the sidebar but because
she sent me this awesome magnet your
mother rated E for Everyone Thank You
Kate I'm gonna put this on my fridge and
stick my participation award right
underneath it classy I know also due to
a big shout-out to these guys who I
bumped into and thank you for sending
your photos in now I will let you guys
enjoy your weekend so I'll see you guys
in three days three days so until then
be safe be well eat fruit and remember
if you don't know the answer it's always
C Tran huh what what are you gonna do
Tran you're what
was that fun to watch okay it's porno
music / comment time and yeah brave kid
night always got jealous when my parents
bought other kids presents I'm a shit
like that guitar tuner guitar tuner what
do you guys want from me I'm handicapped
by my accent leave me alone and spatty 9
1 8 that's hilarious you're really
really funny and had a joy hopes story
of my life and yeah you know dude I'm
pretty sure that 98% of people who click
my videos like damn that I thought this
was a hot girl damn it
