hi like the title yeah bet you do you
filthy bastards now I was wrapping
Christmas presents this week and I came
across the same dilemma I come across
all the time I want to keep the presents
man this is a nice skirt bit you know
this would look nicer on me that it
would look on Amy man if I keep this
good off the air another present damn my
good taste although I suppose I'm a
little bit better than those people who
give you presents that they actually
want for themselves
always rails Oh good touch you know I
always wanted a guitar tuner yeah I know
you're gonna have a guitar but maybe
it'd come in handy but you I have a
guitar why don't I bring it out yeah
better be great I'm only joking I'm
actually incredibly grateful gift
recipiency I'm not religious though so
we never celebrated Christmas when I was
child
now we honk honk why it is hard I know I
have this one and I kind of thought that
was the reason for years but then again
I fall for a lot of things
oh yeah legit man if your hand is bigger
than your face you get a higher IQ and
that's how I got this noise but yeah let
me know in the comments have you ever
received a present and you know that you
weren't the intended recipient otherwise
have you ever part of the present that
you became far too attached with in the
end yeah don't like those situations but
on situations I do like bumping into
lovely people quick shower to these guys
thank you so much for saying the photos
in and thank you for saying hi now I
will have a new video up in three days
three days and until then be safe be
well eat fruit and remember expiration
dates yeah they full of week okay it's
funny music / comment time and more e23
a - story of my life I always screw up
jokes I always say the punchline before
it's meant to be said and Alex 97 love
it buddy and ask - 3 - 3 dude I totally
Google idioms idioms and quotes quotes
make you sound smart I even I even say
the quote if it's not really relevant to
the conversation and yeah you know what
maybe it is a lot of fun and yeah you
you are like a poetic Sherlock Holmes
you are you're on that shit
