hi so I don't know if it's the morning
me but I have a tendency to repeat
things I hear other people say even if I
don't know what it means is what you get
that's because here we haven't seen
broken promises is 1988 can you but I
believe our government I mean it's not
like we haven't had a broken promise
since 1988 what happened in 1988 stuff
bags to the river just lots of bad stuff
yeah but what is that and you know it
works well with jokes too oh he says and
then she should have thought of that
before you started in he said conscience
it may be she's such a funny joke you're
a funny person maybe I know but today I
got caught out he says right so she says
I'm gonna go to this jerk with that yeah
yeah I should cross that one off my list
that one floats like the Hindenburg huh
that's good I'm sure that would have
went down like the Hindenburg I'm only
joking I try not to steal content for
videos although occasion I do receive
the the odd comments saying I have heard
this topic covered somewhere else before
you know I cover every day and really
Monday in subjects it's bound to happen
speaking of feedback though I did upset
a couple of my previous video with my
parting words I just want you guys to
know if I ever mentioned mothers animals
strangers fruit king shoes or anything
like that
I don't mean it I'm sorry if I offend
you but speaking up I've these guys
I was lovely to meet you thank you so
much for sending in your photos sorry
when I say those guys I meant I met them
it's just so much more fun with the
sense of beep you know so much fun yeah
so I'll have a new video up in three
days I will see you guys then until then
however have a wonderful weekend
be safe be well eat fruit and remember
if a stranger offers you candy follow
him because he probably knows where
there's a shitload more okay it's funny
music / comment time and laugh love
Laura yeah I do this all the time
although I never have anything else I'm
doing in 191 yes sometimes I open up
with a question to cover up the
that and Ellen x11 dude I hate the
question right things sometimes I just
type random things in there and say oops
sorry wrong box they come back
Jonas starts for life leave my rock
alone and that yet very funny thanks for
all the requests guys I'll see if I can
find a beard sorry that will only make
sense if you watch the last video and
even so probably not
