hi so you know you have a mate sleepover
and then you end up waking up before
them yeah that's awkward oh man I gotta
stop drooling
cuz I'm doing that while she's still
asleep oh is that what she looks like
when she's asleep
my don't watch her sleep that's creepy
NAT I wasn't watching it you were
watching her sleep alright just wait
till she wakes out wait no don't do that
that's like romantic or some shit like
that you know it's all mrs. awkward at
that moment where you talk just before
you fall asleep best film that we've
seen in ages yeah totally man hey we
should go and see the the sequel on
Tuesday when you got a day off do it you
know and people whisper in the dark and
stuff I don't know man it's just too
intimate for me it's like a tie my
friend watch me choke on a mint yes you
do I remember you don't remember choking
I have my five minutes ago just here oh
my god that doesn't sound like me oh
yeah you know when I sleep with my mouth
open she's just got this knack for
remembering things I don't know what you
don't walk into a door you don't
remember details details anyway I
received a lot of skepticism after my
last video but you know what that's cool
guys I'm totally cool with skepticism
dealt with it from day one
good job on dating so I'll accept your
cynicism that's fine rolls off the back
by now baby years of practice yeah quick
shout-out to this guy with the pleasure
of bumping into thank you so much for
saying hi and I will have a video up in
two days hey you got to give it to me
I've been pretty good with a consistent
uploading yeah I'm gonna give myself a
pat on the back
didn't you hate it when teachers said
that to you give yourself a pat on the
back it's like Jesus Here I am just did
something awesome and my only reward is
still me pretending someone else is
touching me I'm gonna go okay it's Pony
music slash comment time and yes you're
all hysterical I've got money to burn xx
not listening xx yeah money to burn and
doctors say cozy
but as a unforgivably true I get
incredibly offended when my friends on
Facebook beat me at something and then I
realized I'm getting angry over Facebook
and so it's you putting this fantastic
your poor mate and you know I don't do
makeup tutorials because I feel that
would make us all incredibly
uncomfortable but you know what if
you're mean to me maybe I will one day
just for the awkwardness I didn't change
the color you're all not
