hi so I admit I often fall victim to
these hasn't passed madam I like you
even need a ask when I'm Asian and I
wear glasses come on how many triangles
can I see like more how many triangles
can you face see and that's probably an
adequate enough reflection of my
intelligence but I end up sitting the
quiz until Oh what you have to pay for
the edge fuck that but the more tragic
thing is that if I don't get a result
that I like average my ass I reset the
test until I get something that I do
it's superior baby I know and that's why
I'm here to tell you if you click online
investments for IQ tests you've already
failed man I trust me yeah I waste all
my time googling free IQ tests
afterwards it's like a waste of my time
playing out imaginary scenarios to get a
soldier who country is depending on you
like I'm gonna take orders from you hey
watch it buddy
now my previous video featured a feller
and I received many flattering comments
and I for one am offended that you think
I have to pay someone to hang around me
just so now I only take cash yes yeah
and no touchy
are you min a little no no that's my
boyfriend yeah we got many hot dates
and no I don't have to pay him no
kissing no family functions and I get my
own car okay sure silence honestly I'm
offended guys I've got people skills how
I managed to bump into these lovely
focal kind of to send in their photos
thank you for doing that now I'm sure
you're dying to type in some smartass
comment yeah I know I know you
so yeah I'll leave you guys to it I'll
be back in today so until then take care
of yourselves
and anyone else who looks legal okay
it's funny music slash comment time and
you know what guys I don't even want to
tell you how many times the words how
much did you pay came up in the comments
but probably almost as high as the words
special effects her bangs black nice I
usually just go through the palm kiss
myself give a bit of time now sunny Kate
your your your face should make out a
relish with a leg up before you record
and you know what I am all about the
entertainment pleasing much like a
certain lady I know
