hi so you know it's a shit present soap
see I work incredibly hard to try and
find people presents that I've heard
them mention before and how many times
can I act enthusiastic about a bar of
soap present as well though oh thank you
shouldn't have you got me so it's really
really nice so I start at the market it
was so nicely OEM then I smell it ah
Jesus bitch what's wrong with these
people or soap smells the same
I hope you like it yeah how I do this
thanks laughing see as far as I'm
concerned soap is just soap really good
so pure you'd have to go down like this
I trust me this so
oh man what's special about soap just so
oh my god yeah oh my fucking Tinker Bell
right now look at this yeah man oh man
this is sexy soap no wonder she got me
this as a present it's like the best
frakkin present soap I've ever had I
would scream I love this show you know
I'm saying right
you can only buy soap in certain
circumstances I believe one if it's for
your grandmother or two if you're young
and you're buying it for your mum but
once you have money I don't know why you
buy people's soap it's like people who
buy candles candles and soap to me they
just mean fuck you now a couple of
shoutouts I wanted to say hi to these
people who I bumped into and nice enough
to send in their photos now my last
video I asked you guys what you would
steal from the convenience store if you
could steal anything and my answer would
have been the gumball machine because if
you think about it if you take the
gumball machine he's got nothing left to
protect the entire store no Shh I want
to ask you guys a question
oh sorry but before I do that I actually
want to do a quick shout out to all the
high schools who are about to enter into
their final exams in Australia I've been
receiving many paint-filled messages and
I just wanted to say don't panic don't
stress I know that's so easy to say in
hindsight but just take it from somebody
who's been through it not that long ago
despite what everyone all the pressure
that your teachers and your parents are
putting on you right now you know all
that you can ask of yourself is that you
give a hundred percent and if you're
doing that then you've got nothing to be
worried about nothing to be upset about
and you'll be able to do whatever you
want in life
despite the exams not to say you
shouldn't try but just I know what they
say to you when you're doing your exams
you'll be able to do everything you want
in this lifetime I am sure you're all
incredibly intelligent and capable young
adults
so good luck make sure you get you know
a proper night's rest before your exam
don't stress during the night it doesn't
help wake up with a fresh you know fresh
mind and you will be 100% fine so good
luck let me know how you go so keep me
up to date
um okay now that that Mike Brady moment
is over what I wanted to ask you guys
was what is the most you know what what
is up there in terms of your presence
what is a really thoughtful present
somebody has given you this would be up
there
what this is it's a handbag holder my
sister gave me a couple of years ago you
see I get my handbag stolen from me very
very frequently because I put them down
at the end at the bottom of tables or on
the floor and I talk a lot and I don't
notice that people steal them so she got
me this this hangs on the edge of a
table and then you hang your handbag up
like that pretty personal pretty
practical incredibly dorky but I
treasure it so much and I just want to
ask you guys what's the equivalent in
terms of presents for you leave that
leave it in the comments I became to
know because for me it's this this or
this this is what your mum walked my
birthday last year before okay it's porn
music / comment time and I'm loving
these tapes and what you guys and still
a special love the first to come from
guys and yes I apologize I tend to edit
these around three or four in the
morning so sometimes things slip up and
J take three there is nothing more
satisfying than stealing someone else's
internet connection and washing a corn
please let her continue thinking that
that's very very funny
and man that Balloon Boy thing yeah that
was I suppose that was kind of like soap
on the news wasn't it and thanks Taylor
cane that's that's heaps nice of you man
I'd love to show you the lag between
your mother's mouth and I will not
finish that sentence
