hi so for those of you haven't already
guessed it I'm a thrill-seeking kind of
girl company that you forged your mom's
signature walk I say bad I must get us
up to Joe Natalie do you have your acid
knife yesterday you and your mother
write this one I'm sorry this is I don't
even please oh tell by Bob or not but my
friend and I went to see a movie today
and she wanted to be a little bit
rebellious after this Johnny guard sneak
into the movie next door like like sneak
in without tickets yeah but it doesn't
matter there's no went outside to check
oh man that not sound like a good idea
ma'am I know come on when's the last
time you did something a little bit
rebellious he's serious
no one's gonna even notice it's gone
just stealing I'm not gonna take
someone's stuff you know what I'm gonna
do it now I'm gonna take a hit call just
it's just a doll in that so I dropped a
dollar on the ground you're allowed to
take it if you find it no man I don't
think that's a good idea
yes yeah I'm there but out of curiosity
what is the most rebellious thing you
have ever done write in the comments
because I'm extremely curious to find
out for example this is very painful for
me and this has absolutely plagued me
since I was 14 but I stole a nice
chocolate from work and that may not
sound like a lot to you but my boss was
extremely suspicious at the time he was
like I didn't see in order for this ice
chocolate and I don't know why I was so
keen to have one but I couldn't afford
one even with the with an hour's pay
from where I was working and I stole it
and I was entrusted on again afterwards
and I'm pretty sure it was a direct
result of my uh my crime crime and
punishment you see just the wait there's
I kind of talk to you guys about it but
um if you let me know I'd be keen to
find out so be honest because you know I
think people just do little things I
don't know I think guilt is a really big
issue for most people is for me um but
yeah couple of shoutouts as well I
bumped into these guys which was
very nice and Stephanie has me on her
phone and probably because she always
wants to remember the dickhead who
approached her and asked her about a
shop that she didn't work in I'm really
sorry about that Stephanie I'm extremely
embarrassed by that I hate people who
just assume that you work somewhere so
I'm really sorry about that
um and also just to finish it off on a
high note when I show you guys something
hilarious he was voted they spelt
sandwich like which like like which and
it's in this fuckin sandwich doesn't
have a CH ok it's pointing music /
comment time and and you guys are just
incredibly caring you know I imagine if
I had ever ended up in hospital hurt you
just send me cards which said something
like what's the food like in there or
something like that and magic dollar I
did have a cold in fact I still do I've
been downing pills and sticking
decongestants up my nose to make these
videos it's been highly attractive and
I'm sorry to blonde people i I just have
an odd fondness for the blonde jokes I
don't know and yeah thanks that's that's
real nice and ulchhhh
Lions make you brave huh you're
reminding me of my drama teacher when I
auditioned for the part of Sandy in
grease I don't I don't know what the
world's coming to
