hi so I know I haven't made a video in a
long time but let me explain I didn't
really pull in one of my subjects last
semester I have no idea why what can I
do for you Natalie
I was just wondering where I failed my
essay well for starters I asked for two
thousand words
yeah you said two thousand words or four
pages I did that
no you printed out an essay that had
twenty eight point font and tried to
pass it off as two thousand words I
shouldn't have listened to Amy know this
two thousand word essay to do it I've
written to two hundred words do just
make the font bigger does that work yeah
my journal title just miles Simon five
has words no worries
you're a genius am a big thing that
bigger there we go
mate just a bit bigger size so that's a
fail yes it's a fail you look really
nice so basically just working my
project at the moment it's a short film
I'd love to show you guys the progress
but I wanted to double check to see if
that was all right I don't know if it's
a little bit dear diary
d1d was a sad day or or not um a couple
people asked me if I had been kidnapped
which is a really kind of glamorous
rumor
it's almost as glamorous as a Natalie a
good life I don't know um no the only
way I could have ever possibly
disappeared as if this happened
t-tomorrow oh dude
hey let me get a video so don't oh
that's cool
just whatever you have yeah I'll be
great what we just do is we can maybe I
know one come to mama hello hello dude
dude like I can't see the dollar now
Nataly have dude oh my god have you been
to that movie that's okay gosh you
pretty bad
oh I just moved rate is a dollar in here
so if you guys cannot bear with me for
the next little bit while I do my
project that would just mean the world
to me let me know if you want to know in
on my project because then I can let you
know and yes no to any of the rumors I
haven't been kidnapped or held hostage
or anything like that or at all
like why you so obsessed with me it's
funny music / comment time and I feel
terrible
apparently children's feet are in danger
when they wear Crocs on escalators I
feel bad about making joke about that
and that yet thanks for all the really
lovely things that people suggested when
I didn't post a video in just a
fortnight I'd also like to point out
that this person here at the end yet too
much cheese today was the only person
who kind of suggested anything nice it
happened to me everyone else which is
like now she died that's I'm pretty sure
she just died and they're hella ninja
yeah that's nice man it took me two
weeks to get over the last week of it
