hi so I'm in San Diego and I've just
speak to my first date of comic-con
and it was awesome there were lots and
lots of cool costumes and there was this
group from YouTube and they would dress
up as the Twilight characters and every
time they take a photo with somebody
they'd get all serious and pose sexily
and I just want you to know I went in
there being an absolute idiot and
decided to hug Bella as a joke but check
this out you see the go of the short
hair yet she reaches out for a touch of
the Natalie yeah she wanted some of this
look at this man even as she turns away
she wants me I see that sly smile sorry
I just noticed this what in the world is
with this guy's face and I also got to
see the trailers for all these fantastic
movies but the Alice in Wonderland
trailer was fantastic Tim Burton was
there always dressed as Sailor Moon it
was so awesome but guess who also rocked
up an imaginary friend
Johnny Depp was awesome to say but
seriously Tim Burton Tim Burton guys you
guys Allisyn one of those amazing and oh
you know what else is amazing
Nataly met people from Battlestar
Galactica but I'm a fan check this out
both hi and look at this yeah yeah look
at this says my name says Natalie this
comes with all my love on this your 23rd
birthday how awesome is that
I am that oh and here's some more
footage of Comic Con
I'm so excited to get back tomorrow so I
will see you guys soon this this
excitement here this makes up for years
of being not cool okay it's funny music
slash comment time and you know what I
plugged my itself into one of those
which celebrity do you look like
websites and they told me I look like a
Korean male superstar I didn't know
which way to take that and you think
that's bad Kentucky dogs I once hooked
into a car and it wasn't my parents
sitting inside inside God that was
pretty awful because they screamed and I
felt like I lighted somebody speaking of
which children love me shut up and yes
you know what when I talk about
comic-con the voices in my hand wonder
why they still hang out with me and you
know what alice is my king your mom
blocks you on MSN Messenger
