hi out of curiosity what qualify
somebody is random I wanted ice cream
even though it was cold and in the
middle of the night I'm really random oh
my friend just seems pretty random - I
just shot someone
Syrian fuck heads or tails
man I have to pay this bill soon Elton
John or Britney glasses no glasses you
never loved me anyway
psych oh because I've something to have
made of my bed about how much he
dislikes it when people adopt the word
random as an adjective to describe
themselves and more specifically when
they use it as a warning watch out
pretty random don't know where I'll end
up tonight it's like oh my I know where
I'll end up oh bum sir
no um yeah sorry I was speaking of my
friend Ben he's being played on triple j
radio at the moment so if you listen to
children can you do me a huge favor
can you call up a request Ben Abraham
because that would be awesome and also
let me know the most random thing you've
ever done in the comments section well
not in the comment you know what I mean
so I'm going to go to bed because I've
been getting really bad pimples at the
moment and my mother says it's a result
of the lack of sleep she says I look
like before photos in a Neutrogena ad
it's porno music / comment time and yeah
I'm not gonna lie but if they're 15
nobody will believe them and this
Treehugger joke really made me laugh oh
and sorry a couple people asked me what
I what program I use in my last video I
used After Effects and yeah kendra
wilkinson that's that's funny and
Viviano
