hi so I'm sorry this is just gonna be a
quick vlog but I just wanna tell you
guys I just got home from supernova and
it was awesome
the only problem was nobody knew who I
was dressed up as I wish I dress you
look fine but you didn't dress up I this
that's okay
oh hey I think that they're showing it
over at 10 o'clock usually wear clothes
like this I'm from betel stuck yeah I
think we should probably go over there
now all right I dressed up
and then the few people who guessed that
I was from Battlestar Galactica assumed
that I was boomer because I was Asian
Jake is he dressed as boomer I'm not
boomer I'm stuck
why would I be boomer boom is a Cylon
did you cuz famous Asian and you're
Asian you can't be stopped hug some
bucks like a blunder yeah we're here the
frackie you meant to be duh
I'm Hermione Gryffindor what like a
mining Ewan that's funny
you're what Hermione sponsor child
that's funny
and I gotcha I got the cheese tags I got
different tags as well but I decided I'm
gonna start wearing sorry I know so many
of you are pressing unsubscribe right
now that so came at me I got on the
Chiefs dog tag because I'm in love with
him I have the hots for chief yeah I'm
sorry about that I'm gonna have a proper
video up very soon in two days so I'm
really sorry I hope you guys are having
a lovely weekend it was so cool to meet
all of you who were sleeping over and
yes okay it's porno music / comment time
uh yeah you know what bugger off and
yeah I pant just watching other people
run I'm that level of fit and right Ally
you're not just showing whether it is
man google map that street view it's in
my house and yeah blaze of war if I make
you feel uncomfortable now when you're
15 wait till you're 16 man sorry I am
only joking about that
don't don't arrest me
