hi so a friend of mine recently had a
baby so I went to her house to check out
the new bolts she pray my she has a very
big head she's gonna be smart likes juhi
from a Family Guy and then she offers me
what I believe to be one of the scariest
office you can offer somebody she's
gonna have a great personality hey do
you want to give her a whole pause I
have never been able to hold anything
successfully in my life hey Decco this
book huh and you want to trust me to
hold your heavy headed baby oh no no
that's that's okay honey no Dee's gonna
give you I wasn't she easy just don't
drop or otherwise you'll die
you know when they always crack jokes
like that's like huh just don't shake
her cause she'll get brain damage I'm
like shit son I get scared by the
toaster I don't know why you're leaving
me in charge with your baby's life I
don't know it's too much pressure it's
like the time my friend Bilbo gave me
this ring every time I put it on it's
like oh look bro no it's that ieaves
orang and that shit gets old I am no you
know I had to cut off a baby's head to
do that and when I did it it was it was
kind of a bit wrong right oh that's
really freaky and I really freaked out
shit you know what else is wrong I gave
you guys a list of options to pick from
in terms of challenges for me to
complete and I seriously I genuinely
thought you guys would pick pick a magic
trick because I had already learnt while
I was like this is going to be fantastic
but no you picked the hoedown throwdown
but you know what I am actually very
keen to know this three things one what
would you name your child or I guess
what did you name your child if you
already have one right down to tell me
why like what was the criteria around
that and three let me know how you got
your name because at one point she asked
me to help her pick a baby name and this
really freaked me out because I was like
you know I'm a pretty unoriginal person
I
look around the room and I name I would
name my child like water bottle or
something like that and I said to her
you know my username on the internet
community channel you maybe is what we
gonna end up with the name hospital
waiting room or hospital hallway or
something like that yeah
what it's probably genetic because when
I was born my mother named me after the
nurse who happened to be standing in the
room um yeah but you know names are very
interesting kind of thing so I'd be very
keen to know what your name your child
why you name your child that and how you
got your name because my child's name
would be water bottle and I got my name
from a nurse but his names are extremely
important you know if my name was
different your mom would be screaming
different things every night yeah honey
Nettie thinks you're gonna be smart okay
it's porno music / comment time I
laughed very hard at this how the
focaccia comment did you get that from
somebody cuz that's very funny and you
know what here's the name dance yeah
where's my money's bitch you're
promising me money you guys don't even
know maybe I'll come and haunt you one
day for it and and I can't just put this
I love John Cena comment in here because
I want to know why this reminds you of
me
just just curious I'm just putting that
out there and you know what Mitch's
bitches again I'm kind of just putting
this comment here because I like the
last line which is the law might stop me
but not my name
you know what mate I think that whatever
you do the law should allow because at
the moment it doesn't allow all the
things I do des
