hi hey sorry dude I think I left my
sweater in your room
really I don't think I saw it but coming
to check I always find shit that I think
I've lost blamed it on somebody else and
then I never ever tell anybody that I
found it yeah sorry man it's not in here
you always said you liked that sweater
huh
but you stolen it oh my jacket it's just
always so much easy to assume that
someone's stolen it's like when I travel
I realize I can't find something really
important Oh where's my chocolate fish
hi I was in room 314 last night I was
just wondering take a check to see if I
had left anything there I'll just check
the housekeeping notes for you it
doesn't look like anything's been left
we always get housekeeping to write
notes yeah maybe that's cuz you've eaten
it all but it tasted good huh I'm sorry
nothing bye damn it oh my chocolate
fishy
apologize to Amy who I bumped into at
the grocery store Amy I'm so sorry that
I was so standoffish
I feel appallingly rude i ami bumped
into me and I had just come back from
the gym and I hadn't showered and I
hadn't eaten anything for breakfast so
it's just all kind of her and he came in
for the hug Amy and I was alike don't
hug me I'm disgusting it's like when you
know that awkward moment when you go to
hug some of the I don't hold me I'm sick
in you I should have screamed that out
no I'm so sorry and you were so sweet
I'm gonna take you and your friends to
cupcakes I am I am extremely sorry hey
guys
guess who's going to see air-supply
tomorrow night I'm all out of love I'm
so lost with I blew out a video which is
the word Lola and the attractive part of
the video which is the word
by the way I think I saw a racist dole
shop because I'm standing at the window
and I'm looking at these weird dolls and
one's all like I sell crack and the
other ones like I'll eat your
fingernails and then I look inside and
there are all these little dolls in the
far back corner in one cupboard and
they're not allowed to play with the
other dolls
I have to apologize I'm so sorry I
haven't been making videos regularly I
got back from the states and all this
uni work piled up I'm sorry you know
I'll make it up to you I hope you guys
had a lovely weekend and I hope that you
will stick around because believe it or
not um walk out hello the hotel the
charge do too much for Internet hi could
you please hold the line sure thank you
so that 100 how do you do it
hi hi thanks for waiting how can I help
you okay it's porno music / comment time
and you know what I say it like that
okay I say sahs like I say cos like I
say gnar like how I speak like a pirate
bugger off you know what mate where's my
money's bitch I'll put you in no don't
give me money but yes
you're all full of lies you are and I
love that little bit sleepy while 6ei at
home because we never know and I am
ashamed to say but I love so how did an
8:30 joke I am such a sucker for crappy
jokes that was a good joke though and
just a Moss's yes
very funny and I love this you got fun
flu you know what mate it was good
wasn't as good as hugging your mum
though cuz I hug your mom from behind
you
