hi I'm just letting you guys know the
reason why my video is a little bit
delayed I'm in the States at the moment
I'm only here for a couple of days
though I'll be home before you know it
I'll let you know as soon as I get home
I've had some really cool moments like
look the red American cups they drink in
movies well it was cool for me and
nobody can understand what I'm saying
half the time
now my name is marine was there anything
else I could help you with um yeah can I
have a water Thanks
sorry honey some more oh what a water
some more a water okay
I'm sorry honey I can't understand what
you're saying so I'm just gonna go get
my mat and everyone keeps telling me the
weather is so I know it is so hot I woke
up this Martha I can't even remember
when it was this hot but that aside I'm
having a kick-ass time I will post a
proper video when I get home which will
be very soon if there's anything that I
need to try before I leave the States
can you please leave a comment cuz I
need to try it and by the way happy bat
mitzvah Jess what it was awesome and yes
the rest of you take care and I'll see
you all soon bye okay it's funny music /
comment time yes the golden sticker is
from a store called tambourine Owen Five
Dock and they do make the best
cannelloni in and you know what fine I
won't talk during this point of meeting
/ comment time yet see how you like it
sunny now
yes it's better when I talk you know who
always asks me to talk to you
