hi guys so being a lot of positive
feedback about my other celebrity makeup
blogs particularly my Kanye West my
Rihanna and my Joker makeups and today
I'm going to show you how to look like a
celebrity in under one minute and today
choose an Angelina Jolie because we
pretty much already looked the same so
they're not much different not much work
to do so you can use any glue stick I'm
just going to use one that I purchased
online and tastes great and you're just
gonna have to dot it around the skin
gently under the eyes like that blend it
in I mean you can purchase any glue that
you want I choose this one because it's
non-toxic alright then you just get any
picture that you want I choose this one
because it's quite natural and already
looks like my face and there you have it
okay ugly word of the video which is the
word coleslaw hideous word and the
attractive rent of the video which is
the word hazel I don't actually agree
with that but you're so insistent with
your comment that I'm gonna put that
down okay it's pulling music / comment
time I love sorry if you guys go through
the last videos comment throw some
really fantastic ones this one about
from alpha sorry about falling off the
ladder and your father just yelling at
you for swear him it used to happen to
me all the time but I have to apologize
to you guys I wasn't actually gonna put
this video up on YouTube but I put it up
on my Facebook page and quite a few
people asked me to end up posting on
YouTube and I wasn't feeling very well
last night so here it is yeah and I like
read your comments more than I like read
your books you get what I'm saying
learn how to write properly come on man
sorry that's a big nasty you know who
else is nasty
