hi so I was having dinner with a mate
the other night and we were laughing
about those awkward situations you get
into when you go to a friend's house and
they start arguing with a parent he
hardly does her homework what I do my
homework why you always trying bars
Jeanne Marie I'm you are you're always
trying Barriss me I hate to do this Joe
I hate you
hurry hi Natalie
hi this is Lee don't talk to an actually
stupid I remember it always be really
outrageous when I'd hear a friend swear
at their parents I'd be like oh kids
like in my household if you ever swore
it I don't even know what happens
because I haven't done it but yeah
like if I if I didn't forgot to shut the
fridge door or something properly I'd
come home in the locks would be changed
you think I'm joking take my shoes off
next time yeah awkward you know what
else is awkward the ugly word of the
video which is the word yeast and the
attractive word of the video which is
the word Epiphany I don't know if you
guys are called but a long time ago I
told you about how I had to fish and I
named them after characters from The
Sopranos one was Christian miles Adriana
yes well it's my it is unfortunate that
I have to announce that Chrissy just got
whacked I'm very upset to such but um oh
by the way couple of you asked me if on
Twitter my username is community Chan
there as in without the yellows and they
reach the word look the character limit
no my user name is Natalie Tran and you
can add me on that but I don't say
anything interesting so but just so you
know I'm kind of upset I thought you
guys knew me intimately because I
certainly know some of you intimately as
you'd hope so especially when we share
moments like porno music slash comment
time I love this first comment because I
always pretend that I know the lyrics to
songs and I never do is really awful and
this Facebook application comment was
pretty gold
and I'm sorry about the inverter sment
I'm not quite sure why they're always
sat emission and yeah I love this tall
short girl comment this was fantastic
because that's the kind of stuff my dad
did and you know what your mum wears
Crocs was one of the best your mum calls
I have ever seen but she has to wear
Crocs mate they comfortable and I take
her outdoors
