hi so I was at my fridge this morning I
had that annoying thing happen where I
who keeps playing empty bottles in the
fridge and then I remembered some of you
want that that's that's plenty just yeah
nice one for me yeah yeah no fast
no some you want that one yeah it drives
my entire family man I don't blame them
I don't know why I'm so lazy the bins
just over there I just can't but you
know what in the lolly bags that I had
before they always come with these the
teeth you know the I don't know who eats
these do you guys Izzy's because they're
mmm oh that's there that's that's quite
ugly I'm sorry ah speaking of ugly
though it's ugly word of the video day
which is the word kumquat yeah you know
what I think that we should spice it up
a little bit
change it up for next video so I'm going
to be behind you're gonna be on all
fours no I think you guys should send me
not only an ugly word of the video but
also an attractive weight of the video
that I'd liked I'm quite intrigued to
see what you guys would consider an
attractive word so yes just putting it
out there um sorry
I watched Watchmen because I received I
was pretty much bombarded by messages
from you guys telling me I had to go see
this movie Watchmen which which
interested me because I usually don't
talk about films you know of that
particular genre so I went and saw
Watchmen I would like to hear what you I
mean I I know that a lot of you liked it
okay let's not go into that I get very
confused in films where there are powers
that are super powers super power
stop doing that hand movement sorry
these teeth have left those teeth things
left a really awful taste in my mouth
but you know who leaves a good taste in
my mouth you guys know what I was going
to say it's porno music / comment time
yes dollop is a very strange word and by
the way I liked how all of you in my
last video we're just like yeah I'm
cheap and I'm proud in the comments it
was very funny um four hundred dollars
you know I mean a very good friend not
too bad and I liked that you were saying
the word later in your sentence made me
smile and this joke by the way
it's so wrong but very funny and the
Ferrari thing I like that I have it's
probably quite sick but I laughed very
loudly that discombobulated I concur and
I don't know anyone who says snorkel
like that but you know to each their own
and I is that true about the cat's you
might be taking the piss and I do read
every comment mate
so booyah
