hi so I was by your maids birthday
present and I always find it confronting
when the shop assistant asked are you
good friends um yeah yeah we're good
friends okay well a good friend you
might want to buy something like this
it's really nice it's a little bit
expensive arts that's good friend it's
more that good a friend but it's really
really nice oh bloody 400 bucks your
hopes okay
all right I suppose you could you could
buy that I mean that that's only $50 if
you're if you're not good friends I see
I see what you did you ask me if I'm a
good friend so now you're watching me to
see how good a friend I am because if I
were a good friend I'd just buy the
expensive one yeah you're judging me
you're judging me I think I'll go with
it then I'm a good friend I'll go with
that
great men if you're good friends why be
cheap you guys know what I mean right
like I'm fairly certain that it's a
trick question because what are you
meant to say now I'm a cheap bus and I'm
gonna get them that one but you know
it's I don't mind spending money on
friends but when it's like $400 I think
you know I'm not sleeping with them my
bed asleep with me after I spend $400 on
a berth I think I have another one next
to you but you've told them you good
friends that you're stuck but a mess
with me you know what's interesting I
got said this by Sue I like that that's
that's the impact that I've had on you
sue thank you and I also like that
everyone's been spelling mum-mum
by the way makes me a little bit happy
on the inside you know what doesn't make
me a little bit happy on the inside the
ugly word of the video which is the word
pointment yeah I have to concur Ottoman
isn't a nice word you know what I tried
to incorporate all the new ugly words of
the video into a sentence and all I
could come up with was she rubbed
pointman into her moist lovers bag after
he threw chunks and then I couldn't
think of how to incorporate the word
flame so if you guys know how to I would
be thoroughly impressed you know what
doesn't thoroughly impress me the way
you guys are picking on how I pronounce
the word
apparently I pronounce opinion opinion
and you know what you can leave me alone
because that's the way I talk I don't
need to talk very much well not at least
one with your mum for porno music /
comment time and recommend you go to the
comments in life to do because there was
so many too soon jokes that it was it
was quite fun to deal with and I yeah
I'm sorry that like again for thick to
the gap my last videos I'm sorry about
that
and a couple people like NAT your last
wheel was a little bit too offensive I
do apologise make you feeling better my
face is a lot more effective you know
who likes my face
