hi now you know what I love about summer
the previews for summer movies because
they always involve somebody who can't
read and can't write should you that
yeah I can't read and I can't write but
there's one thing I know how to do and
that's dance then there's always that
person in the school who believes in
them you can do it though I don't you
it's not that it you can't let them get
you down you're the best dancer in the
entire school those other kids they
don't even know what dance is from the
hearts like just but you have heart you
don't have to dance earlier just let it
shine I know you care and if you're
really good play I just sleeping enjoy I
want answers and not their friends they
don't even know them anymore I'm still
your friend man man I don't even know
you anymore but you've given me up for
some dance group you just don't
understand my dance trip we have to
practice sweets everyday look be there
at midnight otherwise we're friends no
more don't tase me bro hey bro it's me
you can't make it tonight
they always had a mother who had a
promise made to her by a friend don't
promise your mother also see this and
then it ends like this yeah bitch sing
wanna see I just love it because when I
see previous with these movies I know
it's some are you know I can't read and
I can't write but you know what I can
dance or I can't read and I can't write
but I can sing or something like that
it's amazing it's very inspirational um
yeah but speaking of summer I hopped
into the car the other day and this is
what the thermometer in the car read
just to exemplify how hot it is I'm
going to show you what the car
thermometer says okay so here we go says
that outside it is currently 48 degrees
Celsius so for those of you working
fahrenheit that translates to about one
hundred and eighteen point four degrees
Fahrenheit do you like how I pretend I
figure that out I didn't I just good but
I yeah like that out bro
though no I shouldn't complain there a
lot of Australians who are in really
unfortunate situations at the moment
with the heat and the bush fires so my
you know condolences to people out there
at the moment um I hope you guys are
having a lovely weekend oh sorry I kind
of quickly say I get a couple messages I
get a load message actually where people
I don't know they like pain that I give
you one star in your videos just to like
you know work up against the crowd I
don't know what crowd you're thinking of
but um let me put it this way videos
that have a lot less hits than mine get
higher ratings and more ratings than my
videos because while it looks like a lot
in proportion to the views is actually a
very small amount I'm not complaining I
you know I don't ask you guys to read I
don't ask for that stuff but if you're
going to please don't rape me down
because people later on will write me
down you've got that they've got that
down man don't even worry about it
starts good goes bad like many things in
my life me my sex alone shouldn't say
that they printed something about me in
the Vietnamese papers man hold
Vietnamese communities gonna be on me
like bang my mom's gonna get like whole
bunch calls from the Vietnamese people
you don't I mention the word sex
shouldn't do that I should go now hope
you guys are well I'll see you soon
Hey pausing fun
who is this featherbed okay it's porno
music slash comment time now I don't
play lacrosse but if I look like I play
lacrosse and perhaps this is something
that we shouldn't we should organize you
know what that guy that passed in my
last video he was actually just a
passerby I hope it's okay I don't know
he hasn't beaten me up my fish are fine
they're okay and you know what slippers
and socks very shoe maxi and I loved
this mom comment this was burn and yes
yetis are very sexy smexy yeah
