hi so my friend was over the other night
quite late and we were talking and I
said to her you know man I was worried
someone's gonna break into the house and
stab me she says oh man I just worry
about that all the time but not now
I asked why she said clothes man I have
a secret escape plan and at first I
played dumb and I said what do you mean
you have a secret escape plan but the
thing is I knew exactly what she meant
she meant like if somebody comes in to
attack me I have a secret escape plan
check it and then she proceeds to show
me the most crazy secret escape plan
I've ever seen so you do this right
someone's about to attack you you let
them come on close behind you you step
on their foot your name here you hit
them here hold onto karate star how'd
you know karate a YouTube bro grab their
eye boy twist you pull out and they're
bleeding and your headbutt them then you
jump out the window
what if there's no window there's always
a window dude but to be fair to her the
wonderful thing about secret escape
plans is that they don't have to be
realistic because you know my secret
escape plan involves this I get keys I
hold them like this so if anyone comes
up behind me I can stab them in their
eye
everyone everyone secret escape plan I
think involves some kind I attacked then
I go and like do all this kung fu stuff
and none of us are actually trained when
just all YouTube trained but yeah I
don't know just secret escape plans make
me happy it makes me happy that everyone
is kind of secretly paranoid you know I
always lie my bedroom I look around I'm
like man if someone would have come in
here where would I hide do you guys do
that I would really enjoy seeing
people's secret escape plan so if any of
you have any please you know send them
in because I would really really love to
see that speaking of people sending in
really awesome stuff you should read the
comments if you have time of my last
video because they were fantastic
comments and they're like some people of
paranoid of things I would I would read
through the comments because you know I
read through all the comments and I was
like wow I have that exact fear and the
odd scroll next I was like
I have that fear as well and then I felt
like one of those freaks on forums that
you laugh and you're like huh
these people they all think you know
aliens are gonna die yeah I felt that
connection between us call me yes um I
finished reading paper towns as soon as
I hit upload I got on to this and it was
fantastic there's really really good
lines in it um and I'm sorry - sorry -
the author because um yeah
John wrote to me nice when we do the
lick thing to his face I respect your
face on the bottom of the book see up
right so um yes no if you have time you
should check out paper um
Paper Towns it was great and thank you
so much for all your comments in last
video it was fantastic and kind of
horrible because I when some of you
reminded me of fears I have like
somebody was like I always dream shit
this was horrible
so I was like I always dream about when
I lie in bed somebody somebody's hand
coming out and grabbing me shit man I
have that exact fear yeah but my secret
escape plan Bam's I have no arm after it
um I you I kind of encourage you to
press pause and read the comments these
comments are mainly fears that I kind of
shares I think that they're hysterical
I'm sorry that the the audio sync again
in HD doesn't show up but I hear that's
a problem with with um exporting on Macs
and and using high def and I don't know
how to fix it yet but um yeah I hope you
enjoy the comments you might have to
watch them in HD but yes really go back
and read them because they're fantastic
and thank you to the person who said
they watch me because of my strength
dude yeah I bought this because it says
H disposable blocks when look at that
that's one block so I kind of just
wanted to see how it
oh I see I see but apparently this
raises like marker off of things let's
get a texture how many well that was a
fun experiment net stage you next time
while I fix a car that's not here sorry
time to go I don't know why porno slash
comment Pato music / comment time didn't
work because I tried to do it and the
audio just didn't show up in the video I
have no freaking idea sorry I'm just
reaching down because it was a lolly but
I forgot I hadn't finished recording
