hi now you know what's distracting
glitter because it doesn't matter how
serious the conversation is or how
serious the people are or you can think
about is glitter shoe a glitter on her
face when she had glitter on her face
from god she's wonder if I could get
some better looks kind of pretty and
here's the thing the thing is I know how
I get glitter on my face glitter but how
does someone so serious get purple
glitter on their face see I have this
theory my theory is that something
happens like this
and that's why you can't find the keys
but seriously you know whenever you say
to somebody oh you you have a piece of
glitter right there there's Gary that's
strange how did that get there
how did that get there you touched
something glittery and then you touched
your face it's how it got there but no
they never know how it got there they
don't have kids
they weren't touching glue and they
don't do arts and crafts
I don't know it's just funny cuz
especially now when everyone's writing
Christmas cards you get all the glitter
all over yourself in your tough face
little things like this amuse me and
this is why I'm a simple kind of girl
I'll always be a big pharma okay um
these are the world vision cards that I
was holding and people like haha you
throw away your world vision book words
I don't world vision mate cards and
they're really cute cards so if you're
looking for Christmas cards there's this
one um news agency that I've been going
to and they just have this whole section
of charity cards I didn't know charities
made Christmas cards but apparently so
and the other ones that I were holding
were Breast Cancer Foundation ones so
check those out and I think that it's
comment time it's really hot in this
room um it's comment time and guys turn
down the comments they're getting a
little bit you know just a bit too witty
yeah I don't like things that are clever
no it seriously
um you know just relaxed it's not a
competition it was never meant to be
that way and yes congratulations guys I
think I win yeah I win it having the the
phrase porno time the most in my
comments yeah I'll see you guys soon
this has to be one of my favorite
comments of all time but press pause
press pause read this one press pause
you didn't press pause or an idiot okay
I like all the ones where people did
that I liked the awesome aisle that was
really sweet and what else what else I
can't cook very well but okay and yes I
have tried them and they're alright
