hi now one of the things I most enjoy is
the process of buying Christmas cards
because every year I do this thing where
I go through a mental process of
determining which category best
describes the kind of person that I am
Christmas cards Christmas why there's so
many Christmas cards why are they
categorized what the thoughtful I'm a
thoughtful kind of person remember that
time you''re you lent back that pen you
told her she didn't even need to return
it Simon said that was nice yeah I'm a
nice thought humorous him I'm Way more
humorous than I am thoughtful I mean
come on I'm a funny kind of person those
jokes you were cracking last night natch
he couldn't stop laughing your laugh for
the pine it's only card the boat that's
a humorous card now must have sent that
yeah
that's why category Christmas only comes
once a year but presents can tell you
that's not funny doesn't say
why don't even get that one
think it's even better and then you have
to deal with the subcategories where it
tells you what kind of person you're
buying for it'll be like brother sister
and you're like I have a brother I have
a sister
it's like father mother all right okay I
see where you going with this but then
it just gets more and more ridiculous
and you have categories like these
friend well I have friends friends
partner okay neighbor well I wasn't
gonna send mrs. Rogers a card she's kind
of well he says that card yeah that last
joke right there that's why I shop in
the humorous aisle anyway um yes no I
enjoy sending cards cards as I I'm like
I said I'm not a very festive kind of
person but I like sending cards and
letters but when I do that and it's not
a holiday people get very weeded out so
I use this excuse to say guys this is my
international batch I'm thinking about
today this is yeah this is the neurotic
stuff though these pink tabs are people
who haven't replied for the address
still five of you hmm and this list is
in alphabetical order so you can
probably figure out where you are okay
um what else oh yes I bought a Christmas
hat use your words Natalie I bought a
Santa hat so I can do my Christmas video
would you guys apparently predicted and
I want to have a shout-out sorry to a
Venetian if I saw your turn hole and
thank you for coming up and saying hi
thank you to everyone who comes up it
says hi because I don't like it when I
get messages afterwards like well you
like being weird and I was like and
Tristan hey Tristan yeah I was at the Q
a concert so don't send me the cure
links because rob is my future husband
and he's looking at me
that he was singing I think that it's I
think it's porno music slash for next
time
I'll see you guys sorry by the way I
forgot to mention a whole bunch of you
in the comments when I came that you
didn't change clothes for the last video
skit I was in uniform we have uniform
here
I like this comment cuz I just put it
just to defy Adam but I thought that was
funny and I did not know if he just time
in NSE w that it became north south east
and west and for this guy I was actually
planning on being Santa so no no naughty
elf
