hi now there are a couple of phrases in
the English language that I find
redundant one of them is no offense
because it doesn't matter that I've said
that before whatever follows is going to
be offensive and they've even warned you
about it for example hey Murray hmm you
look nice today
no offense not but I don't take whatever
you say in terms of fashion seriously
see and the other one is not you you're
different because you're not different
you're exactly what they said they
didn't like but they just forgot and
it's really really awkward when they try
and recover oh I know I said to her look
I'm sorry
if you have enough time to be posting
someone me Internet quite frankly you're
a bit of a loser Oh what not you not you
you're different you're you're cool yes
Sarah
Eric sorry so what I'm not cool don't
like me no yeah you don't people try and
recover from it they say something
really pathetic like oh but it's
different cuz cuz you're you're cool or
you're you're just you're different no
I'm not like them sorry that's bit but
yeah I mean it's like they try and
recover from it and they either say
something like that which just doesn't
mean anything or they make you feel even
worse by saying something like this oh
no not you you're you're different
people laughter you're drugged sometimes
areso oh no you're different you don't
even know when you do it first just all
the time I remember once sorry
just on more boring notes I remember
once I was really kind of honing in on
how much I hated this particular singer
and then somebody at the dinner table
went oh she's a dear friend of ours I
was at oh yeah her songs are great her
songs great I just met this one
particular song and that's that's
because now her songs are great I meant
another shit you I don't know why you
just stick to my guns because I still
don't like her I should just be like
yeah she sucks tell your friend she
sucks but anyway cuz I've released so
many albums in my
time yeah anyway that's all just think
it's funny when people try and backtrack
like this one kind of backtrack on that
particular Specter the time ago I think
I think that's Austin
yeah now it's comment time I'm dancin
over one dead
