hi now not to sound like I'm making fun
of people who believe this kind of stuff
but my friend and I are having a cup of
tea the other day I see that's my friend
and that's me and she offers to read my
team leaves and of course my reaction
was something like no I can I can't get
that's what give it to me I tell you
well okay well it says that you've lived
a good life so far no I have and oh no
it's just ok
and it also says that you probably have
some kind of experience in the next few
years which probably would be a bad one
but you will keep living well no wait
what's the experience and while that
particular reading wasn't that event for
what it did remind me of it's just how
when people are reading your palm or
your tea leaves or something that I just
have no hesitation telling you that
something cracking is gonna happen I
mean I have hesitation telling people
have stuff on the teeth you're gonna
tell me I'm gonna like die you're like
five years thanks man don't worry about
it but yes it reminded me of when I was
in high school we used to do things like
this I could Ryan and I only have a
compatibility of semi 2%
hey let me read your palm later I need
to practice you have a pretty long line
here so you're probably gonna live to
like you're a 100 and you're probably
gonna be rich what's that
that just means you're probably gonna
have like heaps of babies but one of
them is gonna be really ugly I wonder if
I could my middle name if it'll go
higher do you guys ever do that the
mathematical equations really like oh
that means that this person loves me you
know ninety-eight percent I think this
is where things go wrong from a young
age you're already calculating you know
your compatibility with someone on a
totally one way you know one way
relationship according for this paper
with so in maybe that's just I think
that's a girl thing I think that women
do that I don't know um yeah no sorry I
just thought it's funny because she's
just like yeah something crappy is gonna
happen to you I was like well shit I
wish I had some kind of bloody magical
reading power and I wish damnation on
you too huh yeah okay don't have cups of
tea with me um what else what else what
else
I mean that's it I think that's it yes
um I'll post another video up soon and
I'll put the comments at the end as
usual and yeah I'm sorry guys people
keep writing me about those dumb ads
that ads not like sorry not they're done
but like that had to come up and like
are you dumb and how it always appears
next to my face I think what they're
doing is just giving you an example and
I think that's messing you know you know
what I'm saying
