hi so I'm a bit of a Mac fan but one of
the things I'm yet to purchased is the
new iPhone and one of my friends weren't
staying with at the moment has one so
that's my friend and that's her iPhone
and all that's very fashionable and very
here been you know for those of you who
who haven't noticed yet I'm I'm neither
of those things in fact that's me being
unfashionable and I've always wanted one
of these odds what it's it's not a
crappy thing there's a switch but now I
know that you're not cool and I know
that you're unfashionable what are you
telling me this fall well rude
presumptuous person who I made up thing
is she's got these new little games on
her phone and they're very cool but
she's playing them all the time what's
she doing good in you game and I mean
I'm not really a game person myself
mainly because it involves hand-eye
coordination not very good at that in
this department
but she has his game and it's not unlike
Tetris in terms of its simplicity so I
could actually play it and she offered
me a go if like
I'm a gentleman
and I could not stop playing it for
hours
and I was trying to figure out what it
was that made the game show appealing I
think it was the little confirmations
that it would scream at you so you'd be
like excellent huge oh don't Masood
nature - ooh
seriously you'll be like oh yeah good
game I'm the fucking Beast of course it
was a good game in fact it was a fucking
excellent game because that's imagine if
I had an iphone there and she was
watching me film this by the way which
is why I had to fire you my hand anyway
thing is I actually got a top score
after a while which was pretty
impressive if I do say so myself
sweet oh shit
ah that's awesome
what's up oh I go to top school but that
took me hours to get I'm sure she won't
mind me saying this because she lent me
her iPhone to make the video but she
then proceeded to play the game until
she eliminated my name entirely from the
spoilers right I'd share that with you
guys because for the first time I was on
the top of you know the school list and
that's first I'm going to be on top of
anyways that involves scoring not really
I'm joking
sorry I get a couple of emails from
concerned people and they're like look
you joke about your sexuality a lot and
I don't know if you've got if you know
if you just guy is a now a woman or
what's happening my parents don't know
if I was no I don't know if you know if
you don't understand my joking you
probably shouldn't watch my videos
everyone leaves hey um thank you for all
those re I'd say thank you for all the
people who sent me links to the subway
commercial I saw it and I look nothing
like the girl he said that I make I'm
Asian and a girl and that we both eat
subway sometimes I don't know um I gave
a lot of people who send me links to
people who I apparently look like my
favorite one was a male Korean superstar
on one hand he was a man but on the
other hand he was shy how a sensitive I
stop look dinosaur I just saw this at
the corner my eye so I kind of am like
the girl from the subway commercial that
was a whole new level I just thought - I
do apologize about that um
that's all I had to say hey um I'm let's
not force it huh yeah
yes I'll see you guys soon I might put
some my favorite comments up again
because that takes the pressure off
