hi I want to tell you something but so
that you can relate I need to explain my
theory and I know my theories are bit
you know engines running but no it's the
controls but hear me out I have this
theory that cool people while obtaining
you know the status cool also obtained
you know usual and what I mean by this
is they always have usual things that
they do that make them cool right for
example there's Marie she is cool hey
Marie
hey would you get up to on the way again
well you know the usual see I don't know
what the visual means I'm guessing it's
pretty cool it's probably like showing
out drinking got smashed you know had
sex with a million prostitutes snorted
coke off their bags I don't know oh yeah
whereabouts did you go usual you see
what I mean
so the usual is cool but they all have
usuals they all do this thing hmm no
it's not that as I said she's not gonna
do it proper she just shouldn't do it
yeah
fair enough as well hi ladies usual yeah
no Lori's Amanda what do you want
I'll have the usual - thanks and what my
daddy um
you know
and the thing is I've never ever been
able to obtain a usual see I mean when I
turned 18 here I got really excited
because I was like oh hey I can now go
into bars and order drinks I'm like oh
hey
just the usual you know whatever on the
whatever but the thing is I don't drink
not because of any beliefs or anything I
just I don't like the taste of alcohol I
get this I get all red and it's all
really attractive but um you're like
that's just cold being drunk but no I I
don't like the taste and don't like the
effect so it's pretty much just like
getting kicked up the arse so I don't
drink and the only thing that I have
usuals at are like food places which is
kind of good but not really because I
usually order really fatty things so
I've never had the opportunity to take
my friends anywhere and you know do
demonstrate this coolness but on the
weekend not on the weekend at all it was
two days ago sorry I went into mces
which is also known as Mickey D's or
McDonald's and Raphael who watches my
videos and might be watching now maybe
was really turned off by the whole thing
hey Raphael um was like oh you and then
I got really scared and I thought maybe
they'd seen me eat a lot of McDonald's
before and there's a limit or
something's of it but then I turned out
who watched my videos and then he was
like oh it's cool I'll look after it and
I was with my friends and he shouted as
our staff say thank you for that that
was really really cool of you and I felt
G it's the whole point of the video is I
felt G and Raphael you made me feel G
just for that this is a reoccurring
theme for those of you who don't know
yeah I felt G was pretty cool because my
friends usually pay me out about my
videos but for that moment split moment
in time I was cool so share it - Raphael
and I'm really sorry I thought you knew
but the next day we went had ice cream
and I got ice cream as well I'm glad
that I'm buying you know really healthy
foods when when people see me but anyway
I thought that was cooler than I tell
you guys and yeah that's the whole point
of the video and I want to tell you guys
that when I was doing the part of the
waitress I had this and this pen
not that smelling pens is
think that this one smells pretty good
if you like sniffing Bend
yeah next week I'll show you which glues
a good nerve
anyway I'm alleged art but not after I
show you pimp washing machine yeah oh
yeah
how crazy so amazing look at that it's
like a pink machine my drugs and I
forgot to say that I didn't log in for a
couple of days I'm really sorry like I
said um I didn't I've been moving around
like someone wrote a really funny one
like is this Nomad season in Australia
but during summer I have holidays so I
get to stay around more often a stay
with my sister and things like that and
I didn't ride up my favourite comments
on the page and I've been trying to get
in the habit of that so instead to make
up for it I'm gonna put them at the end
of this video and there was one that
really made me laugh it was like
Natalie's really attractive oh that's
not all that made me laugh it was like
because she looks like and then they
described this commercial I'd never I'll
show you I'll shut up and I'll show you
but yes I'll see you guys soon if
someone knows what this commercial is
tell me but yeah sorry about that
sleazy
well not really cuz it's funny
