hi so I was doing an essay this week on
music videos and it had never occurred
to me previous to that because I had to
watch a lot of videos for the essay how
often women particularly single women in
music videos use mirrors they either
sing to themselves in mirrors like this
I don't think you understand I don't
even lean man or even perhaps more
interestingly they draw on mirrors like
this don't even I don't women ages well
my son don't knee and and there are a
couple of things that I think about when
I say this being dining videos one of
them includes how awkward it would be if
you were doing this and somebody walked
in on you um one healthy lovekins shares
hey what are you doing oh you've got
good acoustics in here yeah I was just
playing you have I am you have dirt here
hey
I don't know apparently this is the
thing apparently this is how you show
independence you sing it yourself in a
mirror and you draw on it because
that'll show him you understand don't I
ready main man don't don't - well my son
don't need any he men going you know
what it's fine that we're broken up
because I got my friends you can't
handle all of this cuz I've got Rob and
Jimmy and all my my fellas I make a good
man nation so BG see I say James a
gangster sorry guys anyway oh oh um
quite a few people message me in regards
to the shirt that I wore in after the
tone when I say people I probably mean
women um and I actually took some
initiative noon for the first time in my
life I contacted the people who make the
show because it's they make my favorite
clothing line and I may be able to take
you guys to the shop for a visit so that
would be exciting
I thought perhaps I might contact a
couple of other places like maybe some
my favorite restaurants maybe we can do
a little around Sydney kind of thing
yeah be sexy much sexier than that was
sorry I'm going to go to bed oh I'm
making a Halloween video next because
you celebrate
Elvis I don't think you missed it what
am i doing
