so I went to a mate's house the other
night she offered me a cup of tea and I
realized that this rather strange
thought process happens every time
somebody wants me that something is
going to be hot oh you should watch it's
hot
and for some reason when people warned
me that things are gonna be hot I don't
think I quite believe them because I
look at them and I kind of size them up
and I'm like I totally had a really
laundry the other day no it's fine which
of course ends in this ah oh I told you
that was hot that's it that's really hot
man
it's a strange phenomenon that occurs
isn't it when you just you just you size
people up again I don't know if you guys
do this but I know I do it all the time
okay honestly I sit there and I decide
that this person in front of me is
always incapable of telling me what my
pain threshold is because there's a so
much lower than mine it's I I do it when
people tell me things in Chile I look at
them I'm like you know I think to the
war of Chile
I've lost taste buds to Chile you don't
know this thing here this thing it's not
just a machine it's a beast just stretch
that joke nut just keep stretching it so
there's nothing left - yeah oh by the
way I just thought I would use this
opportunity to profess my love
hamish Blake it's a love I've had for a
while now hamish Blake doesn't radio in
Australia don't know well obviously if
you're Australian if you're not
Australian I think English people would
know whom he wishes
Hamish Blake I should stop saying you
know people started talking about famous
people on
name terms as though you know them a
machine machine oh yeah
if any of you know how much time there
was me don't say I'm on the internet
that's going to be the downfall of my
life isn't it something something on the
internet anyhow I am I also yeah no
seriously tell him to not really I'm
it's late forgive me um I also posted
some of the comments that I enjoyed from
my last video on my front I think I
might continue doing that because I
thoroughly enjoy receiving them and
reading them and I'm going to go because
I've said several creepy things tonight
and suil
sorry guys I'm sorry
