hello this is the answering shit if
you'd like to leave a message after the
tone you can do so after hi now for what
must have been the 50th time this week
and no I'm not the brightest of sparks
if you haven't noticed the lift doesn't
quite reach the top floor I managed to
embrace the greeting on my answering
machine I never mean to do it just my
fingers too forceful and that's what she
said but anyhow this means they
constantly need to re-record the
greeting I don't know what it is about
answering machines but they evoke a
sense of nervousness from me I think
it's because to create another greeting
is quite difficult because you have to
sit there re-recording it and don't why
I know you all do but you have to sound
casual while you're doing it and that's
quite hard hey there I'm just I'm just
I'm also on my way Wow
oh hi I'm a little bit busy and also you
want to capture people's attention you
know because people tend to hang up when
they when they hear answering machine oh
I know I do
so you want them to leave a message
stick around so you make it friendly and
fun but that's really hard to do as well
honey how's it going hey yeah yeah how's
it going because the more I think about
it I get really all like put off by
people's answering machines quite often
and one of two reactions will happen one
will be this
thank you friend Amanda please leave a
message of the joy or the other will be
this I'm not coming I'm not coming
hey there you reach Amanda please leave
a message after the time oh hi I'm a
nerd deadly just the same hi see you
tonight
yeah there's just something about
answering machines that make me nervous
I'm not quite sure what it is no idea
but um oh and also in I don't know about
overseas but I owned in Australia cost
quite a few people to retrieve voice
messages so I always feel like I need to
make messages really worthwhile you know
they have to be there but the mainly I
just think about things too much perhaps
I think about things too little um no
that's really all I want to say I'm
sorry I haven't got thrilled attempt to
have things I could lie but I'm not
going to lie I haven't watched them all
that I will very soon once my exams and
assignments are out of the way and I
also think that what I'll do now is
after the next two days after the part
after I post a video within two days of
it or something I will post up my
favorite comments from that video on my
front page and that way you guys can
notice that I am reading all my comments
and all of that ah sorry I always forget
like I said the lift doesn't quite it's
probably about here right now and
everyone's getting off because they're
like there's nothing up there to see and
on that glorious note alright
you
