hi do you guys remember doing things
like this
do you know the Spice Girls Natalie
they're really cool at the moment you
probably haven't heard of them
yeah you do the Spice Girls later like
all that sells off by heart I even like
I even bet that what they were here yeah
what can you sing you that song whoa
what what I would do really really what
is this ah you don't know the lyrics
guys toy and what would you really
really wanna say ah you're so stupid you
know when you make up the words cuz you
forget them and the only reason that I
recall this is because the other day I
was babysitting I don't know if you guys
have noticed but kids are really hard to
entertain I I was a pretty simple kid
still on one if you come up to me now
and you're just like hey now that's
pretty much me done so I'm trying to
entertain this kid and everyone was very
quiet while stop thought hard listen
does that look funny does that
yeah gonna go down snakes
all right let's watch a movie
again so I put the movie on and she
starts to do that thing you know we're
kids rock back and forth when they're
watching a movie yeah so she does it and
this comes out and I forgot for a moment
I thought maybe this is just a one song
thing but now it kept going for the
whole night you know and they can't
remember anything except the ends of the
line or the chorus the chorus is always
really loud that world and I just
thought it was really cute and I forgot
about it do you guys ever do that and oh
okay no you're doing about it oh I
should stop in it yeah um yeah thank you
again for all the comments and and
writings and messages I've people kind
of irate through every single comment
that I get and I read through all my
messages I'm really sorry that I don't
have time to respond to all of them I
will make more time when when you need
breaks so I really enjoy did a couple of
comments to people like you know don't
bother commenting cuz she doesn't read
this or if you're gonna leave in a fancy
comment then write it to me cuz I'll
read it um yeah no I I really and thank
you for all the comments and I really
love reading them because you guys
comment like I just get the best
comments sometimes and they're
hysterical I should go through them and
show you guys my favorite ones and the
last video where I mentioned I had to
cut here someone ready really funny when
they're like at that time I just go
around I cut people just gently so
they're better than feel it but they
wake up in the morning like
fuck and that made me laugh um yeah I've
got a couple of assignments happening
the moment but I'm trying to make more
videos so I'm enjoying it so yeah I hope
to see you guys soon the next few days
hopefully you're so stupid
god help me the day that someone comes
in when I'm recording this kind of stuff
for you yeah
