I hate grocery stores they're full of
noisy people for example Here I am
standing in the shampoo aisle trying to
find my shampoo I'm saying next this
bloke and he's like ah you're a fan of
the good old herb licenses are you
smells good that stuff fuck off man have
you any idea how creepy that sounds now
I can think of is you in the shower with
my Herbal Essences Thanks
you should try this stuff out he says
and pulls out a bottle of Pantene what
the fuck is its brand power do I follow
you to the cereal aisle and tell you
what you should eat for breakfast when
you go to Washington touch an area with
me and tell me which one feels soft and
silky
in fact why do you help me the fruit
section and tell me how to pick my
fruits and then we can go to the video
shop while we're at it and falling down
the aisles and rent a movie we'd both
like to watch then you can tell me which
M&Ms taste better and I'll pick them out
for you I know what you're thinking
stop being so petty he's just trying to
help but seriously why people in grocery
stores like this cuz and he looks into
my basket and he's like oh wow looks
like someone's going to a party tonight
fuck off that's how much I eat shit man
what is this then I leave and go to the
ice-cream fridge I start to ponder which
ice cream I want to eat after watching
Boston Legal and before falling asleep
tonight hmmm connoisseur I like that
stuff I reach into the fridge and grab
it and I hear this voice behind me ha
that stuff's lethal I turn around what
the fuck man who is this guy my mother I
grunt and put it into my basket ha ha
ice cream and chips wouldn't want to be
you tomorrow yeah well I would want to
be you either you appear on the news
following young girls around the
supermarkets you freak jeez man just
come home we've been why don't you you
can go through my pantry and sniff my
shampoo then I go to pay for things and
the girl at the counter is like eyeing
the two tubs of sour cream I'm buying I
know she's thinking it's too much she
does this kind of smirk thing and she's
packing the bags what a shit is that all
she asks no I think to myself that's
just half I'm hiding the other half and
you have to find it what the fuck does
she think I give her my card to pay
interesting signature she laughs
obviously having a go of my handwriting
uh-huh I hear a laugh by me you know
what they say about people with messy
handwriting I
grocery stores
