it's not where she should be we're gonna
shoot you but you know it's not what I'm
saying
I like the love bed it's a comfortable
bed I'm just saying I don't like how we
have to always have sex specifically in
the love bed it's strange and why is it
sakes always under the covers oh I can't
see kinky at all I mean you know we've
been going out for a long time you can't
have the look of slamming pixilated in
this world anyway not this bathroom
again what is with this I'm not dirty I
had a shower like five minutes ago I
have to have showers like six times a
day in this world and this music where
is he music we get it you don't even
like about the sim world the neighbors
they knock on your door you don't answer
they standing you garden for like five
minutes
strange I mean he left me in the game
it's to music eat you through the pizza
I don't know where to go home
you
