so I'm flipping through a magazine today
and I can't help but notice the before
and after photos that you always see why
does the person in the before photo
always look traumatized they never
looked just less attractive than the
after photo they look downright scared I
can't help but wonder what do they do to
those people in the before photo shoot
no just our tape hi sorry you use it
before and after photos okay hi I'm
Amanda we either start shooting the
before photos first I may need you to
sign these for me it's just not the air
report cool thank you can I have a look
at your purse
right now oh we got by the way I
your mom last night go
thanks so much that was perfect no look
there's a cup of tea down the hallway if
you need them you know I'm saying
they're right like I don't know but then
again what are they doing to the people
in the after photos because they look
hysterically happy thank you no way
probably like give them sex give them
sex here have some sex I don't know but
I'm you get my drift
sorry I'm just thinking cuz the people
may have two friends are like hey
because again that's what you look like
after you have sex apparently Hey
alright enough it's 3 o'clock in the
morning I'm a little bit tired
spitting you which I need to make an
announcement before I forget I have a
friend it's gonna bethe sound a bit
dodgy I have a friend who sorry let me
clarify it this is a real friend this
isn't like a friend who thinks your
heart this is you know I I have a friend
I should stop repeating I have a friend
it sounds like I'm trying to reassure
you that I have a friend I have a friend
who is a photographer and she is looking
to extend her portfolio so if you're a
model out there and you're like mate I
am such a good friend here I can't
believe I'm doing this
um if you're a model out there in your
night this house like ooh sounds like a
person and hold on I need to add some
music if you were more left there in
your room do
I have a friend who's a photographer and
she'd like to do it for me so he'd like
to leave me a message maybe with him get
in contact no um yeah if you are looking
to build extend your portfolio she would
like to take your pictures in a
non-creepy way I would be there with
biscuits and tea and it would be greatly
appreciated also another friend of mine
who sounds so and a friend of mine would
like naked pictures and your friend of
mine would like some chocolate no really
and a friend of mine is looking for a
young lady to play a stripper in a short
film they're making Wow I'm going to bed
it's 3:00 I'm a good friend but not that
good a friend
