hi guys this is a follow-up to how to
create fake abs this is if you feel like
a little bit more confident or a little
bit more insecure because you never want
to let people know what you actually
look like this is how to create a face
exact so gonna start off the same way we
did before with a loose powder what you
do is you just again dip it in as well
and we just want to work with the
natural contour of our body if you're
really fat me and I have to use a lot
more powder so we're just working it in
there and next we grab what everyone has
which is just the regular texture or
marker and we're going to just start to
shape and define the muscles so we're
gonna start here just gonna work it in
there and remember just more the more
you apply the more kind of muscular you
look and the more he'll - when you do
it's like I'm gonna be one in a bit
then we're gonna draw some muscles here
I mean I'm just gonna leave mine like
that because I don't like to be too
intimidating but another thing that you
can do if you can add some cleavage just
by drawing a line here and a little B at
the top and then you lightly dust it
over with a lighter powder this time
something lighter than your skin again
we're just going for very gentle very
natural and I mean if he doesn't like
you after he sees this then you're just
going to have to go back home and put
some more back okay and then we go
healthy and ready for summer
