hi I wanted to firstly say thank you to
everyone he was kind enough to send me a
message in regards to my health I am
feeling a lot better I am not pregnant I
got far too many messages inquiring as
to whether the possibility of having a
child growing inside of my uterus was
causing me to feel nausea I had
considered this and I would hope that
you guys would you know give me the
benefit of the doubt but obviously not
but it's okay because no one's ever
given me the benefit of the doubt
mommy's just going to go out for a bit I
want you to make sure that you drink the
water out of the bottle okay don't drink
anything else in the fridge okay
during that just coming maybe but on
those lines I actually had a an
ultrasound last week and the whole time
that I was lying there I was thinking
about all the really unprofessional bad
just yeah just bad jokes I would do if I
were an ultrasound technician having
some pain in the lower region as well
okay look there's no need to worry scary
or painless very papers believer but
don't you to lift up your shirt I will
start with the lower area right there
that coming up on the screen now that's
your stomach but is amazing technology
has come a long way hasn't it okay so
just in the lower areas right now
Oh looky there and I'd probably explain
a bit of the pain
all right come now this is fate what
it's just for footage should say Ã«well
eyes bulge out someone's been doing the
naughty and Sony joke baby in the boob
speaking of bad jokes I kind of need to
get this off of my chest because I have
nightmares about this honestly I do I
went for an interview with somebody and
I cracked a really bad joke I cracked
several but I would like you to explain
this one to him because I know that
somebody who watches me works with him I
he said to me thanks for taking the time
to come and see me and I was really
nervous because we were speaking for
like two hours and I found this a really
weird thing to say because obviously I
really wanted to see him so I responded
with oh that's all right
I told Brittany and then dude I was too
busy to see them tonight and he
responded with are they friends of yours
no I meant Britney Spears and Lindsay
Lohan is in where else would I be II bit
anyway that's all I have to say sorry
this video is I just wanted to say hi
trying to get in the habit and making
them once a week or once every two weeks
again Cortney bought me short Connie and
soon as I open these all I can think
about where how these are the shots that
you always see Americans wearing when
they go jogging in movies look I'm an
American jogger how awesome is that and
look 80 texts and that boy in June we
start making references but no I
understand I've never worked for me no
we go now
you
