hi so I don't usually go out and have
big night hello hey now you want to go
out tonight do I have to wear pants yeah
of course you have to wear pants why do
I got
fanta for losers but if a new season of
a TV show i watch drops oh shiz new
season of house of cards see you in two
days world then I have a huge night
because I pretty much end up binge
watching the entire thing in one sitting
oh it was so good nextstep next earth
next up next up next up big step and
whenever that happens it makes me think
if you can binge watch things can you
have a TV binge hangover oh my god
what happened last night next I can't
believe it
how did we go all the way hey so what
happened last night I texted you didn't
hear back we went all the way what you
just started I know I show but one thing
led to another and well was it good it
was so good how long 55 minutes each
time oh my god that must have hurt so
much what happened exactly
you know to be honest I kind of can't
really remember it all just kind of
started to blur to one I don't want to
upset you but do you think you might
have a watching problem could you then
have TV binge interventions yeah I mean
right I mean they say don't eat cookie
dough when you're a kid doesn't eat
cookie dough ice cream I mean are you
gonna get sick surprised no no we've
been through this not that kind of
surprise what is this this is kind of
like an intervention we thought it was
about time we talked to you about your
watching problem I don't have a watching
problem a first step to recovery is
admitting that you have a watching
problem you lie about how much you
watched you call in sick to work
sometimes just because you spent all
night binging and sometimes I call you
and you lie to me and you say I'm out
with friends but I know you're not I
know you're just at home by yourself
binge watching well that's how I think
partying and hangovers work I don't know
I don't really drink but on the odd
occasion I do appreciate a fancy dream
mineral water
ladida but do you guys ever binge watch
or are you one of those people who get
all maybe we should save a few more
episodes and that way we have something
to watch later cuz to that I answer you
know oh you still be like you I used to
just live life safely and now I just
think to myself what's wrong with a
little bit of fun what's wrong with a
little bit of danger are you adventurous
yeah do you like living by society's
norms no hey so let's do it
let's watch another episode okay yes
let's watch another episode yes let's
and let's kiss what'd you ruin
everything this was gonna be big for me
no I'm only joking
not really kiss me a human contact but
do enjoy watching some shows weekly but
I am a huge fan of doing the TV marathon
I'm watching things all the way through
yeah and now that Netflix has come to
Australia I pretty much guessing that
I'm going to be doing a lot more of this
yeah I'm very excited because this means
that Australia is finally catching up on
some things with the internet people
don't put guest books on their web sites
anymore what how do people know who
visits their website they must use the
counters on their websites website
counters they'll never go out of fashion
but let me know in the comments below
how do you guys consume your TV shows
are you a weekly kind of person you like
to save it up get excited or you like me
you inhale TV shows like other people
inhale air let me know below and
speaking of watching things thank you so
much for your comments on my last video
which is about you know the pressures of
when somebody lets you cross the road in
front of them moment to walk human to
run are you meant to just not think
about it definitely not make a youtube
video about it probably but thank you
for your comments about that also a few
of you keep asking me for Q&A videos and
I don't really do that kind of stuff on
my youtube channel but if you have a
Twitter I am going to put my username up
here and kind of matrix-like effects and
if you are if you follow me there I'll
ask in a few days I'll have a hashtag
like the young kids do and all that kind
of stuff and I'll do a Q&A video on
Twitter if that's okay yeah you can ask
me all the questions people always ask
me not how are you so good looking that
are you related to Eva Mendes not how
long
did you date Ryan Gosling for now what's
in that trapdoor behind don't ask me
about the trapdoor I just realized I
didn't want to end the video of me
screaming at you so I hope you guys are
really well and that you're having a
really good week bye okay it's funny
music / comment type and then of it I
love the way you think from now on in
life I'm just gonna move my arms like a
madman so that everyone thinks I'm
putting in a lot of effort and the noisy
spectator oh you don't know how much
this comment speaks to me when cars stop
and I don't mean to cross the road I
cross all the time it's like when people
pick up rubbish and they say is this
yours even if it's not I say yes and I
take it like a psychopath and yeah I
really should but I'm just getting so
sick of people telling me this I guess
this is one of these things you know
