hi I wanted to talk today about my
parents because I mentioned them in my
previous video and a few people messaged
me a question which I actually get asked
continuously so I thought I should
answer it people asked me what do your
parents think of YouTube and you know
yeah what are they even give you videos
and to answer this I firstly need to
explain to you the extent to which my
parents find you like any type of
Technology extremely confusing so much
so that they can't answer their phones
and if you think that's bad when they
were house-sitting for my sister she has
like an intercom she's I was standing
outside for angels trying to get into
the house
hey hello
mom dad hello if or it can you let me in
family where are you town says I'm
pressing the intercom you have to pick
up the phone and press the button and
let me in
I think she means we have to call her
mobile to let her inside and I know I
know what you're thinking you thinking
why don't you just change the ringtone
so that when you you know when the phone
rings you just put it doesn't work
because if a phone rings and it sounds
remotely like your traditional phone
like phone ringing whether it being in a
movie or tell it like on the television
no matter how many times I scream into
the TV they run to the house phone and
they won't turn them on Aaron okay so
basically my mom finds it a miracle that
I know how to attach things to an email
she makes me feel cool so yeah they
don't watch my videos but I tell you
what they have to witness me making
videos and I think people kind of take
the granted how very odd it is that I
talk to myself because I'm pretty sure
my mom yeah don't be silly that's
something
he's just another character yeah so in
short no they don't watch my videos but
they're probably very concerned about
pretty sure my mother thinks they do
porn
she'll come into my room and they'll
just be clothes everywhere and I'll be
changing in and out and about what are
you doing I'm making you just get out
for a moment so yeah sorry I was just
thinking about Caitlin not that Caitlin
has anything to do with porn but um
Caitlin's staying over which is going to
be pretty cool the hilly a in my bedroom
and I have a webcam but I could so take
advantage of this yeah just looking at
the camera little girl just look at the
camera and you can stay over tonight no
that's a bad joke don't do that
China banned YouTube which is so
disappointing on so many levels
yes it's very sorry to hear about that
it's it's just one of those things
that's so depressing you don't know what
to say about no because of the blogs I
think you know Bloods such a small part
of YouTube but just it's a bank of
information and to be cut off from those
yeah so on that thoroughly disappointing
note I'm going to upload a video of I
made for Tony a very long time ago
and I now put it up I'm gonna disable
the the raging things cuz it sucks but I
promised Tony
months ago that I would put up but I
know I did so I heart you Tony and I
heart everybody else
wow I don't know why I'm haunting
everybody I'm one of those girls now no
I have to do is do dance oh I can just
see the subscription I was dropping oh
my god she dances um so I will see you
guys soon hopefully in a few days I'll
try and post what I've actually when
Kaitlyn films which is tomorrow I mean
no work hmm I'll try and post one up
soon
let's just leave like that you know you
know you know gonna bring say I know I'm
talking to myself do you guys ever
consider how I feel I just walk around
all the time not talking myself like you
didn't do it before okay
