hi so I need to insert something here
this video is dedicated to Chloe and
yeah you asked for video so here it is
I'm so sorry that you're unwell and if
there were anything that I could do if
we could trade organs I told you you
know that you could have mine take them
in my sleep pretty sure I don't use
anything except my stomach but yes I
love you very much and I hope that you
get better soon and I'm gonna come visit
you straight after this so you asked me
to make a video about the difference
between men and women and I thought I
would just focus on women take is
probably crazy and I know I've spoken to
you about this before but how insane are
the women that they portray in
commercial ads of like sanitary products
are like hysterically happy so that you
can get along with the things you enjoy
try fresh
what kind of alternate universe do they
live in where it's like we're we're not
always doing yogalates and really happy
and just trying to get on with their
really athletic happy you vibrant days I
want to see a commercial lab that's real
I want to see an ad about women like VIP
of course something's brought if I say
nothing's wrong it's not nothing's wrong
I want you to ask me what's wrong as
everybody else is going to make me down
see that's an ad that I would understand
because it's like yeah
yogalates not so much screaming yeah
totally get that but anyway um and here
is something a comment about I get just
about being a woman quite often and
they're often you know reminiscent of
this woman because then people would
watch me and I would get everything that
I wanted yeah that wasn't a very manly
voice was it but it sounded weird when I
brought it down but anyway I don't know
what kind of again what world you people
are living in with women just get
everything they want because in
situations where it counts where you
really want you know this kind of magic
power we have as women to work it
doesn't
okay so you know I have a few concerns
of your essay you making a lot of claims
and you're not backing them up with any
kind of evidence and he quotes and
examples come on come on the character
Meghan is stupid
I'm sorry I was having a look break
haruna body anymore like you know of the
really fattening kind of milk double
cream kinda gives you a heart attack I
don't think so sure
come on just show me what the double
cream milk okay reckon buy some more
giant upgrades and the time that you do
actually get attention from you know
because you're a woman it's probably not
the kind of attention you want not only
this is Hugh here and Hugh like Hugh's
news the guy who won't stop messing I
was just wondering if you want to come
around and get a little freaky
yeah
sure what time so that's my random video
for today dedicated to you so there you
go I'm gonna come visit you now I think
I can so um no I think I can I will know
so thank you to Hugh by the way for your
video he's a very funny guy if you guys
haven't seen here than you should his
huge news and he's not as creepy as it
looks I'm gonna put up a little clip of
one of my favorite parts of his videos
um on here so you guys should check him
out he rocks and I don't know why he
doesn't have more subscribe and yeah
another thing sorry just quickly I get
messages from really young people on
here and I mean that's close but you
guys sound so stupid but you guys really
should make sure that your parents know
that you're watching strange girls on
the internet because it's if I had a
child I would want to keep my child away
from me not that I do funny things with
keeping our vegan home just gets deeper
and deeper I'm gonna stop this now so
check out you get better Chloe sorry
guys my head's dis Ben but I have ID now
and my I we lost my original birth
certificates which is why I literally
had nothing so see you guys soon fix
that right
this is LSD can you say that Billy yes
Raisa
tastes good Billy it tastes funny
oh really
you're never learn when you have LSD the
reason you're happiest
