hi um can I just
firstly say thank you guys so much for
the very sweet and very thoughtful
birthday messages I really wasn't
expecting any at all from you guys so to
get that mini was fairly good it was
really nice and put a big smile on my
face so thank you very much very nice of
you um I kind of have to admit though
that now that I'm 21 I'm coming I'm
trying to come to the realization that
certain things just aren't going to
happen naming me I'm not gonna grow any
taller I don't know if you guys remember
but when I was a kid they put us through
PD classes which stands for personal
development and they basically split up
the boys and the girls and they tell you
about puberty and the things that are
going to happen I guess it was to avoid
situations at home where parent's lie to
their kids about what's gonna happen
which is what my mom did to me every
single time well Bob yeah
oh the government gives them to us like
a tax return yeah you've got an
application form and then the baby comes
it's very complicated sweetie you
wouldn't understand - you're grown up
they're gonna play with the hole in the
ground very well very cold
so yeah they put you in payday classes
but the things I was told and you know
you'd be waiting in the classroom via
teacher to come in and teach you all
about puberty and all the changes do you
have a seven no I don't go fishing
it's go fish not fishing
so check attention three times over okay
I'm here to talk to about some of the
changes that your bodies can start to go
through some of you may know you're
experiencing some of these changes now
something that's gonna definitely happen
to you during puberty is you're gonna
have a growth spurt good it true yes I'm
gonna be tall maybe definitely there's
something about Asians that just never
mind sure you're gonna grow kiddo area
um so yes that never happened
I want to you Board of Education ooh I
got Joe's package from America so I'm
sorry this is where the video gets even
more boring than usual because I am
crazy at this if I opened it up on
stickam and I've showed you that later
cuz Taylor was really nice and he
recorded it for me but I want to show
you guys what I got I got graham
crackers which I have since lunch he's
not actually pronounced graham crackers
you guys pronounce them graham crackers
um I heard you guys call Holmes herbs
very I have a strawberry orange Nona and
look what they look like this it's like
astronaut kind of packaging kind of know
if you guys can see but that's dust like
powder and they make this into drinks
and look fruit punch so if I ever go to
a prom I can have fruit punch like they
do in the UC and um
peach tea I skate Oh
pink lemonade but he said that I can't
mix these ones because they're too big
to go into my water bottle I need what
do you call a pizza
I need a jug I think they're the same
okay a quart is just like the regular
size of that picture in the video I
showed you
that's just like you really can't mess
it up it's really hard to make them
don't pour it in there oh my gosh that
is way too small okay that looks like
the amount of water you need for the
on-the-go packet of course do not pour
it in there and I have to do a shout out
to something that I've forgotten her
name I'm really sorry I'm I would I
would like to say that this is a problem
that has been confirmed by medical
people but it's just me
I reckon that my mother just enough
oxygen
but um you work with Brian and I'm
really sorry I forgotten you I suck was
it'll no I'm not even try because I
always remember the wrong name I'm sorry
but hello I'll give you a proper shower
name I suck I can go by
