hi um I actually want to share a
resolution with you guys because for
some reason when I tell you guys
something on here I feel very guilty
that I've told you and I feel like I
definitely need to follow up so these
holidays I've decided that I am going to
get feet and please don't misunderstand
me I don't mean thin I mean fit like
healthy like I'd like to be one of those
people you know when you drive past in
the morning at some ridiculous hour and
they're jogging it's just like are you
doing I'd like to be one of those people
I'd like to feel like the heart isn't
gonna stop ticking when I climb stairs
yes it all started like this I was
watching television and watching those
you know those made infomercials that
are on time you need
wham-bam to get rid of the dirt the scum
and you don't even want to know what
that you have in your bathroom and then
one of things can you need abdun tomato
and the new abdun tomato does everything
p1 and more fries see these ads appeal
to me and I can't explain it any more
than when I was a kid and I was in a
playground annoys me a situation and I
just been stronger and I've been able to
find bread I really wasn't trying to
offend you at all I've been really you
could have all my buddy if you want
those really bad either remember you and
beat you up and learned y'all beat you
up shoving bin and you and you after I
show you then yeah
bub I told you to leave me load with i
with school sorry
Oh fight sweetie so these ants have
always been good ad to me and they're
pretty much gonna work
that's a look he's Denise and she's on
the ad to the mayor how does that feel
that's great that's great
Oh feels good she says and you feel any
strain no and if you get one you can
look as good as we do pick up the phone
so I got one it's it's a new urge that
I've had and I've been doing it for a
few days now but it's getting at the
point but what I want to do something to
do would usually just scoff down it it's
a whole guilt trip someone will always
leave go through now why do they do this
ah that'll undo all the good effort that
you've just put in just I think you need
to concentrate on looking after you
leave her alone just eat one every time
you don't eat one of those a kid is
dying in the world because of starvation
and you assume your conservation whether
you should eat great food
those are holy Oh do the barbecue want
it tastes good it doesn't work like that
you don't even care about the starving
people I care about the starving people
shoes starving people hey you will feel
better in the morning
if you don't eat these yes yes I will
yeah
but when I woke up this morning this
happened
yeah I think it's gonna take a while to
get used to but I told you guys so I'm
definitely gonna have to keep this up
now so that's good
oh sorry I I do that in real
conversations as well it's not very good
um Joe who made a video with Elizabeth
for me of the mill from gone with the
wind which was very cool thank you guys
so much
Joe is sending me a package I'm so
excited because I hope my birthday's on
the 24th so I'm hoping that the package
arrives kind of from you there but
Joey's sending me graham crackers from
America graham crackers I don't know
what these are they sound so good
because I've read about them and you use
them to make smalls which sound divine
and go very much against this whole
video of me being healthy but you know
they're from America who might a snob
foreign you know foreign foods
oh and he's sending me how to lemonade
how did love need we don't have powered
lemonade here I feel like another
country has electricity and here we are
with our little juices kind of you know
ah so excited about this powder lemonade
really I'm hanging out for a Joe so
thank you very much I've sent you your
package so hope you get that as well um
yes I'm gonna go now
have fun at seven seven seven guys have
a lot of fun don't show up on the wrong
day cuz everything Rosie yeah maybe then
makes a mean lot of stuff to know and
I'm good
abs of steel okay I'm pumping iron up
coming yeah
