hi sorry it's just me a quick video but
I really wanted to reply to a comment
that or a few comments left in my last
video user named heifer Q you got really
frustrated at the fact that I have the
word component up on my TV screen and a
lot of you dude you would like to turn
to just press the Display button and
turn it off and it made me love because
it made me remember how frustrated you
get when you watch someone doing
something and you just you just want to
fix it so sometimes my mom will come
into my room because she wants to type
an email and I'll sit by and I'll watch
her time this email and I don't know
about you guys but a thing that drives
me absolutely up the wall is when
someone's typing and they type in really
slowly and they can't find a letter on
the keyboard and they spend this really
long time trying to find it and you
watch me and you I know which one you
want and I can see it but you can't tell
them because it's rude but you're like
Jesus it's there it's there cuz you see
it it's there and they find filing up
then you realize that this times past
and your mum's only written like four
line so I'm kind of guessing that that's
what it's like for you guys when you
watch me watching telly with the little
component thing on very frustrating but
but see we used to have a unit movie we
used to have a universal remote control
and it used to have a display button on
it so I know what you guys are talking
about but this is the remote control
that came with the television and that's
all that I have left
and there's no display button on it so
I'm going to show us still of this at
the end of the video and the first
person who figures out how to turn off
the component display I will be
eternally grateful and I will send you
something
owner something Erin I'm going to show
this video now cuz I'm just rambling I
saw a woman with a pillow mark on her
face and we were out in public and I
don't know how long the pillow and I can
be there for okay bye I'm no square I'm
honored I'm awake
I'm aware
I am always on the scene making the
rounds digging the sounds I read Playboy
magazine
cuz I'm hip I dig I'm in Stefan
