I have a bandage on my hand today and
for those of you who watch my videos
from dead dot and haven't died of
boredom would know that I am very
neurotic about certain things very
obsessive-compulsive and one of the
things well a few of the things I'm
absolutely crazy about hands cleanliness
and germs so this bandage makes me feel
dirty because it collects dirt and
that's another story now you know so um
so this is what it's like inside of my
head it's basically washing my hands
it's just what I do when I wake up in
the morning I wash my hands I've eaten
something I wash my hands
basically when I have nothing else to do
I'll wash my hands so I'm always very
paranoid about whether other people wash
their hands just as often as I do it
causes a lot of problems sorry I haven't
introduced you guys Hawaii you guys have
met um Melissa this is Natalie Natalie
is Melissa hi it's really nice to meet
you it's nice to meet you okay so let's
pause it right there see I see a germ
and I see another job I see lots of
germs so when you sprinkle some germs
add some onions and cheese some
mushrooms and ask me to shake your hand
yeah I know that's totally nuts and
absolutely rational and I I just don't
know why I do that I've always noticed
webbing bits the world isn't germ-ridden
place I just and I know it I know no one
else knows it but I do do I have a
problem are you high I deserve this
turn the bag yeah so it comes to 3595
Thanks
oh that's okay I do need change
yeah okay so pause it you see this coin
right here the black one yeah that coin
it used to be color at this point it's a
dick this coin company logo of that coin
I know totally nuts
don't ask me just take a change the same
thing happens to me when I pull over
tools
yes I know absolutely crazy yeah that's
right smear it into my hand yeah there
we go
I know I know I know I shouldn't get
angry I shouldn't get angry at these
people because everyone touches money
and there are germs everywhere Natalie
there are germs everywhere Natalie there
are germs on your body so you will have
the shower there a germ that way you can
washing your hands gonna make you clean
Natalie it's either you wash your hands
germs up in your hands again Natalie
yeah yeah I know but I tell my shrink
all the time
it's getting better
