hi um yes I know I know I didn't make a
video I said I would I'm sorry peace but
look I'm at home now which means that I
can make videos a lot more frequently so
I do apologize
can I just get something quickly of my
chest though before I start that is when
I did my Australian video I got a lot of
people commenting and sending me
messages saying you you're not
Australian fuck off you stupid oriental
wallah okay I'm going to call my itself
Australian if not only for the fact that
I was born here raised here speak the
language quite fluently as far as I know
and I study the language and I was going
to teach the language um if it's not for
those reasons and it's because I copped
a lot of shit as a kid for being Asian
like a lot of it wow I can see you know
when your kid used to this weird thing
where you guys pretended to be
characters off a TV show yeah I know
that's weird
I mean this is what used to happen sing
you a song Power Rangers so Tony you can
be the Black Power Ranger yes Danny give
me the white Power Ranger awesome
yes nothing you can be a yellow Power
Ranger I'm gonna be the pink Power
Ranger but I don't want to be the Yellow
Ranger can I be the pink ranger instead
please get over to believe no is the
yellow power is Chinese if you're not
going to be the yellow ranger that we
can't play okay okay another planet yeah
guys are the yourens
de vino' superior yes fire
Natalie intimidation and I'm going to be
wind I don't want to be her I always
have to be her everybody the Asian when
it's the Chinese one
I brought Chinese if you don't want to
be her then you can be the little boy
who has the monkey all the time but he
always have that but he's Chinese
fine I'll be her water so yes I was
always the yellow Power Ranger I was
always the yellow Captain Planet person
whenever people at school would come up
to me and say oh my god do you know you
look like Lucy Liu actually you also
learn I think of in cochin times I
didn't drink I was nice about it so you
know what you internet trolls can go
screw yourselves and I want to call
myself a strain and you can just deal
with it
