hi I just wanted to let you know Boheme
that Australians have a few stereotypes
about Americans ourselves firstly you're
all either really nice
oh you're all pretty dangerous if we
happen to step foot on your porch
you ain't coming anywhere near my land
or you all need extremely glamorous and
dramatic lives I love a man with an
eyepatch and as a personal lover and
fangirl of Vegemite if we're going to
get nasty here well I'm just gonna have
to say mate you got nine hats in the
background but anyway so I'm gonna leave
you with a bit of a clip of my love
affair with Vegemite and wish you today
did i disappoint you or let you down
should I be feeling guilty but let the
judges from because I saw the end before
we'd begun yes I saw you blood and I
knew I'd swatch a quartz mine by tunnel
right took your soul out into the night
it may be over but it won't stop I am
here for you if you don't
