hi so in my head when I eat food it
looks like this what the hell I only
have one when in reality without being
conscious I've done this my god I love
Pringles what the hell I only had one
and because I can't stop eating copious
amounts of food I have to do the thing
where you distance yourself from the
food to get these away from me movement
but for some reason simply moving food
further away from me doesn't work so I
have to continually try and make it
harder for myself to get to the food
don't come back
why it's like no matter what I do to
hide this food for myself I will try
even harder to get it back into four to
six digits okay hello hey Jodi I have a
job for you Oh NAT thank you the bills
have been piling up I've been looking
everywhere but there is no work out
there for and what no no no I I meant I
meant like a job to do like a fun job
like a mission impossible job I locked
some popcorn into a safe and I put laser
beams everywhere you have to come and
get it with me again again why would you
word it like that you know I'm
unemployed you know it's been really
stressful I haven't been how to find a
job you know that I've been just so so
boring this is why you don't have a job
come come come help me alright so first
things first we have to get through the
maze of laser beams and why are you so
much bigger than I am it says here not
to scale see why you're freaking out for
details we get through the laser beam
maze then we crack the unknown code and
inside the safe booyah the food is there
you can have some then we sell this and
it becomes oceans 14 no one is going to
buy this and make it a one B it says
right here movie right spending this is
completely avoidable you can buy another
bag of popcorn you can shut your face
I'm going in pain at you should do that
but thing that Catherine zeta-jones does
in entrapment I a with the but you just
say that to a right through is it
usually like that writer it's just so
much space you how big is her but yeah
you can do a push up in this thing this
is crazy
yeah you're just up and down man like a
block yeah I'm pretty up and down
athletic build
they call it mmm yeah more like a pencil
I guess like a pencil like a sharp
pencil
I don't know pencils kind of got like a
curve at the bottom like the eraser part
okay what about what about a worm a worm
Oh worms okay yeah but look like a
female worm right yeah sure female 1 Oh
God
awesome wait a minute the pin beep beep
beep beep I think I got it yes booyah
I'll go say I'm pretty impressed with
what the it's empty I only had one piece
do you not remember how you just ate
that no how did I eat it
see I don't even know if that's an
exaggeration but if a phone rings just
slightly out of reach we'll never know
who that is you know are you guys the
same because I'm very conflicted about
how much energy I'll spend hiding food
that I'm just gonna go find again but
anything else in life that's important
mere forget about it
someone's at the front door I don't care
they can kick it down if it's important
there's food involved I'll be on the
next plane no worries yeah if it's well
used
but yeah sorry I don't know what this
video is about it's me telling you that
I eat a lot of food but I know that you
know that so
thanks Internet what would we do without
the internet probably a lot of
productive work see other people go
outside have meaningful relationships
sounds awful thanks Internet and also
sorry speaking of the inter if you
visited my site and ordered some shirt
I'm sorry we had a freaky last two weeks
where we sold out of all the shirts like
twice over so I'm about two weeks behind
on orders I'm really sorry but I'm
trying my best to get them out to you so
thank you for that and thank you guys
for leaving comments on my last video
which is about the awkward gap in change
room curtains and there was my very
awkward Valentine's Day video which did
a lot better than my other videos thanks
for letting me know YouTube probably
because I wasn't in it but I will let
you guys go because this video is it's
over I hope you guys have a wonderful
week stay well you know don't go outside
too much because that's what fit people
do and if someone gives you a high-five
don't leave them hanging because that's
the devil's work see you then
bye okay it's pointing music / comment
time and I'm going to have to tag-team
this one with the last two videos
comments so Reese McDonald's Arden view
change room gap is stressful even for
people who are hung like the line take
it from me the bottom gap is stressful
think about it and
yeah I will wear this one guys you I
yeah I deserve that and gonzo I'm
flattered that you think I would shave
my legs in winter I'm kind of fancy
escort do you think I am and now on to
the Valentine's Day video you know what
Patrick a picnic pretty much just
doesn't qualify as a romantic for me
because it insinuates you have to go
outside and Joe I didn't think the
tattooed bear was the hottest I was kind
of going for the bear in the bed but
maybe because it was being suggestive
and what kind of Asian my god we're not
all the same I'm the kind of short asian
girl with black hair who spends a lot of
time in front of the computer you know
meaning like that big though
