hi I'm sorry I haven't posted a video in
a couple of days I was feeling kind of
under the weather truth be known I felt
like I was going to it yesterday
but I went to work today so everything
is fine now um no but to all my new
subscribers hello and you guys are all
fairly new to YouTube so if you need any
help with anything I'm not very good but
if you need me help them just send me a
message and I'll try and help you if I
can otherwise I'll try and find the
answer for you but yeah um so a couple
of people asked me again I I know I said
it in one of my other videos briefly but
a couple of people kept asking me what
I'm studying
I'm studying education I commissioned an
arts degree so I was going to be an
English and history teacher but the
problem is that I don't know I'm having
second thoughts I figured that if I ever
became a teacher there's two types of
teachers I would become one is the evil
bitch because you guys know there are a
couple of things I can't handle one of
them are those kids who sniffles Monica
come here
you ever heard one of these before key
take it
it's disgusting
detention right way yeah yeah I know
that's hard but God we have to be so
patient
Amy spell your name for me
why why why do you how old are you I
could spell my name at your age you know
what my name is it's Natalie do you know
how many letters they into no of course
you don't fail oh and this god help me
the day I make one of these kids but the
reality is I'll probably be one of these
kind of teachers hi sir is actually
wondering if you could tell me is this
the maths class for you five piss off
you four-eyed freak okay I think I just
looked too young to be a teacher I think
that at the moment I look like I'm 12 I
have difficulty getting into some movies
you guys like I have a ticket to go and
see well show us your ID
mate I'm 20 yeah and I'm Angelina Jolie
but thank you to people for my video
responses I really liked the you could
be in a movie response it was very funny
to the hill 88 mate thanks for
subscribing um yeah sorry this video
can't be very long guys I'm kind of
throughout the video I am melting into a
blob um yes
sorry I'm feeling still kind of feeling
a bit I have work tomorrow so I hope you
all had a good day it's bloody hot here
at the moment it's awful weather but um
yes I hope the mozzies don't bite you
guys I hope to see you all soon make
videos people I love watching videos
hope you guys don't mind but I internet
stalk you guys that's kind of scary but
I go through my subscribers list and if
you have no videos and I find comments
that you've made yeah it's kind of odd
but I love it anyways see you guys later
hopefully I die tonight
