hey guys this is another got-dang mother
God
housekeeping videos um yes I did make
one earlier but it ran for 45 minutes
and I didn't think I could be that cruel
to you and and take advantage of your
kindness so I won't post that one up
this is as quick as I can make this one
um first off to Jap flair you said that
you believe in you freckle spot on the
head indicates that something bad is
gonna happen and I believe you because
I'm the kind of person who watch a
documentary on some kind of illness or
disease or something and when I
described the symptoms all of a sudden I
have them you can identify this rare
disease if your heart starts to beat in
a regular manner your throat becomes dry
and you get a temperature you start to
sweat
if you feel these symptoms beware you
may die so the latest thing are that I
have a fascination with is tapeworm
because I watched a one-hour documentary
on tapeworm yeah
I know how that sounds Aaron I watched a
one-hour documentary on tapeworm and
this woman had tapeworms hatching eggs
in her brain so they're slowly eating
away at your brain and this was because
someone had served her food without
washing their hands which is something
I'm extremely and yes but her symptoms
were very common they were just a
headache and stomach pains so now every
stop every time some of my family has
stomach pains or a headache I
automatically say it's tapeworm
it's definitely table so they go in and
got annoyed at that so I'll stop talking
about tapeworm now anyway to thresher
top I can't play the violin for you guys
because I suck for where I am at the
moment I should be much better but yes
but let's say and a username called I
heart music Kwan Kia play the violin so
perhaps we can bully them into playing
for us to Altech 85 I do want to see
happy feet actually I'm not really big
into seeing cartoons but the preview for
happy feet made me laugh I don't know
they don't make cartoons as good as they
used to I don't know if you guys saw
these but the lion king and alladin were
really good like they're the best
cartoons I've ever seen
because Aladdin was my cartoon crush I
don't know if you guys ever had a crush
on a cartoon character I know that
sounds so old and so wrong on many
levels actually that's a load of
bollocks
I reckon everyone has a crush on a
cartoon character sometime in their life
mostly in their childhood mine was on
Aladdin he was hot when he's walking
down the road he's like riff rat
straight red I don't buy that and I was
like I can be your Jasmine anyway um I
also liked Spike was his name spike from
Captain Planet the guy with the red hair
I don't think that was his name anyway
um - code monkey cheers for the message
today it's dj''q - k2 I look forward to
seeing you too
videos I hope though that I haven't made
out that Tim Tams and Vegemite have Milo
and pies are the best things on the
planet I mean they are but you guys
might not necessarily agree with that
and I don't want to make you
disappointed because I was disappointed
when I ate Oreos for the first time it
wasn't good um - LM JDK I'm sorry that I
speak rather quickly I understand that I
can be quite difficult to understand
especially if English is your second
language I'm difficult to understand if
English is your first language um but if
it makes you feel any better when I
speak outside I usually don't talk this
clearly I heard you talk like this
because because people outside can
understand that that yeah
ah so I do apologize - Duke fuck them
I'm sorry that I say sorry so - matrix
83 69 my boyfriend's not lucky at all he
has to deal with this - cat litter I
liked your little picture there but the
mustache on her finger - Fred add one -
for the whole phenomenon of finding
pockets in my pyjama trousers was enough
to keep me up all night to be honest I
was I wanted to utilize this newfound
function on my trousers so I was lying
in bed putting my hands in my pockets
yeah feels all right taking them out it
just kept me up all night
um but to find out that you guys
actually go out use them for wallets and
whatnot is amazing phenomenal um sleep
185 thank you for your advice on doing
all-nighters I am think though if I ate
all of the food that you said and topped
it off with some soft drink I would
explode
like a lemming to guillotine calamity
and spike a t1d
Happy Thanksgiving to you guys - I'm
sorry I didn't say Thanksgiving to you
guys did I I think that a large majority
of my subscribers celebrate Thanksgiving
I am I wicked it can you use wiki in a
past tense I repeat it and I found out
that Thanksgiving is when you guys
celebrate that the cellebrite celebrate
is when you guys celebrate the end of
your harvest season and your pilgrims
are especially thankful to an Indian for
teaching them how to catch eel and grow
crop so it sounds like a pretty cool
holiday and Happy Thanksgiving
rather the lazy but anyway um - curse
Mac 546 what does your name mean cycle
view and writing who said I need more
sleep I agree to bold dog the Santa
Clauses hideous I don't like the fact
that you like that Santa Claus give me a
dress I'm gonna send you all of our bad
Christmas decorations um - Tetsuo llamo
I don't think my mum buys ugly things
because she loves me I think she
despised them because she thinks they're
pretty she dad was there the new James
Bond movie does look bloody good and
spreader and Strutters confirm this so
I'll have to watch it it comes out on
December the 7th which is very soon -
peach 4:08 I haven't actually heard of
those movies which you mentioned but I
look forward to seeing them when they
come out um big thank you to a Demetri
for your videos always do me good laughs
and to meet G 79 are you allowed to go
to church wearing pajamas I mean I
suppose people in church can't really be
just actually I'm not even gonna touch
religion so I won't even say anything at
all but it's interesting that you go to
church just like that - Cobra sounds
like a pretty funny dream you had I
actually laughed really laughing
thank dream 2p black stir
sleep-deprivation
rocks until you have to make videos and
then better it make any sense in example
um - okie 1981 my favorite voice -
Aussie with 3 s's I did understand the
plot of the prestige I find it rather
odd the East you accuse me of not
understanding the film just because I
didn't like it the problem with the film
as I understood the plot when there was
still another hour to go the big twist
which was really obvious um so yes I did
understand the film I'd like died I
dislike a lot of films but I do
understand them so yes - baby got you
forever
- legend the knowledge in w7 yes Hugh
Jackman is Australian he used to play
the Boy From Oz when my baby my baby
smell
thank you - Nadia twinkle I don't think
I can send you Milo in a clear sashay I
think that's rather dodgy I think if I
did that the Crime Squad would show up
to my house the next day and be like man
and what is this substance that arrest
me and I don't think you want that well
I hope you don't want that so we might
have to rethink that plan - profound
insanity I can play the fiddle back
there but I'm afraid you call it a
violin
I understand where you're going yes
sorry
that might have sounded rude hello I
didn't mean to be rude four thousand
something um - just for fun I don't know
if Sookie is a Japanese name I don't
even know why I called Suki Suki Suki is
- see - first Jean - no both my parents
are get them is someone said to me why
do you say your parents you get a means
because it gets very difficult I don't
know where people like me a meant to
stand you know - Australian people I'm
getting me two Vietnamese people I'm
Australian it's just do me an identity
mountain so you know - Christy bug seven
eight zero three in an honour is being
way you rock to your friends booty
dancing made me feel like a bit of a
pervert and I didn't want to feel like a
pervert but right I'm only joking and my
jokes aren't very funny today just do
tell I can't believe you rearrange your
books by color so it is so dis tattoo
your Yama that's very odd how do you
remember the color of your books
wouldn't the majority of them fall into
black don't play on my OCD man - Sydney
CSI it's quite possible that you've seen
me somewhere before
today is Sunday I didn't see anyone with
a grey shirt and striped pants so wish
you would leave those freaky comments on
my page but I talk to a lot of strangers
on the train and I've worked quite a few
jobs I'm a bit of a retail slot so I'm
so if you tell me where you think you
might have seen me I might be able to
have to fill you in - super - 4 0 9 8 6
I most certainly am washing watching
washing I am washing but I'm also
watching the ashes series
unfortunately the English I believe are
doing quite well at the moment - tell me
Tommy - no problem being confused with
English I have no problem making use of
English it's just that I get confused
quite often and there are more English
speaking nations than just England in a
marathon one's good Australia it's the
bestest country in the world no I'm
tired so I'll stop this now sorry
