hey guys um I'd like to say a big thank
you cheers to all my new subscribers yes
thank you for subscribing except to Jenn
age 312 you said you subscribe because I
suck so much
not good reasoning mate and I don't
recommend it
it'll just not be good for you anyway
dr. o commented in his last video that I
should go to the psych ward of a closeby
hospital to deal with some of the mental
issues that I have which is very funny
believe it or not I actually have I am I
have a few issues if you guys haven't
noticed so I used to go to the psych
ward at a hospital but this actually
happened to me and it really freaked me
out at the time because I was extremely
sensitive and this really freaked me out
so I'm not poking fun at the psych ward
because I am a regular attender who I
was but this actually happened and it
kind of freaked me out
did I hey little girl you can see don't
cry dude oh yeah poverty needs she must
be a good doctor that hey Darcy Moscow
look at my staff oh wow that's a very
big scar yes time ladies magazine man
children's whole family under Adam
same-same I'll be here
yes so I hope none of you think I'm not
sorting by the way it's probably not a
good thing to say after I just said
please don't me if I'm not username ish
you're making fun of my bedsheets who
said they were ugly now I received a lot
of odd comments and a lot of criticisms
but that one mate
bugger off my mum bought those for me I
know they're not particularly attractive
but she's bought far uglier things my
Santa for example anyway I gotta show
you guys some of the new stuff she's
bought um what was I gonna say I've
received a lot of comments about pyjama
trousers and you're all saying that the
Java trousers have pockets in them so
you can carry your wallet etc when you
go shopping you guys go shopping in your
PJs you're not allowed to do that here I
mean you can but people are going to
think you come I suppose you can run
down to a shop and grab some milk but
you've got to be pretty thirsty for the
milk you know like you it's got to be a
pretty desperate situation I suppose you
know maybe run to the video shop but ya
know you don't I don't really see it to
be honest I don't really see it in fact
if you go out in your pyjama trousers in
Sydney was like this is what if your
reaction like what the reaction is going
to be
although I did have a friend who came
over from America and said that you guys
like will actually go out in your
pajamas which is rather odd which
possibly I think those pajamas in
America must be a lot nicer I I
sometimes shop online and get clothes
from America I do notice that your
pajamas are actually quite attractive
but yes pajamas are for home we're in
Australia as far as I'm concerned
um now toe tonic thank you very much for
your video
unfortunately I can't accept your
proposal of marriage because you're
English and we are versed in you guys in
the credit at the moment and we are
kicking your asses um yes and my
boyfriend would get severely pissed off
um speaking of which actually not really
speaking of which but anyway I don't
know why I said that I like to have
connecting things to my next sentences
anyway I have so many shout out to do
but em still 2:24 won't let me do
shoutouts by the way I actually found
out that a lot of my my subscribers have
commented on different people's penis
but they don't like my shout out videos
damnation which is a shame because I
thought you guys would enjoy shout outs
with me saying thank you not that I'm
anything special but you know I
appreciate it when I get shoutouts um so
I'm sorry to hear you guys don't like
them I will have to find a way to do
them
that satisfies both sides so yes I'm
sorry do you guys really hate the
shoutouts I know they're boring to watch
I'm sorry yes thank you - speaking of
shoutouts so one person did ask me to do
a shout-out specifically so I can't read
my handwriting the bucket username Jenny
1188 that's all I'm gonna do today
because I feel rather awful that you
guys don't like a shout out um that's
all I really have to say except for the
mozzies at the moment of pissing me off
I don't know if you guys get this you
know mozzies at nighttime and they bite
you and you get so itchy at nighttime
that you wake up with emojis and their
buzzer engineering anyway
it's summertime do I have OCD quite
possibly I think so that's the next
thing I'm ready to get choked out
sorry I know this is disappointing to
everyone who just subscribed my
apologies
