I don't know if you guys do this but
every now and then I'm like I'm gonna
change where everything in my room is so
that I can so I can wake up in the
morning for a little bit better because
everything is you know in a new spot I
don't know if you guys do that I do that
I'm very stressed at the moment cuz my
room is extremely messy because this
happened I move one thing in my room one
thing and then I realize I can't move
anything else cuz I'm to wait because
everything I bought is too heavy huh
this desk stupid desk in this bookshelf
hmm water can't even move that don't
even talk about the tallboy yeah why is
everything gonna be wood hardwood why
why my parent is like you should just
empty your bookshelf I'm gonna empty my
bookshelf lots of empty my bookshelf you
guys put me in boxes in no particular
order
no oh yeah no good bloom alphabetical
order that's fine you know I'm gonna
bring me nonfiction yeah it's fine but
at least give me some direction books
has to be in some order how are you
meant to find them otherwise
sorry my room is messy
