welcome to a housekeeping video
guillotine climb he asked me why do I
call them housekeeping videos I call in
housekeeping videos because they're the
videos in which I maintain things I kind
of just give out my shoutouts and I say
thank you soon I answer questions so if
that doesn't sound appealing to anyone
then you can stop when you see the word
housekeeping um and as Amstel 224 put it
yes just okay so first off thank you
very much to Asian flavor and Bhutanese
guide for your video responses you guys
are a top notch um yes I was very
intrigued to hear that home from MySpace
was a wanker hmm you'll have to tell me
more about that
sorry that was awfully rude of me
um okay so what was I saying yes you'll
have to tell me about MySpace have to
tell me about the party and you'll also
have to show us okay
um thank you to Bhutanese guy I really
enjoyed the fact that the video you made
of me had the word wanker and big
fluorescent riding right next to my head
should had an arrow but um yes I really
enjoyed the fact that that was the
screen shot thank you very much
I didn't realize I used so much ozzie
slang but I realized just as a few
mention that that I receive a lot of
kind of messages with words that say
like a mate and tosser and wanker etc
I'm wondering are you guys just doing
this because it's to me anyway um yes
peach 4:08 do I think Justin Timberlake
is hot no not really
because he seems very you know confident
I don't know I don't know him um but
yeah eighty aegis looks a bit off
himself
I kind of prefer guys who are a bit more
subtle about it then I tell you what
I'll tell you who my first
of course it was a movie stuff
it was Gregory Peck
secrets right shouldn't have done that
okay so roll of shoutouts thank you to
WH you is Kas thank you to barredout 99
thank you to Jo B except don't I'm not
gonna thank you for calling this brown
coconut JA speaking of which it's red
wine 65 Aaronson see Vinny dust MC
Joseph ve you but b ey us Ilene 888 and
mr. clevis what do you mean what is
Vegemite we're checking your blue here
what what no yes
don't know what you mean famous you
traitor
anyway let's not get into that and Basco
it most certainly does not smell like a
death
Vegemite has a very strong I just vet
yes Vegemite has a strong smell it's a
distinct smell gets not dead
what an awful thing to say okay thank
you to blonde chick 80 webcam fan I use
a Macintosh an apple and and it has
built-in iSight camera and I use a
program called iMovie HD which I only
feed out how to use properly well about
a week ago
really so anyway thank you to pink co-op
who asked me what and so did food nice
guy asked me what the origins of the
word clip could ask me the origins of
you know my
and asked me where the word community
channel where the phrase community
channel originated I won't go into that
because it's a bloody boring story and
I'm sure none of you are interested yes
sorry thank you - monkey claw you ask me
do I really own a Cliff Richard CD and
speaking of which dr. gerbils pointed
out the fact that sorry I'm talking
really fast cuz there's a terminal limit
and I have so much to say yes I'm sorry
you can stop watching ask me why I put
bath under because technically it should
be under chain that is true but then
Mozart has to go into a Corelli has to
go into something else hiding us to go
into something else it's very kind of
yeah basically composers always go by
their second their surname
so I composers in South tracks are my
two exceptions thank you - not there -
post what kind of milk did I drink in my
Milan videos I drink whole milk of
course I don't like skim milk skim milk
tastes like tastes like water it just
tastes like water um thank you to
Crystal in 1987 chocolate mush is close
enough to Milo I suppose I heard you
guys don't have Tim Tams by the way
famous inform me that perhaps I should
educate you guys about team cams you
really not have Tim Tams I tried to find
some but I ate them all the other day so
I find it was moving onto a new block of
chocolate Tim time it's Tim turns out of
that Club um thank you - CryEngine
here's your Chad
hello CryEngine thank you - Kasia do Chi
thank you - Nadine I know three and
avocado green now I mentioned in my
other housekeeping video was there
video possibly that um I live in a
pretty rough neighborhood and it's kind
of funny because a couple of days after
that happened I woke up one night and
there were three cop cars outside my
house let's not get into that um yeah
they immediately jumped to the fact that
I live in the western suburbs that is
true do I live in Bankstown a node for
those of you who don't live in Sydney
this is kind of what Sydney looks like
there's the city where everyone comes to
meet here is the north the people in the
north of rich here's the east people in
the East Ridge who is the West where I
live
we're dangerous and here is the south
where Krispy Kreme is the first Krispy
Kreme was located so if you ever come
into Sydney don't catch a train into the
Western line by yourself really no I
like the West don't get me wrong but um
yeah it's a bit dangerous in the West um
yes thank you to Danish Gomer who eats
Nutella with a spoon as you should I eat
Milo with a spoon but I didn't want to
show you guys because that's kind of
disgusting um thank you to Dave was
there until it also tastes great on
crepes best pair if I ever had was in
France tater great thank you to JAV
thank you to make dogee burger I love
the fact that your name is McDonough
burger um thank you to some Angie Thank
You spike 81 day thank you to area sensi
and thank you to whoever told me that I
have a crush on Jimmy tear and asked me
if I hadn't had an intimate affair
we should we tell no not to my knowledge
I don't even know if she be Terriers a
man or a woman sorry I'll stop doing
this oh you know if she retail was a man
or a woman I prefer to know the sex of
someone before I have an affair with
them but no she retailers just funny
humans
what's that Ted comment on your profile
me you know um Thank You Tube beams that
send me - thank you - enemy tree 74
I'm sorry super target 76 so I call it
Super Target Center
oh no I called you oh um thank you to
prom the u.s. zero thank you to Danny J
I apologize for calling you Daniel thank
you - roster on this is for you but the
guys I have a Boston had a Boston Red
Sox hat I am from America oh I'm from
Boston I parked the Carly so that's an
Australian me let's pop the car we drop
our hours and we flatten out a so it
sounds exactly the same
um this is my New Yorker accent for ruff
for Robert sorry look says Red Sox don't
know what the hell that means but anyway
um this is my New York accent hey George
George get in the twat I heard it on TV
that's the phrase I heard exactly so um
yes thank you - exposure ex-girl X thank
you - Glade 20 - thank you - Karl who is
in EU and evil f91 one who is from
Dublin wife one of my favorite movies
the one that I didn't mention was the
commitments
I loved the commitments commitments - um
yeah
here is my Irish accent I think it was
you who asked it was shocking I didn't
actually realize an Irish person would
ever watch my videos but um I'll do you
a line from the commitments
don't you understand man the Irish the
Black Sea unit the Dublin's there's a
blacks of Ireland and then he says
something else
yes I never taught an Irish person watch
ah yeah that was shocking see you guys
had like a million burn accents now
thank you - hey Josh thank you - germs
and thank you to white knight 1907 and
that's all I have written down at the
moment so I'm sorry if you deserve a
shout-out please tell me on this video
if you deserve a shout-out and you
didn't get one and I will give you one
you
