hi this is a video yes I don't know why
I say that it's quite a kind of I'm kind
of a knob oh sorry
anyway let's move along a mummy d yes
you're absolutely correct you haven't
occurred to me that people can always
watch my videos but not comment I'd do
it all the time to other people so I
said hers I should start commenting more
frequently but the thing is I try and
comment but it doesn't show up I don't
know if that happens to you guys but
anyway
um mr. pearl way am i engaged no I'm far
too young to be engaged I am and far too
insane I just love the look of diamonds
on the fourth finger of my left hand I
don't know I think it's a female thing
that that we're born with I always
thought the character Gollum should have
been a female character like I thought
it should have been someone like me at
the beginning of the movie going to a
jewelry store Egon
I loved the character Gollum I used to
always want to be gone of all the things
to aspire to but anyway um yes pink :
yeah I mentioned to my boyfriend I said
hey you know maybe you should do YouTube
video someone says like you don't talk
about me on YouTube deal oh no you
better not talk about he unusual it
really pissed off at you oh no I haven't
mentioned you and yet this is what
happened last time I tried to film while
he was you know tried to get him to say
something to the camera
beeping look at that I have a Gollum for
a boyfriend I have a fascination with
Gollum Hey okay let's shimmy taya Who
Framed Roger Rabbit I don't know don't
throw random stuff at me you know I'm
gonna throw it back I tried to comment
on your profile I don't know if it
showed up or not and I said you should
make videos Oh pink car life has started
making video blogs you guys should check
them out and so has dr. O son because
that's his name Oh
famous what is a Dory memory
and you ask me you ask me why I'm so
retarded and I know you ask me where to
run Gazoo is all I know is you hop on
the boat and it takes you to the zoo
okay
so Tim also suggested that I should get
a tattoo because that would be wicked I
think that's what you said
maybe I'm throwing words into your mouth
but anyway I don't think I'd look good
with the tattoo I'm about to declare war
on someone pretty Syrian because they're
really pissing me off I don't know if
you guys have heard of them they called
the no ho world and something like that
they're obviously a fake kind of
production and they very lonely go hisk
but I have a problem with the character
blue for several reasons one of which is
her name is blue no I wouldn't have a
problem except she's Vietnamese so my
parents are I find her very embarrassing
to think that I somewhere along the
lines we have some kind of you know
connection um she acts like a bloody nob
I mean what a retard so I'm probably
going to have to declare war on her soon
which won't help because all the
perverts that like her will hate me and
anyone who watches in my subscriptions
lists and likes her will also hate me
now um my sister is getting married soon
and that should be exciting and what
else did I have to say I did have to say
something else
No okay anyway so yes
