hi so I hate confrontation Save Changes
but I didn't make any changes today I
make changes what I do what I do what I
do what I do so when I'm at a restaurant
the other day with a friend
hello ladies would you like to hear the
specials for today uh is it fish yes
now it's cool it's always fish and then
she did something that I hate she
complain to the waiter about the food oh
this is awful
is that what's yours how is it um it's
like chicken it's alright yeah that's
lamb it's not chicken is it but I have
no taste buds I want to eat a body's
knee wait up what are you doing I'm
gonna complain no don't complain excuse
me waiter yeah hi sorry I'm just not
very happy with my meal Oh
kill me now um I feel like it doesn't
taste very fresh or something my friends
not very happy with hers either no I
want no part of this but it's just very
bland and then I had to do that thing
where you try and tell the waiter
through your eyes that your friend is
crazy and you have nothing to do with
them I am very sorry to hear that our
have another two meals made up for you
try as I did the damage was done but in
all honesty somebody in a restaurant
could serve me a wet shoe and if the
waiter asked me how is your meal going I
would say it's delicious thank you so
much because one that's what I always
say that's what you should always say
and two because now they're gonna spit
now food what well now that you've told
them you don't like the food what do you
thinks gonna happen they're gonna go
back in the kitchen and they're gonna
spit in the new food says who says
everybody it's the law because it is
whenever you're in a place that serves
you something you have to consume you
never ever ever ever complain it's the
law the waiter goes into the kitchen and
says something like oh my god these
tooth it's outside complained about
their meal what they know any better
pass me the spit bucket hurry up put
that in the normal food now pass me the
bucket for people who complain yeah
they're gonna wish they got spit method
you're going to want to leave for this
skinny and unsanitary and then you're
eating it because you complained
I'm not eating whatever they bring out
of the hand here we are your new meals
enjoy thank you don't eat it
you know and the thing for me is why
complain is it really that bad why be
that person you're now the person who
says things like um can I speak to your
manager please or whoever's in charge
I'm just not happy with how its 10 year
old me used to say to everybody
chillax take a chill pill but
confronting anybody in the hospitality
industry is like pissing off somebody
with a gun pointed at you now keep your
hands up and get on the floor um this
floor is disgusting what I'm not getting
on that that is just would you ask
anyone else to get on that I don't think
so can I speak to others in charge of
this I know I'm being a baby but I just
have this huge fear of somebody spitting
in my food like it's the worst form of
torture ever oh please no more beatings
today please I can't handle another day
no torture today here's some food you
can eat food I haven't had food in four
days what's the catch there's no catch
did you spit in it because you hate me
why would I spit in your food because
people spit in food when they hate the
person if you don't shut up and eat your
food I'm gonna bring out the whip I'll
be I'll be okay it's all right I'll be
okay are you telling me that you would
rather get whipped and torch it again
than eat food that you think I might
have spat in yes yeah what if I tell you
that I'll kill your friend you can do
whatever you want with him yeah that's
not really true if I don't eat every two
hours
I tear buildings down and people die but
let me know in the comments below do you
ever complain when you go to a
restaurant about your food do you have
the fear that somebody's going to spit
in your food are you crazy
otherwise if you do have the fear and
your friends do it do you eat the food
after it comes out let me know below I'm
going to gather the information and I'm
going to put it into a book I'm writing
called what my YouTube commenters think
about food
complaints yeah I'm feeling number one
bestseller starring Rachel McAdams and
Colin Firth amazing soundtrack what am I
saying I don't know but yeah let me know
in the comments below and speaking of I
don't know thank you for your comments
in my kind of weird last video which was
my Halloween video if you haven't seen
it please check it out cuz you know I
paid it myself green and shiz I have
some things I want to talk to you guys
about about the instant French man in my
last video but I feel that this video
has gone on a tangent fair enough so
what I'm going to do is I'm going to put
those ramblings into a separate video
I'll put an annotation somewhere here if
you're on your phone you won't be able
to click it so I'll put the link down
below in the description if you have
actual to do in your day and you're
like I can't waste time with you anymore
NAT I understand thank you for sticking
with me thus far hope you guys are
really well works cleared up for me so I
will put a video up next week maybe
later this week I know words not but
yeah hope you guys are really well don't
spit in my food ever please don't ever
complain about food if I'm with you and
I will see you guys soon bye
Ketel huh that was a close one skinny
and unsanitary meant to be a cool move
spit is one of them bells
okay it's fun a music / comment time in
Chesser oh my god that is one of my
favorite comments of all time you know
how much I love puns thank you so much I
laughed a lot at that and yes I know
apparently they actually aren't quantity
surveyors their land surveyors but a
friend told me and that's the most
amount of research that I do don't worry
though I've unfriended them and
drop-kicked them into the ocean and I
don't I'm sorry I went on my won't come
on
