hi so you know what's awkward when
someone says something like I've been
told that I look like Angelina Jolie oh
yeah I can kind of see kind of see
that's crazy and for the most part it
usually goes down like that but then
every now and then this happens you know
Sarah looks like Jessica Alba sometimes
oh yeah I can see yeah see that Ukraine
oh no I'm serious and we can hear you if
you look at her from behind from the
side she looks like Jessica Alba but
only from behind from the side it's
really weird but apparently if I turn my
back and then look just over my shoulder
on this oh my god really I can't ya know
for sure no absolutely you were a
hundred percent look what are you must
have moved a bit cuz it's gone now
oh it's gone yeah it's got it's going
you've got to turn more tell more yeah
no no it's back it's back 100% Dark
Angel Oh perhaps something a little bit
too generous in that rendition but you
know I mean right how people only look
like a celebrity from a certain angle or
in certain light for example I sometimes
look like Megan Fox check this out from
the side now you have to squint yes
squint a little bit more a little bit
more than but now close your eyes
completely think about Megan Fox BAM
don't I look like her yeah you can open
your eyes again but you guys know what I
mean right
and the worst thing is when someone says
they look like a celebrity and they
don't then you kind of lie by picking
out a feature on their face and saying
it reminds you of the celebrity I know
it's crazy but everyone says I look like
her especially in the mr. and mrs. Smith
phase you know what I think it's the
eyes you have Angelina Jolie's eyes when
I really want to say I know it's crazy
but everyone says I look like her
especially in the mr. and mrs. Smith
phase you know what it's this part of
the face just here that little square
there that's square in your face looks
the same like like this no not that be
just this small one here notice more
small smaller yep left left right up
right too far split the difference
bingo mr. and mrs. Smith but it does
make me wonder sometimes when you know
we sit around saying you remind me of
this celebrity your mind
of that do you think celebrity sit
around doing the same thing with normal
people oh my god it's so great being
famous oh my god Mindy what for a moment
you look like the lady at my local
grocery store it was crazy
he's serious actually you know what I've
been told that I look like the lady from
the post office oh yeah I see see the
cream and on the odd occasion that I've
been told that I remind someone of a
celebrity they always like to throw in
the version of the celebrity that I
remind them of you remind me of an ugly
version of so-and-so Thanks or they tell
me I look like so-and-so's cousin you
could be so and so's cousin I could be
anyone's cousin that's crazy but it does
make me feel a little bit better see I
have been told more than once that I
remind people of Jackie Chan it could be
a racist thing because Jackie Chan's an
Asian man but it does make me feel a
little bit better like I could do
martial arts you know that sometimes you
remind me of Jackie Chan oh really
why would you say that my awesome
strength oh look a convenience in this
kind of moment yeah all the eyes I
think you have Jackie Chan's eyes so to
a lot of us but let me know in the
comments below do you ever get told that
you remind people of a celebrity or do
you have a friend who reminds you of a
celebrity and doesn't involve
restrictions for example you know I look
like her from the side or she looks like
her but only from a certain angle let me
know below and apologies about this
video being late as I mentioned before
is summer and spring get a little bit
busy for me but if you follow me on
Twitter and Facebook you can keep up to
date with all the awesome stuff I'm
doing yeah we are so please make sure
you do and also thank you for your
comments in my last video which is about
inventing already invented stuff which
has been the downfall of my plans to
become a successful millionaire inventor
yeah I know
life's hard but don't forget to let me
know which celebrity you look like or
your friend looks like and I will see
you guys in a week
and I hope you're well until then bye
okay it's funny music / comment I'm in
Matthew I love the idea of somebody
reinventing socks not shoes just socks
and cow I think as
your toast has unfortunately already
been invented but it is incredibly
expensive for something that just wanted
as your toast and dolla
I like your conviction you just want a
shirt that is also fast I think there's
a jumpsuit I'm sorry if I crushed your
dreams but uh somebody was going to
