hi so the other day I was in the kitchen
making brownies well you didn't really
make them you bought a packet mix yeah
but but i but I bought the packet mix
with my money dude we're going broke
anyway so then I ended up doing
something that I seemed to love doing
inventing stuff that's already been
invented
now stop eating all the edges the
crunchy bits are the best
well winners Keepers losers wait a
minute what if I invented something that
would revolutionize brownies forever a
pan that has more than just four edges
so that every single piece of the
brownie is from yeah I'm not that
already exists it's already been
invented
what was it Thomas Edison again no it
wasn't and I'm pretty sure that's not
real math I mean is that a heart you
have no heart you're a dream crusher
because every single time that I think
that I've invented something a 3d
printer that's a pen a smoke detector
that you can wave that to stop it
beeping electricity I hope of my
computer and discover it's already been
invented
why does the universe hate me and what's
worse is after I found out that it's
been invented I usually find out soon
after that the inventor isn't actually a
bazillionaire
living off millions from their invention
yeah this is what an inventor's life
looks like however there has been the
odd occasion when this has happened hey
NAT you remember you had that idea a
while ago to mix a croissant and a donut
yeah I think about that invention all
the time
a donut mitts with a croissant
yeah someone's done it and its really
popular they call them a cronut
but cronut
that's such a better name than what I
had ad or salt I would say that about
99% of things that I invent edges
hybrids of food and then I just start
sounding like I'm naming ice cream
flavors mango mixed with a beat
Hey mixed with me has meant class chalk
plus the chip you know that's mint choc
chip that's definitely an ice cream
flavor yeah I'm a thinker I don't know I
definitely look at things like
Kickstarter's or inventions on I'm like
that person is so smart they're gonna be
a bazillionaire a bazillionaire this kid
does maths
anyway let me know in the comments below
what is the best product that you've
ever invented that's already been
invented and are you the kind of person
who gets really excited when a friend
says they've invented something or you a
naysayer who says that's already been
invented
I like to let the dream live but let me
know in the comments below and speaking
of comments thank you for your comments
on my last video which was about the
stress of expiration dates and how they
become a food challenge now that I think
about it I know why I'm not inventing
smart stuff it's because I'm the kind of
person who worries about drinking milk
in time yeah I smart anyway thanks for
that and don't forget to subscribe by
the way because I have new videos up
every week which is Wednesday 4:00 in
the asia-pacific region or choos
everywhere else and don't forget to
follow me on my social networks things I
just said that like an old person didn't
I hear old people say social networks
anyway follow me don't forget to
subscribe and I will see you guys in a
week and until then it's porno music /
comment time yeah
janym that definitely sounds like your
mother was trying to poison you by the
way but I like that you had 20 year old
medicine and Princess Leia oh my god
that consumed within two days he is my
enemy how can you eat a whole jar of
sauce in two days
how and satellite plane yeah I like that
you go dumpster diving my friend does it
as well she said she once found a box of
Ferrero shares I imagine when you
dumpster dive that's like winning the
lottery and dude that sounds like you
have very interesting eating habits I'd
like to see it
