hi so you know what's stressful watching
someone type with two fingers this is my
nightmare but more than that when I find
food look at the use by date and realize
what his pastor goes off tomorrow
because from that moment on pasta for
lunch and dinner and I irrationally
quite used by dates to ticking time
bombs
hey oh my god help me I'm gonna explode
in like five hours because let's face it
it gets to a point where used by date is
a challenge don't worry I got this
this is very unattractive and it's
probably a mix of not wanting food to go
to waste not wanting money to go to
waste and just stubbornness but I then
decide that that is the most important
task ever assigned this sauce goes off
tomorrow can you make sure I eat it
tonight and see your mum's birthday
tonight you have that dinner that I have
source to eat and you know it's a
scenario I deal with a lot because I
often go shopping and get all oh my god
why these mangoes so cheap I have to buy
all of them so I end up haunted by all
these ticking time bombs Oh Natalie
you're so stupid
perishables are way more stressful the
news by dates we don't have use by dates
you'll never know the thing is food
knows oh yeah food knows when it's used
by date is coming I don't know what
happens where bread is just okay then
that takes to twelve o'clock and then it
just shits itself mold have you ever
seen milk milk at 1159 is okay milk at
zero zero one BAM lumps everywhere hasta
luego it's weird
and once food goes past its use-by date
then I get really chicken and I can't
try it without a friend guaranteeing
that I won't get sick this quince paste
is past its use-by date do you think
it's okay I'm sure it's fine so you're
saying if I eat this and I die it's your
fault no that's not what I said if you
get sick it's not my fault I've heard
enough
yeah maybe it taunts me so much because
food is such a large part of my life and
now that I think about it I should
probably just write a note get better
life ya know but let me know in the
comments below how do you guys deal with
use by dates are you the kind of people
who brave them you don't really care if
it's gone past all you do is make sure
there's no mold you know none of that
kind of stuff and and you do it anyway
or you like me you get a little bit
antsy you take it as a challenge and
then you make a friend try it first if
it's off because it's okay if your
friend dies yeah let me know in the
comments below also guys make sure you
follow me on Facebook and Twitter
because as you can see my upload
schedule is being a little bit haphazard
as working a little bit busier and I
always update on those feeds so make
sure you follow me on that so you find
out about videos speaking of videos my
last one was about how we carry on when
we get tiny little wounds and when I say
we I'm including you in my circle
because it's a one-way conversation and
you're stuck like that it's not it's
two-way it's so good cuz you guys leave
me comments but yes let me know how you
guys do with your use by date ordeals do
you accept the challenge and I will see
you guys in a week bye dude I just went
to the shops they had mangoes on sale I
bought like a billion of them that you
don't even like mangoes but there was so
cheese Quinn spaces past its use-by date
do you think it's okay does it smell
weird what I mean it smells weird but I
don't know if that's because I'm
smelling it I don't know it's melted
regularly I don't know okay it's funny
music / comment timing yes I'm pretty
sure that bed frames are actually aliens
out there trying to harm humans is the
worst kind of pain and James oh my god
if an investigator ever said that when I
died in a crash
I would haunt the crap out of him no
kidding and you know what buddy you
better cross your toes as well because
I'm pretty sure that ain't true
