hi so my friends took me on a road trip
for my birthday and I was all this is so
cool like a coca-cola ad and even cooler
hey NAT guess where I first up is where
look oh my god and it's 9:30 ah does
this mean yes we're in time for the
breakfast menu this is the best day of
my life and then we drove up to a
beautiful farm and inside they were all
surprised we booked a few days getaway
yay oh my god I didn't bring any
underwear and I didn't make a video
before we left
and it's almost Wednesday in the
asia-pacific region and Tuesday
everywhere else
NAT don't worry we know you had to make
a video so we brought a camera yay guys
thanks so much it's really kind of you
no worries now go film now okay please
don't watch just pretend we're not here
this is not gonna work out
so I decided to draw you guys an update
instead I know how is it possible that
using just a trackpad I created this
masterpiece cuz I'm awesome
and in this video I have straight teeth
and long hair no but I am sorry and I
didn't upload last time it ended up
being nine months because I was having a
secret baby I'm just kidding
believe it or not nobody has impregnated
me but I just wanted to keep those of
you who don't follow me on Twitter
Facebook and Instagram updated so I have
a new video up hopefully this Saturday
in the Asia Pacific region otherwise
I'll definitely have one up next week as
normal this is a weird video so I'll
join pono music / comment time for this
one to the last one but feel free to
check out the last video just in case
you missed it and I hope you guys are
really well I apologize again but I will
see you guys soon bye
