hi so I used to love it when I was a kid
and I was watching TV and then a warning
sign would come up this program is
recommended for ages 15 plus oh my god
boobs but the one I never really
understood was this program contains
adult themes adult themes and I'd love
to know today is an adult what is an
adult theme because when you're a kid it
sounds so exciting you think you can see
sex or violence or something but then
you realize it can just mean something
emotional what there was no sex ego all
easy that Oh unbelievable which got me
thinking imagine if they practiced adult
theme restrictions in real life but I
don't things inside God getting I just
turned 18 last week all right
yourself up
we're all my receipts for the
business-related this is terrible as my
neck my back is in so much pain these
days but my Kyra taught me some
exercises for my back if you just
stretch it what I might do is I might
paint this blue and have a feature wall
in another room did you want to talk
about evasions about home renovations
that's it this is the worst where is the
sexual preferences club there aren't
even any bugs in here now that I'm an
adult I can't help thinking I wish they
had warnings for adult themes that I
don't like so Angela how's life been
this contains adult themes such as
workplace conversation Oh her work
conversations are awful what else alone
Oh Rachel this contains an old themes
such as breakup conversation it is
recommended for a sympathetic audience
but if you guys could have warnings for
adult themes in real life which adult
themes would they be because I think I
would have the following conversation
may contain relationship talk
landscaping talk or appliance talk I'm
only joking I love a blind stalk dirty
what appliance are you gonna use to
clean that up because I hear there are
some great vacuum cleaners on the market
but yeah let me know in the comments
below what have you come to understand
adult themes to be aside from sex and
violence and the obvious when these
warning signs come up what do you think
adult themes are let me know in the
comments below and also let me know
which adult themes in real life would
you love warnings for before you had to
listen or watch them and speaking of
watching by the way awesome segue
thanks so much for watching my last
video and for leaving comments it was
about the agony of watching somebody
being served before you even though you
ordered first yeah I know
thug love I'm living in a gangsta's
anyway I'll saw that that's all good but
yeah let me know in the comments below
and don't forget to subscribe and like
I'll have a new video up next week which
is Wednesday if you're in the
asia-pacific region or Tuesday
everywhere else and I hope you guys are
all until then bye
oh I can't believe I missed Sabrina the
Teenage Witch for this
I missed passions to this Oh
I'm only joking I love appliance talk
what did the vacuum cleaner said of the
other vacuum cleaner you suck
knock-knock dishwasher dishwasher the
way I schuster speak before her come on
polish to him okay it's funny music /
comment time and Jennifer one was a BLT
and the other one was a grilled cheese
sandwich
and I had both of them and then I claim
them on tax and you probably should do a
video with Tessa and be a bitchy
receptionist it'll be all types of ugly
and you know what Naomi I would say it's
probably on the conservative side I
always say the percentage is much higher
and I'll keep working on making
