hi so I love food I am so full what's
for dessert and for some reason when
someone offers me food after I brushed
my teeth it's like I've been shot
hey nut you want some brownies I just
made some they're still gooey on the
inside why are you doing this to me
why honestly I carry on like it's
impossible to brush my teeth again what
why what betrayal I just brush my teeth
I don't understand what the problem is
just brush your teeth again what and I
think the reason is that brushing your
teeth has to be one of the most boring
chores of the day because for example
say Here I am watching television but
add a brush and look how bored I look
all of a sudden you could take something
so extreme like being on a roller
coaster add a brush and you've just made
it the most boring experience ever which
is why the prospect of having to go back
and do it again makes me question things
I don't really understand what the
problem is like brushing your teeth is
like closing the mouth store you know
it's like trading hours over okay fine
then just don't have one fine I won't
me and more look estamos supermodels and
even though I always give it and eat at
the end I just wish there a way to
communicate that the mouth is about to
close for business so if there's
anything else please let me know
sold to the lady in red all right up
next we have Natalie's brushing of teeth
do we have any offerings of interesting
food before she goes to brush her teeth
can I hear something from the crowd
fruit I'll be cutting up some fruit
later um fuck fruit no one would ever
brush their teeth again for fruit that's
crazy
so I have anymore offerings any more
rings any more offerings no all right
going once twice three times you can
brush teeth yeah I have a tough life
what there are civil wars happening at
the moment well I may have to brush my
teeth again so take a ticket and step in
line yeah no I know but it would be
weird if I made serious videos so on
that note let me know in the comments
below do you ever refuse food because
you've brushed your teeth otherwise what
would be the food that you will always
make room for let me know in the
comments and speaking of food a big
shout to this lovely lady who saw me
eating in one restaurant and then saw me
again in another one eating a crepe very
soon after thank you for being brave
enough to say hi to the crazy woman who
eats a lot and also a lovely shout to
this lovely lady who saw me on my way to
the ice cream store right after that
photo was taken
yeah I eat a lot of food and thank you
to you guys as well for your comments in
my last video which is about googling
people before you've met them it's good
to know you guys are also high levels of
creepy as well brings me comfort but
yeah don't forget to subscribe let me
know in the comments about your refusal
to eat foods and I will see you guys in
a week which is Wednesday 4 in the Asia
Pacific region or choose everywhere else
hopefully hopefully I'll be going
something really exciting so I will let
you know on Twitter and Facebook if I am
but I will see you guys then and stay
well eat fruit stuff like that hadn't
planned on finishing my sentence like
this huh oh my god
I made these just before the video
they're still hot oh shit
ok it's paneer music / comment time and
yes I apologize I had a very nasally
cold noise in the last video but
hopefully didn't put you off and desired
sounds that must suck
yeah sex-offender in your Google results
I imagine that's how people called
Natalie Tran feel when they google and
they find me I don't think you've seen
out in my videos because all my videos
about cleavage it's a subliminal message
