hi so believe it or not I'm not a super
fit person Oh
so help me God but for some reason if I
exercise once I get really pissed if I
wake up the next morning and what no
six-pack it's kind of the same mentality
I have when I diet which basically means
I ate a piece of fruit ma'am
I'm gonna show skinny tomorrow okay I'm
super unimpressed when I step on the
scales and what how am I not five kilos
lighter and I know a whole bunch of
super fit people are about to hop on
their keyboards right now in time you
want to know the trick to being fit get
off your ass sighs but I think the real
problem is when it comes to exercise I'm
really delusional so I feel I see
results straightaway so when I do a few
push-ups
I'd be like four five oh yeah boy and
then I spend the rest of the day all oh
don't worry
let me lift that for you silent and
that's pretty much where the exercise
thing ends for me because the next day I
feel I don't need to exercise coz I
exercised yesterday and then it's I did
exercise the day before yesterday and
before I know it well I exercised the
day before the day before yesterday
fifty years ago I don't need to exercise
again and you can definitely still see
the muscle memory if you're just flexing
it I'm doing it No anyway that's all
good but yeah do you guys know what I
mean see my real predicament as I
mentioned is one day of exercise equals
why the hell am I not built yet yeah but
let me know in the comments what's your
exercise regime or you like me
unrealistic and impatient expectations
of exercise also I went to Monaco for a
few days last week and had a wonderful
time if you've been following me on
instagram to your facebook you probably
saw but I'm gonna make a video about it
I haven't done it yet but I'll put it up
soon just to give you a heads up and
thank you guys for the comment that you
left in my last video which was about
when your favorite TV show ends and how
heartbreaking it is if you haven't seen
it click blink if you missed it but
otherwise stick around next week for a
new video which will be Wednesday for in
the Asia Pacific region or Tuesday
everywhere else and I hope you guys are
well until then bye okay it's
slash comment time and lacy oh my god
did you ever get to watch the Dawson's
Creek movie please somebody out there
tell me you saw the movie that happened
like years after the show it blew my
mind I don't know how many spoilers but
yeah
there's a movie guys and you know what
buddy I will never stop I will never
ever stop until I am so unfamous it
hurts
