hi so I get a little bit intense when I
watch TV I cannot hear things if you
were truing and one of the things that
always gets me super emotional is when a
TV show I'm watching ends and as the
credits roll up just like that
everything that once mattered to me
matters no that's a little bit dramatic
but I do really get upset for example I
recently finished watching Fringe and
when it ended I felt like I was mourning
I wore a lot of dark clothes black
clothes they wore black clothes of that
TV show sometimes I cried a lot at the
memories I used to lie here and watch
you oh I looked at photos of the loved
ones that I had lost so you know you
know the normal things people do but the
reason I'm so upset is because I know
that the end of madmen for this year is
coming up and when it happens
no stay with me Natalie nurse get
another doctor here wake me up in a year
you don't have to leave Natalie there is
so much to do in a year there's no point
in living
in between seasons
we lost another one to an in between
seasons coma because really why do we
exist in between TV shows I should
probably get out a little bit more but
let me know in the comments do you guys
experienced this massive loss when your
TV show ends and let me know what is the
TV show that you miss the most let me
know in the comments and thank you guys
for the comments that you left in my
last video which was about losing your
phone on silent and the devastating
feeling when you do if you missed it
make sure you check it out otherwise
subscribe for a new video next week
which is Wednesday if you're in the
asia-pacific region or choose there
everywhere else and I will see you guys
then bye no don't die nurse that the
health Natalie don't die nurse this
Wolski's overtaking
