hi so I can be a bit sensitive sometimes
hey Matt do you want an ice cream you
call any fat because I am NOT fat you
are the fat one and one of the things
that always upsets me is if I'm out with
a friend they get a phone call and this
happens hello hey it's me what are you
up to
oh nothing much um nothing much I mean
I'm not expecting you to say something
like what am i up to hanging out with my
best friend NAT we're in a park and it's
the best but I sort of am no I'm joking
but you can't say nothing much right in
front of me I mean I had a shower for
you today a shower do you know how
special that makes you do you know how
many days I usually skip showers fall
for as many days as I can day 5 nothing
much I mean dude we're out and about
we've got fruit and a picnic blanket and
also I'm right next to you I can hear
you it's like if I did this sorry okay
hello hey I'm out with Steph yeah I know
but no one else is free today um blue
and red strap jumper looks horrible it
does make me wonder though when will you
ever say oh I'm kind of busy because I
have friends who save nothing much
during movies when we're out at dinner
when we're just having the good time
not much what are you up to so when will
you say I'm busy I'm up to something oh
oh I've been eating this finger nail
will we oh one what's that I can't quite
hear you
ah why have you been torturing me
for that reason I'm gonna put on Mad
speaker hello
hey dude its Becky what's up not much
what are you up to it stings bro it
stings it's kind of like when a friend
pauses when someone asks so you guys
like best friends Oh best friends
well like hashtag BFF just like I'm BFFs
with these awesome people who I bumped
into thank you so much for saying hi for
sending in your photos and for everyone
else let me know in the comments how do
you feel when somebody does this to you
do you get upset on my being overly
sensitive otherwise if you're a culprit
let me know what's a situation that then
qualifies as an I'm busy situation I'd
love to know let me know in the comments
see I always feel a little bit special
when someone says I'm busy I can't talk
right now and then hangs up when they're
with me and then I move the gun slowly
away from their head messy that's right
biatch
I don't but I'd really like the
situation one day in which I could say
biatch
so biatches let me know in the comments
hope you guys are well don't forget to
subscribe there'll be a new video up
next week which is Wednesday from the
asia-pacific region or Tuesday
everywhere else until I find a bit of
sign-off and I hope you guys are well
until then bye okay it's porno music /
comment time and just in case you missed
it my last video was about keeping
clothes that definitely will never fit
you and twinkling pop I'll sorry about
the weird little pictures I thought it
would be personal but it's a little bit
creepy
I have the opposite problems you I
attach sentimental value to everything
so I'll keep napkins from a memorable
meal or I'll keep tissues that my
friends use and Sam you and me both
buddy so far only twice for me
and you're right Zachary I probably did
bring that out too soon
