hi so I don't know why but I've always
found cockroaches to be the most
terrifying bugs which got me thinking
what kind of a person would a cockroach
be
would they be creaky because when you
see them they freak out don't know where
they're going and then run away would
they also be incredibly resistant to bug
spray and death
because I don't know about you guys but
I am seriously spraying those things for
about 10 minutes and at most it just
makes a dent would it be able to do that
freaky thing where you can hit it it can
lose a limb and keep on going would
women hate them as much you say were
people so are some pretty ladies like
you doing in a place like this you know
they're just so startling when you see
them even just a piece of them
everything is they're not dangerous or
anything they're not a spider they're
not gonna bite you
so imagine if you said the things that
you say to a cockroach or to a person
ill um I cannot eat if I've seen that
God why she's so big it's disgusting how
big she is oh my god oh no if I put like
scary things that happen in my apartment
on a list number one would be my alarm
every single morning Oh
number two running out of ice cream
No number three would be a cockroach and
then after that I don't know maybe that
red dot that follows me around through
the windows on time weird that that was
more of a pressure thing because you
always want a little good if they're
watching you through like a zoom lens or
something like that you know who does
look good through a lens oh this lovely
chap who I bumped into in the week thank
you so much for saying hi by the way to
tell a quick story when I was trying to
find an outfit to make this video in I
was like I have to find something that
covers my whole body is black and shiny
so I had to buy that weed sex outfit
thing in her zippers everywhere and when
I bought it the man was like somebody's
gonna have some fun tonight and I was
like oh yeah it's just for a video for
youtube he's like it's gonna be a bit
too Raj for YouTube don't you think baby
I know ya know I'm really sure he didn't
think I was gonna try and dress up like
a giant cockroach I'm pretty sure that's
what that outfit is not for so I'm sorry
to the manufacturers of that that very
nicely fitting outfit thing ya know
speaking of clothes as well to celebrate
hitting half
view soon I'm going to be launching a
website and having a shop that sells
t-shirts and all that kind of stuff so
if you could give me an indication or if
you have any requests of t-shirts you'd
like to see please let me know I'll
probably only have three or four designs
to start with so yeah let me know I'd
love to know what you guys are keen on
and in terms of feedback thank you for
your comments on my last video which is
about whether or not people always
harass you to try on your glasses I do
agree that some glasses probably do
border on the pedophile sex offender
fashion that's kind of like any piece of
clothing you know some gloves look good
some clubs make you look like a sex
offender some coats look great some
codes make you look like a sex offender
it's a fine line that's not really a
fine line at all I listen anyway I'll
have a new video up next week which is
Wednesday if you're in the asia-pacific
region or Tuesday everywhere else and I
hope you guys are well until then bye
