hi so I don't know if you guys have ever
noticed but if you wear glasses
everyone is obsessed with trying them on
hey hey how do I look oh they look so
good you should totally get some glasses
they really suit you yeah yeah cuz I
don't go around trying out your health
issues oh can I try thank you
oh my god how do I look you look awesome
medication sees you so much you should
totally get some medication do they make
me look smarter everyone says this and I
don't think glasses make you look smart
I think this makes you look smart two
plus two is four real-estate and wine
say I trust that person I just gave them
all my money but I don't know if I'd
really think that somebody who couldn't
see things very clearly was particularly
smart it's like how I don't think I'd
really want to take medication so I
could look sick do they make me look
sicker ah cuz it's not just about the
looks it then becomes a strange thing
where it's okay to say uh you are so
blind ah this sucks
ah those pills are awful to swallow that
wasn't fun at all and it says that you
have potential for memory loss as a side
effect all pills because seriously if it
were okay to start trying things
inappropriately
hell I'd satisfy my curiosity about
people's bodies all the time sorry she's
just super hungry can I try some very
warm I guess it's kind of the same
confusion I have about how it's alright
to comment on somebody's wealth if
they're well off wow this place is huge
they must be super rich but you probably
wouldn't walk into someone's house and
go wow this place is a dump they must be
super poor but now that I think about it
I guess there are exceptions to
everything it's like how you're allowed
to comment if a couple super in love oh
god guys get a room or something shit
but it's not so classy to point out if
they're not so in love annoying Oh guys
get a divorce or something fighting in
public is awkward because it really is
hook defense defense ha ha ha nanny said
to come over because there was something
serious seriously dangerous anyway let
me know are you guys guilty of doing the
glasses try out
otherwise I would also like to know do
you think people who wear glasses look
smarter answer honestly I'd love to know
because I don't correlate good or poor
eyesight with smarts I correlate this
with smarts
o-22 it to speaking of seeing though I
had the pleasure of seeing these lovely
people hey what a segue thank you guys
so much for stopping and saying hi thank
you for your lovely chats and for
sending the photos in I don't know if I
say it enough but the reason I always
put in photos is because it's always
such a pleasure to meet everyone I
really appreciate it you guys make me
laugh so much in the comments and stuff
so thank you so much and speaking of
comments in my last video we were
talking about when you see movies or TV
shows and they make you feel like you
know everything about a subject I can't
believe I forgot to mention Breaking Bad
like all of you guys yes I am now a meth
expert
thanks to my exposure to Breaking Bad
and I enjoyed that so many of you get
your medical knowledge from the show
house it is always blue Puss in the end
if I'm ever a doctor because I've
watched enough of ER and house I'll just
go you have lupus next and yeah I'm very
guilty of the Assassin's Creed thing as
well my last trip to Italy I was like
I've been here before it looks way
better in the past anyway enough of that
I hope you guys are well I'll have a
video up next week which would be
Wednesday if you're in the asia-pacific
region or Tuesday everywhere else let me
know about the glasses and I will see
you guys in a week bye just in case you
were wondering what I'm reading by the
way it's the making of Hornblower a book
that I would completely read in front of
friends I think my friends would stay
around me while I read that's believable
