hi so don't know about you guys but I'm
pretty guilty of committing I'm helping
but not okay cool I've got this end
you've got that way
now you're in the middle cool one two
three
because I look at other people's faces
and I am pretty sure they're putting it
a lot more effort than I am back a
little yeah you got the corner okay yeah
you're right
in fact I think that you could remove me
from the equation and it would just keep
going it's kind of like when I
discovered that I could just leave a
phone conversation with my mum and it
would keep going
but my own likeness how yeah Lacey epic
and that is a plethora of a lambda my
math is an icon sang come with you
unwanted 804 entered my these are my pee
the whole helping but not really thing
if that made me realize I'm pretty good
at avoiding being useful take all the
blood you need for all those sick
children out there oh hi didn't see you
there my name is Nedley you may remember
me from other videos such as how to draw
attention to yourself or perhaps you
caught my how to cover up your pimples
well today I'm here to show you how to
avoid being helpful firstly there's the
it's too heavy routines hey now can you
hand me that box
yep oh it's too heavy it's so heavy oh
I'll do it you can also try the what do
you mean routine I don't know what you
mean like just hit enter give it what do
you mean just hit ever after well how do
you mean fine I'll do it just give it to
me
and finally for moving any furniture out
there try that stand in the middle
routine I'm only drinking I don't do it
on purpose I do feel kind of mean like
how I feel mean when people answer this
question honestly so have you been
lately not that great actually
oh why would you answer honestly but see
the truth is that when I am actually
helping someone carry something I'm
really bad at it two three ah okay oh my
god oh my god rest rest rest okay
alright put it down for down Oh God
okay you ready okay sorry one two three
oh my god rest rest rest all right okay
just haven't worked out in ages you know
it's just I've been to the gym since two
years ago anyway let me know do you
commit be helpful but not helpful crime
or are you one of those awesome people
who carry the weight all by themselves
speaking of awesome people
I would like to a big shout out to this
guy I think you might be the youngest
person I've ever come head come up and
say hi so hi to you and also hi to these
lovely ladies thank you for sending your
photo obviously a very long time ago
because I have long hair back then yeah
sorry I I've obviously just been keeping
your pictures and all the hair that I
cut off your head under my pillow every
night I should stop this is getting
really creepy anyway also big thank you
to all of you for your wonderful wishes
in my father's birthday video last week
it was really nice of you guys I hope
you are well I'll have a new community
channel video up next Wednesday if
you're in the asia-pacific region or
Tuesday everywhere else so I hope you're
all well and I will see you guys then
bye okay it's porno music / comment time
and this is a combination of comments my
previous two videos but 7 that is
definitely the most lucky name I've
heard of and I love reading the comments
about what you guys used to give your
parents as children I am particularly
interested in the fact that so many of
you used to make coupons nothing - to
make coupons you made coupons it expired
which i think is incredibly mean and
this is probably the most disturbing
comment I think I've received Ali I
think that is batshit crazy
