hi so I'm pretty optimistic but I've so
got this one you won't even close
eat a dick but even I refuse to believe
in the power of the crossed fingers d3
you're just drawing stars I told you to
take note alright guys I'm off for my
job interview wish me luck
I have my fingers crossed pause now I
would love to know when this superpower
has ever actually worked hey there she
is
it's the cross fingers girl yeah okay I
gotta get a better name than that what
about super cross yes all right what
about fingers okay about your latest
book do anything to let me roll once did
someone call oh thank god you're here
the buildings on fire I see it
alright let's cross our fingers that the
fire stops everything it's were double
cross double cross I think it's getting
worse yes sir cross finger girl you show
your face you show your face right now
Chris fingers go that woman's crossing
the road and not paying attention
well let's cross our fingers that
nothing happens to her
good taste I crossed my fingers man
proper brother Ottoman unbelievable
unbelievable yeah unfortunately the
skeptic in me somehow thinks that this
doesn't really help Lauren thank you for
coming for this job interview but to be
honest I don't really know if you're
well suited to this you didn't tell me
your fingers were crossed oh yeah are we
wasting our time with this interview for
good job it's yours for you guys no I
mean right for me it's kind of like when
you're a kid and used to cross your
fingers behind your back when you a lie
and that meant lying was okay oddly do
you promise that you didn't eat the glue
yeah I promise I did eat the glue cuz
man when I was a kid
there were all sorts of crazy rules have
to cross my heart hope to die stick a
nail in my ride you have to swear with
your mother's grave my mom's really you
just wear your mother's grave there
perhaps is because I'm a generally
negative person I'm not a big believer
in this stuff but let me know do you
believe in crossing the fingers for good
luck otherwise do you have any other
good luck practices that you do let me
know what they are and let me know if
you believe if they work on it I'd love
to know and speaking of good fortune it
was lovely to bump into this young lady
so thank you for saying hi and for
sitting in your photos I'm sorry that
you're by yourself obviously I had a
very quiet weekend because I didn't bump
into anyone else don't have any other
photos so I'm sorry about that
also I'm sorry the love conundrums video
has taken a little while but don't worry
I'm working on it but either way there
will be a new community channel video up
next week on Wednesday if you're in the
asia-pacific region or Tuesday
everywhere else so subscribe let me know
your good luck charm and I will see you
guys then bye okay it's porn music /
comment time and Amy you'd love to live
with me then I put all my DVDs back in
the wrong cases as well just to jazz up
life a little bit and Don thanks for
that that's probably the most important
email I'll ever receive and you know
what I'll think about it bill but only
because you said please and because you
said my feet were pretty
