hi so I don't know why but whenever I go
somewhere with my umbrella and have to
leave it in one of those umbrella bins I
know my day is ruined because I become
so paranoid that somebody might take my
umbrella I spend my entire County just
monitoring my umbrella it's really
stressful well that's a good thing right
I mean sounds like life is good if
losing an umbrella is your biggest
stress what do you mean well I mean if
you think losing an umbrella is
stressful imagine having kids yeah you
always have to go sorry of course of
course I mean yeah obviously if you have
a kid it's way more stressful because
then the kid has an umbrella and then
you have to put two umbrellas in those
things and then you stress about two
umbrellas and the little ones you can't
even see those they're hard they're
really hard no no I just met more like
kids are stressful you know like imagine
losing a kid that's pretty then be more
stressful than losing an umbrella oh yes
yeah well I don't know cause like if you
lose an umbrella and you see someone and
you think you've seen them taking your
umbrella you're not really gonna
confront them because how do you prove
it's your umbrella if it's just a
generic umbrella but if someone takes
your baby you're gonna know I'm gonna be
able to take you back I think the
umbrella thing is way more stressful I
don't make maybe one day you have kids
you'll you'll feel differently actually
I have been thinking bigger picture and
maybe it's time for a bit of a change oh
my gosh are you thinking about having a
family oh no not like that bigger
picture like medium smaller picture like
thinking maybe I'll buy like really
distinct umbrellas or I'll start writing
my name on them or something also I was
with a friend once who said and then it
was raining so much but someone left
their umbrella behind so I just took it
wait what you can't take someone's
umbrella
what kind of satanic circus parade did
you grow up in but they left it behind
well now you know what's gonna happen
so about 8 years ago I bought this
umbrella if you know me as a person you
know this umbrella insinuates I'm a much
happier person that I am but I bought it
because it's easy to recognize right and
it's been my longest relationship with
an umbrella
to date but it means I'm an incredibly
possessive person there we go sweetheart
it's a nice restaurant happy anniversary
I just want you to know it's it's not an
engagement ring it's a promise ring no
it's still a sign of commitment why do
you have to take every little thing that
I do and turn it into something nasty oh
yeah bring up your cousin again like
Nellie
hi Caprice hi what are you doing here oh
hello Natalie's umbrella hey that's
enough who are you here with oh I'm here
with some umbrella that I picked up from
a pub what happened to the umbrella you
were with last week oh I left that at
like a hairdresser or something I had
like 12 umbrellas since we lost it why
are you flirting I don't know are you
guys the same do you date umbrellas no
but do you get really paranoid about
them as well or am I the only person
sitting in a restaurant or cafe with
this going on in my mind cuz if I am
that's really terrifying so please
reassure me right now but more than that
I'd like to know are you the kind of
person who would just take somebody
else's umbrella because you believe it's
been left behind my friend also
suggested you know it all just kind of
works out you take someone's umbrella
they take know what is this the jungle
with umbrellas No so a yes I would take
an umbrella B no I wouldn't take an
umbrella because I'm a better person
than a or C I'm going to make up excuses
but really I'm an a person let me know
below also obviously apologies for the
very late upload I
went overseas for a little bit then I
got back and got the flu if you can't
tell from my delightful phlegmy voice
but to add insult to injury I started a
second channel last week to also not
upload videos too but I thought I would
start something there's a little bit
more kind of casual and laid-back so
there's no channel name so I've just
kind of left a link below if you want to
check it out don't worry there's no
script and no umbrella dating involved
on that channel the umbrella dating
Sterns here right after that weird
sentence thank you to my niece's for
being in my video thank you when you're
older you can be like look remember when
humans were humans err hope you guys are
really well and I will see you sooner
than you think that sounds like threat
okay it's boring music / comment time
and I'm glad so many of you enjoyed the
sexual tension between Jeff and Judy
here's the weird sick thing though
they're already married
those two they're role-playing they're
not even real cops
and I'm glad so many of you also look up
the heights of celebrities we have too
much time on our hands don't we I also
look up the wait so don't worry I do
that as well I don't know why though it
always just comes back less than unit of
course they way way less than you
