hi so I don't know about you guys but
whenever I throw something and it lands
exactly where I want it to I get a
little bit Michael Jordan me ah did you
see that I just got it in are you ready
for this
da da da da da just rubbish you have
been jealous watch because even though
it might be easy in my head it goes down
like this oh my god let me hear it go
baby I know oh my god was that not like
the Bears are joking right like that's
super easy I could do that okay see
Daisy well it's hard for some of us I'm
short what are you wearing
you know just a little bit of and who
are they
you rock they're my cheerleaders yeah
that's uh that's just your cat with
pom-poms yeah but she looks so cute
because she's wearing clothes that's
that's weird
Jos Mott although to be fair I kind of
go to my happy place no matter what I've
achieved ah ah let me hear it girls yeah
I'm not gonna chain you for that yeah
that's fair enough
yeah I don't know why but I get really
grand ideas in my head like I used to
always tell people he should audition
for Idol that's how she became the nanny
you should try out for Idol and yet
nobody ever told me I should edition and
nothing compares nothing compares to you
and on that really beautiful note I am
really sorry for having a video up last
week I got a little bit busy however
from now on I'll have a video up every
week on this day I did some research and
according to my YouTube statistics these
are my top 10 countries so this will be
the day that I'll be uploading every
week so check in then also make sure you
log in to your subscriptions and click
my videos through there so you're not
missing out on them and let me know what
is the biggest thing that you blow up in
your head from an everyday situation so
for me it's throwing things in the bin
right through to Michael Jordan let me
know and I will see you guys soon
by and that is another point for Team
Orange and some more sports mumbo-jumbo
talk blah blah blah sports sports
support sports talk now I understand a
little bit more about why they paid so
much to do this at school I can put more
photoshop nuts stuffing eyes riding up
my lady park
