hi so you know what I don't get why
people repeat words does he like me or
does he like like me is it spicy or is
it spicy spicy not what are we meant to
wear tonight oh it's it's fancy well is
it fancy or is it fancy fancy because to
me repeating is pretty extreme so this
is fancy
hello and this is fun suits
milene so we've done in mind I generally
go the less extreme it's fancy
then I've noticed that sometimes this
will happen hey are you wearing jeans
yeah I asked her if it was fancy fancy
and he said no I said it was fancy you
say was fancy fancy I said it was fancy
tight jeans take effort that is fancy so
what's happened here is that the
repetition has decreased the value of
the original word
it's like apparently you can look up the
definition of a word and it no longer
means what you think it does yeah fancy
sort of fancy fancy fancy
actually it's kind of like when people
pause before they say a word again and
all of a sudden it means something else
well is she serious or is she serious
seriously does that mean that if I
repeat a word it doesn't mean the same
thing because in that case she's a total
cow I'm gonna kill her
what I'm going to kill kill her that
still means you're gonna kill her really
and just quickly thank you to those who
follow me on Facebook and Twitter and
helps me remember what this video was
going to be about because my handwriting
is really bad I can't make out scripts
when I write them but I found this
picture it didn't really make sense that
some of you helped jog my memory
obviously this picture was meant to be
this yeah they say social media is
useful because it helps spread news and
information around the world I don't
think so
so any good so I can remember what my
drawings are about yeah that's me using
technology to its full potential
dressing up like a colonial man and
posing it up on YouTube anyway let me
know how do you guys interpret
repetition of a word does it increase
the value of the word or does it just
mean something completely different to
you let me know and I will see you guys
in a week a week or a week week oh wait
not like a week week a week you know I
should stop saying week I have to find
out who texted me then sorry could Nancy
text I was posing in a costume okay it's
porno music slash comment time and yeah
the paper fangs were incredibly
uncomfortable but I was too lazy to go
out and get some so I had to make do the
two possible consequences are being lazy
paper cuts and scurvy and yeah a lot of
you made fun of me wearing a cardigan in
that interrogation scene but I
cold outside and I'm getting old so
leave me alone I must be getting old
though because I'm finding jokes like
this more and more funny
what's a vampire's favorite fruit a neck
deroun oh god you guys are going to stop
watching me soon
