what's up family so something kind of
major happen this week Muslim Woman's
Day March 27th marked the first ever
Muslim Women's Day the largest Muslim
women's media takeover ever we called
upon our allies to pass the mic by
centering Muslim women's voices online
we had dozens of the most visible
digital brands and organizations signed
on its partners MTV refinery29 teen
Vikas post women like a KA they all
pledged to flood the internet with
diverse and positive stories about
Muslim women you might have seen on your
timeline because it was a number one
trending for the entirety of the day
number one this campaign was massive 72
million impressions worldwide Internet
far beyond our inaugural partners were
all tapping into the conversation media
publications that weren't even part of
this campaign where suddenly flooding
the Internet - and of course a ton a ton
of people that stand on the right side
of history also flooded the internet
with messages of solidarity love hold up
I know what some of you might be
thinking why can't we celebrate all
women girl I will give you three reasons
why we need a Muslim Women's Day number
one should be a familiar concept to
understand Muslims are a racialized
group in America and they are a minority
so you know the whole lacking privilege
day number two is that we are being
targeted right now on a very wide scale
kind of seems like an important time to
stand up for us number three is that
given all the conversation happening
around the women's movement Muslim women
are going through some unique issues
right now that directly impact their
livelihood so it makes sense to give
them the space to talk back to me it's
awesome because the number one question
I've been receiving has been what can a
lies do to help well this was kind of a
pretty big way Muslim Woman's Day is a
tangible effective way to actually
empower our voices at a crucial time and
I'll tell you my favorite part it
was entirely a 100% led by Muslim women
I love that because it stays true to the
essence of the entire campaign which is
to Center us this is what Muslim women's
days did yes in addition to being the
message of love and solidarity that we
needed it also spotlighted Muslim
women's work that rarely gets the
attention that it deserves and our
allies used it as an opportunity to give
Muslim women by lines in mainstream
publications that they might otherwise
not have had the opportunity to get into
that is so important because if we're
really going to reclaim our narrative in
the media then it has to be Muslim women
telling the stories our amazing partners
didn't hesitate to rally beside us at a
moment we really needed it they worked
hand in hand with Muslim girl calm to
make sure they did so and the best ways
possible
ah seriously am I looking to dream one
of my favorite parts from this
experience has been the opportunity to
work one-on-one with many of these
publications and many of these
journalists on their story ideas from
some women say that way we could make
sure that the stories were diverse
nuanced and unique not the usual shabby
fashionista type of listicles we are so
over those it showed the potential of
what adequate representation for our
community could look like in the media
and that way this wouldn't be just
another one-hit type of thing but it
would actually impact to the culture the
language and the treatment around
stories representing Muslim women and
some of them were using photos from our
new Getty partnership I can't tell you
how cool it was to see a day where
literally all of mainstream media was
covering positive stories about Muslim
women that's literally never happened
before girls were so taken aback
somewhere like oh my god I didn't know
that we had a holiday for ourselves
others were posting their sleekest
selfies and you know what it did a
tremendous service to making Muslim
women feel more comfortable more at home
more supported more included Muslim
women felt like they were elevated for
the day they were being celebrated for
one this time Muslims were trending on
Twitter and not because of some
terrorist attack but because of a
positive message
which it wasn't even reactionary or
defensive it was just putting us front
and center no I had an entire Muslim
girl army behind me man
my girls are super dope it just makes me
so happy how this turned out because it
makes me feel like we did our part to
make sure that when future generations
look back at this moment they don't ask
how did they let that happen what were
they doing back then were they seriously
just sitting on their asses
now it'll go down in history that we
launched the first ever Muslim women's
day and took over the media in 2017 the
first year of presidency now nobody is
saying that we achieved our goals for
presentation here but it sure is a hell
of a good start we just raised the bar
to a whole new level of representation
for Muslim women in the mainstream and
inshallah with continued work it will
only keep progressing from here I have
honestly always wanted to work on a
campaign of this caliber and just seeing
the impact it had and how happy it made
so many people easily one of the best
days of my entire life
but tomorrow is another day another
battle another hustle another day
another dollar so I will see you back at
the frontlines my friends it's about
time that the world knew that Muslim
women talk back thank you for listening
now if you really love Muslim women make
sure to LIKE comment and subscribe
oh you tuber
ah
