but a family there are literally three
times as many of you through where a
week ago no pressure no pressure at all
so a very warm welcome who are we
kidding it's more like a really loud ass
boisterous as obnoxious as welcome to
all of you all joining me on my journey
here my voice normally it does not sound
like this but I'm not really complaining
for I start I just want to say okay so
I'm gonna hit you with another story
time one thing that I am NOT gonna be is
dramatic like crazy ass story time
youtubers that's not why I'm here
basically what I'm saying is that I am
NOT the hijab eat an emoji but in the
meantime you've all been loving having a
good laugh at my expense so just like
totally fine I'm cool with it I'm cool
yeah so this story always actually it
was so unexplainable to me I really want
you to please in the comments trying to
help me theorize hypothesize how any of
this was possible because it was so
unexplainable to me that I literally
pushed it out of my memory it freaked me
out so bad I'm telling you we went to a
psychic an Islamic shape for this story
we're gonna take it back take it back
two years rewind to 2014-2015 like the
winter of 2014-2015 right like that
little December January is like duck
this is why I had moved to Washington DC
straight out of college you know like I
had gotten a job at a civil rights
organization so I was um cried I was
four or five hour drive away from my
parents and it was just like I'm on my
own and I had this badass roommate named
jaylen or J or JJ my ride-or-die we were
basically renting an apartment in this
like town house turned apartment
building if you live in Washington DC or
ever been there you'll know exactly what
I'm talking about the story begins one
weekend night when I was not home Jay
was
like by herself she'll just like just
gotten home like really late at night I
had a cat at the time cranium was karma
very deliberately named so this night my
roommate gets home by herself she enters
our apartment and right off the bat she
notices that we had this like one light
that had been out like in our apartment
like it wasn't working right never all
of a sudden when she flicked the switch
on that one light flickered on which is
like I guess you could explain like
electricity or whatever but Jay she's
like very chill person not the type of
girl it's like overreact over anything
she's very chilled very smooth if
anything she's like she's a very subdued
reaction to most things and she told me
that not only did it turn on but it was
like flickering like spazzing on and off
enough that it made jayna and freaked
out and you know what when you just
enter a space I just feel like something
is off you know like you just feel that
there's like something in the air I
don't know if it was just Jay being
scared that she was by herself that
night or like whatever but she actually
texted me that night she was like hey
are you coming home like I don't know
why but I just feel really uneasy at
home tonight you know like I just feel
something weird you know also I'm not
the type of person to like freak out
about ghosts or something anything so
that was one thing right yes weird
feelings then the lights flickering then
on top of that karma was literally
acting in Jillian's words like she was
possessed by a demon frantically running
back and forth around the apartment I
feel like she's like seeing something
and like jumping up that thing running
away that's not that's not too unusual
of cats rights but I guess like even her
behavior was enough to put Jay man off
she texted me that night just like all
scared or whatever I'll just like Jay
like shake it off you're a big girl
you'll be fine I was a really negligent
roommate right instead of me being like
oh my god are you okay
no instead I was like Jay grow the F up
you need a nightlight or something and
mind you this is the most mild part of
this story I'm just setting up the
context over here like the setting you
know now we are in the following weekend
right I'm home I'm back in DC back at
the apartment and it's my
time right we're all like a sleeper I'll
pass towered over and karma was sleeping
in Jai's room in the middle of the night
karma starts playing with something
right next to you lads huh she's taking
something like toying with enough to
wake her up in the middle of the night
and my sleepy ass roommate basically
just like rubs whatever karma is playing
with throws across the room so that
karma can GTFO and get away from her and
she can go back to sleep doesn't think
anything of it right
ominous next evening I am in the living
room doing my work right over I hear
jaylen calling from the other room did
you lose a bracelet or something I'm
just like uh I don't know like what what
does it look like
um karma was just playing with this and
then she comes and brings it to me oh my
god the most textbook preper cringy
classic looking beaded bracelet beats as
in those like little old-school square
beads that have letters on them you know
like you don't want and in grade school
like you and your friends and make like
little friendship bracelets looks like
it was made by a child and there's like
colorful beads on each side and then in
the middle all spelled out like some
word like some really strange obscure
word had no idea what it was right so I
was just like that's not mine does not
look like anything any of our friends
would wear or like carry off ever and
ever like so then this is the moment
that I make the fateful decision that I
will never be able to come back from I
went on Google and I typed in the word
that was on the bracelet what do you
think pumped up hmm language translation
an old map for example porn was not
lucky enough to have it be any of these
things instead the search that it
returned was an obituary obituary wery
Oh what that obscure word on the beaded
bracelet was the nickname and last name
of a woman that had passed away one year
ago from the weekend that Jay man felt
crazy ish going on in our apartment we
screamed y'all so freaked out we were
considering getting a hotel room and
going somewhere for the night in fact
I'm pretty sure that Jay lad went and
spent the night on our friend
so now that we've established that we
are literally the unluckiest girls on
earth that we live in a freaking haunted
apartment and that I probably need to
exercise my cat lick the freaking
poltergeist I'm like okay there has to
be some type of logical explanation for
this right cats get into the little
nooks and crannies then like maybe
someone that used to live here had a
grandma and they had a beaded bracelet
with her but it was just really hard for
me to explain for example right you want
to have like a bracelet for a person
that you love that care about whatever
it's like your grandma for example you'd
probably put on there like grandma or
like I don't know like some type of like
nickname forever and ever
not their full freakin identifiable name
I think that's what freaked me out the
most it's like the bracelet wasn't
intended to memorialize someone it was
intended for us to know the exact
specific individual and it had like a
little nickname or something for that
woman kind of have to be in the know
with that person to know what the
nickname is and I did my research
aka I creeped the F out of this name
online and the obituaries were the only
thing that I could find - her name and
this woman died like way out in Florida
or California or something basically
like totally far away from DC so I just
don't understand how this bracelet ended
up there so how did my roommate and I
decide to Olivia Pope this and handle
the situation you asked
we immediately lit up some incense to
like freakin rinse the apartment evil
spirit flailing around with all this
like incense smoke everywhere hoping
that this will somehow be the evil
spirit disinfected that we need to
purify our living situation so naive of
us to think that that's all it was gonna
take then we took the specific culprit
in question
aka the demon bracelet and I had like a
glass jar for some reason you know like
we're Arabs aka we always find a
different function for kitchen
containers and this jars new life
purpose was to contain the evil spirit
that was this bead bracelet I plopped
that thing right in there I screwed it
on tight I chose
our newly minted ginger and I placed it
right on top of our fireplace smack-dab
in the living room I remember
specifically telling Jay we are keeping
this right here and clear view so we
always know where it is at all times I
don't want to hide it in a closet
somewhere and then always be in the back
of my head like what if this jar
resurfaces somehow or is the jar still
there at the back of the closet where we
threw it I wanted to make sure I knew
where the beast was at all time such a
bad idea
I come home from work one day and the
ginger has fallen off of the fireplace
laws of physics what possible force
nothing else on top of the fireplace was
knocked off we had candles up there we
had lights we had like no it was just
the ginger I literally wanted to throw
up I call up Jay immediately I'm like
dude do you recall the ginger being on
the floor um no it was on the fireplace
that's my mental capacity obviously just
could not handle this I instead decide
to write it off yet again and I'm just
like no it has to be the cat it has to
be a gust of wind somehow so I pick up
the ginger and I return it right back to
where it belongs on top of the fireplace
so I know exactly where it is lord help
me how do I say this I come home the
next day and it is on the floor again
yes because the universe hates you
obviously at this point I am Kayode game
over I am done
thinner than Meek Mill in 2016 I tell
jaylen and we are through
we are over it that night we went to a
psychic so I can get out of organ what's
good at mom know what's up and this
psychic basically says something along
the lines of yes there are spirits but
they're not gonna harm you they're not
like evil spirits she'll accept me and
tells me that I'm a psychic that I have
some supernatural psychic abilities
we go to bed that night was just
slightly a bit more relief like okay I
guess they're not gonna try to possess
us like they possessed karma and we
promptly take the jar and we go to the
mosque with us we actually requested a
formal meeting with the head of the
mosque like the heavy mob the Islamic
Sheikh the scholar to present to him
this jar and to do something I don't
even know what we're expecting him to
sprinkle some holy quran on us or
something we literally had a formal ass
meeting you guys so he walk into this
room it's a long conference table he's
sitting at the end of it we're sitting
on the other end of it vision jar is
right in the middle between us the
contained spirit the captured jinn like
a freaking pokeball like right there and
we're just sitting around it pondering
it trying to explain it basically what
this sheikh tells us is y'all before
Islam in your lives y'all need weren't
God y'all need the Lord
he was like calm down go home play some
holy qur'an recitation' in the
background let it linger everything will
be okay we're just scratching our heads
like everything's gonna be okay
all we got to do is play some good on
man hell nah we have a jib jar right now
so our meeting was promptly over and as
Jalen and I are leaving this mosque we
look at each other and we're like he
clearly isn't threatened by this jar in
any way so why don't we just gift it to
them right outside the doors of the
mosque in the lawn we find this little
plot of soil we take the jar we plop it
in there and we bury it and the front
lawn of the moss okay there's always
Quran recitations playing it - Moss
great oh my god you know a scary thought
that I just had I wonder the jar is
still buried there so that was my crazy
ass first apartment yeah happens like I
said please in the comments below try to
help me make sense of this I cannot wait
to hear from all of you guys all my new
friends and my new family thank you so
much for the support and like being cool
with me like all up in your grill like
this you know like oh love look whoa and
being my loud-ass self thank you also if
there are other videos you want me to be
doing and you've let me know in the
comments below make sure to LIKE comment
and subscribe
hashtag Pro youtubers
