happy Valentine's Day being as
exceptionally single as I am I could
have let this be day roll around without
being a total Betty buzzkill so why not
use this a wondrous occasion this
beautiful highly inclusive not at all
commercialized occasion to totally talk
about the time that his GF PM's me on
Twitter so this is literally my first
story time please excuse the fact if I'm
totally violating sometimes story time
etiquette I just thought that I would
jump in front of a camera right now and
like tell a story because like why not
write without getting it away I'm just
gonna call him
I'm gonna call sky photo okay so the
story starts like any great dating story
in the Millennial age story which is on
Instagram followed each other we were
liking each others photos or whatever
commenting here and there he found me on
Facebook added me pull it into the
Facebook messenger from there he got the
number from there we started texting
from Mayan I just thought he was a
really cool guy like yeah okay obviously
first impression I was taking attention
to the sky because I thought it was
attractive okay no he was like really
hot I was enjoying his company but it
wasn't anything like I was catching
feelings for him whatsoever this was a
guy I just connected with on social
media he's like she's literally was like
one of my followers I thought it was
cool because he really it was supportive
of my work and everything like that
personally just uh he was so much fun
and he was very chill very laid-back he
was definitely the type of guy that I
could just like talk to and I know he
was like cheer me up or like just be
funny and just whatever very chill very
low-key it kind of just grew from there
right we're like talking stuff like that
I was getting that like happy eye a text
when I rolled her out and stuff like
that but it was anything serious things
were just super casual and friendly and
really fun until I had an event in his
City then things started getting a
little bit interesting you know I was in
a city so he hit me up and was like
you're only in town for one night let me
take you out like let's go out for
dinner let's go out for like dessert do
something like you he made it abundantly
clear that he wanted to
to be one-on-one as well I was like meet
up with like a group of friends and
stuff like that and who's like oh okay
you know he gave me enough notice that
he wanted it to be like something sweet
low-key night everything so I was down
for it you know I definitely was
spending only one night in this city
wanted it to be like a good time aligns
like how I did stuff I was like oh why
not like I'll meet up with this guy and
he's really nice already very sweet cute
it was really nice because he drove like
an hour out of his way to come pick me
up from where I was staying and take me
out and I remember I like when he first
got in the car just how tall he was I
was like wait you're way cuter that I
thought you were even like on social
media that's always such a pleasant
surprise when people are more attractive
than they are in social media you know
since usually the other way around but
yeah so it's like whoa okay like you're
cute already I was like all right so
that could be fun pretty good time and
everything get in this car and he
decides that he wants to do things in
Reverse so he wants to have dessert
first and then go for dinner and then
like go for a walk or something I love
that was cute so it's like okay I'm down
for that
so we went and we got dessert just like
really pop in place like it was lit it
was where everyone was that night and he
got me like the same order that he got
we made a nickname out of it for him
AFET nicknames literally I changed my
taste his name in my phone into that
nickname for him from dessert and it
still is that nickname in my phone I
never even like to use that contact
anymore I probably was actually after
that nickname
we got dessert and then we had our first
like cute walk where we spent like an
hour like getting to know each other and
like talking about it to this blonde
like it got really deep and really
personal really fast
we're like already talking about what
growing up was like and like all this
stuff and you know how bullied we were
how much we were out ha that's always
really annoying to me you know because
it's like it's such an easy in with me
to whatever role play it I guess so we
already were definitely connecting and
like getting personal with each other
and stuff like that then it was time to
go for dinner this is interesting we
like went to this like local spot for
dinner and over dinner we just continued
going deeper and deeper into this
convert
now suddenly we're talking about family
family issues family upbringing he was
telling me about just so much hardship
that he had gone through it really
really tugged at my heartstrings I
really felt for the kid you know I just
felt really connected to him because of
that we both had you we both had just
like been through a lot you know having
that connection with someone I guess
like feeling feeling there paid almost
for me is that prompted me to feel like
oh my god I really wish I could take
away that pain from him somehow
it was like we wrapped up pretty quick
because they don't like the food so I
think it's kind of with local conscious
about that or something but like I
really didn't care what went into the
parking lot after that really really
emotional conversation I'm like how far
do I go do I tell do I tell them
actually I'm going to be reeling up for
me like yes I am a Muslim girl born and
raised Muslim so I really don't go there
with guys you know the whole modesty
thing the whole premarital sex thing you
know there's like a bunch of guidelines
to go along with it I really haven't
dived in too deep in those waters yet I
probably only started actually dating
over the past year or two so this is all
like new territory to me I'm literally
learning this as I go you guys are
watching the top end you know and for
this situation this is the first time
that I was in a very like emotional
embrace with a man as prudish as that
may sound we were in the parking lot and
we just like posted up on this car I
remember just like feeling this like raw
emotion of just like wanting to hug him
and like take away his pain so I did it
hugged him and he hugged me and it was
like this lingering embrace where I even
when I want to like pull away like and
break the hug he pulled me back in just
like held me tighter and we just stood
there for a really long time it was
really nice I still would say even after
all that the IPOP feelings for him but I
think I was definitely like interested
at this point like this is I was like
okay this is cool he's a really cute guy
that I'm attracted to he's really
to me we have a lot in common and we
have this connection going and he likes
me too so when I got back to New York we
started texting way more we started
having those like late-night phone calls
we started having to FaceTime and it
continued like that for like several
weeks I was enjoying it it was fun
during this entire time he kept on
talking about how he was going to come
to New York to visit me really wanted to
come but he's in school he doesn't have
the money yet all this stuff but like he
was talking about it was about to happen
any day and I mean literally he was
already talking about the places that he
wanted me to take him to in Brooklyn
everything great so this was happening
but luckily within those short weeks
I got another invitation to go out to
like his state write event so it was
like nearby was in another city but I
remember telling him I wouldn't mind
coming out early and like coming to
visit you spend time with you and stuff
before my event and he thought it was
such a great idea so we talked about it
everything but then like you know we
play continued on with their
conversations and everything and it
stayed that way but then life's days
were passing and yeah that was coming
closer and closer and then finally I
brought it up again and I was like hey
so my event is right around the corner
talked about the details and everything
so I can like book my flight and then he
didn't text me back and the thing is
with me is if you leave me on a read
receipt or I'm the last person to test
you can wait until the end of time I'm
not texting you a second time like we're
done like it The Hobbit I didn't text
him first again after that because like
I'm petty like that and he didn't text
me again after that so it literally just
died right there it's dead in the water
literally the last time I spoke to this
kid was the text message that said what
are we going to do about this visit we
never need each other up like he he did
text me back I hit him up again and that
was it I didn't really ask any questions
like when things like that happen when
things don't work out with guys I really
don't sweat it too much I just take it
as everything happens for a reason with
this guy specifically I honestly just
like okay he probably has a girl or
something like whatever you know but it
always did in the back of my
had because it was going so well so it
always was just like I wonder what
happened you know like I remember
staying myself like I really hope it
just like reveals itself you know like
why things fell off with this kid fast
forward a couple of months and I'm on
Twitter I'm being my usual petty self
and I decide to post a meme so I posted
this tweet that said something along the
lines of your man crush Monday is
blowing up my inbox and getting engaged
to two weeks later because like ain't
that the truth right ladies and then
within a few minutes I get a DM from one
of my followers hashtag OMS move oops
right what are my followers I had never
spoken to before in my entire life she
hit me up and was like hey Imani I know
that he posted this tweet as a joke but
it actually really spoke to me and I
want to reach out to you because I have
been really hurt by a guy recently and
your tweet spoke to me the guys wanted
to reach out and see if you could share
some like self love tips for me like so
some self-care tips about how I can get
over this so I responded and I was like
oh hey like what happened you know like
tell me about it she starts telling me
about this guy that she was seeing who
she was monogamous with for a year and
she had just discovered that he had been
cheating on her with somebody and she's
broken up with him and it was just like
this complete crap show and all the
stuff was like going down and she felt
cornered she felt very easy advantage of
used and cheated and she could really be
vocal about it or anything because she
said that this guy has a name in her
cities so I got adjusted all the sudden
I was like oh okay like he has the name
of your city would I know who he is
and she said actually yeah you mentioned
that he took you out the last time that
you were in town why wait wait what what
do you mean wait what I'm very very
obviously like very flexible types of
people that I link up with in like
different cities so I would know right
I'm just like all of a sudden still
curious as to who this person is so I do
younger bags I was like
Oh what's his name drops the name and
yes lo and behold it is cut up Lord of
all cut up what I yeah you literally
can't write the stuff out you can't
write anybody you can't script this I
was just in awe this is probably the
first situations I knew of in which I
was like the other woman or whatever
which is like really gross talk about
trust issues like as if I already didn't
have enough of those yeah this
definitely like took the cake I don't
know if she knew I was like her low-key
way of like letting me know which is
what some of my friends thought or if it
was literally by sheer freaking
coincidence that the studio I was
talking to had a girlfriend who was one
of my followers who also saw this tweet
of mine and then DM to me about it which
is like literally absurd but this is
just a lesson learned that boys ate fish
this is my lovely Valentine's Day story
for you all for everyone that is single
AF status just like me I'm really hoping
that you're going to enjoy your Netflix
and chill tonight it's all about you
really like what is Valentine's Day at
end of the day besides like some really
really great capitalistic opportunity to
cash in on our intimate relationships DM
situation and our deepest desires to
just be loved like seriously WTF what is
this I say we just boycott Valentine's
Day but then again I'm super single so
my opinion doesn't even count on this
day like I said this is my first story
times ever so if you want to encourage
me to do an even better job please
comment like what you think let me know
your thoughts and also if you want to
see more videos like these then how
about you give a thumbs up to this video
I heard that youtubers are supposed to
say that so please give a thumbs up make
sure you subscribe because I stood a
collab Lilly Singh aka superwoman which
means
must be poppin subscribe we'll have fun
and happy Valentine's Day
