morning look at the Jesus statue there's
literally a cloud right there how cool
is that
well I'm up for the sunrise in Rio not
because I'm up early but because yo girl
just did not go to sleep smart okay so
the reason why I am up so early as
because my friends from car magazines
Brazil are here paid a visit to my hotel
room so that we can do a shoe and like
an interview which are really excited
about how make up we have a stylist over
here going on like look at this
setting up the wardrobe and stuff to
move we're gonna do a photo shoot on the
rooftop of this hotel and we're gonna
use my room as the staging should a
woman dress in public or you know is it
okay for anyone wearing nail polish or
made my burn over it I was like this has
nothing to do with the issues I'm
dealing with as a teenage Muslim girl
like the bullying I have to endure the
Islamic phobia the hatred like having to
grow up those 9/11 like no one was
talking about these shocking right
everyday lives
okay can you all check out my after look
senses the look for the shoot today
these are all literally diamonds like I
have never worn this much ice on my body
in my entire life and there's gonna be
two look I don't know how these guys are
gonna top this one because this is
literally the best I've ever looked like
this is sugar low that's the price
that's the true brother and then there's
a gaseous stone which is also like very
famous as we're setting up the set I'm
just gonna use this as an opportunity to
stare at myself some more tell me a
little about the book how is it
different from the website is it a way
to share your point of view with people
outside of it
absolutely I wrote the book first and
foremost of course where it was like
most girls and minds I really just
wanted some have a book that they can
see themselves in and you know a book
that they can feel proud of when they
walk into a bookstore and see it I'm
sitting on the shelf but you know I
definitely wrote it with a non-muslim
audience in mind
look these old chains on my wrists are
literally the choker I was ring before
broken up into bracelets
these are cuffs that I got from express
weight so how much is this one are you
kidding online someone would not
hesitate to cut off my wrist to get this
off okay I think we got the shot and
that that's a wrap literally it's the
best you know Photoshop my life so far
all right the moment has come where I
have to relinquish the jewels I'm David
by depression and depression where is
the bag I think it doesn't it doesn't
want to come off yeah it's just a red
box this instant all this one just wants
this isn't it legitimately stuck
actually they're like laughing but
they're like we will cut your finger off
this is not such a like listed a
touristic place so we fewer with a local
it's easier to get otherwise they're not
gonna know probably not so I got the VIP
right I got the local guys I was right
it is a cultural thing there's no milk
or cream on top here this trinket block
I drink my coffee was like so much
caramels pre-miranda that doesn't sound
like coffee anymore okay so sadly my
short time in Brazil has come to an end
and I'm right back at the airport less
than 48 hours later kind of like a
little bit nervous because I got held up
as a security checkpoint yet again
literally every single time like looking
at me and saying something Portuguese
national security immediately right one
of the bombs make me take off my
headscarf
do a pat-down actually can we like
search your bag but I was like this is
this is racism like this literally puts
on muscle she takes my bag to the side I
got my phone and I just started
videotaping that protest and she sees me
like that I'm taping it I got it sure
it's on the information and then changed
it back to me
thank you and kind of like it's really
rooted out in the luxury lounge now
charge up all my things before my flight
start sporting and I'm like I'll talk
about how much I'll mr. gazelle and
colonnades and all the people wear that
I met here and like how much you want to
come back at another point because
