such an awesome photo from today so I'm
all changed and boarded this flight to
Brazil I'm suit says find the beyond
freaking plan I've never been on the
plane that he was gonna edit this vlog
together then I'm going to knock out and
get some sleep because still running on
that or not
hold it next time you see me I'll be
Brazil
just landed in San Paolo I can I flight
to Rio and I think up a little bit of it
inappropriately dressed for the weather
okay much better major Kira charlie is
layers you can't disrespect something
like Brazilian weather another key is to
have a huge pair of glasses on deck for
what your eye makeup is up and
you need to cover that ish up and I'm
saying that toothpaste not sponsored
another major key and yes I do use my
deodorant I just think it's much better
another key
so we just got through customs you know
right before takeoff on a plane when
they're like but everything when is all
abuzz so I had to put my laptop away
while i was editing so she's like all
right I guess there's nothing to do for
the next 10 or so minutes but just like
sit here I actually like passed out and
then stayed completely passed out for
the entire duration of the nine-hour
flight the first several hours of that I
was sleeping upright and I was in
first-class Co like I needed to take
advantage of that bed woke up in the
middle of the night was just like
where's the bed and I like hit the
button and then adjusted but like still
you can't waste hours been a first-class
ticket arrivals look at that solid all
just like waiting for their loved ones
to arrive from an international flight I
wish I do away from the road with their
board they got mac and literally every
Airport on planet earth just stuffing
such on it
if I hocked atrium and they don't serve
your dreams there I just might not
really interesting that's okay you know
why I literally
the company and watch mine too
I just occurred to me that I think this
is the first time since grease that i'm
visiting like another culture
finally someone waiting for me on my
arrival so let's finally make it I got
it you've been waiting for a while right
made it to the hiss of my organizers and
now we're just waiting for my ride to
the parking garage but I'm just taking
in that Brazilian me right now I'm
excited to get the heck out of his
airport I just want to show this is it
wasn't clear already i'm in result for
the wired festival I cannot wait you
definitely can't see it from here but at
the top right there is where the jesus
statue is and do you know what what the
name of my talk is what mass
communication so was about to open the
window so I can you know like hang my
camera out so I can get better footage
but the driver won't let me and he said
that it's because in this area people
snatch tangs what happened on the
newscast Oh
and they did you a couple ideas and the
guy just bouncing tried to steal her
necklace covering the like I guess
theory or never as she's reporting on it
they tried to snatch it was gonna steal
my camera front of a church right person
in the strip
that's where what a buildup of pliers
would I love your lipstick
very cool in here you guys yeah
thank you gonna speak to me about my
yesterday I read something I ok
can you have a breakup season yeah yeah
swinging records definitely look good I
am so sorry to my personal trainer but
come on oh my god who organized was just
got me Brazilian tea because I said
never had it it's supposed to be still
good okay its history no hamachi oh my
god sha sha sha okay do you know what it
is an Arabic shy and in urdu chai yeah
so cool multi-cultural look like so
refreshing yeah I love it and I saw a
lot of things on the internet on some
some guy who put some German guy was
like now I man who's laughing now
America because now you just elected
your own prison yep I just changed in a
media room that was emptied in order for
me common way to transform into human
being look look my luggage is just like
still all with me and everything didn't
get a chance to go to their hotel before
we got to the festival is such a time
crunch and it looks like I'm gonna go
head straight onto the stage in a few
moments which you know obviously is an
ideal
I have like what 20 hours of travel on
here and saying what there's nothing I
want more than just like a big cold
shower equals isn't the first time that
I've had to go straight from like the
airport or a train station like what
have you and Ray on stage we're going to
do but duty calls and when duty calls yo
girl answer had also 391 take like such
good care of me too sweet all right I
have to take care of this role I click
change although this I got to hear the
boos and then hop onto maybe 10
the same image of over and of course
that image looks like a very negative
one this is something that is very
important to me that I speak about a lot
people who are to comet Isaac media and
making these issues that these for
even when the people see what they have
all the power like the corporations like
them
controller social media places that
power in our own hands okay and i just
got off the stage I'm sweating was I was
so much fun that was such a great crowd
we're about to how cool of conversations
was the media and stuff like that and
over that's going to be my god I think
it's the drone in captivity are you
controlling it
I just beat these awesome new friends
here in Brazil I am and cadets yeah
but you're what's it goes to love patty
not freaking data she literally just
came up to introduce yourself real quick
and we've been in a conversation like
half half hour because it's just like
you literally just said
you're all collected we are we met
festival is start drawing tech close I'm
on my way back to the hotel I'm actually
so sad to leave this event because it
was just so much fun it was so well put
together the people that were there were
just amazing a bunch of these bad ass
brazilian women doing badass things
really coming up to me introducing
themselves and stuff this one hair came
up to me and told I really wish I got
them in the vlog and good get a chance
to but I want to give a shout to their
blog first of all ignore the cracked
screen yeah we gotta feel like a cracked
screen is like a battle scars and I have
no signal but we're the stuff right
again calm she told me that they are a
woman's in power and judging by how
badass they were when I met them like
literally their friend that was taking
our selfie was wearing an assata shakur
shirt so they were still about us really
which I got the blog up if you're seeing
this shouts thank you so much for
introducing yourself like seriously I'm
so excited about meeting just like
freaking prolific woman at these
organizers made sure I was well taken
care of I was well-fed even accommodated
um you know like my itinerary when I
told them like this this thing with
Obama popped up thank you too wired for
feeling like our project in our voice
deserves to be represented here but I
think I'm gonna cut the vlog here i am
here in brazil for the first time ever
on a saturday night like how much
clearer can i get i mean honestly I
should probably stop talking right now
for an criminate myself or like you know
get the hurom police on my butt oh my
god where are you going out too late I'm
just gonna cut this now okay good night
I got such a cool elevator nice right on
the city skyline they know me
oh my god okay i freaking love the
designs in here what the heck and i got
a pair of flip-flops cut enjoy the you
to experience cut is like a yemeni drug
on the ceiling wait a second i have a
feeling this is gonna be extraordinary
oh oh my god you guys look it's the
jesus statue you can see it from my
hotel room wow look how lit that is I
mean I'm sure you can see it from like a
lot of places in Rio but that's so cool
hello hello Hugh shower can't with this
and it's to change
