hey remember me not gonna lie a lot of
things have happened and since the last
time we talked I kind of did something a
little crazy I wrote a book I do realize
that these are really important moments
these are the times in my journey that I
want to look back on and also that I
want to share with all of you I thought
that it'd be a good idea to start
vlogging and I've never really vlog
before
so naturally I declare day one as the
day that my book was published so let's
start off on the morning of October 18th
2016 I started my day off at 5 o'clock
in the morning and we are kicking it off
we don't we don't need it from you our
purposes right now have today marked off
in my calendar as birthday something my
birthday
it's the book's birthday the book came
out today this morning started off at
CNN in the studio alive we talked a lot
about the Syrian refugee crisis which is
great and then went back to the
apartment which I literally just moved
in their loss tonight after getting back
from Boston I looked two o'clock in the
morning or something I gave birth today
today's birthday
today's Muslim girl book birthday I'm
already getting hit up by people that
have gotten their hands on air I started
listening to the audiobook it's so
exciting
like I can't tell you how it feels just
like how people quoting your words crazy
hey there's Marines just when I thought
I was lost
to money all Kotoko is a young girl
living new New Jersey when the terrorist
attacks of 9/11 shook the country
I like beginning chains and she began to
write about those changes in her blog
when she found her called Muslim girl
car women have far fewer rights in the
Middle East and I think that that's just
quantitatively true anything that that's
a problem that a lot of people in the
West we have and that's why we have sort
of this question marks about the way
they treat women may be weird okay so we
just walked out of salon we just wrapped
up that interview which was actually
live we got one more interview booked
for this afternoon
okay you can water ice water I would
love water but not ice water because
just whether it's going up so there's
this picture of Kim Kardashian Kang my
book holding the top spot yeah yeah I
know no outlet is using it I'm just like
this is the Holy Grail right now we are
on our way we're gonna go find the
Muslim girl book at the bookstore for
the first time and I'm gonna buy couple
copies because why the hell not
it's my freaking bucks
I'm scared
I'm scared
we're gonna buy some books today
people have no idea of it they just
think I'm a psycho thank you thank you
to the publication day come to the
closest point zero one - thank you so
much
I'm sucks I feel like I feel like I do
today seriously you guys I'm like
freaking sweating she's like were you
running around from Barnes and Nobles
points and Noble I'm just like no just
this one's in oh boy okay so I am going
to have to end this video here because
there's actually an entire portion of
the night of the evening that took place
after that as well but that's probably
gonna be its own separate video but if
you are wondering what to expect next
then just know that this is only the
beginning and they can't wait for you to
join me for the ride now as an honorary
youtuber I'm obligated to tell you to
subscribe like so please do that and
help you learn how to vlog bye
