hello jumpman what's that my Jordans
almost up it's true my birthday is may
six yeah which means that yes my Michael
Jordan year is coming to a close for
those who don't know what a Michael
Jordan year is it's basically when
you're 23 for me it was quite the
magical year so since I have a few days
left until my birthday I figured I would
put them to good use by sharing
everything that I learned from this past
year one of the biggest milestones from
my Michael Jordan year was getting on
the forbes 30 under 30 list which was a
longtime dream of mine so I'm going to
be using that kind of like a theme
throughout these lessons so that
hopefully they benefits someone and can
help you make your dreams come true wait
Mookie smalls now listen carefully to
this one hold on to your passion for
dear life when i graduated college in
2014 my dad SAT me down he had a talk
with me and she said emmanuel listen
maybe now that you're out of school it's
time to get a little serious maybe it's
time to get a real job enough with this
hobby of the internet and you only took
a year from that conversation for muslim
girl calm to become the first muslim
company to get on the forbes 30 under 30
list so stick to it and if your parents
are giving you a hard time then let them
watch this video the mental struggle is
half the battle sometimes you have more
to offer people than you think you do
the only competition you have is
yourself think about it if you're the
greatest it will naturally emerged that
you're the greatest and if you do have
that spot then the only way you will
keep that spot is if you continue
outdoing yourself why lower your
standards by competing against anyone
else own your success f imposter
syndrome except that sometimes you just
outgrow people learn to be okay with it
be your own rider die the haters are
irrelevant they prove that the second
they become haters because while they're
wasting their time
hating on you you are using your time to
do all the things that they're hating on
one of the craziest conversations that I
had was during an episode of the girls
room on Muslim girl calm a highlight
episode will be brought on these really
exceptional women that have been making
headlines all year we did an interview
with them I asked them at is everything
that they accomplish these incredible
mountains that they've climbed what was
the biggest struggle along the way to my
incredible surprise every single one of
them said that the biggest struggle
what's the hate that they got for their
success that's really sad that when we
see badass women doing badass things all
we can do is hit on it instead of be
inspired by it encourage it empower it
bottom line is keep doing you I
guarantee you that my haters are
watching this video right now release
the bad energy from your life I promise
that when you do positive energy will
come flooding in to replace it don't
worry about getting a bay the day will
come you just focus on slain if there's
a risk that you've been wanting to take
forever but you've just been terrified
of taking it then close your eyes take a
deep breath and jump visualize your
success when I was working at my
nine-to-five in DC after i graduated
college for that entire year in my
office I had the cover of the forbes 30
under 30 issue with david karp on it the
founder of tumblr and it was right there
right by my computer monitor that I
would look at every single day I even
told one of my best friends all the way
back in January that 2016 was going to
be the year that Muslim girl got on
board plus spoiler alert it did don't
get too attached to anything or anyone
be like bamboo be flexible with the
winds and any weight that might fall on
your shoulders even if you don't expect
it but never let it break you things can
always get worse and they might the
reason why I'm even sitting here with
you today and having this conversation
with you is a result of a long series of
unfortunate events of
not working out the way that I planned
for them to I wrote an entire column
about this for Forbes com which I'll
link in the description box below
everything happens for a reason even if
you don't believe in God then at least
as your friend trust me when I tell you
this one word retard self care is queen
this is a major key be open to
constructive criticism we're all this
together babe your intuition is your
biff it's never wrong if you think that
you might have missed the mark it's not
because your intuition was off it's
because you just weren't fully tapped
into it open your eyes stay humble and
be grateful for every blessing you
attain every step of the way be good to
yourself reuse your self-esteem and
learn that you deserve better as soon as
you do that you're going to inevitably
raise the standards for everyone around
you and how they treat you and more
importantly you're going to raise your
own standards for how you treat yourself
don't doubt yourself boo boo leave that
to other people your job is to prove
them wrong
