Am I
where do I belong home where is so
is it a place people and memories
or is it pain is it the unknown will I
find out more about Who I am and where I
belong
searching for the grandmother I never
met
I remember when I got told to get the
other country and go back home for the
very first time it it totally shocked me
and I remember being so pissed off I was
like yes maybe I will go home as soon as
I can figure out where home is because I
have no idea where is home and that's
been one of the biggest questions on my
life because I'm still figuring it out
it first started when I was 18 by myself
I went to Indonesia piecing together the
clues of my grandmother's origins the
clues eventually took me to this one
village in the middle of nowhere however
I was interrupting a feast yet they
still invited me to join them with such
warmth the village elder a lady sat at
the head of the table and throughout the
whole feast wouldn't take her eyes off
me worried I had intruded I I asked her
grandson to see if I had unknowingly
offended it's nothing
just I feel like I recognized this boy's
face she said now how stupid for human
thinking while I was thinking but I took
all the oldest pictures I had of my
grandmother and I passed it down to her
she stared at the pictures looked up at
me I stared back down at the pictures
the next thing I remember was her
hugging me from behind and tears
streaming down her face down onto me
I knew your grandmother as a child she
said she she was my best friend
we heard that she left the country on a
boat and we never saw her again
you must stay you are my grandson I was
totally overwhelmed and I for once had a
connection to someone I've never met
this woman couldn't answer my questions
about my grandmother's origins back
there
and my journey failed but now years
later I'm setting out again to find my
answers just never thought she was
important no we never we know she talked
about Indonesia and how good choice to
say ah you know Indonesia is better but
this is one of the biggest regrets we I
have I just took it for granted you know
I'm going to individual to find out more
about your mother
is there any advice I'm ashamed to say I
know very little English but even then I
don't think she would tell us the whole
story
it was like to keep some things to
myself
pull your heart use your brains and they
all open a lot of those for you to find
what is useful and productive which is
enlighten us inspire us we just used to
this great border
who was my grandma when she come for my
mushy Bolognese and things I don't know
when and this trip is the first time
Elijah get them
I hope find answers to these really
really important questions
hey I'm really Franco and Hana is half
Indonesian off French B she was born and
raised in UK just like me she's kind of
a better to talk to you because she's
lived here she didn't Breton she she
understands and she coaches I'm trying
to navigate at the same time and she's
really cool I mean for me why I think
it's so important for you to know who
you are and with you specifically going
on this journey to find out who you are
is because like sometimes subconsciously
things that I do or things I say or that
attitude that I kind of have and it
doesn't necessarily strike a chord with
specific people but then when I learn
more about my culture or where I'm from
and I find I see like oh snap what I
just did is a very Buddhist thing or the
way I am it's a very Buddhist thing and
it when you find your kind of your
peoples especially when you're someone
who's from so many places I think that's
a really beautiful thing if anything is
to give your own yourself some comfort
in in who you are and why you are a
specific way or why you believe in a
specific way or how you got to where you
are now however cliche it sounds you
it's true you never know where you're
gonna be ahead if you don't know your
history and you don't know your route
I'm
getting a train to solo when my
grandmother was born and I'm feeling a
mixture of things a range of emotions
one is extreme excitement wait I've been
dreaming of this such a long time but
also means get scared because no one
wanted to do something for so long you
just pray that it's everything you want
it to be embrace this experience it's
gonna be emotional it's gonna be tricky
you might come you might discover things
that you weren't expecting at all this
picture is one a few clues I have to my
grandmother's origins I was told that
there's a meaning to the patty dress
that she's wearing
I took the Buddy clue to the most famous
buttock village called c'mon and solo
there
admit Kenan a really good friend of mine
who luckily has connections to some of
the most knowledgeable artisans in the
country the batik is useful because I've
learned that traditionally buttock was
so much more than just fabric each
unique buttock pattern was an indicator
of an individual's origins village class
family and even aged batik was like an
individual's ID card so my grandmother's
picture and her body could be a clue to
learn more about her and her origins do
we know what kind of kebaya that is this
one right
so that it's little middle Java Central
Japanese right you know my uppity ma'am
she said that your grandmother might be
the upper-class one yes
she's wearing like this Jen but she
knows like a buttock that from Chinese
like a mixture of Chinese and then
Indonesia Wow
it's like not everyone could wear until
the patina but the upper-class take
pictures like that James III come from
like up atop Indonesian reach yeah so my
grandma was a classy lady
so he said that your grandma's buttock
is like similar like this like it has a
bright color and a lot of flowers with
the help you've been able to track down
ones that look as similar
it's one of my grandma's wearing this
would be for me it'd be it means so much
to me if I'm able to wear something of
my grandma's in my future wedding or a
day that means a lot to me to have her
represented or present in some sort of
way a history of virtue a tradition the
but he confirmed that my grandmother was
central Javanese from solo but it also
told me something I'd never known about
her before that she had come from an
upper-class wealthy Indonesian family
and the reason they stuck with me is
that it was so far removed from the
humble and simple life I know she lived
in little Mombasa why did she come to
Africa with nothing when in Indonesia
she had everything regardless my
grandmother had never mentioned any of
this before and what I've learned is
that she evidently didn't deem it
important enough to in turn it taught me
that she was a woman who prioritized the
hope of her family's future over the
grief of her pause
it felt like this adventure had taken
one step closer to finding
so now we're at the celebrities salons
almost always like Japanese salad
it's basically brought from European
colony name right in here there's a
fusion between the colonial feeling my
but a living relative of my grandmother
I had Spence trying to track down has
suddenly caught me back out of the blue
it was the first time we'd ever spoken
so we kind of stopped our meal continued
this conversation which is crucial
because she has all the clues as to
where I'm from where my grandma was born
the area and thank God she was helping
me translate we asked her everything
names locations addresses anything she
could tell us my fila my my eyes has
exploded you know when you feel like you
know something and then you start from
zero everything we thought we knew about
my grandma oh it was wrong that's all I
thought my grandma's on me solo but
she's actually from
I'm Hargitay anymore and I feel like a
part of me failed its failed I have
another completely wrong place
and you think this information would be
comforting but actually ironically is
the complete opposite I embarrassed and
hurt about actually how little I know
about her history I continued going on
this journey thinking do I want to know
more well I just feel worse about it
finally I have an address
China legend tutorial but I don't have
time I have to get giddy no matter what
it takes
but the road is long and the road is
difficult
but the closer I get the more tense I
feel
and the more I learn the more
disconnected I feel I can help us think
why would my grandma leave such a
beautiful country like this but I know
this feeling I grew up and detached from
my history and culture I'm not from the
West enough to be Western I'm not from
the east enough to be Eastern I just
keep swinging between everybody there
normally anything
I finally arrived legend suit oil the
street my grandmother was born and
raised
take it all it sounds
one thing we show that everyone is
looking at me how do you have that
London trying okay honestly maybe I'll
meet someone who knows something going
with the flow guy acutally London but
nanny aku no champurrado camel grappa de
cine grappa Tahoe de cine camo Tahoe
many aku Illya Illya
let me see anyone doing anything I say
more Danny
oh cool man boy video ident on you dope
neon made out
the kind old man showed me my
grandmother's address but it wasn't what
I expected he told me that the Dodge had
torn down the house 50 years ago and
built a school in a church with a Dutch
the reason my grandmother never
any secular parabola poverty retained
you know of course I would have loved to
have seen something of my grandma's here
some sort of like profits in your house
to kind of see that where she would have
grown up in unfortunately I don't have
that luxury but of all the things I
could have been built on top of
somewhere where my grandma used to
reside
a school is probably top of the list
phase where young people get educated in
line and I'm sure she wouldn't totally
ever read that we went Muslims and it's
a church but that doesn't bother me it's
just a beautiful place spirituality and
I'm glad that people are able to connect
to something higher somewhere where my
grandmother wanted it that isn't
blessing by the time I left the school
were have got round that this crazy
foreigner was walking up and down
legends tutorial Street asking people if
they knew his family
but a nice man found me and invited me
back to his house what followed was
impossible for me to capture this man
Imam Kimberly saw the pictures and
immediately recognized my family he
revealed his family who are my family's
neighbors from a young age he had grown
up with my grandmother's sister's
daughter before she'd left
I'm Monica Bedi saya suka chiliedu
massacre tilde in Otago Massacre dear
Callie I'm not someone young - right -
welcome to Germany girl the digital
Ibiza said to tell it over a separate
Eid see me become who da da da da da
dairy CV dairy policy me suit booty hey
Gabriella past Ariadna not your MIDI I
gotta go to ghujiya
I can't
this is all so happening really fast a
heart like Kampai processing she's kind
of blowing me away a mom's family had
kept some of the old things that were
left behind by our family the mom kept
pointing at a rusty old bike hidden away
in the corner and it looked familiar
wait wait wait wait wait this could be
the same bike that's in the picture
some 103 summer no really summer this is
a picture of my my grandmother's brother
and this is the bike it's the same bike
this guy left with my mother one sibling
remains or the have left the bike with
the remaining sibling and this is the
exact bike
then you got me got who's that okay it's
not oh it's not broken so I asked him if
I can write it
I am riding my grandma goes bicycle now
the coolest thing in my life ever ever
ever ever so I know some of you might be
thinking is the bike what's wrong with
you well it's not just a bike it's
history it's a tangible material thing
that meant something to people who mean
something to us
for that reason and that reason alone is
significant beautiful
and it's so beautiful that his family
have kept their Imam had one more secret
to reveal
Imam said he had the keys to another
house that belong to my family house I
never knew existed this house he took me
to was opposite the church and school I
was staring at earlier where my
grandmother's house was to be it was
just behind stalled and I never realized
but it was locked and it hadn't been
opened in 50 years
mom said that this house also belonged
to our family but they were waiting for
a member of the family to return
I get a light on
come on whoa whoa
it's almost like a bit scary actually is
like like remnants of what life would
have been like and it's literally frozen
from the time in which my grand auntie a
my grandmother and all my relatives who
lived here at that particular time would
have lived I mean completely abandoned
but it's completely destroyed as well
uh-uh this is the picture oh wow you got
big deal
right yeah man he's like this is insane
it's like a treasure chest for me
because and it's just been like hiding
here like who is this I don't even know
it just keeps on the questions keep on
coming
we continued rummaging through
everything not entirely sure what I was
looking for but I was also afraid to
find something was this all just a waste
of time but just before I gave up hope
oh my god Adam I found out of hole eek
oh my god I can't believe it
there she was
my Nana
you know I don't think I important any
of this was to me until I saw that
picture ah it's wrong with me ah ah ha
ha man it's just it's just uh it's been
a really long journey and yeah it's just
it's a it's a beautiful thing
absolutely but just learning what I like
and and and the picture proved to me
that you know so much sacrifice has been
made and and so much has been given up
so I can enjoy the life that I live and
you know I I don't know my grandma but
over this journey I've got to know her
more and I can't honey me Tara thank you
for for that sacrifice but I kid no
I can live my life in a way that that
shows it
here at the end of the journey every
member a quote from a book I read when
you want something all of the universe
conspires and helping you achieve its
I've always wanted to know who I was but
I live in a society that puts you at the
center of your own universe nothing but
you is more important but this journey
to learn more about myself has taught me
nothing is more untrue the deeper I got
inside the beauty of this land
the stories and kindness of his people
the origins of my families the more I
began to lose my son ourselves and
reconnected with the universe that was
beyond me the universe that taught me my
identity is part of a bigger story than
just myself and at the end I found some
new kind of wholeness and belonging I am
of this land it's part of the wire but
I've learned I'm also something new and
different
perhaps home and my identity is where I
will have the confidence to build
something new but the universe pulled me
back here to remind me that nothing can
move forward without reconnecting myself
with where it's all started
this whole journey I thought I was
chasing the back of my grandmother but
maybe maybe she been watching my back
this whole time
you
