story of Othello in 10 seconds okay okay
so interracial couple and white rich
girls and black general the army I don't
know the story to best friends a fellow
and Iago Iago gets jealous a new best
friend Iago and he decides to really
fucking destroy everything summarize a
fellow in ten seconds please one two
three go
fellow a play written by a white man
five hundred years ago is irrelevant
today
you decide
I'm on the train to Bristol I'm on my
way to watch play
have to be around
somewhere a fateful choir yes it does
sound a little random but he Mia I'd
been invited by some friends told me
that they were reinterpreting Othello
and they insisted I came to see her
so Othello is a story set in Venice
about an interracial couple between this
- ho - oh babe call Desdemona and his
big scary more and general called
Othello war was a derogatory term to
refer to someone of Northwestern African
Arab and Berber descent a very shitty
loosed her Iago Venetian or fellows boy
money fingers is literally the biggest
hitter in the world and draws a shady
plot and convinces or fellow Desdemona
is doing the dirty with Othello's best
friend Cassio fellows driven to complete
madness and are killing her in a
psychotic jealousy only to kill himself
when he finds out the hard way in food
cool so I'm outside a theater now I'm
actually meeting one of the actresses in
the play for the first time in his years
you growing up the very few thing which
traumatized me more than Shakespeare
Macbeth
King Lear Romeo and Juliet get me wrong
I love literature I love theater pop but
constantly learning Shakespeare school
every single year reminded me of how
different my own cultural heritage was
here I was in a room in a class of brown
and black people being told by a white
guy about another white guy that lived
in the medieval ages and how he was one
of the greatest writers has ever lived
and I found it incredibly hard to relate
then I get a phone call from a friend
about a new set of play that was
happening in Bristol and they did watch
me backstage in anyway I arrived by
stage and it was perhaps one of the
weirdest things I had ever seen
hopefully bubbly bubbly is so I'm now
backstage of the sale seller they're
doing their warm-ups which is basically
before they go onstage they would have
to walk their bodies and their voices
and get psychology be in the right place
form the reason they're doing it is to
redesign in a tap into the body and to
really bring out certain emotions it's a
little bit Institute if you didn't know
any better but a part of me finds it a
little bit funny
he's never done that with your life so
I'm just um wondering backstage I should
probably I should probably find one of
the actors to do like a like a serious
interview I think that's what I'm
supposed to do in a video like this
maybe it should ask you some like
serious questions this is what people do
hearing during interviews yeah do you
work out
how much of a fellow do you see in
yourself he's black yeah don't wanna say
that but yeah oh yeah I didn't notice
that you did notice jacket yes so that's
a big similarity you have seen that's
why you've got the role no but in all
seriousness I could tell from just
watching them rehearse that this play
was totally different
I could see part of myself in it I felt
as if my identity was being represented
through it you know I just kind of
thought it would be like another
Shakespeare play that I couldn't relate
to very little but there's one scene and
it happens to be the opening scene and
it completely took me by surprise it
this meal is Mara a huge alarm
scene
or Muslim wedding it was taking
something of my own cultural heritage
and incorporating heritage hatred I felt
like two worlds of mine colliding
together ladies alone knowing that a
fellow is secretly a Muslim hiding it
from his venetian superiors how does
that begin to play with the way in which
you're interpreting text I mean whether
what's the process active process you're
going through as you're reading reading
reading the text in terms of
incorporating that and I mean
Shakespeare occupies such a prominence
in in on national identity and the work
that's about us and how we see ourselves
in art through your life has a huge
stake in the state identity and yet
never sees yourself represented in the
state culture I think that is a really
dangerous thing story that we tell about
our nation who is our nation students
from said Bangladeshi heritage or
Pakistani heritage North African
heritage who have grown up here and
identify to some extent as British which
Muslim can say this is part of our story
for me that's the kind of great triumph
is to say there is a longer heritage
here and let's not make it
all the most powerful moments for me was
how much these two lovers represented
two radically different worlds east and
west
white and black Christian and Muslim yet
at this moment they represented the best
of them and their love for each other or
became any of those differences in a
world that pushes us apart just as the
yago does in a play I found this
relationship between Othello and
Desdemona a ray of light and now we're
here in London in Wilton Music Hall
during the last stretch of the tour of
the Othello production the costs are in
other room now and they're rehearsing
for tonight's show and I have the
opening night and it's just all super
super super exciting
the difficult reality about Othello from
a personal colors perspective is that
Othello eventually becomes a villain and
murders his innocent wife consumed by
the worst kind of jealousy misogyny and
patriarchy he turns on everyone around
him it was understood that he was
returning to his old savage Moorish
black roots but what makes this
interpretation of the play so powerful
is that it is in fact a manipulative
Venetian society embodied through a Yaga
that tears him away from his Moorish
African and Islamic morality
it was his roots that made in the
respected and loved man that he was so
after watching him self-destruct it was
painful for me to see as it brought so
much relevance to today and how other
young Muslim men today are similarly
twisted and pushed to their limits by an
equally alienating society
for me a fellow is all about power and
when I when I think about Iago what I
think our activist friends would term
white supremacy structures of power
which marginal lives of other eyes that
is the message of a fellows with large
it's about fake news
it's about alternative fact it's about
the Muslim bad and I think the part of
the fear that we feel today with the
45th President of the United States the
rise of right-wing political movements
in Europe but also in tolerance and in
her places that we come in a way it
mirrors of what what's happening in the
play the play is right within tolerances
the play is rife with Empire
the play is rife with violent the play
is rife with how all those big political
economic and social ruptures play out in
the lives of ordinary people
I wanted to share my experience with you
guys because I found it really touching
that they were talented people out there
seeking to reimagine Shakespeare in
light of some of the biggest issues
marginalized communities about today
what their work did was provide a bridge
between old and new British communities
and established a common medium for them
to understand one another and what could
be more important misunderstanding isn't
just achievable theater but for any
creative process and I left feeling
incredibly inspiring
