so I want you guys to say hi to my
defense and I think they could see you
mini you're gonna come
Oh
and I am the new owner discount set on
my roll please
thump boy back user no guy shot guy or
hybrid tutorial ization
- the law editorial ization everything's
a lot in a certain way yeah I'm a smart
lad don't mess about round you all over
it creators for change is a YouTube
initiative it unites YouTube creators
from around the world who are tackling
difficult social issues on their
channels people who care about tolerance
and empathy creativity culture and
empowering young people our chapter is
called internet citizens and what we do
is we take the whole experience of being
part of this YouTube thing offline okay
so super excited to be this is like I
explained it's like the culmination of
so many people work the effort over the
period of life I mean it started I think
from conception about a year ago but
pretty exciting to kind of see like all
of it in a physical shape I'll show you
our today is working for wonder wonder
other guys responsible for building this
defraggler incredible play this is where
I most about like the main
everybody there face a my big sister on
the for yang she's one of two poets
hurry cuter thank you I appreciate that
but my young man is here is YouTube
number one creator zoom I mean on your
numbers are anything
so difference babe you wanted it to be
we into Mon clothes the ideas kind of
foster an environment where kids feel
like they can open up and they can talk
about like sensitive at times like
serious issues also in a fun environment
today with the official launch day we've
had to be really secretive off for now
but officially do you see and some other
news outlets have done like a passport
in the project but officially on BBC
Pacific night they make more real
I was also super important for us out of
these internet citizens workshops is
that the young people are really
inspired to express and share their
voice you're gonna take my time you want
to go around and we took log I want you
to like talk to people or you like also
like you like to do right you have to go
hi Rhonda
I need Wi-Fi come for refrigerators
furnaces want did you're not getting
this camera back because we're having so
much probably gonna keep your camera and
I've told them that your name is you're
wearing it ah yeah doesn't what you do
we think of today I think it's so fun I
thought I don't know much about almost
an analyst although old unconnected it
there are also spiritual tools on
YouTube to help kind of filter that
negativity YouTube part me this think
you like filter everything so it does is
well I mean you to be like this is
terrible content Saget so you think is
inappropriate like it thought that
person I love this one
sometimes forgotten realized to a
cushion-cut viciously and so someone's
begin way beyond 38 the DNI blog and
you're not going to invite let go and
she's social home record to your home so
why should I let
one in my digital room didn't say things
so just arrived in Lapland I got
chatting to a book on Finley cheese has
experience with some cyber bullying
online and some people saying terrible
things on some of the videos that he
tried to create basically be readjusted
checked him about it one of the
activists came up to me and she
basically saying how did case called
Finley and he instead a YouTube channel
and he used to get a lot of abuse online
I told her I'd love to sweetie it was
really sad hearing some of the things he
had to say I've been doing an mo
conversation so you just have you cetera
right yeah tell me but I just thought
all the hate that used to get like
people from school people from not from
schools to supply
what's point you're doing it you're not
really good so you look really bad
there's not what you're doing YouTube
makes look looks weight gain stuff like
that just like that make you feel really
feel really bad really
sometimes it'll when and just looked at
it and got upset I will get in hate and
I just it like it sort of but somebody's
comments were coming from your school
yeah someone from a storm water from my
school but some will I people from
different schools some near me area some
probably cook country I can help in any
way my boy night Kenny I hope you find
that kind of confidence again alright
okay lately I'm always here
okay thank you when your kid is 14 or 13
you're bored and you have to hear some
other really random and horrible things
that you have to say online it can be
convenient mess with you I mean I was a
lot older of 25 26 when I started my own
and I feel we've struggled things and I
just I can feel really sick actually
a really good kid I think me having to
reason with using my pad so it was a
great opportunity to speak them
hopefully kind of inspire him to kind of
think about starting you again we have
wonderful m'dear who is a great YouTube
creator we're really happy to have him
on the roadshow and the young people get
inspired from the beer to take the
camera or their mobile phones stop start
expressing telling their stories
expressing their voice and sharing them
with the communities so more young
people are brought together around
shared passion points some do you see my
videos before probably recognized style
is pulled in my personal space
and I did about like two or three kids
from high school and I talked him into
it's very very tight with the idea it's
a very good quote in-your-face kind of
conversation with people that we have
and we talk about things that we already
do know so if I'm comfortable to do in
normal time and then I've taken games
with them and the idea is to kind of
contextualize all other legibility
learning today how people they respond
created and we live in a digital
generation they understand you to be
very new to be format and we can help
but they instill the lessons I think
other day I'm happy human happy one of
the best things about fucking penny was
I really believed in providing a voices
people generally have a voice and that's
exactly what we do in two senses and we
divide these really cool creative spark
concepts and the ideas inspire young
people and make them feel like they can
share that story behind
if the maintenance is completely all
over the DK we can see the variety
different ways how young people can
express themselves if you give them an
opportunity through video hey guys what
will they do my father will say a shower
I like to get yes it is an open space
and have open conversations stay
suspended distance cause I'm engulfed
now we're on our way to he's aware we
going now
so in the next episode the roadshow has
fully begun and we traveled the UK
meeting all sorts of diverse and
wonderful people life in the road have
been crazy I filmed good and the bad but
lastly I set out to discover just what
teenagers are really watching online God
never felt so old
