oh wow that's that's one way to start
waiting she'll never be able to do this
for you I know
not like me a tired I'm like my soul is
not inside my body and if it's real I
mean you can get married but don't have
a wedgie way to say the last letter good
get Marty because I'm turning into an
old man wail yo guys so I'm here in
Indonesia if you don't already knows
this place means a lot to me because
it's where my grandmother is from she
was born and solo in Java
I'm actually here filming a really cool
project traveling around the country to
find out more about my grandma's culture
and history but that's not what I want
to talk to you about today I'll tell you
more about that later now I want to
upload a video I probably wouldn't
normally do
but feel like I should I met up with a
friend of mine Geeta Geeta Savitri she's
a youtuber from Indonesia and we've got
to know each other from the whole
creators for Change Program over the
years she's become like family we've
been through a lot together and I hate
her let's not like beat around the bush
she pisses me off kind of a love-hate
kind of relationship thing going on but
Geeta also happens to be getting married
tonight I know what you're thinking I
can't believe she convinced a man to
marry her but I managed beforehand to
catch up with eita
and Paula fiance before that what you
here today for a very serious honest
but you got engaged now I need to have a
very serious conversation at all okay oh
you might know deep is like a sister to
me I want to know your intentions of my
Gita what are your plans how are you
supposed to give me confidence so the
plan is you you gotta finish your rifle
change the subject I'm not the kind of
man that doesn't let common words so I
got a letter world basically
you asked me to work so that you can
just stay
I can cool I can wash dishes and this is
the new era right I kidding Paul Paul is
so nice but I wonder how pizza and baby
be happy to know these two very amazing
people I can engaged
yeah Paul if you need anybody
psychological help just call me anytime
Brooks I know what it's like to like
have to sit like spend time with the
stuff don't worry I got you I got you
you're a mess
I don't know why I don't want to get
married did you tease me every time were
together just keep telling me what to do
in my life being married doesn't mean
happiness
telling me I'm drinking too much coffee
I'll drink drink coffee if I'm wondering
coffee usually I see eaten in European
context away from home but to be here in
Indonesia and see her in her home and
the work that she does is incredible and
I managed to catch her backstage an
eventful one guru where she was
presented with her backstage an event
called wrong
taste explain the first sentence needs
to be the most powerful I'm gonna get
makeup done what initially connected me
with the heater was our shared passions
for making the world a better place
we connected through Indonesia this kind
of shared place that we love but also
our passion to use all platform in a
positive way we both wanted to get young
people to think about things in a
meaningful and more substantial way and
how can we make the world and use our
platforms to make a difference in a
little-little way
buggabugga NZ
yo yeah I just can't look her in the eye
I felt I felt material feel so proud
that she's you know I told her a lot
it's part of our relationship we both
love to have a good time first off the
laughs and mess around and flora but
behind all of that there is a lot of
admiration
a lot of admiration for the woman who
she is and has had to become you know
I've been behind the camera I've been
behind the scenes of the events and I've
seen heeta and what she has to go
through it's not easy being a public
figure who who is looked at by thousands
of luckiest millions of people and it
takes an incredible amount of strength
to be as outspoken as she and I think
it's incredibly empowering to have a
young woman like her in this regional
context someone who isn't just about the
glam life for the fame or the nonsense
that comes with it but someone who is
like rooted in some sort of substance
meaning these are really rare things in
this region I've seen how much he's had
to sacrifice pieces of herself that
she's tried to keep together and it's
more than any other ordinary person
should have to shoulder by themselves
and as someone who kind of looks like
her like a sister
yeah I do I do worry about her a lot
but most importantly tonight at the
wedding I look at her I want every
happiness for her and I see that in
force her husband is just as equally
kind and sincere as she is and I could
not I could not wish more happiness on
two people than I do each other
I
then beautiful beautiful setup very
light you can feel like the love in the
house and everyone is super super
friendly my new friends meet my new
friends
but yeah it's been an amazing night full
of love full of like friendship I will
never say I like Geeta but in private
between me and you she is a special girl
and I'm really happy for her today she
looked beautiful she's really happy I
know how stressed out she was in
preparation for this so to see it turn
out so amazingly well makes me really
happy and Paul is an amazing guy and
they deserve to be together just to see
all their friends and family come and
how much love was in the space just
proves how deserving or they are of each
other
a great night as your big brother I'm
gonna give you some advice
you advice about marriage because I have
the most experience this guy's married
why do want to say that you two look
beautiful today
and I haven't known you guys long but
with the time that I've known you guys
have been beautiful family men Amy Keith
you're okay - I meant that one of that
will success whatever you go to hell
so this is happening right now my mom
said never to get into cars with
strangers full of people I've never met
before
