yeah welcome to in my personal space
with me now there you're in my wardrobe
right now and I like to invite a bunch
of random people and get them in a
really awkward space and have some
really awful conversation today I have
my friend for Wahb hey can I stand on
the right why cuz it's my good side I
don't like the left side of my face so
okay I'm just going to talk like this so
the camera gets a good time sorry sorry
I can't step back a little you're like
pushing me back into the closet or
single to bust like I like to have my
personal space why won't it look like
that the name of the show
yeah this closet makes you uncomfortable
so I'm getting hot is it because I'm not
used to staring at poor dog so my second
ID you did and I want to say a advice
you're not okay fragile I don't like
that word fragile what do you guys like
it's like a little bit sexist I might
look like I'm fragile like I think it
goes well that's all I'm not actually
okay so we've been friends for a while
do you remember when we first met so
we're in Wadi Rum and we're in nature
and it's beautiful and there's like a
thousand stars a million millions of
stars out and you that's your times and
I Greek connect like that's why we left
the city and I just wanted to have this
quiet night right like I reflect okay
and then all it and then you as a bunch
of people like followers I don't know
we're like screaming the whole entire
night you all know what I actually
started to like you cuz I got hate I
didn't like you for a long time are you
you were going to London
okay anyway guys anyone want anything
from London and I say I like some tea
and you know how you just make those
like off marks and you don't think the
person is actually going to follow
through then you came back and you got
me a buck oh my gosh yeah there you go I
hope you feel terrible
like right now if you were to say like
oh I really want some tea and you're
living in eyelid I hope you'd be like
cool show up with nothing and be like
the lab make me feel right now literally
that's a bit sexist by the way now
they're listed as parents before you can
keep like really cool and stuff yes Dave
but my question do you think big Offred
ship gets in the way of your people prop
your private life it's this video gonna
keep me from getting married
justice the Muslim community can't
handle a boy and girl being friends with
each other
and not being in love with each other
like people don't know how to process
that um saying you're in love with me no
okay well say Ken can you do any
impressions of a famous robot a robot no
no no no I can do it I can do it it's
good no that's like you can call it's a
gag common not Lois for on 100% high
five I found high five in ass laughs oh
my god this question of honestly a
possible yeah
you travel a lot yeah and I know it
can't be easy you know like looking
you're being quite visibly you know you
know adhering to certain say it exactly
yeah yes um but when you do get kind of
sent to a room for a secondary scan do
you just part of you really wish that
it's a good-looking male and not seem a
little risque me no but it is sad that
it's the only human contact I ever get
okay let's work do it now good a little
rub down my back as I said refused I'm
not even like bringing out this like
awkwardness rumors you saying you
completely herself we're going to
recreate a meme and then you guys have
to like comment below a caption to put
on top of this mean we could have a
connected party favor where you kind of
tell me something you don't like about
me and then I reciprocate and then I'll
tell you something that I like
always criticizing me and it's not
constructive it's like wow why are you
so pedantic club you know you don't have
a good sense of humor so ah just relax a
little bit so are you so rude I don't
even know why you're friends with me
you know since you're in my personal
space and and it's kind of tradition I
end this video with my and embrace and
so I don't know how you want to do this
but so yeah so guys thanks for tuning in
to another episode of my personal fave
draft next week where I will get someone
else to join me in this very awkward
wardrobe of mine
I don't forget to subscribe and come
party plan
