we go up there and somehow we've managed
to get lost or we just follow the road
there is no road Phillip do you see a
road no road anywhere it will fill it
three shots to get that shot right I
thought it'd just be a quick one but
when you're working on amateurs it's
like marketing hours no right now we're
going for a hike on a beautiful trail
Phillip who's here we've come to take
some cool shots and cool pictures good
that's what we like to do in our free
time are you doing me buddy the hike why
people is easy huh you guys need some
time here because we like goat you have
closed
oh no feet oh this is my Everest I'm a
brown man climbing the Alps this is a
big leap for brown people worldwide we
should walk on snow but it wasn't an
amazing Sweden it was the same time last
year
exactly one year ago it's important for
you to try to do high-density ground you
can stand over here or behind that rock
super-quiet hunting for a dollar they
did right now hi named Floyd Philippe is
also a producer we were discussing why
some really crappy content gets
ridiculous amount from holy cow some
really crappy content gets ridiculous
amount of youth and some really good
content gets really crappy view and a
lot of it is because it symbolizes where
young people are at the moment
Oh ad just like cut it there quickly
because uh so I should probably explain
I'm actually in London right now at this
moment because I edit my vlog few days
ahead
anyways anything in my room I needed
some fresh air so when you're climbing
the mountain but that altitude it's very
hard to connect but I wanted to
elaborate on this point in your report I
come from probably one of the most
maligned and misrepresented communities
in the world however what the internet
provided is it means the kind of
combating issues head-on we don't need
the channel pool we don't need policies
we don't need any bureaucratic
institution to get stuff done
take YouTube for example you to why I
love you so much is it's a completely
democratic space if I want to upload
something and have lots of people see it
I can come up with an idea today and
like tomorrow hundreds of people will be
able to get that is an extremely
extremely powerful thing however despite
these amazing things like YouTube in
these conditions I would argue and I'm
totally generalizing but I would argue
the majority of the stuff coming out of
our community around 80% of it is a
either makeup tutorial this job
tutorials it sprang and do not get me
wrong really like I mean it don't get me
wrong I think these are super important
and they have a place we all find them
useful we will find a super entertain
and what I mean by that someone for my
misrepresented background I feel like
there's a space there is also a
necessity for someone like me to be
creating content that is that is
meaningful that is inspirational that
appeals for global audience because you
know we just become synonymous with
pranks and we don't learn to take
ourselves seriously how can we expect
others to take us seriously
oh my god I call my coat and look some
of the most inspirational content that I
see online is from channels like so
pancake Jubilee project you guys match
up where the invites
these are people who have mastered the
art of telling stories inspirational
stories to a mass audience and these are
things that I grew up would leave me
more integral to my community the
priority but for some reason we're not
leading the charge
you know why is that and this is the
kind of hold I have been eConsult
Phillip on our last dinner in Austria he
was talking about authenticity about
creators being authentic actually I
really deeply saying that we as
producers have the responsibility to
show also the pain that goes into the
work that show the bad day you know
shoulder the concrete wall is opposite
your bedroom window and don't only show
the ocean view and show the nice no no I
don't think they're really authentic
creators and then they are created to
see the who absolutely and I
agree with Philips but I also think
that's another factor and the other
factor is us as you as you me we need to
change the way we behave online and what
I mean by that is actively supporting
alternative envelope-pushing creators
who are doing cool things I probably get
to tell you the monetary side
to create an incredibly inspirational
content they just simply say that no one
supports normal fortune normal finds
interesting but listen look I'm not
saying don't share that cat videos we
all love your cat video what I'm saying
is you should also support creators who
are doing incredibly cool things
actively not passively so just like it
share it double share these things make
a big difference in a media response to
demand people want to see and they share
devastation it will show you the
precision if people want to see Donald
Trump and they share it I mean you are
saying it so we have to create a demand
or the kind of content you want to be if
we don't a media isn't to blame but we
are
you grew up here we go up there and
somehow we managed to get lost in the
middle of nowhere or we just follow the
road there is no road Phillip do you see
a road no road anywhere that's a record
deal isn't my first time here ever so I
know why you're asking me where to go
when it should be you that note evacuee
okay but I don't know I have a wish and
a vision we envision how we don't know
how you said in English but in German
little saying one villus so hard week
when the world is away yeah I guess yeah
really grateful really grateful this is
the part of the video that I tell you
life is like a mountain that you have to
climb right no sweetie
I get my iron into the snow well three
hoses way up now told you oh the Holy
Land
wha what are you doing idea
I lost my glove ah he lost his glove now
he has to go back all the way are
watching from here my given direction
yes don't help but help fine I don't
even you get that now
yeah good job you're sure good job
really good really good
you keep going if you keep you perfect
route
