good morning super Ellie had a lovely
breakfast one I just wanted to admire
this incredible view which takes my
breath away every morning but I'm
actually going skiing now and I'm super
excited skiing it's one of my favorite
things to do on this planet it's such an
incredibly liberating at one with nature
sport and I just love it I could do it
all day so we are on our way to the left
it's a beautiful day the sun is shining
it snowed a lot today so it's all white
everything and these are like the best
conditions
the only problem is like - 22 days of
course area but there's nothing that's
going to make me feel less happy than I
am right now skiing with awesome people
this client I keep hopping to me I know
but don't you like me really what it
countering I video drink milk you know
I've always loved skiing first time I
came I was 14 working 15 and my parents
just managed to save me a bit of money
so I can go on a school trip when I went
and I'm so fortunate to have opportunity
I had the most amazing time I can
instantly hope you had everything I ever
loved
I would save enough money just to be
able to come to you because really I
believe this to complete rest
that has everything one thing I've
always interesting is that I was
constantly having to navigate how
different I was from the people who
normally come skiing and it was majority
of the time on two fronts one was class
of course it's really the same beautiful
places though phobia quite liked by lots
of rich Germans and Austrians come for
their kind of winter holiday to some
holidays but someone like me someone who
comes from this
that there's it's a it's a super
interesting dynamic like you know I'm a
Webley boy I'm narrow a like this world
would be so kind of a detached from my
for my lived experience but
unfortunately I have friends who kindly
invited me I think what's interesting to
me is that like I live you know a
multitude of different lives and because
of that I have very different friends
from very different backgrounds so I'd
never see it as a problem I start I
think it's one of the best things that I
love about my life and and I feel
different people have very different
benefits to you as a person and I think
you should go out and you should meet as
many different kinds of people and it's
interesting it's interesting to see like
how this world kind of operates and
another was great I was one of very few
if not the only brown person on the
float these are for a young man quite
difficult
and it's not anyways it is a little
bubble it isn't the real world if you're
going to be stuck in a bubble
what a beautiful bubble to be stuck in
and because it's above all of course if
you look a bit different from the norm
people will be curious so yeah I get
occasional looks every now and then to
be honest like 80% of it people are
extremely right and there are cases
where people aren't so that it's
definitely on the rest like that would
put you up yeah all the god
you very good I guess on some level
there are times where I feel like this
isn't my maybe I don't quite belong but
I don't think it's because anyone's ever
feels maybe we feel that way this is by
virtually looking and feeling quite
different from everyone else no one owns
the mountain and I really wish people
from my background would have the
opportunity to benefit from its
amazingness its awesomeness it's a such
a beautiful place
and I really in the future if I have
found that to be capable really want to
make a trip like this a priority for me
and my family because there are so many
untold lessons in the beauty of nature
world nearly died
we just had a lovely lunch and it's tied
to go back on the beach
I'm gonna risk my life with you guys for
myself
