don't get me wrong I love London it's
the best city in the world but sometimes
sometimes you don't want to be browner
living in a wife as well sometimes you
just want to blend it so that's why I
like travel a lot this time I took a
plane to Malaysia in Southeast Asia it's
a region that means a lot to me because
my grandmother is from there and since I
was young every time I visited I found
it an extremely liberating place to be
because you were accepted for who you
are every inch of you
there was no pretense there was no
judgment you felt comfortable in who you
are
these were the perfect ingredients to
feel like you belong or was it then
today I intended this bit to be a lot
more dramatic so maybe it will help if I
just do it on my phone give it a bit
more of that you know pizzazz
yeah before I forget I'm not welcome to
Benny it's a storytelling channel where
this that culture boys just trying to
find a place to belong
I think of Benny as a laboratory of
culture where I set out to discover a
new generation of people paving the way
forward because in a world where you've
been public enemy number one your whole
life your identity is hanging on by a
thread and the future is the only thing
you have left to hold on to
so every time I'm in KL every morning's
not exactly the same and that's not my
boy had his cafe called age to catch up
with my friends this is like because my
hands are short I hope I drop this
camera he's a fighter not a lover guys
so we're here at a and I'm gonna show
you the inside this is the owner of a hi
honey
Shama ina when our shelves I will show
you my free clothes he's only giving me
we are not friends and not even Osama in
my house do you have any disco music
yeah you see me
spend enough time in any city any place
and scratch beneath the surface then
you're bound to find things that don't
feel quite right for example in Malaysia
what I noticed over a period of time is
that young people aren't really
encouraged to be critical they're pushed
to conform to some sorta norm or to
follow the crowd and I wanted to know
why everyone thinks they're on seas are
the best cooks for genuinely I don't
think I've had a better meal as I had
thank you she's always winning two feet
this lonely homeless British boy Wow
what are you making auntie so you push
put your ice cubes
Sheetz unbalanced I guess a potato wheat
back to you
a potato patties as serious dad who I
haven't introduced yet she like Serena
has the coolest friends ever because
like they're literally more youthful and
energetic then as soon as the food came
out it didn't take long for us to start
debating about Malaysia very very
challenging very challenging very
challenging as you say Malaysia's of
estimation followers
we have been the Malays have been
brought up to follow not to ask
questions it's a big problem because if
you want a nation to grow you need you
need to make people question their
leaders if we've been taught to just be
a league nation that followers we're
always just gonna look for other people
to intervene to move forward you can't
move forward if it doesn't come from
ourselves right yeah that really bothers
me
why are foreigners modeling our budget
Quran and kebaya and whatnot we had
beautiful Malaysian girls brown black
yellow why are we not doing that at the
end the day that end result is like
thinking why not I love the thinking we
are not good enough that's the problem
it's gonna be an issue all these were
looking elsewhere for change but is
actually the you that we're gonna be in
charge of the features of how can we
possibly
if we're so secular ways of not
questioning
spoken confident my dad brought me up to
have an opinion never come from yes
she's never come we are rebels without a
cause kids to follow what other people
say they have to be confident of who
they are the most important aspect which
is self-confidence is what's missing in
Malaysian society so I want to get on
like this to know who they are
inside or outside regulation you must
remember when the match is grab a
Malaysian elsewhere they will be who
they are because of the freedom that we
give back I mean you've had some
questionable comments in your Instagram
we talked about this the other day where
people have said some really graphic
horrible things the cyber bullying that
happens to Malaysian women on the line
like we're criticized for everything
well is it by man by man Yes No by
society we can never get it right
basically like a woman I'm not supposed
to be to be a preacher for just being
good-looking they're supposed to be
smart
they're supposed to be able to have a
mind of their own because an education
lack of exposure I think it's because we
are so confined to boxes they're so
confined to these area types and labels
so people don't appreciate people that
are trying
yeah it is so sad cause Malaysian got so
many talent there's more people where
they descend that mean did you say
living because the society itself cannot
accept these people I have a big problem
with that
how could you married auntie for her for
her brain so speaking to sharina's
family really revealed some underlying
issues about growing up in care as a
result of not being encouraged to be
critical young Malaysians really suffer
from a lack of self-confidence instead
of looking for validation in themselves
they're looking for it from the outside
but things are changing this was
completely redone Razia printing factory
redone it and they made it into a
community space beautiful incredible and
lots of leaders have come together to
have fun I think it also stems from the
fact that the organizers you can tell
when the arguments are not doing it for
necessary this property
people sure it's an article marketing
platform for artists designers creative
people in general it's a place it's
tough next really grab people's
attention
today do you join me
and it's a non-judgmental space do
whatever you want to wear whatever you
want to see whatever you want
to reuse just one event but it's
provable cultural shift happening in the
streets of care I wanted to delve deeper
so I'm here in Malaysia and I'm thinking
about doing some filming but I wanted to
ask if you know I need any cool people
anyone that's kind of what you are I yes
Danny Daniel you have to meet her about
it honestly so talented so energetic and
she's so unique honestly she's wanted
was amazing and creative I've ever met
and even though she's super young I feel
I should have so much to give her
Energy's crazy her style her the way she
thinks when she sees the world
let's check her right so be like cutest
picture
