in my personal space with my attempt to
tackle some of the issues we discussed
throughout the roadshow in a creative
and UTV where young people watch YouTube
every single day so it's only app that
we made them feel part of something you
to be but I wanted to go a bit further
than a typical YouTube videos wasn't
enough to just talk and discuss these
issues my focus was to get practical
would help drill home some of these
workshop lessons so I created a unique
safe environment where we make youtube
videos that it will entertain me and
meaningful with the hopes that you
realize some of your own potential to
contribute positively online first up
filter bubbles a filter bubble makes it
hard to hit different opinions other
than Europe you can't understand other
people if you can't hear them but what
am i doing you get a word
alright now you have to guess what word
they're they're trying to tell you you
can hear me now three two one ally gay
Antiques Roadshow adidas trainers
Neptune juicy juicy lamps you
Cato Alessandra trolls can say some
really mean things online like go back
to your country while you Mario Brothers
and these comments can affect the
confidence of so many talented people
and you were telling me that you have
your own YouTube channel feedback oh oh
you did say would you know Fermi's up on
youtube if you atop that anything on
youtube what would it be step about my
talent making music oh yeah how much you
could do for people out there and
similar positions to you I'm just gonna
people might give me criticism if I
worry too much about what other people
think I wouldn't get anywhere in life
yeah 99% of people out there will love
you and support you based a little 0.1%
of people who will have something to say
yeah so you're gonna promise me gonna
upload on it yeah my boy can I go yeah
generally we pay more attention to
negative voices but imagine you turn the
upside down where instead it was normal
or cool to say positive things on life
okay so just the battle we've all been
waiting for Junaid and I go to media
so they've got to lyrics and they have
to impress the people behind them the
people with that loudest high mother
women is so nice I will take you on a
date tomorrow yeah eyebrows are so flaky
we steal them off you that be we
processed so much information really
quickly
the Internet has sacrificed detail and
nuance to summarize what if we didn't
believe stories that we saw online at
face value
instead we critically questioned
everything we're told so I'm gonna tell
you passages and stories of my life and
you guys have to asking questions and
find out one of two things whether I'm
telling fake news with I'm lying I'm
telling the truth
real news understood yes I propose to
someone in front of hundreds of people
and she said no I did a restaurant I was
super confident and oh my god she's
gonna say yes we've been together by
three years what did you eat that thing
not just you you made the story that I
saw my girlfriend at the time and
proposed to her was in fact fake news I
learned so much throughout this whole
experience
it proved to me that we can create
meaningful content that young people
feel invested in it proved that no
matter where we went across the country
that different kids feel mobilized if
you give them an opportunity to think
and contribute if we enable them through
mediums they understand that are
relevant to them and are just fun
so the question I ask myself has been he
moves forward from this is how do we as
creators and role models how do we
create the right environment to inspire
passionate kids to want to positively
impact us around this that's our
challenge today
I'm a bit of a big deal okay we're gonna
let the kids pick a team they might pick
me look at my man nice if I could grow
facial hair I grow it like yours and I
saw this glide I'm not wrong you're a
nice guy
