hey everyone hope all is well my name is
Myles Dyer and welcome to the quest for
global empathy I am so excited to be
doing this right now for about eight
years I've wanted to launch my very own
podcast show but I wanted to do it when
the moment was right when my ideas could
come to fruition in a way that felt
effective and that's where we are today
and so thanks to creates for change an
initiative by YouTube that I've been a
part of the last couple of years they've
given me funding to get the ball rolling
I've been able to find a studio equipped
it get a good team and here we are and
this is going to be an interesting
journey thanks to your feedback I'm able
to improve this and this will evolve
over time
and say thank you for tuning in and I
look forward to seeing where this goes
and after the initial four episodes it's
then up to us as a online community if
you like what you see or hear with this
podcast then please check out
patreon.com/crashcourse little as $1 a
month and if we hit our target we can
keep making these so today I am joined
by an a hilarious guest who I've had the
pleasure of having many conversations
with the past couple of years through
creators to change because he too is an
ambassador for that he is a British
actor comedian and writer best known for
his webseries Diaries of a bad man his
name is humza arshad and he joins me now
how you doing dude I'm all right man it
was a it was a bit of a a long drive
yeah perfect I was definitely excited to
be a part of this and whereabouts do you
live you in central um yeah I live in
now I live in South Central and I wish
slightly driving in central London is
not me yeah yeah we actually have to go
in central London Layana sit still it's
the worst thing ever isn't it it's like
you have to think of congestion charge
then you have to they actually heard
that it's the certain roads you can't
even go on now or soon unless you're
like a electric car or something really
yeah so I'm like that doesn't make any
sense I'm like I got a car let me use it
yeah I mean yeah
but yeah now I live in South London okay
near Stratham I can't breathe goes round
the m25 yeah well it's quite kind of
yeah so for globe audiences the m25 is a
freeway as you'd call it that goes all
the way around
listen unreliable and traffic yeah and
like during the Olympics I think they
shut down like two of the lines and yeah
absolutely I think that's just a casual
thing to be honest in its like oilless
it's piss some people off yeah there's a
few lanes you know things like Fanta
yeah yeah and I I would never wish on my
worst enemy
driving in London I think there's one
time that my band played in Camden and
in Camden especially it's all one-way
streets oh yeah the Sat Nav does not it
takes you down the wrong way something
like when you go through central London
the Sat Nav finishes and like it fully
is like I don't want to work anymore and
then you're on your own now yeah and
you're actually and and you know I hate
though the worst thing about tom-toms is
like when you put it on and you don't
know whether you're supposed to go that
way or that way and you'll know in three
four seconds where you've got like if
you're going the wrong way or not
because it's doner knee is the worst bit
because it's always point in a random
way exactly so yeah but yeah and I've
been in South London all my life yes sir
it was
it's weird because my my neighbourhoods
it's like this is the best thing about
we're not the best thing about London
but the craziest thing is it's like I
live in a really nice area but then if
you walk down the road for like 30
seconds to like let's just say a minute
man yeah it's completely delivery and
South London is very is very rough I
like it I like it because I think that
when I was growing up it kind of it made
me is it hardened me up sure right and
you become streetwise sexual oh yeah i
mean yeah kind of it just it was it was
a good experience actually I was
actually happy that even one of the
schools that I went to and I grew up in
it was rough like every day there would
be police cars really they saw Dow
stabbing outside around you know gang
fire wherever it was but yeah actually
it just I don't know like because I was
just thrown into that kind of world I
just learned so much sure I liked it
because I was
like I'd rather that they're going to
like you know not saying there's
anything wrong with the private school
or you know really nice school obviously
there's more benefits in that I guess
but at the same time it just kind of
showed me a different side to reality so
as I was growing up was more street
smart sure it was quite a cool part of
my life I think it is good just having
that variety because I I've had a weird
mix so I went to a state primary school
yeah I mean my dad's story was he
started off as a mechanic for British
Airways and then he works up and became
quite Syrian and a health company and so
like he's a real inspiration to me have
live really works for it yeah and so my
secondary school was private school I
felt like a complete outcast there like
I I was like I'm not academic and there
was a lot of pressure because then you
have to really perform to sort of heat
with that but it was interested in
having that mix and actually I think and
I'm sure you'll relate to this whenever
you do videos on YouTube yeah one of the
most common comments you get is get a
real job yeah I just want to like get
out my CV and go look I've worked in
construction as a labourer well I have
worked for the BBC in The Guardian yeah
yeah but I've also you know stack
shelves the test goes or selled carpets
for like the department store like yeah
I've had a good mixture
yeah and and also I think with my accent
as well I've always had people make fun
of me either because to some iced out
especially when I was in construction I
thought I sounded to be posh okay when
I'm with people that are you know
well-spoken because I don't pronounce my
T's they think I sound too common it's
in this weird middle grade how like I
mean it's so weird how so many of us
experience not fitting in right now as
an example like you're saying that now
I'm like like here especially when I was
growing up you know obviously racism
still exists but you know yeah but like
with the with me I was like okay
sometimes like when I'm in this country
you know you feel kind of like an
outsider you do you don't feel you want
to say oh you know I'm British I was
born in this country I was you know
raised in this country and you know
sometimes some like certain people will
make you feel that you don't belong here
and then I'll go to Pakistan and you
know that's for me it should be my home
it's where my parents are from it's my
roots it's my culture
and I'm then and I remember like I live
in a small village
Angele m and it's beautiful it's
absolutely a lot of people have this
kind of kind of like this vision of
Pakistan and how it looks and it's just
like you know like just loads of you
know little barefoot kids just running
about and the sewers and stuff is not
weii she that is Pakistan bar there's
some nice spots as well and yeah we're
like in the middle of nowhere like just
fields everywhere and and I remember
once I I came back and I don't think
this story has a point actually to be
honest I'm kind of scared talking about
the story because I don't know where I'm
going but I just remember there was one
point where there were so many kids and
we were playing football and in my head
I was like oh you know you're gonna be
all rubbish um you know I'm sick of
football I'm from you know South London
and and that was true because they were
they were horrible horrible they were
really bad they they can play cricket
really well by football they were just
they didn't understand the concept they
one person said oh is it more it's more
pleasurable to score a goal really close
to the line I said no it's not actually
it's the other way around by anyway
carry on just wear some socks and I
remember they like would like look at me
like I don't belong here right they kept
calling me English wallah which means
the I think the you know the English one
yeah and and it was such a shame because
I was like so many of us just we just
asked but we feel that there's not
actually a right place where we actually
fit you're right it's a weird feeling in
it and as the world is diversifying more
it's harder to find that more concrete
identity but I think it goes more
fundamental than just about like your
heritage you know a generation ago you
would have a job for life hmm I I tell
this story quite a lot but I'll never
forget when I worked for a department
store it was one of my first jobs and in
the electrical department we celebrated
I think it was one of my colleagues it
was her I think it was 40 or 50 if
you're working there oh wow on the one
hand I was like huge respect on the
other hand I was like the idea of
working somewhere for 40 50 years
terrifies me yeah but that was just the
way it is it's also in terms of what
Asian ships or having a house for life
like these are very static forms that is
security in a lifestyle which doesn't
exist anymore like the cliche of when
you go for a job and they say where do
you see yourself in ten years time I
always want to turn the question
although I wouldn't only get the job but
you want to say where do you see the
world in mum like we have no idea yeah
and I think that causes people to want
to latch on to identity and some car and
it's why people I think at the moment
really want to go back to traditions
yeah yeah but the the world is a lot
more complicated and as you say people
have an idea of what Pakistan is like
and that might you know be true of some
areas yeah yeah but the world is
complicated and we can't deal with the
complicated nature so some people look
at me and go I'm a posh boy and others
will go I'm just it's crazy yeah it's I
think that even when I was growing up I
just I think that's one one thing that I
loved about London is like you know
we're one of the most diverse cities in
the world and growing up I just met so
many different types of people and it
just made me kind of like appreciating
and and kind of like respect life and
people because you're growing up with
different like I remember when I was
when I was in school and there was
hardly any hardly had any white friends
because it was majority black or Asian
and then I remember when I went to
Croydon College predominately all my
friends were black and then I went to
Kingston college and then I think that
was a much crazier mix of like all these
different kind of people coming from
different parts of the world yeah and
then I went to drama school in Richmond
and I was the only colored person there
and everyone else was white right and I
had I think it's just about adapting to
your kind of environment really isn't it
it's like it's just kind of yeah just I
think you as a person you have to kind
of change to the surroundings nay you
you have to just kind of have that
flexibility of just trying to cater for
the environment around you and
tweak yourself yes so you kind of never
know who you are where you actually
belong because it's not really about you
it's about where you are yeah you're
right and it is about always being sort
of one for out of your comfort zone and
I think the people run into issues where
if they have been comfortable living a
life of stability where it's where they
live or the people community they're in
and then it changes around them all at
once or very quickly that's where a lot
of these issues kick up whereas us we've
lived in a world where for YouTube now
the people from I mean this sounds
ridiculous I'm friends with some people
in online who we don't speak the same
language but we had conversations with
Google Translate that's crazy yeah but
it's like and we've hung out and like
and sometimes we've hung out we've got
to drink while they're in the country
and we'll be chatting using Google
Translate which is easy
but and I know that technology will move
on yeah but she said we don't have to
type it in and it will be I think
they've already created devotion ologies
are a konkey pot yeah like I remember I
was like and this is such a small thing
but I had the the the Google what's it
called
they've given me a hundred for free such
little things like is it Lex not like
see what was chrome is all chrome yet
what you can put on you oh no it's thin
bye hello Google thing yeah yes
basically I think Google cost yeah yeah
I think it's that yeah it's like the
Alexa the Amazon oh yeah yeah do you
hear what their licks at the the the
laughs oh yeah the creepy laugh at in
the middle of the night yeah if that
happened to me I would just start
punching ergo crazy yeah I don't have
one yes I don't trust when I heard that
story I just literally just unplugged it
right even at nighttime I feel really
uneasy like like you hear all these
conspiracy theories so it's a podcast
we're gonna get to but like yeah but
anyway but let me go back to my point so
I had that and I remember once I just
basically said oh what's my name and
because it's connected to my Google
pixel which got freeze or the perks of
being an ambassador
yeah they basically what she said yeah
you know your name some sort of shot
wicked so I said oh what's my mom's name
and she was like oh you haven't told me
your mom's name if you tell me maybe I
would remember all right cool
so I told mom's name is Noreen so I'm I
said are her name's Noreen three four
days later my mom was like nearby so I
said I'll come in here for a second and
I said our pixel and it's my mom's name
and she just turned around and said oh
wow you told me that it's Noreen blah
blah blah and I was like that's a bit of
a my like that's like it really got to
me I was okay maybe like some people at
warp but that's that's the stuff
oh yeah hey that's like you know that
stop film with Will Smith when the
robots went crazy this is the beginning
do you know I mean like she remembered
my it's crazy I think aetna AI is a very
worrying thing and it's all about if we
it's the whole genie out of the bottle
is do we put the constraints in early
enough yeah
but the point is unfortunately that
there are going to be people in the
world that go
forget the constraints if you anyone
have a competitive edge we should just
make the smartest ever yeah yeah there
are stories in the world right now and I
kid you not people doing experiments
with AI and what they do is they set up
the AI program that they've created yeah
because the misconception is people
think AI will become a problem when we
create one that is smarter than us as in
has more info but it's not it's when we
create an AI that can learn to learn yes
when it can learn to learn it will be an
exponential growth revision so that
there are people in the world right now
that have AI on a machine and they
disconnect it from the internet and the
I'll get to that in a minute but they
feed it information
bit by bit to see if it becomes curious
okay and the reason they disconnect it
from the internet is because they're
worried if it does learn to learn it
might escape through the internet Wow
and it could like basically absorb all
the information online it could
literally download itself probably onto
a 3d printer make itself in physical
form
that's literally genuinely crazy yeah
yeah like I like like this I was you
choose a crazy place like I was seeing
this kind of thing with like they're
making like sexbots now yeah and I'm
like wow like ìokay the blog goes with
it whether they be back at ease like
we're gonna talk to me now and stuff
wit and I saw this one program where the
guy's married yes he's with have you
seen that yes and but he's got a sixth
or and but he's what kids I know and
they speak yeah yeah yeah and I'm like
what kind of families you never get that
in a Pakistani home we might be running
barefoot like everywhere getting caught
up when I fall but another from having
sex with machines no technology is like
a mirror of our humanity of like what we
do I mean there was a book that came out
recently economy the name of it but it
basically talks through the the most
popular search results and it's how most
people would be disgusted about you know
what people search for and yeah habits
are but it's also the fact and and this
is where my interest in civil liberties
comes in which is most people but a lot
of policymakers think the Internet is
just a form of communication yeah but
it's also about discovering who we are
yeah so you might search something
online which is controversial you know I
might even search Isis online because I
find out about that man's yeah yeah
especially yeah I have a pretty good way
baking videos music but you'd search
that and then if that was used out of
context and you know you wanted to be
done by someone who had that information
they'd go look you were searching 100%
and say this is why we need to be
careful here in a long run
see I'm alright because since since
young I always used to clear my history
so I think I'm on top of it all the time
yeah yeah doesn't even matter now this
is ID on the other end
this is horrible yeah like do you mean
but it is actually scary like I think I
think this is the thing like we live
social media you know we have to it's a
it's our job well I think that it's just
it's like one of the best things that's
ever happened to humanity but this at
the same time I feel it's our downfall
because it's like oh I remember I was
with the like Yogi and Mommy and loads
of my other mates and we hadn't met for
a very long time this was quite a few
years back actually and this is when I
first kind of noticed
how phones were taking over because now
on your phone you can do anything you
know you could literally do anything
like you know you want a compass it
could be on the phone you want to take a
picture you want to listen to music you
can report it most people don't use it
for what phones made for yeah I don't
cool people know like he does everything
else is crazy and and and I remember
like I was with a big group of friends
and we were together in one place was
chilling and we hadn't seen each other
for a while so we had a lot to catch up
on and I remember for a split second I
was just checking my phone and then I
looked up and there's about ten of us
here by the way and I looked up and
literally everyone was just glued to
their phone in silent just tapping away
now this is ten people yeah they haven't
seen each other for such a long time and
I turned around and I said guys like it
we could have just all stayed at home
and what's up to each other you know I
mean like we don't even need to be here
and I made this for us it okay
everyone puts their phone on the table
whoever looks at their phone we said
that you can see the screen so if your
mum calls you or your Gil it's fine yeah
you've got like a two-minute window
struck apart from that whoever touches
their phone first has to pay for the
whole thing now everyone's Pakistani
they don't to be paying money yeah yeah
I mean we've got more like stuff to pay
for so yeah we we spent two hours with
off with the phones on our table no one
was allowed to touch it and I swear to
you this was like four or five years ago
right I still remember it because it was
one of the best conversations I've ever
had with my friends yeah now imagine I
could be having that on a daily basis
but no like no matter what we are just
so comfortable and it's just like we're
program just to get on our phone and
we're just so now sure and it's I've
been off social media for three weeks
and I've never done nearly nearly a
month I've never done it before and
don't get it twisted like sometimes when
you take some really nice pictures and
you put the right fewer you like artists
would bang on Instagram but then at the
same time I'm I feel so good because I
feel free as well no three you're like
why did I do this because I remember
when I worked in I've worked in France a
ski resort just on my gap year before
going to universe
for half a year it was it was like both
my one of my best experiences but one of
my worst cuz I was like the youngest
there and I was just like picked on for
being the youngest and like I'd never
been away from home for more than two
weeks yeah yeah but it definitely made
me grow as a person like when I went to
university most people weren't able to
do their own laundry and stuff and it
was like I had to take care of myself
yeah yeah the reason I brought it up was
because when I was there there was not
much instant yet to pay at the internet
cafe and it was when myspace was a big
thing my god myspace yeah and so when I
got home I was just like I didn't use it
like I used to go on every day I used to
refresh the homepage to see how someone
commented on a photo yeah yeah yeah now
what's happened is every time you get
another Apple website you'd you know
have my space than Facebook's he checked
my space then Facebook then you go oh I
have to check my space now and as you
have more and more apps you have more
reason to beginning and it's like this
addiction and I was like I don't feel
the need to use my space but then as I
started using it you get hooked in again
yeah
and so when you take those breaks your
right is freedom because I remember you
posting the other day about wanting to
take a break from it and yeah I mean
I've deleted swear off my phone that's
one the best things I've ever done yeah
because it's just a constant stream of
conversation it's not good for anxiety
yeah your brain doesn't switch off yeah
and I think there must be something
unhealthy about seeing a constant stream
where it'll be something from like it
could be a comment about sport and then
you know something happening in Syria
and then yeah something about brexit and
your brain is having to access different
dangerous I just I'm scared like I don't
use Twitter anymore because I'm like if
I if I say anything that's wrong
everyone's gonna see and that's horrible
and I specially in this day and age
everyone is so super sensitive yeah it's
like I'm a comedian is even harder for
me because obviously our job is to kind
of you know take the piss a bit but yeah
Twitter is so dangerous because you can
throw out your opinion but sometimes it
doesn't even feel like you have the
right to have an opinion if it's
offensive to someone right right like no
matter what like and I think that's kind
of a shame as well and oh yeah I've
always regard
it as a platform of anti new ones it's
why people get angry because what you do
is you have this big idea you want to
communicate yeah and you're shoving it
in a funnel I don't know how many
characters it is now but it was like
used to be a hundred and twenty then
there and so if you're trying to shove
all that fort into a hundred 20 carries
yeah it's not gonna be nuanced or
well-thought-out it's gonna be like the
the point of it weighs it now how many
characters is like to something in it
yeah it's mud but I just I don't bother
but you're right about also people
judging you anything he said I I'm sure
there is stuff on my Twitter feed from
when I first started it is bad yeah
oh I will be called out in one day and
people say I'm a terrible person but
that is why I think we have a
responsibility now to say we're not
perfect
I've put my hands out a story I tell a
lot of people are not I've not done it
on the podcast yes I'll tell it now but
like when I first started YouTube 12
years ago I did like comedy sketches
here and yet not particularly good ones
especially this one I'm about to mention
okay and I did parodies of different
youtubers yeah and there was a youtuber
who was a fashion guru I'll say his name
his name was william sledd and he went
on to be on TV and then and he did
amazing stuff and so I did a sketch of
him and I didn't know him personally I
did a comedy sketch just making fun of
the way he behaved and stuff like that
and I uploaded it and it did quite well
amongst my circle friends people saying
it was funny yeah and then I sent it to
him and I was like hey Willie if I made
this what you think and I didn't hear
back and back then we used the live
streaming website called stick em okay
and he was live one day and so I went
into his room was like okay well it's
miles I made that sketch what do you
think of it and he went oh yeah I was
totally mortified like by it and like
instantly I felt so bad and I was like
I'm so sorry
I deleted it I followed up with a
message
apologizing we didn't speak again but we
didn't really speak much anyway and I
know without doubt in hindsight it was a
homophobic video some of the gags about
him being very camp in it was completely
homophobic and you know what I deleted
it there's every chance it could be
found and someone would upload it one
day and that twelve years ago
me will be used to judge me now yeah but
I would condemn it and I would be
mortified if that was put up now because
it was disgusting and it came from a
place of ignorant there was no malice in
it yeah and I think it's why we have to
be careful about where intention lies
because we all make mistakes and the
problem we have in our world today is if
every time someone makes a mistake we
say you're an evil person or you you are
a bad person yeah and I speak a lot
before about anything there such thing
is about being a good or bad person
yeah you're a mixed bag and you know we
believe like an apple can turn bad but
you can't go good but with human beings
we can improve yeah and it said and if
you are just gonna say someone's bad
you'll basically defining him and you're
not giving them room to improve
and so i-i've definitely even when I was
like in primary school there I told
racist jokes and I know it and actually
I remember the first time when I stopped
and I must have been really little like
10 or maybe a bit younger but I was at a
park telling a racist joke and this guy
it he did it because you got the last
yeah his power play with it and this guy
said oh yeah it said it's my mate and he
was of he was of Asian origin I told
this racist joke and I saw him just go
like dead serious and in that moment it
was like just empathy and that money
like this is the consequence of you
telling a joke like I got the laughs
when you did it in the playground and in
that moment it was like yeah never again
and I remember apologizing there but his
mate was like laughing and I just saw in
his face and it was just like that's how
you learn in like yeah and unfortunately
yeah it's alright that I learned it that
caused him a bit of pain in that moment
yeah and that's terrible but I wasn't a
joke I can't remember I google I tell
the joke I remember this specific day
aegeon guys but the fact you say that
and I feel like really tense inside is
because it's it's traumatic to think
that I was a human being that did that
and it's because when I look back in my
past life there are things I don't
identify myself as being today because
we change and we learn do you think
though
that people are waiting like a bit too
sensitive because I feel like if there's
malice in a joke sure then hundred
percent I think you know like with me I
I'm a comedian because I want to make
people laugh sure we're good so
obviously if you do the opposite that's
completely like going against what
you're trying to achieve yes but then I
feel like I'm a failure so I've always
tried to keep that balance and I never
want to offend anyone but nowadays like
people would get a friend over anything
you know like any anything like you know
I do you know what it is though I I do
wonder - wakes then that is true because
I think they will always be sawing
online who says I'm offended and that's
what the media will pick up yes he's
offended I think there's this massive
middle ground of people that just want
to be like whatever lot I didn't find
that Drake funny walk yeah it's the loud
voices are gonna be the people that want
to offend like that offense say yeah and
those that are I've been offended yeah
and or I've been triggered and and all
this sort of stuff so but yeah in terms
of sensitivity I yeah I think there's no
doubt that people are more sensitive on
certain issues these days but I think
it's also because we're making a lot of
progress in terms of Griggs yeah and I
agree with that and I think that might
be
and as a result and force you are
getting people that are I think in a way
the people that are most sensitive are
probably making progress for a soul but
they're I guess yeah they're punching
far and it's like we don't want to go
that far but by them doing it it is
making us move along it's a weird one I
think we're definitely learning like I'm
learning everyday here you know and I
think you know sometimes when you when
you like like as an example even I mean
I don't really get any backlash but I
you know slip for us slang back in the
day like just on road like if you if you
if you didn't like anything you'd be
like oh that's gay yeah yeah it wasn't
actually even though in essence is kind
of you know yeah it's homophobic yeah it
was never meant but it was slang you
know like you know like slang would be
so weird like you'd you if you
complement something and like something
you say it's sick which is kind of
meaning the opposite it was so it but
we're just slang but then obviously when
I
oh okay in maybe in South London people
would understand that but now when
you're appealing to so many people you
know and especially like back then like
I had like a small group of friends and
and and and to the two of them obviously
the sexuality was you know different
they were you know they're gay so I
didn't want to upset them so I was like
oh the more people that watch this I
have to be even like I have to think
about it not just on in my world what I
you know feel is okay and what isn't
yeah at the same time what other people
like because when you do a YouTube video
someone in in Thailand or or Korea maybe
not North Korea it was it South Korea
which was a bad one yeah that's one keep
drinking that way but yeah like people
are in all these different parts of the
world that will have a different kind of
like mindset yeah and I think that's
quiet but I definitely do agree with you
I think that at the same time as well
being more careful makes us kind of be
kind of more kind of knowledgeable about
other people's feelings and and we
conduct ourselves better knowing that
you know we are basically watching where
we're stepping on which is I think
really important but at the same time
like I don't know if you saw a Dave
Chappelle's Dave Chappelle's a 3-part on
Netflix I'm a huge fan of Daysha yeah I
know the controversies that came of it I
love Dave yeah yeah but one thing Dave
Chappelle said to me actually saddened
me he actually said that I don't know
how long I'm gonna be doing this because
everyone's everyone's a pussy now you
know right and but at the same time
you're like you understand that times
are changing but then he's such a great
and like I get his me too and to know
that maybe comedy after maybe 5 10 15
years would never be like that right
right it's kind of sad where was it was
the article about again I I'm sure this
was just a hyperbolic headline
Millennials find friends homophobic and
it's a weird one of like again put the
head site there the headline aside if
there were people that watch that and
were offended that's fine I don't think
there was the outrage because what they
do is they do that
cool and then the people go political
correctness gone mad yeah and people go
but it's not political correctness and
then that's the four or they won but I
think if there are people that watch
that and go yeah I didn't find those
drugs particularly funny that's like
there's nothing wrong with that
yeah and so what people should realize
is if we look back even five years and
go that was totally unacceptable like
even if we talk about like James Bond
and how he treated women yeah some of it
you're just like wow yeah yeah yeah yeah
I think we have to be careful not to say
it should be deleted off platform the
reason that you find it offensive is
because of how much progress we've made
yeah in a weird way if we're ever gonna
make process three if anything at it
yeah because you can watch back like 10
15 years ago 20 years ago 30 years ago
and when you when you especially with
film you know when you're just looking
at the writing and kind of like the
storylines and the kind of like the the
villains and stuff like you can learn so
much from the mindset of of that era and
that's quite as I said that's kind of a
that's kind of cool it in terms of like
knowing where we are now as a
civilization yeah like how much we have
progressed because that's so funny like
yeah like there's so many things that
I'd watch NASA hey that's really bad
like yeah and and and you we would never
get away with you know like I don't
think anyone would want to kind of like
write that kind of material or anything
on this you know yeah it was like some
serious drama that wasn't trying to make
a point but ya know II I think I do
agree with you though it's just sir I
war changing I watched on BBC on iPlayer
they did like a selection of like old
gameshow classic game shows and one of
them was the Jim Davidson big break yeah
firstly I don't know who chose to put
that episode up there I didn't get
shocked very easily I could not believe
it so during it because in the middle of
the show they get one of the contestants
to come to the front and then he do a
trick shot yeah yeah and they had this
young girl that came up and Jim Davidson
was like openly flown with her stuff
like and it was really creepy and
awkward yeah and then that he got the
mummer to come on stage to help with the
trickshot and I don't if he can't
exactly if he was flirting with her or
with the girl still and some people it's
just it's like yeah that's just not it's
a bit weird and I just I don't know like
it's just really bizarre but but the
question I've always had for myself is
I'm worried because we're seeing all
this progress am i other things I say
now or am I gonna be a bigot of the
future like are there gonna be issues
that I can't change me yeah but I'm
hopeful because I think the rate of
change yeah it's so quick now going back
to the thing about like not having a job
for life or home for life even with
ideas we're having to evolve so quickly
that yeah she's crazy they're like
you're saying that how people may watch
this in the future and thinking oh wow
how could they be saying this like you
never know like their mindset might be
so completely different but if they're
watching right now I'm just saying
having sex with robots is wrong I mean
you need to stop that so you're gonna be
cooler bigger because there's gonna be
robots that are AI going it is what it
is I mean right once again banging MIT
oh that's weird
again there's no robots they're calling
you a bigot now cuz they go we deserve
whatever man II hope you run our battery
you know I mean see I worry about that
I've seen I've seen the clip of them
testing with the robots and there's the
robot that carries the box
yeah and it's guy as a hockey stick and
he like knocks the box out hard and it's
very but struggling to pick up getting
lose like pushing it away that's just to
show how good it is at keeping its
balance and I'm like I would destroy
that tight 10 15 20 years of the future
scan his fight yeah he's gonna be like
an old man knock at the door of a hockey
stick and put him in a box you know
you're talking about creepy game shows
have you seen that YouTube video of that
look not that guy he kept kissing little
kids have you seen that one no it was
really weird it was like oh I need to
find our so the link and I was like he
kept asking little you know kids little
girls and whether I have said yeah I
have see yeah have you seen it but he's
like a really old game show isn't it
clip I'm not saying and therefore it was
like it was 5 no no I mean it was like
seventies it was on TV
yeah yeah yeah is that can I have a kiss
it was yeah if that was trying to say
that to my little door below is a hockey
stick or
get my six what to attack him I mean
your six-foot yeah system of air
psychology but but but that's the thing
stuff that was done on TV then it was
shown once and that was it he didn't
have ketchup and so and and and that's
it in everything is now forever yeah and
I think the only things that used to be
immortal was like photos yeah but a
photo wouldn't really tell a story other
than you know people you know getting
around smiling now if someone sees a
video for me ten years ago but every
soft enough to check my old videos and
think do I still agree with it now
here's although I'd love to keep it up
and sort of showed this is how I've
evolved as a person yeah a part of me
feels like all someone could load that
now and go how do you explain this month
and I have and this is the thing and I
think it's why we need more people
coming forward and saying we're not
perfect yeah and it's not to excuse it
because I think we live in a world now
where people are so scared to admit
they're wrong it's why especially on
Twitter
if someone says saying wrong everyone
goes because I think they're scared of
like if the attentions not on me it's on
someone else and it's why this like mob
mentality it's like I this is my way of
like acknowledging that this kind of
thing exists in society it's by just
like going for the evil person yes I
know we're all flawed might mistake
perfection is perfection
you know we're human beings we know
we're men to not be perfect you know and
and I think that that's the beauty of it
making mistakes allows us to grow ya
know like if you're all perfect and
there would be no room for sure growth
or learning or experiencing new things
because we'd be we'd be doing everything
right so I think that's that's what we
have to understand and I think that we
have to kind of in this age just kind of
you know give some people the benefit of
the doubt you know that people if they
say something wrong they're not doing it
to to harm anyone or if they have you
know the way they're attacking them
makes them worse off than the person who
sent the tweet in the beginning if that
kind of makes sense because and it
oscillates them so they're not willing
they're thinking I'm not gonna go
anywhere yeah yeah no absolutely I grew
of that I think it is about being
passionate but it's not to take away
from the fact that if harm is done that
matters as well because I think there's
always this thing of saying we're now be
more compassionate to the you know the
perpetrator than the victim and I think
that there's a an interesting balance
because some people worry if we're so
forgiving then we're just giving people
a free pass but I think forgiveness
isn't just a transaction of your
forgiving for me forgiveness is saying
you know you made a mistake
yeah own it and your actions will
ultimately prove so for me I would say
I've not done a homophobic video in 12
years
track record do I get a round of
applause for that no I don't want to
replace but my you was getting ready for
it but my point is like contact context
matters yeah and so it's about looking
at how people behave if people change
because they've been caught yeah
that doesn't necessarily mean that
they're not sincere they might actually
be trying to change yeah yeah but at the
same time I think that you have to look
at the bigger picture not that moment
which is what people do online yeah what
do they tweet they're right that defines
them yeah yeah yeah and it's just like
well about Logan pool I was thinking
about it really
yeah a composer an interesting case he's
saying that he wants to you know try get
change and I uh I give him the benefit
of the doubt do we are we I think it's
wait and see the long-term actions um
and for those of you tuning in who don't
know what Logan Paul did he famously did
a I mean he has for a long time done
sensational videos all about clickbait
him yelling bears which is hardcore and
it's just been about getting that next
high but he was in Japan and he was in a
forest and there was it was renowned to
be a suicide forest people hung
themselves and he found someone he was
hung there and he got to eat literally
videoed him I mean the thumb there was
of him of the body hanging and in him
like looking shocked like it was edited
like that yeah yeah it was like that
yeah and uh it was again not excusing it
and actually abhorrent
it the backlash and some people go oh
it's only because he got a backlash that
he cares I'm sorry but when you're that
big and you have all these fans telling
you how great you are
yeah you do require someone to cut for
you know you need that backlash yeah and
he got shaken up and some people go oh
you're just give him an easy part you
know what just see how he behaves from
now on and I I don't really follow him
so he may have made other mistakes and
that doesn't necessarily mean he won't
get tasered Arap the week after I go
which to really help no yeah but I don't
know I yeah I see I caught it I find
that it's uh but the thing I say is like
people's behavior doesn't come out of a
vacuum Logan Paul wasn't like just some
you know person that one day for this
will be a good idea he was someone that
was like what is the next big thing and
it's just one degree after another and
eventually you get to an extreme
position it's like the frog in boiling
water like he didn't just go from doing
no videos to I'm gonna go into a suicide
forest and do this yeah and so in that
way I saw I don't give him a pass yeah
he needs to redeem himself
in action and like he did the whole
stuff on mental health following it I
think it was good I don't think that
changes it and I think he still needs to
do a lot more but he admits that as well
yes that he's not there yet I think it's
quite like obviously what happened was
obviously horrible you know I mean that
video I mean a lot of people can say
obviously people reacted different like
in different ways is when seeing a dead
body obviously that's what he was saying
that you know he he's not a person who
would maybe cry or feel shocked and
maybe he said that when he was laughing
he was nervous sure so you know benefit
of the doubt and I believe all that the
issue is the fact that after you filmed
it you then go through the process of
editing it yeah so I don't have an issue
how he reacted and like if you again
like you know you know what YouTube is
like especially vloggers they are doing
constant only for seven they become numb
and that's what I'm saying about the
high yes do the next extreme saying yes
I think for them it was like if they
knew what kind of black backlash they
were gonna get they would never of
sleep uploaded that video I don't know
maybe it was still beneficial at the end
because everyone is still talking about
him even people who don't even watch
YouTube and when they say bad publicity
is good publicity I'm not saying our
people go out there and do really messed
up stuff but at the same time I think it
hurt his career a lot I think it helped
a lot as well and and at the same time
as well I think a lot of good of a good
came of it as well because even though
that insta incident was horrible but
then him then you know for himself as a
human being you know being kind of like
you know putting himself out there and
finding out more about mental health
which it's like such a you know issue in
this day and age and learning from it
and spreading awareness to his millions
and millions of you I mean I guess
that's that's a positive and a lot of
young fans he said don't defend me
so I know he did that in his apology
video and again I'm not getting into the
credence of whether it was a good
apology video that was one veto I
thought was good because there were so
many young people going who are just
fans and they just like admired and so
much and again it gets to the thing of
people aren't fully bad or good they're
like I like him so you got to defend him
he's like no don't defend me and I think
that's a lesson for young people that
watched him as well so yeah again I
think by having these conversations and
if the process of forgiveness is about
what do we actually learn from this it's
not just about his journey it's about
the millions that watch and people go oh
so you mean that people have to be
taught not to go to a forest and it's
like but it's about the full context
it's about being responsible that if you
have an audience what is the thing
you're communicating it's also about
having empathy yeah so going back to the
story that I don't really want to talk
about much more but the the racist joke
I told when I was young in that moment
of just seeing this guy's face it was
like an instant moment of empathy of
like I've caused pain why did I say this
and I didn't do it again and you know I
think it's empathy is what it's about
because it makes people it makes us put
ourselves in other people's shoes
you should remember the joke though I I
do i I do remember it now I wouldn't
appear I know because it's hot it's high
without me I I feel like nauseous
thinking about
just because I just I don't recognize
myself telling that but you know that
that forest yeah that he went to that's
actually that's a real forest oh yeah I
think they made a film I think I've seen
it or maybe from film it's about like
people in Japan I think it's Japan go
there and then just commit suicide and
apparently supposed to be like extremely
quiet oh yeah yeah yeah it's like it is
known for like a place where it's like
there's certain bridges in the world and
other people jump have you heard about
that one bridge where dogs would just
jump off the bridge Oaks yeah it's the
weirdest phenomena
yeah yeah there's there's a bridge and
there's a sign literally saying don't
take your dogs on this bridge because if
you take if you take your dog to this
bridge he would just jump off wow I
didn't make it up that would be a
horrible you know disgusting joke no
that's just you can check it out my
sources are reliable I'm just yeah I'm
just looking up now the dog suicide
bridge Milton in Scotland yeah I think
since Scotland yeah the mystery of
Scotland's suicide bridge that's crazy
isn't it Wow it's not I mean this about
half an hour's drive at the Scottish see
of Glasgow there's a 19th century Castle
called over town house in the hundred
and 60 years it's been around the estate
has been served as a movie set a
maternity hospital and a place of
recovery for Allied soldiers during
World War two yeah he does in the 1950s
they people started calling it the
bridge of death that's because dogs had
started leaping off the bridge to their
death apparently without reason fifty
dogs have died after making the jump in
the past 50 years well you know I don't
get like if the story started spreading
that if you go in on this bridge and
your dog would jump off and die then why
would you take your dog like after like
the eighth incident or something what
okay so I just said if the people have
50 dogs in last 50 years during that
period another 600 dogs have made the
leap and survived so do people say oh no
I don't believe this let's take the dog
out and give it a try
boy ask my dog's my dog wouldn't do you
that yeah yeah and then he jumps off
yeah oh I guess I was wrong
let me cry now because I've ruined my
life
it doesn't make sense 600 watts so 650
dogs are dead this is really depressing
now yeah I'm not getting into the rest
of it yeah it goes into light there's
research to suggest the cherry blossom
racist joke I'm not gonna be able to
drop this what kind of what kind of
YouTube's videos do you watch the cuz I
love like you know that haunted stuff or
aliens or like conspiracies like
annoying before going to bed yeah rabbit
hole of just like I'll just have a look
at this and yeah yeah I I don't watch a
lot of like when I was much more
involved in this off-court YouTube
community it was like vloggers would
watch each other and thanks so much I
mean now I watched a lot of news shows
and stuff like but more like I guess
they are vloggers people talking about
these by watch people from all political
persuasions because I just like keeping
myself in check and never been in echo
chambers but yeah yeah I love watching
this sort of the top 10 yeah you know
yeah creepiest or haunted places top 5 I
watch I don't know if that guy's from
the UK I don't know there's a channel oh
yeah yeah yeah yeah he's good
yeah yeah I really liked his programs I
remember my friend yogi came to my house
and I just wanted to scare the shit out
of him so just like til five to five at
night we were just watching this like
all the videos are like top five most
haunted or top five were like biggest
conspiracy theories or whatever it was
and then Indian a sigh it's late now you
might as well see you might as well stay
over and sleep in the spare room and is
that what you want me it was like you
might just like stay over you stay in
this spare room and I know I'm sleeping
with you I'm like no you're not my
measly arm lays he's spooning me right I
just accepted you and said you know it's
better than a sex bug story raisin so on
the topic of you chief because you
mentioned right at the start you went to
drama school yeah yeah what was your
intention we go in a drama school like
what were you doing back then cuz
obviously YouTube wouldn't have been
really yeah as big of a thing back then
um yeah I think that it was just for me
I just loved
kind of
and I loved acting I loved comedy and
you know like you know when you're young
and you're like as a little kid you want
to be like a police officer or kind of
like a firefighter or rocket scientist
that for me it was always an actor
yeah always wanted to just get into
acting and get into comedy
sure and yeah and as soon as I finished
I I kind of like I went to court in
college and I did two years of
Performing Arts and I've got a G NVQ in
that nice and then I did two years in
Kingston college Performing Arts & btec
national diploma Wow and I wasn't doing
it so I can say oh yeah I've got a gene
V cure that I don't think that means
anything yeah I mean no offense if you
go yeah I'm just saying I just kind of
did it to just put myself into the
environment and just learn and meet new
people and then just kind of like just
for myself you know just kind of improve
myself I guess and the thing and I think
when I went to drama school the thing is
like all my life everyone's saying are
you so for any use of funny yeah but
there's a difference of being funny but
then being able to act and and be funny
while acting right and I think drama
school when I went to RDS and that was
that that was that kind of like how
shall I say the moment where I realized
oh my god I like is still so much to
learn like even though I fought that you
know what I've got my craft right but
you you will always build and build and
you will always learn something new and
yeah and that one of my teachers Tom
Hardy as well Tom Hardy yes true story
yeah because he basically my chilis name
is David Whitworth and he's been there
for I think that was his 20th year and I
wasn't even supposed to go to that drama
school basically what happened was I was
in Kingston college it was like one of
the last the last week before before it
ended and my teacher was that were you
gonna do next I don't know and to be
honest all I could really think about is
I think like the new Metal Gear Solid
was out so that's that was the only
thing for my future at the moment of
time and then he was like you should
really think of like past like when
you've you know complete the game where
you gonna do after oh shit he's got a
point and then he was like oh why didn't
you go to a drama school it's better
than uni because with you needs like if
you want to get into acting I think it's
like 90% written work right
this writings long so he said go to a
drama school and then audience was like
a really small drama school I think he
only has like I think like seventeen
students or something right um and he
called up David Whitworth who was in
charge of you know the drama school and
he basically said look I've got a really
talented a young kind of pupil that
doesn't know what he wants to do next I
just want you to see him so David
basically said look you know yeah we've
got seventeen spaces it's all filled
like you know can't really do anything
now I'm a bit late so my my chewer then
Carlos he basically said please just
give him a chance
and he was all right just tell him to
come tomorrow and learn a Shakespeare
piece so Carlos like look you've got
like 24 hours to learn something that's
funny
and Shakespeare and you have to kind of
perform in front of this guy named David
Whitworth yeah so why not yeah Banta so
I next day I went there I did it with
you what did you learn what Shakespeare
I think was something from the comedy of
errors oh yeah yeah and yes so I did
that and yeah they were just really
quiet and then he sat me down and he
goes well obviously we usually like send
you away and then we'll get in contact
with you if you've got the part or not
but I'll be honest with you throughout
my 20 years we've only had like a
certain amount of pupils and we don't
got over but this is the one year that
I'm going to make an exception and we're
gonna you know we're gonna allow you to
basically I'm saying I'm sick yeah yeah
and and and I've chosen one yeah and
I've got in and Tom Hardy used to be
taught by David Whitworth and because
this was David's last year Tom decided
to come back and and and take time out
of his busy schedule too and he was a
really big then like obviously now he's
like yeah yeah he came down and he he
just started talking and teaching us
about acting and camera work in
Hollywood and yeah he was very intense
we had a couple of issues here and there
but he was he was definitely really
gifted you know and I learned so much in
that year not just from Tom but from
David as well well and yeah it was a
great experience for me and he just kind
of after that I wanted to obviously act
and all my friends were gonna you know
go out and you know do auditions and
stuff but I just kept playing the part
of in a terrorist number two you know
and I don't want that you know like at
least terrorist number one which is more
money yeah I mean so yeah and then I
just found YouTube so I used to love
like you know making you know like a
smaller videos in my bedroom but there's
obviously videos and and and just kind
of like yeah just edit them up and and
just kind of you know have fun with them
so they were just well why didn't you
you know put something on YouTube and I
think my first ever thing that I did was
it was called The Chronicles of do is
like some really funny weird stupid
thing that I made just five parts it
wasn't for anyone
I lived who just made it and and put it
out there just so I know
oh I can you know I did a production
together you know they're just me
messing around with the camera but do
what it's still okay and then after that
I said alright let me make something now
that that can appeal to other people and
that can get you know get someone's
attention like whether it's a casting
agent or a director or someone who can
point me in the right direction
let me make something that could
hopefully you know spread a bit and and
maybe xre I think that's back there when
I said that that's wrong spread is a
hard word and and yeah and I kind of I
made this thing could die of a bad man I
never put it out but my friends when
they would come and they would like try
to catch me I see what porn I'm watching
you never find anything with clear
history in there
but then they would come across dire bad
man and well why don't you put this out
and I said Arnaud I don't know if that's
the one but they were like no I just do
it you've made it now
so I put it out there and then
everything just changed it was like
overnight was the craziest experience
ever like you know it's like in first 24
hours I've got 5,000 views which back
then yeah yeah it was you know like I
was like a list and I like Tom Cruise
Will Smith me same thing and then like
he just grew to 20
next day it was like 30,000 the next day
was at 45 and then 60 and I was like I
have to make another one made another
one straight away a hundred thousand two
hundred thousand three hundred thousand
made the third one like started getting
to the millions and right and that's
kind of like where and it was so funny
as well cuz I said I was just trying to
get one person's attention that could
help me but what I didn't realize was
YouTube was actually gonna create a
brand let me you know
allow me to create my own brand sure
that's why I will always say no matter
how much mainstream stuff I do to me
YouTube is probably the most important
in my heart anyway and I have a great
relationship with YouTube and and
they've really I believe helped me so
much through my career now that's why I
always like kind of do my part you know
whether it's just being an ambassador or
or what whatever else I always try to
kind of like represent YouTube as best
as I can because I feel that if it
wasn't for them for a brand Asian
Pakistani Muslim trying to get onto TV
when there's only like what four or five
big channels out there and the stuff
that they put out with the people they
chew cast and choose I mean it was just
going to be super hard for me to ever
achieve my dream and luckily YouTube
came along and I was allowed to create
my own content and kind of like create
my you know basically make my dream into
a reality
you know just create content and put it
out on a channel yeah and and getting
people to watch it what's the difference
between that and TV sure yeah it's the
same thing
so YouTube just allowed me so hello this
is your channel oh yeah yeah and not
only that there will be people that
watch your videos that have been waiting
for content that relates to more is what
there are whereas before you'd have to
put on five channels I mean I'll never
forget when my nan first had sky and I'd
never known of sky before was 600
channels yeah and you just go for it I
you basically spend the time just
flicking through the channels just
absolute rubbish like yeah and it and
it's because you could only choose the
channels you can actually choose the
content now you can actually search for
the things the end want to learn about
and so it's now not just being good for
content creators like itself it's also
for the audience's to realize what
actually matters to me yeah and I can
tune in so
how did I always like regard it as a
Eureka moment sort of that point in your
life you look back on anything and
sometimes there's more than one moment
we think that was in hindsight when I
became the person that I am today like
is there a because you're a very much
mission driven now with and what lofty
will get to the the tools you've done at
schools and then sort of the the the
messages you had in your videos but like
is there a bit you look back on that you
think that was when it sort of clicked
for me and it was like that's when I was
on this path what click doesn't like
where I thought that I was finally
living my dream is that it could be that
or or even that you sort of you became
awake to like thinking the way that
course we're always changing I mean me
for example yeah was when I was at
secondary school and in my final year
and you can tell us a private school
when I say this they had public speaking
competitions and in the final year I did
a persuasive speech and I took the
school rules and I critiqued him because
there were people being bullied that
were leaving because they were being
bullied the bully oh was was fine there
was all this stuff going on and in hot
at a time it wasn't that significant to
me in hindsight I realize that was when
I rip an e establishment like speaking
out and it didn't mean so I just didn't
if there were times where you thought
but it could have been the release of
that video it was like now I'm really
reaching out to people I think you know
when I was young I always used to like I
would do anything to get a laugh like I
remember like with my cousin's I mean
hey look at my bum and I just showed my
bum obviously I realize it's wrong I
stopped like a few weeks ago I was young
and foolish but yeah like I would I
would just I had so much enjoyment just
making people laugh and and I was always
like you know I mean is this obviously a
bit predictable by I was obviously like
you know kind of like the clown whether
it's with my family or with my friends
or or in class and so I and I always had
people around me saying you're good
you're gonna make it you're gonna make
it and in my head I I didn't think that
anything else was gonna happen right
like I just thought that yes I'm I'm
gonna be a comedian and an actor and I'm
just gonna have fun with it and that's
the end of like I never thought
oh if this doesn't work then I'll do
this I obviously did Business Studies in
sixth form just to gas my Asian parents
up and said I'll go you know like you
know distinction business or whatever
got marry I don't know it was but that
was just to make them happy but I knew
in essence thank you I knew that I was
always going to get into kind of kind of
comedy but I think when I released the
second video they were bad man 2 I
remember someone contacted me for a
music video and it was just like a small
music video it's nothing like you know -
you actually know the production was
actually pretty big actually and I
remember going there and there were so
many people there and everyone was just
so like kind of excited to see me and
there was like some Asian stars there as
well that I knew of
you know Asian musicians and singers who
were also at the video shoot and they
were like oh let's take a picture and
I'm like oh I should be taking a picture
with you why would you want to take a
picture with me and then and I remember
like in all day like everyone is
treating me super nice and I felt like
like literally like a celeb and it was
it was such a nurse a real experience
and I remember going outside I'll say
excited you know and I said to to my
cousin I call my cousin up he's like his
name is Fahim is like one of my closest
people ever
and I said believe it Mandy these these
idiots think I'm famous like you know
like you know this the everyone's being
so nice I feel like a proper feel like
special and and I was saying that and
and such a great experience and I I put
the phone down
I left as I said everyone was so nice on
the video shoot and I just felt so good
inside and then I went into the car and
I saw I guess I'm going back to normal
life not just you know this is my only
my second video by the way I said I
might as I'm just gonna go I think I was
near Edgware Road I said are just going
to go fill up my car and and go home and
then just go back to normal and I went
to the petrol station and soon as I got
out of the car there was like about four
or five boys working pass in the black
diary of a bad man please
a picture bro can we take a picture
above and as I yeah of course
I just got out of my car I just thought
I was going back to a normal life and
they took a picture with me all of them
and they were so nice and and and and
I'm really like I'm just really polite
and and kind of like
they were so excited to see me was it
was such a surreal experience and when
they left I him I will never forget not
that one
baaji petrol station I was just there
standing there and I had this sensation
like I just knew that life was gonna be
different now sure you know and I did
and I and I appreciate it because I was
like God knew that I you know I tried to
be as much as I can a very spiritual
person God knew that this was the only I
could never do anything else I know
that's probably because I'm rubbish at
everything anyway yeah mostly but you
know that was a one thing that God can I
believe gave me now a bit of a gift and
and made me rubbish at everything else
but it gave me a little bit of a gift of
making people you know like laugh or
just being an entertainer and he he gave
me that he gave me that and I and and
there and then I I just never I would
never forget that day because I was like
soon as I thought I'd go back to my
normal life
straightaway be just as I got out the
car door not what kind of eyesight they
got I think they were like half human
half six BOTS because they they would
just they had some makes I like there
was so far it was at night I was like
what's wrong with what kind of carrots
de bro and they just found me and took a
picture and I was just like yeah this is
it was the most amazing experience
everyone and now I'll never forget that
day that's awesome man and so for those
that aren't familiar with your work what
is the sort of messaging because for you
it's about being a British Muslim and
was there a sort of particular point
what was that was that always a theme
throughout your videos but then there
was a point where you were like there is
so much anti-muslim rhetoric in the UK
it's now - time to turn it up a notch or
to take it head-on I think with Diary of
a bad man so it's a player I play a
young kind of Pakistani Muslim British
citizen living in
south london who keeps getting himself
into trouble in situations but he learns
from it and and he grows as a character
and i knew that this would be great for
the muslim community because they can
watch they can kind of relate and and
and take something from it and also the
asian community who don't have much to I
mean when you think of mainstream TV you
think of what goodness gracious me
and then like fifty five thousand years
later we've got citizencon it's like yes
we're left the way good you know and
then you know like there's hardly
anything out this I just I wanted to
create something that they could relate
to and connect with and and his and his
weight as well because I would out be
talking about like certain jokes that
Asian people do like as an example like
we would when we finished with curry
they would like put it in ice cream
boxes mom that my mom would always put
like Korean ice cream boxes and put in
the fridge or the freezer so when I see
I'm not ice cream I'm thinking I'm gonna
have strawberries and cream ice cream
open it and it's like lamb curry
yeah which completely misses me I yeah
and and and but then but then I would
have so many fans messaging me from
different backgrounds and cultures and
writing we do the same yeah so so yeah
so when I was doing that I I kind of did
it for just to provide a kind of like a
form of entertainment for Muslims Asian
people and young people in general yeah
because I was all of these three things
and I had so many things I just wanted
to get off my chest so many things that
I've learned you know growing up I was
like these these things are funny let's
talk about them and also comedy is
universal so I just knew it appeal to
anyone so I knew eventually like after I
think I feel like diary of a bad man six
and I've done about 16 episodes and now
I'm like on my new series which is
called bad man which is ten episodes
it's more of a kind of like a each one's
like a feature film you know practically
or like but I've taken the character
very far but I knew straight on the
after like the sixth episode that this
is not just a Muslim thing this is not
just a Asian thing this is you know this
is not just for young people this this
communicates to so many more people and
that's the power of comedy so yeah it
wasn't like my my agenda to kind of make
a certain time
of continent and just to keep at that I
would just I started off doing something
that I could relate to and I knew my
people would enjoy and then it just got
broader and I and I just I knew my
audience was getting bigger and bigger
by the day so I just kind of started you
know as I said you know started
broadening the the world you know that
was creating and and then I started
doing different types of shows I've got
a show called bubble gum where I play my
dad and he's he runs a shop where he so
school uniform and he has that two
illegal immigrants that work for him and
and it's it's hilarious yeah and it's
really stupid and it's just like the
most random thing you would see then I
have like black and brown which is me
and another comedian called jazzy and we
have a show about just us two young
people just trying to get gills but was
just you know failing yeah and and you
know then you have like you know diary
of a bad man I made bad man which is
kind of like more it's more serious now
definitely the comedy is stored there
but it has you know more of a social
message and yeah as I said I'm doing all
these different types of shows but in
essence because of the so-called Fame
that I have since the petrol station
incident I realized that being a Muslim
and being an Asian and being kind of in
the limelight or being known as a public
figure I have a responsibility to
represent to the best of my ability
because I'm not perfect and and kind of
speak out and kind of easier basically
represent them as as best as I can and
that's why I always tried to kind of go
out of my way and and tackle things
whether it's Islamophobia or you know
like racism or whatever it can be just
to kind of help my causes or even just
doing more with you know Charlie no
Muslim charities and I as I said I do I
I do everything you know like but I just
I know where my roots are as well so I
wanna I never want to kind of forget
that it's really interesting because it
goes back to what we're talking about
human beings being complicated because
on the one hand you are more than a
Muslim you're more than Asian you're a
human being that
these traits in your life yeah and so on
the one hand it's like I want to be an
individual yeah
but at the same time the media that we
live in we'll take a stereotype of a
Muslim stereotype of an Asian yeah and
the common theme I see when I speak with
people from all backgrounds is it's
about controlling your narrative so it
must be a weird balance because you want
to be no more than just a comedian and
an Asian Muslim yeah you wanna be known
as lots of different things yeah but in
life when it comes to branding you do
have to choose like what are the here
I'd say boxes they tick but like kind of
just think about what are the sort of
the labels that I'm gonna try and shape
and help improve the perception of I
mean I think that's I think that's why
it's such a shame this is why I love
YouTube and and and I don't as I said I
you know I've put my kind of like a foot
in to the kind of the mainstream now and
I've had like my own BBC show called
coconut which I think Stone iPlayer
and you know I just did a sky show sky
comedy show I think for Christmas with
another comedian Moe Gilligan who's got
a who's on the big nasty show and trying
to for which is doing really good as
well and you know all right now I've got
a like a kind of like a oh not urban
like I kind of just just a quiz show
internet quiz show which was on together
TV as well so I'm doing like bits and
bobs but what I feel is the majority
there's just me being real these big
channels they will say oh we need
something to appeal to the Asians let's
get an Asian you know let's get I don't
know like Ramesh let's get him give him
a show that's the Asians ticked off
that's it
if I literally if I if I see and I love
Ramesh I've done stuff with Ramesh as
well and like if I see him as I said on
I should say on BBC let's just say he
has a show there I would look at it and
say okay I know how the execs are
thinking what the commissioners they
don't need me because I already have one
you know that's the stuff
but that's that's how it is really
interesting isn't it it's they've it's
these things have been set up to help
have better representation but what it
does is in the long run it doesn't serve
people because now people it's we're not
just going for diversity in terms of
let's just get people one it's now like
people have become so like that this
tunnel vision yeah and like that what
are the boxes you actually do have to
tick and is really I do think it's
improving though like that's one thing
that I'll say I'm not I'm not I don't
want to always be that one not pulling
out the race card and saying also hard
for us it's getting better trust me and
and sometimes it can actually play To
Your Strengths being different you know
cuz I have loved a lot of friends who
are why and they're like you're so lucky
because you're you're you stand out
you're different you know like we have
like you know these what they they're
saying to me they're saying we go to an
audition and like you know there's like
one part and then they'll have like
hundred people that all look the same
you know they're getting this one part
but then you have something where they
want a particular now they want like
particular like people that look like
this this this and this you could never
get that part so like you know it always
give-and-take as well and I know I know
that as a as kind of like you know as
the industry is taking the right steps
and they are starting to have a few of
the right commissioners with the right
mindsets and I feel that they you know
the kind of the older wigs are kind of
you know now not dying off but like
retiring or ever I know these sometimes
awful you know maybe and they get
electric truck from the sexbot but you
know whatever it is you shouldn't be
connected in the first place but wait
what is this like you know these new
commissioners are coming in this new
blood and it's a new way of thinking so
things are in the right direction and it
can work for you
being different but I think at the same
time we are so like I this is what I
have a Mahon and my manager Danny like I
love him and and will actually no I take
that back I don't love him he's just my
manager but I have to say to keep him
happy and to get me jobs I'm I always
said to him I was like for now I don't
know if my mindset would change but
I obviously want to get more into the
mainstream and if I can do it that's
great because that's what I want to do
but no matter what I have youtube there
and I'll just create my own brand and
maybe next year I don't know like maybe
I'll be like this is not working out
anymore but in my heart that's I just
know that's that's not that used to be a
plan B but that's kind of like a plan a
because as a creative we want to put we
I don't want to wait two years fro sure
to be commissioned you know I've been in
the process where I've like written like
such an amazing script and then get
turned down after twelve months of work
right you know what was the point of
that you know no money can justify that
yeah being wasted of your life you know
there's not as much to gain in that you
know and and yeah that's why I always
look at YouTube like a great place like
look you had a podcast idea you wanted
to do this you didn't rely on anyone
else you did it yourself
you know vice versa like my show bad man
at the lost last episode that I did was
like nearly an hour and a half long and
it all came out of my pocket but why cuz
I'm creating content that I feel that
people are really gonna enjoy and I'm
missing out on and I'm I'm not relying
on you know someone to give me a call
and saying we're gonna find your show
I'll do it myself
I'll make it myself when I die I know
that content is going to be enjoyed by
millions and millions of people you know
even after I'm gone you know and that's
that means more than anything else is
the flip side of building your own
audience and then letting the media
follow I mean I think of even in terms
of news about there have been I think
it's changing a lot now but I just think
about Occupy Wall Street which was quite
a few years ago now but in New York and
I remember that watching all this
alternative media doing live streams on
the ground of crowds
unlike protests like and like I've ever
seen in New York and the media wasn't
reporting on it it got to a point where
the media would then look that the
mainstream media would look out of touch
of oh we're not reporting on it and you
see a lot of these things now where a
video goes viral online yeah and then
the news has to report on it and and
unfortunate it's gone the other way now
where did they really have to report on
that well they feel they have to or else
they seem out of touch
but it but it's this sort of flip side
and it goes back to like controlling
your own narrative there you can still
go for those jobs in broadcast and that
yeah if you keep massaging your channel
with your core content where your
integrity is 100% you haven't had to
have it
you know watered down by you know the
commission of lots of people tuning in
it means that if that's you controlling
you know your brand
it means the opportunities you get it'll
refer to that whereas people that have
had to go into broadcast straightaway
yeah that shapes their brand which
sometimes works for the better but at
least through this way you know that
I've had the freedom you work out
exactly what I want to do so you I'm
gonna jump to something in and you can
fill in leading up to this the police
got in but starting a sentence like that
from your videos the police got involved
which in most cases is not a sentence
you want to have describe you with yeah
but you work with the police he I knew
started going into schools as a part of
their program yeah I did yeah and so how
did that start and what was the aim and
what was your importing that I think
yeah my am my manager just called me up
what I love that the police are cool
yeah lives me they said the police of
course it and I'm just thinking what did
I do in the last week that they've
clocked and and then you try to history
yeah I've done I've done all the basics
and and then yeah enough for okay let me
let's meet them up because they offered
lunch so I was like you know what they
played it right so yeah we went we had a
curry it was nice and and then yeah they
were just like we're trying to stop
young kids from being radicalized
and from doing something that you know
would kind of jeopardize their own life
as well as others now obviously for me
like ah you know obviously I being I've
grown up in Stratham and know brie and
Putin he fanned and and you know those
kind of areas where like working with
the police is a bit
kind of like you would you know
sometimes you would say that you could
you know ruin your rep but then I was
like I don't even have a rep anyway so
why not yeah and and yeah and and to be
fair like when they spoke to me they
said you could look we we want you to
make a video and I made a video called
I'm a Muslim not a terrorist and you're
basically just stopping young people
from as I said hurting themselves or
others you know who believe that they're
doing it in the name of God yeah because
there's a lot of people from Britain who
have fled yes to join the fight yeah
well you say a lot more than there
should be is not yeah yeah yeah in terms
of how the media perpetuates it it's not
like you're on like plane loads exactly
that's the thing like you know like it's
talked about so much yeah honestly like
we're talking about a handful of cases
if if that yeah but you have to
understand that even if one person does
something bad it's it can it can affect
so many people yeah you know so that's
that's the point it was just like even
with my work I've always said that you
know I use comedy as a tutor to help
people when they feel down when they
feel out cuz I always say in my talks
like you know life is so hard and you
know we go through so much stuff whether
it's like you know family issues or peer
pressure's or or losing a loved one or
heartbreak or whatever it is and and
it's just great when I make a joke when
I'm on stage like when I'm doing
stand-up or even through one of my
videos if someone's watching and and
they laugh at one of my jokes for those
10 seconds while they're laughing they
forget everything and I think that's the
most beautiful thing you different of a
human being and and I've always kind of
wanted to you know create content to
just make people's I've we've all felt
we've all had that kind of you know been
in a dark place and and sometimes I mean
I've had like literally tens of tens of
thousands of messages all saying that
you know oh this helped me mean my stage
with depression or this helped yeah I I
don't want to talk about actually makes
me teary like the amount of message
I would get a fans are going through the
craziest things or saying that my videos
help I'm like really I'm like well if
that's the case I need to keep making
videos but anyway so with the police it
was just about it was it's two sides
because not only am i as a British
citizen you know using my kind of Fame
you know for for good
and giving back to the community but
then also I have an opportunity where I
can also show non-muslims that don't
believe what you see on the media like
all of this stuff like Muslims we're not
we're not like you know like when you
say when you a lot of people who might
not have that education or knowledge
about what a Muslim is or what Islam is
you know from just the TV and the
newspapers you would have this kind of
image of a Muslim just being like you
know terrorist looking dangerous threat
sure but as I said like look how long
you known me I haven't blown anything up
ya know yeah and and and that's the
thing is like I get an opportunity to
kind of spread that and just say look
we're normal people just like you we
brief we sleep just like you might be a
bit more hairy off but with the same
really um and and yen and then I made
that video and it did really well and
then they were like let's go to a school
and go to a classroom and surprise the
kids so we went to Leicester we had like
loads of like people coming down like
BBC and I think like an IO BC I'll come
to all of them they all came down and
and and they and and they were there and
the kids loved it and they were like oh
it's do a few more schools so we did a
few more schools then we said doing a
couple of assemblies and it just spread
like wildfire and I think in this space
of a year and a half I think I did over
a hundred and thirty shows and I
performed to over 80,000 young kids
while doing that one classroom with like
20 kids we were doing like assembly six
seven eight hundred kids at our time and
I would be doing four shows a day
but and all over the UK Oliver I know it
was actually all over London I was it
yeah I think I think we did no we did a
bit outside of that majority of it was
actually in London so and honestly it
was one of the hardest experiences of my
life cuz I had to wake up at 5:00 I was
like at the same time it was one of the
most rewarding things I've ever done
because not only one got to see my fans
because most of them you know I don't
know how but they watch my stuff they
know who I had they were excited to see
me and the energy was crazy but then
knowing at the end you know just you
know make them laugh and then and and I
would like kind of you know entertain
them but in the end just better just a
message first of all that you know us
Muslims we are normal people just like
you and also you know just to the
Muslims there as well just to make them
realise that remember that even if you
feel like sometimes you've been picked
on and you feel like you have to
retaliate not with violence because in
Islam we don't you believe that the that
violence and anger comes from the devil
you know so you know that's not who we
ask people if you look at you know what
we actually believe in Islam means peace
you know but people obviously don't
don't see that because the only time you
have you see the heading Islam it's
usually you know attached to terrorists
or you know explosion or death or you
know stuff like very negative thing so
yeah that was a very crazy experience
but it was amazing and and it changed my
life as well I mean I started like I met
the rock and he told me that he read my
article because I was next to him in the
New York Times really yeah and this is
we had the same agents basically a long
story short my agents WME we were in
Hollywood if Everly here was a thing
long table all these agents I didn't
know I had these many agents they were
like oh who would you love to work with
I was like well obviously my role models
of rock so one day obviously not now I'm
not guessing it and then and oh are you
friend of a rock and I was obviously
everyone is who would be and oh yeah
well he was going to comment it
what I'll do is let me let me just give
him a call and if he's coming in today
I'm letting him to come early so he can
just you know like catch up with him and
literally there
I can't even repeat why I said to her
you know I just basically didn't believe
she was just the devil and then 30
minutes later Johnson and it's like we
went into a room so there's Dwayne he's
agent my agent and my manager she wasn't
there any to be fair and we're just in a
room rocked shook my hand obviously
broke it at the same time I'm sure I
appreciated the gesture and it was crazy
when he said this is my role model yeah
well someone that I look up to you like
he's my hero like I I love doing and
acting wrestling everything and he just
said yeah I read one of your articles
about you know something where your
tools or something it was next to mine
because he's a new film san andreas was
was coming around here and I swear to
you I was like I just I was like wow I'm
just a fat Pakistani from South London
and the rock is digging me up like you
know like always read about me and his
agents come on knowing because yeah he
he has a 19 and I think 90 million views
and he was guessing it was actually a 2
at the time but I was like yeah I got my
hand and then honestly then doing just
just chilled with me and he just spoke
to me he made a video we took pictures
and and he was them it was the best
experience of my life and then after
that we we went and I'm so upset as well
because he was like this yo you know
obviously you do YouTube videos let's
record something now where's your camera
and that was the only day I left my
camera in the hotel or my villa or
whatever it was and I was so upset yeah
I literally I could have slapped myself
and but anyway and then we went to New
York
afterwards cuz we had meetings there and
then from New York when we were coming
back to London
my phone was popping off and literally I
think I picked up eventually and I was
one of my friends JP I wouldn't call him
a friend I just know him and and he was
like oh the rock just shouted you're on
his Instagram
and I was that brought shot I once again
you know too many Devils out there like
that's gonna upset me if I find that
it's not true that's not even funny yeah
yeah like and then I checked and he put
up the Instagram picture of me and him
and he just said that I would love to
one day work with you and he did and he
reposted my one because I did to lock a
long essay about me my hero and that I
think was like I don't know what the
time was roughly but whatever time it
was in New York in London coincidentally
this could have been a crazy coincidence
it was my birthday and it was exactly 12
o'clock when we put it up like so just
after midnight
so it was like and he says I'd lots work
you one day yeah something so yeah we
scream boys good take it and then better
contracts yeah I think that's pretty I'm
just waiting to be in anything with him
but yeah but anyway like I need to go up
to America a bit more anyway so
hopefully will happen if not I'm I'm
happy you know it was a free Wars that's
living life right that's amazing and
it's good to show that you know what you
can do things that have a lot of
societal benefit and like make a
difference and you can have fun on the
side there's like this idea that you've
got to choose one of the other and it's
like ya know you we live in this world
now where people from all different
industries and that you can do a bit of
everything yeah and I think that that
makes life exciting as well you were
saying about when you were speaking to
these kids about it's a it's about
combating again the narrative of how the
Muslims are perceived in the media in
that something that often comes up a lot
are I party think there is some truth to
it I think to the extent that
responsibility is put to this side I
think is overblown but it's the idea
that moderate Muslims need to be more
outspoken in the media to combat and
sort of take responsibility and we can
straight away go yeah so every time
there's a shooting do or what yeah you
know I'd like you to do white people but
I think there is some truth in the sense
of you know let's not just say it's
about Islam
I think ideology is potentially
dangerous
if it's fundamental in the sense if you
don't use critical thinking he always
talked about you know cherry-picking as
if it's a bad thing I think if you take
the good elements and you optimize it to
improve your life I think that's good
but IIIi don't single out religion yeah
it's any ideology I think if your if
your ideology is capitalism yeah
entirely and like you stand by it no
matter what
that's dangerous if it's socialism again
I think and I think with all ideologies
I think there's an issue there so I
think there is some truth about getting
the voice about being a moderates I
think being a moderate has just been
critical yeah and and so when you spoke
to the schools did you also talk on the
other side about because because also
you're trying to plant seeds to make it
so that young people don't even consider
of going down the path of because
radicalization is yeah from
fundamentally and so how did that how
was that involved in topics on that yeah
so I mean basically like the format was
when I went to all the school so I'd
come in I surprised them most of the
time they wouldn't know that I'm I'm
there the first 5-10 minutes would be
pretty crazy so it's just morning
assembly yeah yeah hey and then like
like I've got a couple of vlogs I think
two vlogs of the schools that I and I
did I've seen some of the footage I'm
going crazy it's amazing I've had the
crazy story but yeah so it would be a
great reception and and then yeah and
then afterwards we're just out just kind
of like her make a few jokes
tell them why I'm here and yeah and then
I I don't want to be preachy because
young people today are that did I even
say like I guarantee you most of you are
more intelligent than me because like
the way that the society like these kids
like I've seen to yours like like do
things on the iPad that I didn't even
know about like certain like I had my
little I think my little cousin he's
like literally like you don't even two
year and he did like a shortcut on
getting on the app and I was like rah
how do you do that and he don't you
speak I read even answer me I remember
my last year of secondary school leave
in the IT lab
and the first years were literally
laying and in information technology
what I just learned I was just like but
that's again because technology's really
positive it's it was depressing but also
the sense of I care you what it's like
so it's nothing to do with when you're
old enough to learn it's crazy it's
crazy I mean that I mean as I said it's
a I in it but yes so when when when I'm
when I do I do want to I don't want to
be preachy I don't wanna I don't want to
tell the kids what's right and wrong
they already know that
yeah they they're clever enough to you
know differentiate the the difference
between right and wrong all I'm saying
is I just my messages I want to do is to
to show like people who don't know much
about Islam who are not Muslims that
look you know we're normal people just
like you and and tell them a bit about
myself and and and and what I'm doing
and then just for the Muslims as well
just to say look as well like you have
to understand that you know I believe
you know like most of these kind of
terrorist attacks I mean this is led
from not religion yeah this you don't
you don't read the Quran and it says oh
yeah killed these many people or do this
or do that no like nothing is like that
there yeah but these people they're
using religion because they know most
Muslims are so passionate we have you
know like like so many like religious
people whether you're Muslim Christian
Jewish or you know whatever you are
whatever you believe in you know a lot
of people who are very religious have
that passion for God so if you're saying
oh you have to do this in for that for
God yeah and you are someone who
portrays themselves as to be very
religious and pious then if you're very
young and vulnerable to being influenced
you're gonna be thinking well that guy
who's got a really long beard looks like
he knows what he's talking about and
yeah we all kind of like we need to
retaliate because of all the bad things
that are happening to us and that kind
of justifies their actions like sure you
know and and what I'm trying to say is
that we're in a day and age where we
don't need to we don't need to make a
statement by by hurting people true you
know by doing you know doing something
that's actually not in our religion is
not part of
character and and and and and just not
you know there's there's other ways
there are other ways of making a social
impact a different I look at meanie
there's loads of things that we want to
achieve yeah you know this podcast is
you're gonna meet some amazing people
and create some great conversations and
someone after someone someone is gonna
you know appreciate in that could stem
to something else in and and in a create
a movement of a topic that you might
have been talking about whatever it is
or change someone's perception of oh
yeah maybe I've said a few racist jokes
oh oh yeah like you know I used to you
say a couple of things that would be you
know homophobic or sexist or whatever it
is like they can learn from it you know
or maybe I should not have sex with my
robot anymore because it's dangerous you
know like whatever light is throughout
they obviously yeah that's that's that's
that's another podcast maybe for next
year and but but you know that the fact
is it's like even with me like I showed
them I said look what I'm doing
I'm using my platform to spread
awareness to spend peace and a good
message and I know that I'm probably
gonna help more people and do more good
than anyone thinks they're doing if
they're doing a terrible act yeah yeah
but but when I say these were these kind
of messages there would be very sure
impact for you know then in the end then
after this would you like a Q&A and be
like a standard like an improv standard
already I would just awkward laugh and
then would do like a huge selfie and
then I'll just put an s it and then and
they you know cuz I don't want them to
feel that that's the only reason I'm
there but just to just to plan that
little seed you know the food of thought
you know just be careful
you know we we're a community doesn't
matter what religion you are you know we
are growing up and you guys are the
future we need to kind of conduct
ourselves where we all kind of you know
we don't segregated groups you know if
we don't work like that now like we all
mix when you look you know even just
around us you know like you know we are
different people from different
backgrounds but we have the same kind of
feelings the same ambitions the same as
so I think that's really important to
put across to the to the young kids and
stuff and don't get it twisted it was it
was it was scary as well because I
like you know like with the newspapers
because I was on literally everything
like everyone was like talking about
this story but there were like I have
international oh yeah oh it was as I
said you know Times Washington
everything literally everything and but
then they were like doing headlines like
like Britain's best to to fight like
Isis and stuff like I'm like whoa why do
YouTube videos do you know I mean like
don't like don't take it there and and
also as well like one other thing I
wanted people to know is I'm not a
puppet I told the police I'm gonna say
whatever I want
you have no and and to be fair I'll be
honest with you they were they were
blessed they they said look Hamza it's
better you going in to like let's just
say a school that's majority like let's
just say 80% are Muslim it's better for
you to go and and say whatever you want
and feel knowing what I just yeah all we
want to do is just keep our community
safe if you can portray that in your
message you can say whatever you want
yeah but I'm not going to be equal to
puppet I don't want to be a propaganda
tool I don't want people to think that
I'm reading off a script yeah and they
understand that well are saying that I'm
gonna have more impact with the kids not
just because of the connection that
we're Muslim but also because they watch
my videos and they they know what I'm
about and you know some might see me as
a role model I don't know why but I'm
obviously you know I I respect that
responsibility and I try my best to you
know to do good like like those tours
and and and and they will have more
connection with what I'm saying it'll be
more impactful then if you know with all
due respect you know 50 60 year old you
know or middle-aged white police officer
you know that's coming in and speaking
to you know 500 kids that are majority
Muslim that you know talking about
radicalization and and all of that stuff
is it's not gonna it's gonna go in that
and it's not that when a police officer
sure yeah it's not as if what they're
saying is not valid is just that you
need a diversity of voices as well and
and that's that's the thing I think it
comes down to with diversity is
it just means that you know everyone
learns things in a different way if we
take it to that simple point
unfortunately no traditionally the
education system is like a
one-size-fits-all with like one textbook
everyone in the room has to learn it and
regurgitate it in a two-hour exam yeah
whereas actually different people take
messaging in different ways and so
having different types of voices who
come in because there'll be people that
you in that room that may have not or
you might have just got the ball rolling
in their mind and then they would have
gone on something else which has then
got them on the right path
but you're right it's about not being
preachy because people have to basically
come to their own conclusions or if you
just preached them and they just copy
and paste what you say into their heads
that's not learning crisco fool sort of
goes back to like what fundamentalism
can be which is just like you just
accept what you're told
yeah and I think that's the problem with
the media is for generations now it was
watch the six o'clock news okay I'm now
informed yeah and that's not the world
we live in now I mean I think the media
played it so wrong like I'm not saying
whatever I don't get too deep in what
their agendas are but they have to
realize that if you keep attacking a
certain group of people and you keep
poking at them or poking at them
eventually it doesn't matter who you are
you're gonna you're gonna play your back
you can't like you can't then complain
you have to help the problem not you had
fuel to the fire yes
you know and I think that's the problem
like I spoke to so many people like
young people who are Muslim at these
school events and they I mean the
stories that they were telling me I mean
like some people like they don't even
want to wear I have a bid because they
don't want to get stopped by the police
that and I'm not saying well police are
bad but I'm just saying that you know a
lot of them have experiences there
because they look like a Muslim now
they're gonna be kind of stereotype to
be a certain way true and they're going
to get stopped more and they're going to
be searched more and they're gonna be
picked on more and and then and you know
it's you know like I know girls who you
know they're ashamed to wear a scarf and
I'm like this you know a headscarf or so
that's such a shame like you know we're
in a country where anyone can wear
whatever they want you know they can
express themselves however they want
with them it's like tattoos or whether
it's like you know
dressing up in you know looking nice and
in a you know a bikini or whatever
wherever you wanna wear you can wear
whatever you want yeah but - you know -
just modestly you know and and you know
and and you know covering up you feel
that it's wrong because then people
gonna connect you to a certain type of
people and and that's wrong like you
want people as I said this is what stems
from from the from the style the podcast
is about trying to fit in and I think
that unfortunately Muslim people and the
media has a lot to play with it don't
feel like they fit in and I'm and I'm
drumming it into the media that look
guys you know like I mean now I don't
think it's like this was an issue like
four or five years ago that was it was
really bad now everything's quiet and
obviously there's still things that
happen here and there which are just
terrible but you know I think that from
like even because we we were real
fighting against you Hardy Brides so
what was happening was these young girls
it was this the three girls that yeah I
know it's happened on a few occasions
but it was three I can't remember from
its Lundy if the East London wasn't it
and and and basically they just got up
and left they just got up and left and
what was happening was these and to
Syria yep yes so these disgusting men
they would prey on young vulnerable
girls through social media and they
would to kind of manipulate them and
brainwash them into thinking that you
know for the net in the name of God you
know they should come to to to help
fight the war you know against the
non-believers
yeah whatever their America wherever
there he'll become a fighting at that
yeah and these young girls literally
left everything their homes their
families all right
I don't know exactly how it but they
were in I think it was it yet also wait
so they were teenagers yeah yeah and I
still way too young to make those kind
of decisions and they yeah they left
everything they I think I think there's
a way where they go to Turkey and then
from Turkey they can go to Syria of
course room and and yeah and and and
these girls what they do is when they
get there they'll realize straight away
that
what they were promised and what they
envisioned is not the reality of the
situation and they'll probably end up
marrying some you know really old guide
that they've never met before that's
like 3/4 times older than them and they
will become you know for a lot of these
cases six slaves you know and yeah that
was a big problem and you know I knew I
didn't know directly but I knew one of
the gills like one of her brothers and
onions it was it was kind of a moment
where that's kind of when that happened
all at the same time that's what made me
as women but that was me taking time out
of everything to do those school tours
that took so much of my time but I put
everything on hold and I said you have a
responsibility especially wouldn't it
happen I was like you know imagine how
many people are affected now how the mom
must be imagine having a daughter and
then one day you never see her again and
you know that she's in in a in a foreign
place halfway across the world being a
sex slave the free we don't know what I
think I think that this confirmation I I
don't know because I've quite yeah I
kind of like it is so weird but look
they're not I hope they will they're not
coming back and I think some recently
and that I've only heard whispers from
it so I haven't done my own research
yeah I think one of them is already dead
I think I'm not sure if it's it's not
but I knew well the fact of the matter
is you know these Joe Hardy Boys when
they'll go off they're not coming back
you can't just say oh this didn't really
work out let me just go back in and work
and work in prime our play it's not
that's it no you don't that's it because
the ball won't even late
yeah once you've made that decision
that's it and you know when when that
happened I knew that I had
responsibility and I need that you know
while I had this kind of social power I
need to react and do as much as I can to
make a difference because you know
you know as I said I have a
responsibility you know I feel like you
know whether you choose to live up to
the responsibility when you're in that
kind of position is up to you as an
individual but for me I knew I had to do
what I had to do because not many people
who are Muslim and in the industry were
kind of talking about these things and
it's not their fault as well like who
wants to talk about terrorism and
radicalization in Jihad Hebrides skills
a share of me I'm not a politician I'm
not you know I'm a comedian I make jokes
this is not my butt and it goes back to
what we were saying before on the one
hand you are more than a Muslim so you
don't want to go forward and say this is
what a Muslim really is but at the same
time if you don't do that you create a
vacuum where the media then says well
this is the imagery we have yeah these
are the stories that we have that we can
paint it and so it's kind of a you have
to yeah the label and that's why I did
it and you know and I have to give even
though I slammed the media a bit for you
know adding fuel to the fire but one
thing I'd say is they were very
supportive of my work they were like oh
yet finally and and you know they you
know I really appreciated the fact that
they were writing good things you know
not just because of me but because of
what it would do you know like and and
what message we're kind of you know
trying to portray and and and put out
there but the fact is I worked my ass
off for a year and a half it was the
hardest thing I've ever done in my life
yeah I like you know four shows a day I
remember I did four shows in a row an
hour each row I didn't have a break the
only break I had is when 500 kids would
leave right you the other 500 kids you
come in in those two minutes I would
have a sip of water and I did that four
in a row
yeah then I had lunch and I had two more
shows right and that's when I was like
I'm actually killing myself but about a
year especially if you wanna it's come
across organic and free-flowing and you
are doing the same structure yeah I
honestly there was points where I
literally far-out collapsed like I was
going maybe it was because it was a bit
more personal I was really trying to I
just need the kind of I just felt those
weight on my shoulders I was like I have
to do it yeah and I wanted to as well
but then about a year ago I was invited
to Scotland Yard and they they presented
me with an award was not well not
awarded with just a cheap piece of paper
but took it cuz I should be anyway just
a piece of a part it's frame now you
framed it I don't know where it is but
there's the point of the matter is I
really appreciate and know but one thing
that I remember one of my friends who
who works with the police he basically
said that the number of young girls
they're going off to Syria and in
becoming now jihadi Brides now it's
practically zero now I'm not saying
course that's because of me and I told
you the petrol station incident I would
change the word it was nothing like that
but one thing I know even if I had one
percent do with that statistic just one
percent knowing that I probably changed
definitely now I definitely change one
life you know I saved maybe one life
those hundred and thirty shows us that
those you know countless times where I
thought I was gonna die on stage if I
have saved one person no matter how much
fame or money or power you get there's
no bigger satisfaction of knowing that
I've done something good you and I was
part of the solution exactly so that was
what what was kind of great about the
whole the whole situation and see as I
said now as much as I can if I can
represent my community not just as a
Muslim not just an Asian but as a
British it isn't I'll always like do my
part you know and that's not me being
cheesy like Yogi is one of my closest
mates he knows that you know I I'm I'm I
am doing this because I know that you
know I'd be blessed with this platform
and and and you know being kind of in
the limelight and while I'm in the
limelight it's best to entertain and
make people laugh but if I could do a
bit of good as well that's amazing
absolutely men and you know I've said it
before but like it's really appreciative
of what you do and like congrats with
those successes and it's good that
you've been able to continue making
content like following that because
sometimes you might think
if you go and do that for a year yeah so
you take a break is that now because
it's not to say that you wouldn't mind
doing that still but sometimes when you
go down a route in life you always
worried is there actually am I gonna be
able to pick up from where I live so
when you do videos now what what has
changed with your videos pre doing that
tool and afterwards is there anything so
see I know you want to say I've kept my
integrity nothing's changed it hasn't
changed me yeah there must have been
some things that fundamentally that you
may even if it's not what the product is
but just the way that you approach it
you know to be honest I think the one
thing that's changed like I was always
passionate about helping others but when
I literally went out of my way and did
something that I knew that I was
literally 100 percent being selfless and
not sorry not thinking not being selfish
and and and I'm thinking this is about
me but actually going out of your way
fully to make a difference to make a
change and then seeing the positive
outcome from it that made me now with my
work always think that whatever I do and
obviously I'm a comedian but obviously I
love to create like right now where I'm
for for the creates for change where
right now we're working on our project
is about a toxic masculinity right yeah
and and last year when I did it because
when the ambassadorship happened I was
like one of the first so and on that
time I had to do four videos I did one
about bullying right one about a mental
health one about Islamophobia and one
about knife crime because basically my
cousin got stabbed like four times and
both of his lungs got punctured and he
named yeah it was like a gangrene there
was actually no room you know where
Stephen Lawrence it was literally like
two minutes from there it was one of the
craziest experience ever and I just kind
of retold the story and but yeah that's
another story but I'm worried about yeah
yeah when we when we did those kind of
videos I'll just I use the bullying one
as that was my like my first video that
came out for the creators for change
when I did that and obviously after I
did all the tools I realized the impact
that I was making and when I put that
bullying video out I remember I remember
going through my comments now I don't I
don't like I don't know about you I
don't like going for my comments very
much unless I know that okay because you
know you'll get like a hundred really
nice ones and then your fix
one will be like are you you're looking
really fat or oh you got dry skin on
your top hi oh right eyebrows like
another sure you know like he's right
dime I'm a bad person
like you can get to you but I remember
going through that till 5:00 in the
morning because there's like thousands
of comments and I swear to you every and
I'm not I'm not a really an emotional
person I know I think emotion I'm an
emotionally intelligent I think you know
I feel that I kind of I kind of control
my emotions very well and but not body
inside but like keep it you know
controlled I was so I was getting really
emotional because I realized how many
people this is helping so I think that
the more things I do of this the more
benefits I see and the more hungry I
become to you know to do more videos
that can help anyone in Scituate like
literally I've got so like I'll tell you
this one quick story as an example and
this is not even about the tools it's
just my work in general culture Diary of
a bad man I always had a message at the
end I remember I was in Birmingham a
lovely place and I was we were in a
rocking range and had security and they
were like let's get ice cream and they
leave me so I'm thinking I need to like
suck these guys because they they've
left me for ice cream and Birmingham
yeah so they say I was fine you know I
grew up in Stram what's the worst can
happen next minute I know I see this guy
and he he looked scary yeah and I don't
even get intimidated much yeah but he
looked like he was trouble like you
could just sense you could just tell I
just saw just he had this aura and he
came up to me and I was like well you
know this is the end I guess what
just smile when you know and he goes
yeah you you'll die a bad man in it and
I'm like well that's not my mom named me
my name is Hamza but yeah you can call
me Bob you can call me whatever you want
but yeah and I just said he asked me and
he was like yeah like I I watched your
videos boy and I have to say something
like it changed my life now I'm thinking
like I think he just wants a selfie and
he just you know guessing the thing so I
feel really good and comply with his
selfie
yeah that's why for so he took a selfie
and then he goes yeah you know your
video has changed my life and I really
as a how how did it change your life and
I'll just do the short version he used
to be in a gang he did some terrible
things
he got kicked out I think he lives with
his just with his mom and she's like
single mom she basically disowned him
because he was literally going off the
rails and I made this video we're in
dire bad man nothing is like to point
once was like this the first episode of
the second season that episode he said
he got to me so much
I left the gang I went back to my mom I
begged for forgiveness she's accepted me
and I'm sighs mad and now he's on his
second year studying law that that's mad
like do you know me that's that's pretty
crazy and that's just one story you know
I've got like at least at least a few
hundred nice that and those are the toad
stories yeah and and yeah and I so I
think that you know with doing these
kind of things and you know being part
for the creators for change and and
being able to be an ambassador and
create content like that you know is is
truly amazing and I think since the
tools and since the first you know group
of videos I've done like I just feel
like more more inspired and more
motivated to make like I always want to
make people laugh that's my forte that's
like why I believe I'm okay yeah uh
but if it has a nice message at the end
that's that's really good man that's
like that's what kind of I think I'm
more like now driven to kind of make
that kind of content and that the one
that I'm doing now I wonder think I'm
gonna short-films good boys don't cry I
think that's what we're gonna call it so
that's it's just one short film and it's
just about toxic masculinity about the
fact that you know I feel like we we
grew up you know having that perception
that men you know like you know I don't
know if my mom was like oh boys don't
cry you know like you know don't be a
girl you know the sex is from her you
know like you know like it's wrong for a
guy to to feel a certain way and like
when I was doing the bullying video I
was researching and I don't know if the
stats are the same now but I was
basically around the fact that is that
seventy five seventy percent of of
people that commit suicide are men and
not only that but I think suicide in I
think the UK and it might be different
now but I remember reading something
like suicide in the UK is the biggest
killer for men under 40 yeah and and I
and I and I realized that maybe that's
because as men we are kind of like
brought up in a certain way that we feel
that we have to be a certain way and we
feel like we maybe not be able to like
you know turn to your mate and say I'm
feeling really depressed I'm feeling
down maybe it might be about being
heartbroken yeah and you know like you
know I I've even had heartbreak that's
really changed in my life but do I tell
my friends no because I don't want them
to think that I'm a you know I mean you
know it goes back to what we were
talking about right to start about again
static senses of being whether it's
where you live
terms of what gender you are and like
what your role is because my parents
were fortunately very like open and
weren't very judgmental that's really
good I mean one example I tell and my
brothers because they forgive me brother
he hasn't got choice now it's I'm going
to tell it and when my little brother
was born my parents were worried that I
was gonna feel like neglected yes they
bought me a little
baby to look after yeah and a little
pram and I didn't use it and my brother
then started looking after it and so
we'd walk down the street and there's my
brother with I think he like a pink pram
and like that and my parents just think
eggs they were likes what he wants to do
yeah there's nothing like that and I I
look in hindsight it was only in the
last couple years I'd really thought how
much respects I had for that but when it
when it comes to toxic masculinity I
think the people that push back are
worried that what we're saying is
masculinity is toxic which is not what
we're saying yeah
always saying is there are toxic element
yes that we need to talk about and like
all these other elements of life of
being a certain way for lawyer there are
people that think this is the way is to
be a man
yeah and now that's being challenged
it's like so where is my place once more
and so it is a pain thing and I think
about when I was especially at secondary
school I didn't feel like a lad yeah
again I'm gonna in a weird way by not
being a stereotype I feel like I am
stereotyping but like I wasn't that into
sports yeah I wasn't particularly as a
boisterous the word um but I just I
didn't really fit in in that way and it
makes me think about like the way that
we need to sort of talk about these
things because the truth is although we
kind of know the direction of travel
we're still trying to work out what the
best way of dealing with these things
are because as we start tweaking society
yeah and having conversations new
problems are gonna arise yeah and we
might make mistakes along the way and
cause more harm than good but we should
at least try and I think that's sort of
the big the big the big push we should
be doing yeah that's awesome man well
listen thank you so so much for coming
down I think you know what I've actually
I've never done like a proper podcast
this was so much fun right
you just talk and people are gonna
listen Darrien and the thing I know is
the not mention it beforehand is kind of
the first 10-15 minutes feels like it is
when you get asked questions you have
sort of in mind what an answer will be
but then it just opens up but like
actually ironically based on a lot of
stuff we're talking about new ones and
sort of you know being forgiving and
realizing people have imperfections this
format kind of allows for us having
those stories and realizing that we have
all the time in the world to explain
ourselves
because when you do a video 5 minutes
long you'll make some points and this on
in the comments will go oh but what
about this and they may have
misconstrued you or you want to respond
but then there's a massive chain of
comments and it's like no no no I didn't
mean yeah yeah of course they're gonna
be people that might pick on something
that we say this video but I think the
very nature of just having long
conversations
it just humanizes the whole thing to
realize that we just have ideas we
discuss it and we're willing to learn
off each other I think that's a great
way to sum it up really and I think I
mean we're creating history like people
will you know the way we're evolving
people will watch this and whether it'll
be a few years five years ten years
tomorrow and and and and and we are
creating history and we're like
basically just talking about our stories
our mindset yeah for for now and the
present and and and yeah and hopefully
we can yeah do this again because this
was super fun man and that's what and
that's why I've called it the quest for
global empathy because it's this idea of
empathy is all about shared experience
and it's that no one has all the answers
no one even has all the questions and so
all we can do is just bounce off each
other and you and I will definitely come
away with some stuff we didn't think
about before I don't see yeah the dogs
on the bridge 649 people took their dog
to a bridge and the dog guys I'm not
gonna be like well it's not gonna happen
again I hope no one listen this podcast
is gonna go yeah no no no we do not
condone that no no watch the video don't
yeah yeah yeah absolutely but thank you
so much John for coming down and I'm
really glad we got chatting through
crates of change because it's been a
great initiative and good luck with all
your future projects thank you for
having me man appreciate is the love man
love
