hey everyone hope all is well I am
Rebecca black and today I'm gonna tell
you how to write lyrics sure ho you know
I wrote those lyrics
what for duck no not now mr. duck you
have your turn making a vlog soon all
right now how'd you get up there anyway
I've got a killer idea for a new song
right that's enough you two yeah hey
everyone I'm Miles Dyer and this is how
you can write lyrics
so last year I recorded drums for the
debut album of my band schemata theory
since then we've been looking for a
vocalist and this seemed like the
perfect opportunity for me to finally
put my thoughts to music step 1 capture
inspiration in the moment I personally
believe you can write the best lyrics
when you're trying to communicate
something you truly care about you never
know when inspiration or an idea is
going to come your way so always be
prepared whether you have paper or a
phone just make sure you have some way
of recording your ideas step 2 create a
concept collage what is a concept
collage well for me it's like a
brainstorming exercise to group ideas
together and come up with particular
concepts which could make good songs you
may want to use post-it notes on a wool
or even write on a piece of paper but
something I use is called Prezi which is
a free program available online you can
see that I've got a different bubble for
every song on our album it's effectively
creating a realm of feeling you put
images which really capture what you're
trying to communicate and all the issues
that you'd like your lyrics to talk
about and then even have a track name it
doesn't have to be something you have to
keep but just something worth having in
the meanwhile until you have developed
the lyrics more step 3 lyric vomit
probably not the most glamorous way of
wording it all you need to do is sit
down with some means of writing and
listen to all your music from start to
finish and this is effectively step 2
but with words they don't have to be
poetic or rhyme but if something comes
to mind write it down and taking the
song I showed in step 2 houston we have
a problem I've written down some themes
which is about awakening to frustration
confusion anger craving solution and
then I've just written some random lyric
ideas anything from frustration
destruction it's clear that we have
lived beyond our means
turn a blind eye no longer we must wake
up live together die alone and houston
we have a problem so nothing that really
goes together that well but at a later
stage it should become something decent
hopefully step 4 freestyle pretty
self-explanatory and hey who said it has
to always be in rap will you ignore the
water
yeah probably put that in context
are these lyrics boring put the music on
and sing along or scream if you're me
well it doesn't matter if you don't
construct coherent sentences or words
this is just an opportunity to work out
different melodies and rhythms with the
music you are listening to step 5
bring it together this is effectively
your first draft take the freestyle
recording you have take your lyric vomit
page and take the concept collage you
have and write lyrics
from beginning to end and finally step 6
record another demo take the lyrics you
have written and go through the whole
song and then see how it sounds
afterwards Yahweh ah ha ha it was only a
matter of time what did joe xbox i'll
tell you our god you can also go back
over all the other steps in any order
and as many times as you want until
you're able to develop lyrics you're
truly happy with and that's my friends
is how you can write lyrics a da's til
next time
ok mr. duck it's his turn
