hey everyone when I was on my realizing
empathize UK lecture hall one of the big
issues I brought up was that of
selfishness and selflessness because the
conclusion I've come up with the past
five years of doing what I do on YouTube
I realized that it's so easy to box
people into one or two categories one of
to enter the spectrum of integrity
however they do something as an act of
self-interest or they do it out of
complete selflessness and the point that
I've always believed and try to express
is you know that it can be both so for
example let's take stick hate the annual
24-hour non-stop live show I host to
raise money for the children's charity
UNICEF the reason the model works in my
opinion is because it allows people from
all walks of life to do what they
normally do and without needing to
compromise themselves and have a good
time whilst helping people around the
world that don't have the necessities of
life don't have a voice and need our
help so you could be a chef a video
blogger musician and artist all these
sort of things it doesn't matter what
your passions are you can do it in the
context charity and make a huge
difference so when people are doing
charitable things when celebrities are
doing them when anyone does something
that is charitable it's very easy to
make assumptions on what their what
their reasoning behind it is either
they're doing it because it makes them
feel better perhaps they're doing it
because they'll get exposure from doing
something charitable all these sort of
notions and all perhaps they are just
being completely selfless I don't agree
with any of these positions really I
don't agree with them in exclusive forms
because sure if you do sound charitable
if you help other people you feel good
about it there is nothing wrong with
that at all and if you can do something
you normally enjoy and you get pleasure
out of it whilst helping other people
surely that is a great thing so the
point of this video really
it's just a short one is to say that
there there is no one or the other every
action in life I think can have both and
so what I ask you to do is to just think
about what you enjoy doing in life and
if you think oh it's all about your own
self-interest think about well how can I
also make it an act of selflessness as
well how can I do what I normally do
whilst helping other people and if you
are ever doing selfless acts think about
how can you get some enjoyment out of it
I assume though with most selfless
actually do get something positive from
it no I if we didn't get something
positive from it we wouldn't really be
motivated to do it and so yeah I just
find it interesting or I've been someone
who's been challenged again and again
over the past five years on YouTube for
my integrity why am i doing it am i
doing just decade to make myself feel
better or just to get popular all this
these sort of things and for me it's
it's not an issue you know because
either way I'm going to keep doing it
either way whatever you do it like you
want to keep doing but if it's a choice
between doing what you enjoy and helping
other people surely that should be
celebrated and promoted as opposed to
enjoying yourself by punching someone in
the face you know I mean as long as you
do what you do and don't have a negative
impact on other people's lives and for
me that is the real ethos of how I like
to live my life you know that treat
others as you'd like to be treated
because in that sense you may go oh so
you're saying you should only treat
people because you're thinking about how
you'd like to be treated you know and
then that's a rhetoric that's used in
many different religions and that's
exactly my point it's not selfish it's
not selfless it can be both um what
words we give that I'm sure you can come
up with some suggestions of your own and
that's all I had to say today so thank
you and I look forward to hearing your
thoughts okay so next time
