hi my name is miles Dyer I'm 25 years
old from London England and I have a
plan on how I believe we can bring the
world together it's called the universal
solutions project I have lived and
breathed online community since YouTube
began helping people realize their
potential to help society regardless of
their geographical location their
experiences or their passions using the
internet and video blogging as a
platform I've reached out to different
establishments in an attempt to help
them evolve from their traditional
frameworks in which they're stuck this
includes charities education governments
miles you're raising some very big
points about our civil liberties
mainstream media health care and
activism there for the first half of my
talk we'll be exploring these areas all
these experiences I had the past five
years have shaped me as the person I am
today and as a result inspired me to
create the universal solutions project I
will explain in the second half of my
talk how this functions as a tool for
education and awareness which can help
create a global empathic society TED
Talks would be such an incredible
opportunity for me to inspire people
that really want to make a difference in
this world
but perhaps do not yet realize the
methods in which they could achieve
their goals and why am I doing this the
world is becoming an increasingly scary
place and with the tools for social
change right there in front of us we
must act in unity before it's too late
