hey everyone I don't really know how to
start this video I guess I could quickly
mention what this video originally was
going to be about which is
procrastination I had a very severe case
of it the past seven years because seven
years ago I completed site called the
Duke of Edinburgh gold award which is
where you got an expedition you do
physical training some sports activities
you do volunteering work and it's over a
two-year period and in then you learn a
skill for me it was learning to drum and
all I had to do was send off the booklet
to get invited to the palace and be
presented with the award I've had it on
to do lists I've had it on my wall and
my dad has said just get it done all I
had to do was send it off and seven
years later um three days before the
deadline which is when he turned 25 i
turn 25 tomorrow I received free the
post dear miles I'm very pleased to
inform you that i received confirmation
of your gold award from the regional
officer many congratulations so I've
done it and I was just going to ask if
other people suffer of procrastination
because it's quite common but seven
years is quite extreme they yeah I got
it done so yay for me and I turned 25
tomorrow which is a big deal because 25
is a quarter of a century had to think
about it and I didn't I'm in a very
emotional state of mind because I'm this
morning a very close person in my life
passed away and it's been quite
difficult to deal with and they were
only just twice my age which for me is a
very young age too dire I lost my best
friend at 16 so obviously that is an
extreme version of you know what it is
to die young death is just it's a
certainty in life yet it's something
that is is so hard to deal with because
it's that that final goodbye and
sometimes you don't get to say
final goodbye it could be coming out of
the blue sometimes it's expected and
then it's the knowing that eventually it
will come about there's no ideal
situation for death really I live with
rare circumstances like euthanasia but
even in those cases it would be more
ideal to just have a good quality of
life and there's been a lot of things I
want to do videos about recently I've
organized a UK lecture tool that I'm
doing I'm actually taking a week out of
the last week holiday I have from the
year from work because it resets on
April it's not from this year because I
be a bit scary if I used all my vacation
before the end of februari and it's a my
talks about empathy and using the
internet to connect people around the
world it's something that I've talked
about on my videos for the past five
years and empathy for me is the key
aspect of how we bring the world
together because empathy on a biological
level is mirror neurons that are inside
us it's the fact that we can look at
another human being or an animal another
living organism and when we see them in
pain we relate to it we we compare it to
our own to our own experiences and
therefore you know it's not that when
you grow up in life and you have a blank
slate it's not that you have to go oh I
have to experience everything first to
learn from it which is ridiculous
because it's like saying if you jump off
a building there's 10 stories high
you're gonna die you know you don't need
to know you don't need to do that
yourself to know the outcome and so
empathy is a great thing and I think
empathy really explains that the the
moral complexes we have in terms of
treat others as you'd like to be treated
there are people that arguing religion
that morality only exists because of
religion I'm not here to have a debate
about that all I will say is that you
know if we didn't have
an inner morality of looking out for
each other and having empathy we
wouldn't be about as a species today but
that depends if you believe how long
we've been on the planet for and who our
Creator is again I don't want to get
into it the reason I do want to talk
about empathy though is because who I
lost today I I had some really good
chats the past few months they were
someone who really believed in what I
stood for I could be eye-opening and I
just openly explained what I want to
achieve in life oh I care about in life
is people making other people happy and
solving the injustice as's in justices
that are in the world um and how does
this relate to empathy well life's too
sure that in itself is a lesson things
can go you just so so quickly and we
take life for granted and there is a
good reason for taking life for granted
because if we were worried about life
being too short every single second we
wouldn't live our lives in the same way
I guess because we'd be just constantly
worried it's good to be able to switch
off and just get on and live life at a
pace where you're not trying to do
everything at once you know it's good to
have an expectation that you will live a
long time but at the same time there's
an it you know there are extremes on
both sides of the spectrum if you were
to worry all the time you would be
rushing around trying to do everything
going skydiving every day it's a to put
it as a joke but then the other
extremity is you become so removed from
the reality that life is so short that
you just don't care anymore but it you
just don't appreciate life you you don't
appreciate freedom you don't appreciate
the well-being of your fellow human
beings and I get criticized a lot by
quite a lot of
I say friends people that I used to be
friends if I guess I've lost a lot of
friends over the years when they realize
I'd na the thing I've that's happened
with me over the years is I make good
friends of people because they find
something about me that they like and
then they realize i'm a very intense
person and that actually when they had a
conversation with me and i explained how
i care about the world it wasn't just a
conversation i actually said it with
conviction and I spend most of my free
time you know trying to deal with it and
you know people don't get not frustrated
me that they think that I'm just bitter
or that I'm taking life too seriously or
I need to lighten up when you know I
post articles about in justices says
that that work I'm not going to say that
word again but the reality is we need to
be aware because fee for mankind to
unite to put aside the fact that
countries are just lines in the sand the
fact that you know our nationalities and
the flags we waive all burn in some
cases is is a is a form of racism you
know we're showing divisions you know
it's good to have culture I'm not
denying it but nationalities and you
know you could look at the global crisis
of economies trying to survive when
they've getting bailed out in the
eurozone it's all about you know your
leaders of your country going to these
EU meetings to defend your own national
interest when it shouldn't be about
national interest it has to be because
it's the traditional way but it should
be a human interest and I know there's
no real point to this and I was mainly
going to talk about the fact of death
but it was it's more about the lesson of
death because the reason I brought up
empathy was because I explained how
empathy allows us to learn lessons from
other people's experiences from what we
see around us and I guess by doing this
video
the pain that I'm feeling and expressing
right now about my lost today maybe just
a little nudge or a reminder that we do
have to not take life for granted and
that life can be too sure and turning 25
tomorrow am I looking forward to it's a
neutral thing really it worries me and
it worries me because I have such big
ideas that i want to put into practice i
have these huge concepts I mean stick
aids one that's done well over the past
five years but that's very limited and
it's just about finding people that can
help me make a vision possible but we
get so distracted by the television by
gaming by just entertainment you know
buy a cheap offer down the local pub and
nightclub or all these sort of things we
get exhausted at work trying to make a
living so we can survive and then we
switch off in the evening you know I
talked about mainstream media before and
a lot of people go oh yeah miles you go
on about people should be their own
journalists but when i get home from
work I'm exhausted and I don't want to I
just want to turn something on and just
veg out that's fine but it doesn't make
it right we we need to make the effort
because it will be hard and who I lost
today in the conversations I had and how
he said he believed in what I did and
that it just opened my eyes and like I
did in my video about recapping last
year it's the fact that I've got to take
care of my body and I have been doing it
I've got to take care of my mind as well
and and it's just let's say well I'm not
that I believe it to be the case the
world or the you know the universe has
been around for billions and billions of
years isn't it amazing that we're just
like a pinpoint in the ocean you know up
to eighty a hundred years if we're lucky
and it's just make sure you question it
makes you look at the bigger picture and
unfortunately it takes
sometimes death from someone close to
you to really affect you because
obviously if we were affected by every
death on the planet we wouldn't cope we
would suffocate in complete despair I
felt like I de decent point to make you
this video but I think I just wanted to
get it off my chest and I'm sorting out
my UK tour and I'm speaking at Z day and
the zeitgeist movement does a thing
every year which is a great and they get
academics from all over the world to
speak about ways in which we can bring
the world together and I've been given a
slot on that so i'll be giving details
about it very very soon follow me on
twitter you can contact me on my
personal facebook now you can subscribe
to that and i will be doing more videos
more often I don't know I just felt
going into this video I had a lot more
to say I probably have said it it's just
some very numb right now and I guess it
just feels good to talk about it but who
I lost meant so much to me and I think
it always hurts when it's someone that
you really relate to and I think to have
your life taken so short is a tragedy
but that's the tragic beauty about life
I guess because when speaking to another
close relative of mine about this before
I did this video and she was getting
upset I said it's good to get upset
because if we didn't get upset if we
didn't worry if we didn't get emotional
when people die then what would we be
you know the fact that we feel emotion
the fact that we feel pain I was
reminded of how I'm never balance time
I've already happy already sad I'd much
rather live this way
it means I'm alive to be alive is to
feel is to go for it peaks and troughs
because if you're never happy how would
you ever know what's sad is although
that's probably not a good example what
I mean is happiness and sadness is
relative and for me I know I'm going to
be okay with dealing with this I know
that my rationale is time only goes in
one direction sarnies past is not going
to be coming back so you have to move
with the memories the legacy and you
have to be supportive with those that
are still around and it's just about
game with the motions or it's about
going with the emotions so yeah I just
want to throw out there and I've done a
long video like this in a long while um
I just care so much and I think getting
the acknowledgement I did from this
person I it just makes me feel stronger
and want to strive and keep going and me
doing this video isn't not to put myself
on a pedestal or to say I Lee look at me
I'm dealing with death we all deal with
death it's just my thoughts with
youtubers it's a great way of directly
connecting people all you people they're
going to be commenting you'd be having
discussions against one another people
geographically isolated around the world
and that's the beauty of the Internet
and the biggest challenge we're now
going to see in our lifetime and this is
why I'm excited and a bit scared is we
have traditions you know religion
government the education system health
care energy usage the traditions that
have been with us for such long times
and they're being challenged now because
the Internet is tearing down the
international borders it's making people
all around the world declare that we
want human rights we all want to be
treated equal
Lee we want everyone to have access to
the world's resources we want to live a
more sustainable lifestyle and that's
the challenge and we only have one life
on this planet and you'll spend it
watching TV or watching dogs on
skateboards something that's good to do
that every once in a while but every
time you do something ask yourself are
you really doing st. worthwhile are you
gonna look back in and feel that that
was time well spent and it doesn't mean
you can't switch off you definitely
should switch off I've tried to do a bit
at gaming recently but at the same time
just think how great would it be if you
look back and you realized you helped
shape shape the future and the powers in
our hands now it's no longer about the
elite it's about the people with access
to the internet and it's why I've I'm
paying for I'm out of my money I'm
paying to go around the UK and talk at
schools etc and if there's anyone who
would like me to speak your score
anything and do get in contact through
my email it's on my channel and let's
organize this because I have faith and I
think that people that aren't immersed
in empathy people who are switched off
they're not to blame they just haven't
had that flame inside him lit up and it
definitely happened to me a very long
time ago and I guess it's why I do my
videos because I know there's that
moment where yes I get it now and it's a
video I want to do ages ago but I can
never put it right I see it in their
eyes and I every time I have
conversations with strangers I always
tiptoe carefully and then I bring up
what I want to talk about and you see in
their eyes once they realize it's the
most empowering thing ever because with
empathy we're all connected now we're
not tribes that you know it's just us
and in other tribes that were unsure
about it's not now about religions and
those other religions I mean that does
still exist today and it shouldn't be
about nationalities it shouldn't be
about our country in their country it
should be about the human race
verse real enemies such as illness
cancer heart disease famine drought all
these things those are the real enemies
and those are problems that as a human
race we can deal with and we shouldn't
be fine each other because we're all
from the same family and after than
these I got today it's just another
spark just another reminder that life is
too short we just got to make the most
of it to the people that's still about
and for the future because I don't said
before for me the meaning of life is to
create legacy whether it's to have
children weather is to educate people
whether it's to build a structure like a
hospital business wherever it's to plant
a tree so someone can enjoy the shade
which you won't be able to do that was a
really butchered up version of the
metaphor and I'm gonna stop talking now
um but yeah I love you all and I feel a
weight was lifted off my shoulder so I'm
a dios the next time and hopefully be
doing small video sink bang
