hi everyone I am standing outside the
Prince Charles cinema in Leicester
Square and let me tell you something
when you receive an email message in
which you find out Tommy was or the
creator of the room that genius has seen
your YouTube channel and wants you to do
an interview for it I just had to do it
okay it's Tommy and Greg I was gonna go
hey thanks for your time
first question you've been in the UK
before but not for the room what are
your expectations really different fans
maybe or I got into me out of any opener
I think they're the British audience has
been really great they're really clever
you know their questions and the stuff
they yell out of the screen so it's been
it's been a lot of fun
yeah and what do you think something
IIIi think is spectacular we have a lot
fencing in UK and I'm just overwhelming
actually it's great energy as well as
they like it the room that's if I don't
mind I mean some international appeal
right exactly
it'll be prepared for the coat we always
snowing heavy this morning yeah no
problem I like snow actually I did
yes it's not snow actually I was playing
football yesterday will fans on the room
right on the snow yeah yeah can I have a
dozen red roses please oh hi Johnny I
didn't know what you here you go that's
me
how much is it it'll be $18 go keep the
change
hi doggy you're my favorite customer
thanks a lot bye bye bye when it came to
the room I mean what are your favourite
movies and I'll ask Tommy first and
where any of them are in influence for
this film in particular why I guess you
didn't either you do your research first
of all influence myself
that's number one what of the kind
because you know you guys very kind to
me and there'll be a lot of people might
shadow is not scenery yet yeah no
problem hope they don't see it is
to them but I card you by the way I will
say it you can laugh you can cry can
express yourself uh please don't hurt
each other if you see the room respond
to your question
well for example Citizen Kane yes
awesome Wells Giants I always say see
the UH for the movie with Elizabeth
Taylor at the title yes
well Patra a company la pocha to Lisa
yeah you may laugh you may laugh but
anchor I suggest that Oh Greg you when I
taste is a little different I'm kind of
more up there like Star Wars back haha
wasn't that my sleep isn't it sure that
we should have used the force in one of
those fights that would have in the
party put it well let me say this or I
never compare to you know like I created
the room you know I like my own creation
yeah showing but it's not a right to
compare do research you know so we all
try to influence some stuff again I give
a sign I see what I'm saying
tell me Florence mean okay I influence
myself that's the battle why I hear ya I
got you okay thank you
you can love someone deep inside your
heart and very stuff along with it if a
lot of people love each other the world
would be a better place to live so my
channel which is going on YouTube I do
videos where I try and bring the world
together and inspire people to share the
love basically and I know that's kind of
the ethos with your movie is about
bringing people together to have a good
time I just didn't know if you want to
talk a bit more about that and oh yeah
well you know what is our regular story
is that the room actually connects
people very much saw internationally
right now we screamed the room as you
know UK UK was actually a second country
in a world the first was Canada UK
Australia New Zealand
Denmark and other countries County so
I'm very happy that actually people find
a way because you see by design the room
is American made
you know we design you know from
football free feet away etc etc from
spoon etc etc you know
so again you know I'm thrilled to say
that we are connecting through the room
somewhat yeah and that's the beef the
Internet as well right absolutely
do you guys want to play some football
no you gotta be kidding come on mark
let's do it I'm up for it
Johnny ask Peter come on Peter
please Greg you were usually seen
carrying an American football yeah do
you have it about you know what I don't
have an army here but I might have
always played football and it's you know
when I favorite sport so I went when did
she land in London two days ago did you
see the Super Bowl I do I did see this
yeah yeah yeah yeah cuz great I mean I'm
yet to understand American football
differ I'll actually love soccer also
but yeah well that's what you have
actually people confused as you probably
know the football American food was two
different the soccer it's such a but
eventually people learn yeah exactly
what is the difference I did not hit her
it's not true
it's I did not hit her I did
not
oh hi mark what is the future of the
ream I mean there was talks of it could
be translated to a musical is could that
ever whoa well I guess I have to correct
you over your research because we
actually put on this stage you want to
talk I think the musical what a musical
similar one stage the musical we talked
about the Broadway show but we already
did show on the stage right which is you
know we don't call for set musical on
Broadway we are working on it but we
actually first performance we had and at
AFI in September last year on this stage
entire show that goes part of it and
people really enjoy it that's cool so so
basically this is my first step and then
we are preparing for Broadway and we'll
be on Broadway
haha maybe in London too yeah you're in
the area here anyway
have a by design again you know I just I
wanted to sing for Molly of yours it's
supposed to be a flight first yes and
then I you know I said wait a minute do
you know what number of people go to
plane in America I mean the theater is
much less than number of people go to
see movies etc etc yeah so I change it
to scrip you know is we can talk about
two hours but we don't have time right
now I understand okay cool you got me
partly job what would it take for a
sequel to come out or a prequel could
that ever want I'll say I'm actually
working on a book about my experience
making the room so that might be a
pretty good pretty cool right there yeah
that'd be pretty sweet
and finally respond okay go for it
unless you're into you don't want me to
response no no no this woman if you do
know we actually working on the blu-ray
so we'll be releasing March April and
then we were working in the 3d Friday so
yes absolutely we are doing and so as a
for the employees yes yeah you may catch
it but you never know I love that and
then you know we have Audra project you
know working the neighbors etc etc and
then we you think about maybe doing
again there may be prequel sequel River
you know but right now you know that's
that's that's the idea what we have you
know we're doing her intensively worked
like Norway right now brilliant yes
I can't confront her I want to give a
second chance after all she's my future
wife you know what they say love is
blind so I'm finally for anyone who's
not seen the movie yet in one sentence
each could you both explain why people
should come down to London or then there
is cinema to watch it or buy the DVD
even I think probably because I'd say
the room is exceeds a movie I think it's
more of an
that'll leave you so really excited
brilliant and I would say choose better
than three free scrub of is this is
lines from the room and also you can
express yourself and but I encourage
people actually seen this theater
environment and also by DVD view one is
up to you but see with your friends you
know it's a process of learning about
relationships that's big and also the
room is like sort of red flag you know
don't do certain stuff right cause you
may hurt yourself or vice versa
you may hurt somebody etc yeah so I
encourage you see in this key in the
realm and UK or any country in the world
thank you very much oh thank you what's
again so thank you no sorry I appreciate
it I'm sure
Chiz
the time you should start selling these
well yeah we'll be doing my first
customer because I was good yeah
