over Christmas my parents visited from
Boston and as a gift they bought me some
gloves but these are no ordinary pair
special with their Tron matrix Potter
Time Lord technology they allow me to
strike my miniature telephone edition of
the ipad was keeping my hands warm and
that great creepy yeah I thought they
were pretty awesome gift so I showed
into my friends and one of them said ah
those are so cool yeah I saw them the
other day in a petrol station gas
station if you're American if there was
ever to be a cliche of where to buy a
last-minute gift it would be nevermind I
mean it's the thought that counts right
not the location or convenience of
purchase anyway with it been a new year
I thought it was time to break the cycle
with my bad eating and exercise habits
and so far it's going pretty good but I
am by no means an expert at this I
didn't do any research and I didn't ask
for any advice I wonder if you could
tell me what your healthiest option is
so I thought I'd explain what I've been
up to and if you have any suggestions or
would like to give me a rating out of 10
please leave fri on my way i guess i
should begin with a perspective of how I
was before I rarely exercised I eat
vegetables most days but I rarely eat
fruit although I don't smoke and rarely
drink my disposable income does go on
food because I just love it so I went
straight into drastically changing my
eating habits on a Monday I thought with
the work week being a routine it would
make it easier to adapt and eating
routine to it as well I've never been
much of a breakfast person but now I
start the day eating an apple hmm I know
I'm such a show-off right now I've got a
guy finishes it takes me an hour and a
half to get to work so by then I've
developed quite an appetite opposite my
office is a place called jumbo eats and
if you're ever in Piccadilly Circus in
central London i highly recommend you go
there there i get a toasted white roll
with scrambled egg cream cheese and
salmon question i know it's probably not
that healthy but is it that bad for you
however i do plan to start running every
other morning so perhaps if I treat
myself to such a sandwich on those
mornings it would be all right yeah
what's that you noticed the keyword
pleione yeah yeah you got me well I do
want to run regularly but since starting
my drastic change in diet I became quite
ill I think the medical term is this
detox totally kicked my ass however if
there any doctors watching who could
clarify that for me greatly appreciated
so yeah my plan was get
the diet right first overcome my illness
and then start a regular running routine
and by the way I have been running every
soft and just not as much as I'd like to
be and that first like expected it
killed me not in a sort of way but more
of a sort of way but perseverance is key
they say sometimes you cannot run or
hide but from an unhealthy lifestyle I
choose to do the former for lunch I go
to a cafe and buy a miso soup because
it's cheap and good for you I used to
have it with a bread roll but now I
don't but I do have a banana question is
having just miso soup in a banana enough
for lunch I tell you what's been a real
bitch though temptation because even
though you may be trying to be healthy
it doesn't mean that everyone else
around you is unjust day two of my
healthy eating regime someone shouted
whoa I've got vouchers for pizzaexpress
who's coming that Peter expressive
you're American I had to go I mean pizza
is my favorite food but the vouchers
were also for mains which did allow me
to get a salad and trust me I felt
pretty weird ordering it because when I
usually go to a restaurant a salad for
main course I mean a starter maybe but a
main course has been a bit like a proper
meal and I just never saw salad as that
and bonus points for me I had it with no
dressing because everyone says that's
bad for you ran in fact I like anything
tomato related it's tomato if you're a
merry key cherry tomatoes sun-dried
tomatoes tomato puree tomato ketchup you
name it but ordinary tomatoes look no
and I think that's because my taste
preference is texture based I don't know
if anyone else has that with food anyway
when I get home from work I have a fully
cooked meal with three portions of veg
and a point of orange juice and I always
need to end my evening meal with
something chocolatey because I've a
really sweet tooth I don't know why I
just did there so for dessert I have an
apple I'm on the role here and then a
miniature chocolate but I don't have one
of them with me so and the wrapper is
but if I don't get home from work till
very late or if I've had a big meal for
lunch then I'll have some cereal instead
funny story ok it's not that funny I
just had to segue you know those
pre-roll commercials you sometimes get
before watching some media content
online well one time I was on stick
calm which is where I host my life show
and I saw some pre-roll for a healthy
product I do feel there is this inner
ego within us all that we'd like to
think we would never be persuaded by
pre-roll but I'll happily put my hand up
and say it worked specifically developed
with the active part of oats to help
lower cholesterol but what's this what a
mysterious thing to put at the end of
such a bold statement see you then spend
the next half an hour trying to find out
where the asterix relates to so overall
my eating habits have got a lot better
and I have to admit I am quite proud of
myself because I just didn't think I was
going to be able to do it as my eating
and exercise habits have been poor for a
very very long time but when you educate
yourself about issues you just have to
do something about it it's about
breaking the cycle and I'm gonna see
this through adios the next time that
was exhausting and I I hurt my foot
