hey everyone hope all as well as always
I look how I feel which right now is
pretty awful it's been a very intense an
emotional week for me but I'm glad I'm
doing this and really happy that there
was a lot of positive responses to the
pile episode of eye of the storm this
week I have barossa shiraz if I
pronounced that right as the red wine
I'll be drinking and do let me know what
you have to drink and I guess without
further ado let's get on with the
episode glass of wine check submissions
via Twitter check via facebook check via
tumblr check via youtube check a quiet
place to sit check
10 minutes on the clock and the first
question comes from James sorry bad
start who on facebook asks what websites
and youtubers etc do you use as a source
of reliable political news now reliable
is an interesting word because the thing
I've learned over the past couple years
is to come a critical thinker now
there's no such thing as a true critical
thinker in my opinion I think it's a
sliding scale you can become better at
becoming a critical thinker and that's
by not having any loyalties towards a
particular individual in its why society
fails in many ways it's about authority
and credentials you know what does
authority in credentials mean it it's
kind of like blind faith you know
someone has authority or credentials
you're willing to accept what they say
as truth all the time it's with
political loyalties in society and
actually if you look throughout history
at some of the biggest atrocities that
have happened it is in result of blind
faith and people looking up to members
of authority who they feel yes I must go
by what they say so whether it's a
youtuber or a news network it doesn't
necessarily matter what you're looking
at but just look with an open mind and
actually the more sources of information
you have the clearer the picture you can
have on an issue personally who do I
look at what at the moment I've been
doing a lot of research and night taking
on lectures by Peter Joseph who is the
founder of the zeitgeist movement
although I'm not a member of the
zeitgeist movement and you know may not
agree with particular things it doesn't
mean you still can't take st.
constructive from it and there's a lot
of great stuff from Peter Joseph I'm a
huge inspiration on my life the amazing
atheist a long time youtuber that I
heard he recently got into and he does
great videos in terms of TV networks and
that you know I do look at BBC News but
I look at it knowing who the funders are
of that organization so I will find a
story and then i will look across the
internet at different blog posts and
different news
articles of different facets and
opinions and evidence of stories The
Huffington Post I look at current TV
with the Keith Olbermann report I even
look at Fox News just to see and
understand what the opposing views are
so you know by understanding it you can
then have dialogues with people not
ignorant of what their perspectives are
and hopefully bridge and come to some
agreements in an argument that way so
hopefully that helps dreadlord 67 on
youtube asks i watch this video whilst
drinking a glass of milk because i am
not of legal drinking age is that okay
well of course it is i mean i wouldn't
advocate anyone drinking underage and it
doesn't matter what you drink you know
you don't drink alcohol because is to
get you drunk you know you drink drinks
because you enjoy it and it gives you
sign and milk is full of calcium and I
like milk had a glass of milk earlier
but red wine for now cat on facebook
asks what is the best way to channel
one's energy in the most productive way
and this is an interesting one I think
it comes down to inspiration which to me
is very organic it's in the moment so
energy you know I'll be coming home from
work and actually some of my recent
videos I've written in 10 minutes on the
train on the way home because I've just
flooded out with a trailer thought which
has just come out of nowhere so when I
used to stack shelves at a supermarket I
would um I would keep her a receipt on
me that i could write on the back on so
when i was stacking shelves at this
supermarket came to mind i could write
it so take a night book around with you
or if you got a smart phone you know
same to take notes on and what you
should do is over time as you're adding
more and more notes you'll be able to
paint a picture which you can then apply
to making a video or some poetry or some
music or even used to have conversations
with other people so whenever you have
energy it comes in pieces and you know
just make sure you don't lose it if
you've gained something like saying
inspirational in mind write it down and
save it because if you just go i'll
remember it later unfortunately the
human mind tends to forget things
Daisy may be on YouTube asks what is
your view on nuclear weapons and nuclear
power in general Nick the weapons are
ridiculous in the sickest form the
argument of not disarming nuclear
weapons is because why should we remove
ours when there are other countries in
the world that have them when actually
that's the argument of why countries
want to have nuclear weapons because
other countries have them I don't
understand why we don't dismantle
nuclear arms ask other countries to do
it if other countries have nuclear
weapons and it's a fret then just spend
the money not on nuclear weapons but on
deterrence for nuclear arms do you know
I mean like the amount of money it
sounds ridiculous because by building up
our nuclear arms are we saying with so
on nukes us we can look them and destroy
the world just to have the Star Wars
project and an anti nuclear capabilities
put in place maybe I'm ignorant to that
but it just makes no sense that to make
the world a safer place that we build up
our nuclear arms spend that money on
deterrence and you will therefore
increase the chance of people disarming
their nuclear capabilities and the world
doesn't trust itself in different
regions because people are willing to
stockpile and it's a great shame in
terms of nuclear energy and people love
to jump on it and say it will create
jobs and it's clean people have not
found a way of you may have a clean way
of doing the process of dealing with
nuclear energy but the nuclear waste
people still haven't found a way of
doing it because it has a very slow rate
of decay or degrading because of
half-life's and you know it can dump it
in the sea or anything and where have
you dump it in the world there's going
to be economic sorry orbit and
ecological effects on people all around
the world um for 30 40 or more years
we've had geothermal energy jacque
fresco mention it in 1974 and a Larry
King interview one and a half thousand
years worth of energy for the entire
planet can be found by having a
geothermal plant tapping into Mount
Holly Lulu in Hawaii we're not using it
because it's not widely known we just go
with what we're told by the media and
the government nuclear energy let's look
more efficient ways of energy and Katie
Louise 88 on YouTube asks where do you
see yourself in five years time and what
do you see yourself having achieved I've
talked about this a lot before because
you know many years ago when you went
for an interview is where can you see
yourself in 20 years and the truth is
who knows who knows where you're going
to see yourself in 20 years now back
then you would have been able to answer
it because it was a career for life now
I don't think you would even know where
you're going to be in a year's time
because technology is advancing at such
a right the the world's political
changes are happy happening at an
increasing rate there are so many
factors where is the world going to be
in a week's time if you think about the
EU which is currently in crisis and
clinical and could collapse which would
have financial and create a financial
catastrophe across the world where are
we going to be in two days we just don't
know so where am I going to be in five
years um it's just impossible for me to
answer hopefully still alive and
hopefully I'm still able to do what I
want which is educate people and help
change the world for the better and
finally at Barry Aldridge on twitter
asks what is the meaning of life now
I've wanted to do a video about this for
about a couple of years now because I
think I've come up with the meaning of
life which it's just an opinion and I
think it's to create legacy is to create
something which is an extension or it
extends further than your existence on
the planet you want something that's
going to outlive you now you can look
back in with the Egyptians you know and
doing hieroglyphics you know and it's
that whole notion of writing on paper
all doing a blog on the internet or a
video these things are going to last
longer than you this video that I'm
recording right now could possibly exist
and be open to the public longer than I
am on this planet which is just a
remarkable thing it could be wanting to
have children so that could be your
legacy it could be
building up a company it could be
putting in some legislation to change
society for the better it could be a
religion and you know telling people
about a religious belief you have you
look at any aspects of society where
people want to leave slank behind that
is legacy and I think that you know
saying that legacy or creating a legacy
is the meaning of life I don't think is
offensive because anyone who would have
maybe a different view of what the
meaning of life is um I think that
includes that notion so maybe I'm being
too simplistic but I mean I think I was
told once that the the physics the
meaning of life for physic scientists
physicians is it on mess up completely
physicists I'm an idiot forgive me it's
been a tough week physicists would say
that the the meaning of life is to act
as a vehicle for the transfer of energy
that's just moving about in the universe
now that may have been changed since I
was told that which was quite a few
years ago but even that in a sense is a
legacy because what you're leaving
behind is energy which then continues
that is the time um so I think that was
in good time really I'm sorry I missed I
messed up quite a few my words on this
but as always if you have any questions
you'd like me to answer on next week's
episode you can submit it via twitter
via Facebook as a youtube comment on
tumblr and why not post a video response
to this video with you answering the
same questions that i did and the
questions will be available in the
description of this video so am thank
you very much for tuning in and
hopefully this was a coherent one i
realized i was messing up a few of my
words i just feel awful for many reasons
and I didn't feel better talking about
this and the people that always support
me on youtube I really appreciate it
because I feel I have a real connection
with the people that watch my videos
which may sound cliche but as I always
say if something sounds cliche it's
usually because it's true and on that
note um I hope
you have a good week and I will see you
next week howdy guys
