hey everyone some of you may remember a
video i did a while ago called I of the
storm and I enjoyed doing it so much
that I thought I'd make it into a mini
web series so here goes nothing glass of
wine check submissions via Twitter check
via facebook check via tumblr check a
quiet place to sit check and the time
starts now hey everyone thank you for
tuning in to the first episode of I of
the storm in which I will have a glass
of wine to drink as I relax I hear that
drinking a glass of red wine a day is
good for you and I don't do that i very
rarely drink maybe I should start doing
it better than I do here it's not good
for you in other ways there's always
contradicting research isn't there but
today I'm drinking jacobs creek sure as
cabinet i'm not actually that well read
up on why not i just taste up and if
it's good then i'll have it again so if
you haven't got a drink yet please pause
the video now go get one and then come
back or if you are unable to do that
right now just favorite the video and
come back at like a time because the
point in this is that we all just chill
and relax you know life can get pretty
crazy so it's nice to have a moment of
calm before we go back into our crazy
lifestyles I feel actually unwilling to
have a sip because I'm time is limited
but that's good I have questions that
been submitted by a Twitter Facebook and
Tumblr and so if you want me to answer
anything or have a topic I'd like you'd
like me to talk about on future episodes
then submit them or if you want to
submit it on this YouTube video in the
comments please do just putting capitals
question first so I know it is a
question for me to answer future time
and the first one comes from mr.
bloggers fight on Twitter who asks do
you feel YouTube has changed for the
better or the worst in terms of content
and design um well at the moment we're
seeing the transition to a new YouTube
format I'm not a huge fan of the
home page menu but we're never happy of
change when it happens and they're doing
it gradual gradually which is good
facebook you know if anyone's used it
realizes they just change it instantly
and that's always a lot more
uncomfortable to deal with because you
feel a bit disorientated I think YouTube
is going to turn really really good or
better should I say with all these
changes and I work with Google in some
capacities and from what I've seen it's
going to be epic so stay tuned for that
Ellis on Twitter asks how big a part do
you think apathy and impatience of the
general public play in today's world
issues what's that thing isn't it you
know if you aren't doing something if
you're not doing something can you be
classed as a part of the problem because
you've not actively done something
because we could argue a lot of the
problems that exist in society today are
due to government and them just doing
things wrong or banks just screwing us
screwing us over with their one motive
to make money with no consideration for
social concern or well-being of the
world so um yeah I think apathy is one
of the biggest issues at the moment you
know the people that are taking to the
streets protesting that may not be what
create solutions but it is creating
discussion which is the most amazing
thing and people are beginning to wake
up and realize that you know we can
spend all our time just working our jobs
paying our taxes going out drinking with
friends partying going on facebook
liking statuses but while that's all
happening is there are legislations been
passed by the US government so they can
imprison any member of any US citizen
indefinitely without evidence and
without trial that is absolutely
terrifying and apathy is just going to
allow governments to do it so we need to
stand up and say look governments do not
represent the 99 percent and we can get
into do you agree with the 99 percent by
vishal that can be left as another
question because the truth is
representative
democracy doesn't work I am deadly for
direct democracy which was saying I
wasn't for even if you asked me a few
weeks ago I just looked into it and well
yeah it we can talk about it another
time Helen of haids on tumblr asks how
did you come to develop such a calm yet
passionate way of speaking about things
that you feel passionate about well I
don't I don't what it is when I was
growing up and started doing public
speaking I was terrified of it you know
they say more people in the world are
terrified of public speaking than they
are of death which I don't know if that
exists so much anymore because a lot of
people get confidence from using the
internet and building up their audiences
and you know social networking all that
sort of thing but I was someone who
never used to write scripts I used to
just turn up and blog it which may be
seen as lazy but as a result it meant I
was able to stand up in front of large
numbers of people and talk we'll do a
speech which was well constructed and
actually constructed as I was talking
and that the truth is I talk about
things I only open my mouth if I feel
the need to say something if I truly
believe in it so therefore I tend to be
very well spoken with what I wants to
talk about because I'm speaking from the
heart and it's why when you look at
politicians who are going oh I'm trying
to remember what I said you know they're
having to remember because they're not
being honest if people were honest they
wouldn't need to think about what they
said before and to some extent so um I'm
just calm because I don't a force what I
believe on anyone and if you shout at
someone they're not going to listen to
you so you may as well just become not
patronizing but just careful with how
you speak and you know just take it from
there and even if just one person take
something positive from what you say
then that's a good thing so yeah that's
my advice on that but Toro on facebook
asks how do you deal with SI d and if
anyone he doesn't know what that is it's
seasonal affective disorder which and I
believe I have I think it's because I
have a lot of really bad stuff happens
to me every year around Christmas past
five or six years said
best friend died on Christmas Day which
was pretty pretty nasty and I know some
people of sa they have like lights that
they can put by their bedside table
which makes them feel better I don't
have it and actually for the first time
since I first thought I had si di
actually feel quite good this this
winter but then again it hasn't been as
cold as it normally is so how do I deal
with it I just look for positive things
in life I just keep myself busy and if I
do feel sad I ask myself why you know I
don't go oh I am sad I go why am i sad
and what can I do about it but that just
comes with practice of peaks and troughs
you know the more depressions you've
gone through the better you are with
dealing with it and to a certain degree
Maria on facebook asks why should we
strive to be to be or do our best if
that's what we should do I thought about
this a lot recently actually just
because I've got I've got a terrible
thing happening in the family at the
moment and I've began to not learn but
remember that life is just way too short
and so I live every day not necessary as
if it was my last cuz i might go
skydiving every day I wouldn't but you
know i mean i don't i'm not trivial
about life i'm not you know overdoing it
but every day is another day that we may
lose everything our freedoms etc and so
every moment I have as soon as I get
back from work I'm doing activism I'm
talking to people I'm speaking to
friends I'm trying to educate people and
make people wake up and realize that we
can all be a part of the solution we can
all be a part of a constructive society
so and why should we strive because if
you're not doing your best then you're
not making the most out of life you know
you just don't overdo things but just
just don't do anything that you think
you'll regret that the same time don't
regret your past because you can only
change your future Luis on facebook asks
if you were the prime minister of the UK
what would you change I'm a lot of
people ask me this because I did used to
want to get into politics when I was
younger not what was I didn't want to
originally and when I got involved in
him
tarian issues and I thought yeah maybe
politics is the way of doing it but the
political system of today is failing us
because it is completely immersed in
corruption which is from a monetary
system it is completely bound tightly
with corporations and governments are
effectively businesses you know they
have a cash flow and they have to
allocate resources do you really feel
the people the people's interests or you
know sorry do you think the people are
what who they really care about most
because I don't think so what they'll do
is they'll do as much they can to keep
people quiet to keep people working and
you know keep watching TV and and keep
calm as soon as there are protests
they'll say they'll deal with it and
then you know that continue with
whatever they want to do I'm just
looking at my time now so I must be
getting quite close I've got 40 seconds
so if I was UK Prime Minister I would
just change the system completely I
would make direct democracy come in
place which is where every policy would
be voted by the public and I used to
disagree of that because I was told by
got a lot of people that if they did
that in the UK which is the argument
against it is the death penalty would
come back in because um that would be
horrific and that's just that the way
society is today but I think that would
actually be a good thing in the long run
because if the death penalty did get
brought in people would go oh wow what
have we done hopefully that's what would
happen and then as a result they would
reflect and actually would realize we
have a responsibility I love to her so
yeah my times up and I just finished my
point really people would realize that
we have a responsibility and therefore
people would get out and vote and not
only would they just go and vote they
would actually research and educate
themselves to realize what they were
voting on because they would realize
that their vote would have implications
for their country and thus the world so
direct democracy I definitely think is
the next stage we have the internet
which is the greatest tool for that but
it's a shame that a lot of members of
government keep down talking anyone who
gets on these web
so it's doing petitions you know at the
end of the day they meant to represent
us and they're not representing us or
not the most of us anyway so yeah thank
you for tuning in to eye of the storm if
you want to send me anything there's
many ways you can contact me twitter
facebook youtube in the comments i look
forward to it seeing your comments and
also if you want to answer the questions
i've answered the questions will be in
the description to this video and why
not post a video response with your own
10 minutes and also there's tumblr so on
that note love you and I will see you
again next week oh yes next time okay
finish this now
