hey everyone hope you're doing okay I
haven't done a video like this in a
while which is where I don't have an aim
in mind I just talk and let the camera
roll because I have had a lot on my mind
lately many of you will know what it is
if you follow me on Twitter or follow me
on Facebook or just even see my videos
recently I've been very engaged with the
Occupy movements and I understand it's
been quite alien 18 for some people
because some people don't like talking
about politics other people just
wholeheartedly disagree with me which is
fine you know it's not about you know or
green together it's about you know
having discussion and coming to
conclusions actually saying I was told
about two years ago was when you have an
argument with someone the purpose of
having an argument is to find common
ground to agree on something which I
guess I just never thought of before I
don't know if you've ever thought of it
that way because in society that is all
about winning an argument and holding
your ground because giving into an
argument as they would put it shows
weakness when for me I've learned that
you know not being told that you're
wrong but being proven that you're wrong
allows you to take a new enlightenment
and direction and with the new
information that's been presented and so
I'm putting my cards out on the table
today to explain where I'm coming from
with everything that's happening in the
world and I just hope that you will
stick with me through this video and
actually contribute your thoughts and
just every point i make you know type
st. in the comments you know leave
multiple comments on different things
and I talked about as i said i'm not
sure where this video is going to go um
but the thing i've learned there's quite
a few things i've learned the past few
weeks and it's dawned on me quite
heavily like I guess I feel trapped in a
way and the reason why is I've come to
the conclusion that the changes I'd like
to see in the world like many other
people I've met
I'm not going to happen the end results
not going to happen in my lifetime and
I'm content with that now because as
I've mentioned before I went to see a
man in Florida called jacque fresco
who's 95 in 1974 he was on a Larry King
interview talking about things that are
still relevant today and he's not the
slightest bit bitter and he he told me
is because if you have expectations that
are too high and they're not met that's
why you're disappointed and hurt because
you expected too much which makes sense
but at the same time I think is good to
have expectations because that allows
you to progress and actually set a goal
if we didn't have expectations at all we
would probably still be living in caves
but I think I could be wrong with that
point um well I've learnt with the
Occupy movement and it's not just about
the Occupy movement but it's obviously
what's in the news at the moment is
there is a big disconnect there is a
disconnect between the reality and what
is actually happening and the mainstream
realization of that whether we're
talking about traditional mainstream
media or people and populations as a
whole you know there may be acts of
police brutality which get put on
YouTube and it's only when it gets onto
the front page that people then react to
it and you know with rain stream media
this has always been the case with
anything like my friend Charlie
McDonnell when he he's the number one
most subscribed in the UK when he hit a
million subscribers the newspapers
picked up on it two or three months
later and when one news story was
written so did the others they all
followed suit which is so so delay you
know Twitter and social media really
makes things a lot more instant and
although I have criticized traditional
mainstream media people need to
understand that my main point which I
probably didn't hit on hard enough was
this that all I'm saying is don't rely
on one news source if that if you have
your favorite news channel that you you
respect don't just use it just use even
news channels that you may not like you
know just look at everything because the
more facets you have of a story that the
more clearer the pictures
and that's what I'm saying with that and
what I've learned about people who talk
about the Occupy movement is I feel that
the people that disagree with the
movement don't disagree with the
principles but they disagree with the
way they're doing it so one thing is no
one's elected them so why they speaking
on our behalf I'm part of the 99 percent
but I don't agree with them taking to
the streets and that I don't wanna be
associated with that when actually you
know the 99 percent is actually a
statistic on finances you know the one
percent being the most wealthy etc so
whether you like it or not you are
actually a part that 99% you may be son
who's taken a backseat or doesn't want
to complain that's fine but
statistically you are apart the 99
percent but the people that distancing
themselves from it and if you know this
is about discussion so if I've called
this wrong please say but it feels to me
that the people who have an issue of it
have an issue with the way they're doing
it so they're setting up tap attends you
know they're hippies and all this app
hominin and people don't like to be
associated with that and also throughout
my life whenever I've stepped out of
line out of the status quo to challenge
thing like when I was at school
challenging the system for being corrupt
whenever I've talked spoken out against
bullies who bully the kid in the
playground you get site site sidelined
even by people that weren't involved in
the first place people like old that's a
bit all goods you know and I'm sure
you've seen loads of experiences like
that and that's what I'm seeing here
it's very easy to criticize them because
they're doing something different and so
when I ask people do you support the
movement I'm asking do you support what
they're complaining against so you know
people that are doing tax evasion
companies that health companies that pay
bonuses to their employees who managed
to hold back organ donations you know
Tucson who needs it and there's many
case studies of that people who have
died because there was an organ there
but they weren't giving it because they
were trying to hold it back for you know
making profit they
things exist I don't understand how
people could disagree with this is a bad
thing now the issue there for maybe well
I disagree with the Occupy movement
because they don't have solutions so but
the whole point in the movement is
people coming together and coming up
with solutions because the government's
have obviously not done a good enough
job but then it gets into an issue of oh
you're challenging you know democracy we
don't have democracy or true democracy
you know every government is a sliding
scale but then it meet me talking about
this I'm sidelining myself even more and
I realize you know my viewership of my
videos lately has gone down a lot and I
think it's because a lot of people get
turned off by thinking about these
things which I understand I made a point
on my Twitter a couple of weeks ago that
I found it funny that mean quite a lot
of other people were writing emails to
government and other people supporting
the movement whilst other people would
getting worked up about X Factor and who
was going to be there on Twitter
everyone's getting involved in drama and
I'm not saying that well then we got to
say what the question was the people
posed to me first they were saying well
don't you think people deserve to escape
reality and what shows like The X Factor
and I agree with that although it makes
me feel sad that people feel the need to
escape reality which shows you there is
something that's not right but secondly
I'm not saying it's a bad thing in
getting involved in entertainment and
that you know and listening to music
watching trash TV if you want but what I
see as a problem is when people are
getting caught up in drama arguing about
who's getting voted off next in that
it's like that energy is wasted when it
could be used on you know dealing with
real problems and then we get to the
point of well there's nothing I can do
and that is the biggest point ever is
apathy apathy is growing more and more
and George Carlin may he rest in peace
I've been watching a lot of his stuff
lately and he summed it up very well he
says that we've been we are a generation
that has been bribed with gadgets
you know people can say that you know we
have it better than ever you know I'm
able to do videos like this now I have
two massive screens here i have a new
iphone which i can talk to and yeah and
it can give me answers and just like
that but that doesn't mean that the
system is okay and actually this
disconnect this internal looking that
we're staying in our homes you know
you're going work your job you keep your
head down you do that and then you go
home then you relax and you spend what
you've made and you build up in life and
the thing that's been said to me again
and again is you can work you know what
your entire life and get your money
together and you know have a pension so
that you've secured money for yourself
and also for your family but then when
you die that money just goes back into
the system and is that really is that
what you want your legacy to be because
for me that legacy is what the meaning
of life is it's to create something that
can live LA live and last longer than
you and do you want your legacy to be
that to be inheritance I just find that
quite depressing so there's probably not
much coherence with what I'm talking
about this video because I've just got
so many things going on my head but I
want to know why do people not like
others getting on the street and saying
we want this stuff dealt with because if
you actually look at all the stuff that
it has happened in society even in the
past year it is disgusting and it's
going to get worse and the you know that
the best metaphor is a frog in boiling
water for anyone he doesn't know what
that is if you put a frog in hot water
the Frog will jump hell unless it's a
really big bow and I can't jump hell
it'll try to don't even though I said
that I was a completely pointless point
destroying the metaphor already but if
you put a frog in warm water and you
heat up slowly it won't try and leave it
won't notice it and that is what's
happening in society we are losing out
to apathy and so I see people
criticizing the Occupy movements and by
no means am I saying it's a flawless
movement there's criticisms I have a bit
and as I've said criticisms aren't a bad
thing but when people are saying they
should just go get jobs and they're just
hippies and they're just Communists and
socialists all this name-calling again
George Carlin said that the way that
society is constructed is in three tiers
you have the rich people who keep all
the money to themselves and do whatever
they want you then have the middle class
who work hard to make the money and they
argue with each other because again with
the Occupy movement there are a lot of
arguments which is well I have it tough
I work really hard for my money and I
don't complain so why should they
complain and not have a job do people
not understand that we're fighting with
each other when we're actually on the
same side and that's the bit I find most
frustrating is you know you can look at
statistics of how many jobs are
available to how many unemployed but
then it's also about mobility you know
there may be a job at the other side of
the country and stuff like that it
there's not this there's not true
efficiency with jobs and you can look at
technical unemployment and all that
things I may talk about another time but
we're fighting with each other and then
George Carlin said and then you have the
poor people whose job it is is to scare
the hell out of the middle class because
the middle class would say oh I don't
want to be poor and therefore I better
clock in and do do my time and you know
I I I almost went on benefits and I went
for six months on savings because there
is an aspect of pride which is
completely cultural and I know some
people have been unemployed for a very
long time and that you know they worried
about it so they you know that they
don't want to do it and it's the
majority of people who are on benefits
are on benefits because they have to be
and but the newspaper will pick out you
know that the odd example with extreme
cases of benefit abuse but if you look
at the abuse that's been done by
people at the top of the chain and
financially they are the biggest
criminals of them all and they are
extracting so much wealth from the
economy global economy well we're all
fighting with each other and have you
noticed that the media or notch the meat
it's not just their fault but the
argument or that's the sides of the
argument between the Occupy movement
that has always gone away from the
financially and the Occupy movement even
though it's that's what it's about in a
in England it was simple so it was the
church versus the Occupy movement then
it becomes you know in Wall Street and
all over America it's the people and the
police the police are just people trying
to make a living for their families and
they've been blackmailed into staying it
are they going to work an extra day just
so they could have an extra paycheck for
their families they've been blackmailed
into it quite frankly and then you've
got the people that the Occupy movement
and the government but the government
are powerless and there are just
everyday I just see reports of
admissions that the government can't do
what they want to do because the banks
are in control and so bringing this to a
close um because I could talk about this
forever I just I just want to know what
people object to the Occupy movement
because if it's about there not being
any solutions then who asked you who
will ever come up with the solutions
because if the problem is the government
who have been mixing up with mainstream
media and business how can we ever
expect them to to sort their own problem
L surely action has to be taken and you
look at any civil rights movement in the
past and people say that protest doesn't
work it it does work in his proven to
workers it's not necessarily the end
game but it is definitely a good start i
mean we're talking about it now people
all over the world are talking about it
now and actually last week it was
announced that the America the American
bank Association I think that's what
they called proposed paying I think it
was like eight hundred thousand dollars
for a smear campaign against the Occupy
protesters and any politicians that
stood by them if it's not a real issue
then why are they doing this and the
truth is because there's worry now and I
just I just wonder why we can't all
stand together because especially two
years ago when I started looking into
real solutions for society I got
demonized and heckled by so many people
and it really hurt my feelings because I
was being so careful with my research
and I've realized that actually you look
at the people that have done amazing
things for Humanity and I'm not
comparing myself to this right now I'm
just talking about anyone who wants to
help humanity they've gone through a lot
of trouble you've got people that have
actually done the right thing and ended
up being killed or prison put in prison
the Wright brothers who create the first
plane they were told by all scientists
at the time and people that it was
impossible to fly and so they went away
and they did it like any real change for
the benefit of mankind has so much
trouble and I'm just worried that as I
go down this route because I am because
once you see it you can't step away that
I'm isolating myself more and more I've
lost a lot of my UK YouTube friends or
at least I don't hear from them as much
anymore because I think they just don't
want to get involved with this I sent
emails ages ago about how you know
internet censorship is is going to be
inevitable with the current situation
and then you know they're making videos
about it which is great but i think it's
it's a bit delayed it was a few days or
on the day of when congress were talking
about it you know this is not about just
waiting for it to get bad and going
right now let's let's act we can't we
need to be smart with human beings we
have foresight we can look into the
future and people don't want to risk
what they risk their current lifestyle
because they do have if they do have it
okay now why would they want
with a movement which could make them
sidelines and this is why I'm saying you
just have a discussion and I guess
that's all I wanted to talk about so
what I want to talk about a lot more to
be honest but on my way home from work I
just had to get it off my chest because
many of you will know he's watching my
videos the past however many years that
coming up to Christmas I always get
severely depressed because I have s ID
sad for seasonal affective disorder
which is where the shorter days the loss
of the excess of darkness just makes me
depressed and it's also because I always
have a lot of bad stuff happening around
Christmas and I feel really strong now
compared to normal which is so strange
to me because I felt more alone than
ever actually and I always questioned my
son a because I'm I'm just I'm so sure
it's not too mean I'm completely
stubborn about if I've always asked
people who disagree with me you know
show me some proper evidence and and an
argument and that's the thing oh I'm
ever seeing when it's disagreeing the
Occupy movement in its opinion and what
I mean by opinion I mean words that have
not been backed by any research whereas
people saying pepper spray victims are
just mean sprayed with food that should
grow up which is in the case if you look
at the research of how strong pepper
spray is used by the US police it's
sickening if people think your
conspiracy theorists because you say
that car companies don't recall parts or
all cars because Parsifal T because it's
cheaper to pay our compensation to the
families of those and that have died for
their negligence you know these things
are real these things are real and if
there are any questions let's just have
a discussion now in the video so I ended
there so thank you for tuning in and
thank you for the get well soon messages
I'm feeling a lot better anyone who
doesn't know I had food poisoning which
was great I'm really happy to making
videos
quite often again and just to finish
after christmas in the new year I want
to UM redo this wall it doesn't mean get
rid of this just take it down and
rebuild it so if anyone has anything
you'd like to appear on this will the
address is in the description send it
and then the year hopefully I'll have
lots of stuff and just semi stuff that
you feel represents the connection you
have with my videos or just things that
you think represent what I do anything
really from all over the world it's just
amazing so thank you for tuning in I
love you all and anyone who is still
there watching this um thank you it is
the next time
