I know are you thinking miles you look
pretty rough right now and if you're not
thinking that then I apologize for being
so judgmental but a saying of mine that
I like to use again and again is I look
how I feel and right now I do look how I
feel which is rough and ill because I'm
suffering with food poisoning her a
check on her a food poisoning which is
probably in my top 10 illnesses to have
if I was ever to be so insane to create
such a list movies now movies are
primarily a form of entertainment but
sometimes they hit us deep down inside
because we identify with them perhaps
it's a character a theme or even the
story as a whole my all-time favorite
movie was one of these because when I
first saw it I was completely shocked at
how much I related to the main character
and the experiences that they went
through and well the past two days
whilst I've been enjoying the novelty of
having food poisoning I got to watch the
movie again for the first time in two
years and I connected with it more than
ever now I could just tell you the name
of the movie and the character I relate
to you but I thought let's make a bit of
a game out of this shall we a bit of a
gamey game ya know tough we're doing it
anyway so what I'm gonna do is list 12
ways in which i relate to my favorite
movie and you have to guess the title
okay so here we go number one I stood up
for kids that got bullied at school
number 2 i'm drawn to girls that have
issues number three i discovered an
elderly person who left school to live a
life of scientific research number four
i have given up the search for the
existence of God number five I often got
in trouble at school for being outspoken
number six I have always been concerned
about how we are losing children to
apathy number seven I am terrified at
the prospect of dying alone number eight
I grew up having reoccurring dreams
which felt incredibly intense and very
very real number nine I have been in
therapy in which I had to talk about
such issues as my childhood
relationships dreams sacrifice
and God number 10 I have had an
experience in my life in which I avoided
death clue number 11 growing up I snap
to my mother on many occasions when she
was only trying to help me clean number
12 on a few occasions people said that
my name is epic sounding one person even
went on to saying that it sounded like a
superhero's name or something and there
we have it 12 clues have you guessed
what the film is yet if not i'll tell
you now the name of the movie was Donnie
Darko which had such a huge impact on my
life when I first saw it not that I see
rabbits
now I don't see rabbits or anything like
that anyway why not place in the
comments how many clues it took you to
get the right answer and if you didn't
get it right post you're wrong answers
anyway I'm sure it'll be amusing for the
rest of us and furthermore if there are
films and characters that you relate to
why not create your own version of this
game don't forget you can catch me on
Facebook and Twitter and now i am using
tumblr so feel free to follow is it
follow on there yeah yeah I think so say
thanks for watching as always and I'm
off now to be sick brilliant bye
