hi everyone i am doing my five minute
walk home that i do from the station
after i finished a long day's work and i
feel the need to speak out because the
last 24 hours have been pretty pretty
tough for me but I've been quite a tough
cookie the past year I think I've always
had a positive mind to looking for
solutions when stuff happens in the
world and you know a lot of people say
well some people say you know miles one
person can't change it I'm like what no
that's that that's exactly right one
person can change the world but it's
about creating momentum and with
everything happening in the world right
now it requires mankind humans around
the world to unite and take action but
it has to start somewhere and me and
many other people have taken initiative
to try and make that happen but
yesterday are
was the first time in many many mumps
that I'd cry and it wasn't like I just
broke into tears it was gradual but I am
completely heartbroken by the course
this world is taking for two years now
I've been looking at the economic and
political and social trends of this
planet and it was clear to me as it was
too many other people that the infinite
growth paradigm that we live in is not
sustainable and that when you have the
one percent verse of ninety-nine percent
the way I describe it is this you have a
deck of cards you make a house of cards
should I say and the very top is the one
percent now what happens if you take
away the cards from the bottom and you
just add on to the top it collapses
because the society cannot function if
the overall population isn't taken care
of I mean if you want to look at it
trivoli if if bankers early ones that
are left with all the money who's going
to be the doctor to help them when they
get it on that you know but the issue i
have right now is much deeper than just
it's the poor an emotional level because
i am so disappointed with people that I
know friends people that
I've grown up with the past five years
while using YouTube a great tool the
internet is only began to explode with
its social media potential the past five
years and therefore those that have
grown up with it are the key holders to
making it be used for good and you can
talk it any sense because we talk about
mainstream media that doesn't get the
internet and that's because the
mainstream media is being put out of
business by the internet because when a
cameraman turns up to a protest rally
with whatever news channel with an
agenda and they interview someone and
the person gives a good representative
so it gives a good answer to what they
are protesting about until I all know
let's not show that there's someone else
with a camera who's been filming it and
can upload it uncensored online when
people commit police brutality like an
Iraqi war veteran who served two terms
two tours in Iraq comes home cry test
for freedom and gets smacked in the head
by police it's fucking disgusting and
what angered me most out of all of this
is that I'm just one person who's grown
up with this technology but there are so
many people out there who have way more
exposure than me people that in the past
year I actually made an effort I I drove
or I took trains to see people yeah
because I wanted to catch up but but
specifically to tell them what was
coming around the corner some of them
turned away and weren't interested which
is just a usual way for humans to be
because
you will not act until it affects you
but then as other people that were
saying like about our Universal
solutions project which is a tool to
educate people and reduce corruption and
reduce speculation and less evidence is
there to free people and allow people to
have the best opportunity in life this
this whole campaign with protest is not
about making everyone equal it's about
making everyone has equal opportunity
because some people in society are
geniuses you have so much to contribute
but just because they don't have the
money to get the degree and the
credentials next to name they are denied
that possibility of being able to
contribute something significant to
society and it's outrageous the last
thing to a friend who says all I like I
like your idea I'm just trying to think
how I can use it to make money it
fucking makes me sick and at the time I
just shrug it off and go you know what
fair enough but every day every monument
II when I'm at work I'm thinking about
these people that are put in their heads
on the line for our freedoms whilst the
majority just want to get on them find
holes in their argument when they're not
realizing the people they should be
pointing the finger at is the government
the people that should have been looking
after the world the people that are in
bed with the corporations because money
is what it's about in life
and yeah sure people can have some free
time and talk about whatever whatever
they want but when all they talk about
is just entertainment and popular
culture what the fuck are they doing
like people have choices but we also
have responsibilities and we created
this culture in which people think you
know what I'm all right so I don't have
to worry and that's not acceptable the
point I made especially doing stick aid
to people you know people nod and agree
with it but do they actually acknowledge
it through their actions is you know you
can the fact we have voices the fact we
have the internet such a great tool
which is it is is under threat at the
moment there have been reports of the
u.s. police telling Google to take down
any footage of police brutality and you
know what if this revolution doesn't go
all the way the government will do
whatever they can to ensure it doesn't
happen again and that means net
neutrality for internet censorship and
you know what you might be little kid
with what you can be you might not be
able to do shit for fun anymore you
might not have any money because savings
pensions are all going to go because at
the moment if we just take the e for
example they cain't printing out money
they keep saddling more debt to a
country which can't have the debt it has
already as if that's the plan the people
at the top are making decisions without
any dialogue with the general population
because people don't think it's their
responsibility he will think Oh
politicians will take care of it
politicians are human beings too they're
collapsible there in a culture where
they just do whatever they think without
any real consideration to the bigger
picture short-term fixes not looking for
long-term prosperity that is the problem
we have and I'm sorry I get angry a part
of it you know I say this you know if
you're angry or sad or disappointed it's
because you've put your expectations too
high
we've had to higher expectations of the
world humanity your friends because they
weren't met and that's why you're
disappointed if I was more realistic but
if people didn't have high expectations
they wouldn't even attempt for reaching
for him it's like humanity has
progressed so much you know I provide us
a solution for the world's problems that
my own like a resource-based economy and
most people go oh it's utopian the only
reason it's you typing is because
they're looking at the ideal situation
but the truth is if we even made twenty
percent of the progress towards a
resource-based economy this world would
be a better world than it is today and
this world is not getting better right
now it's not flat lining it's getting
worse and people need to wake the fuck
up because there's gonna be a point
where security is ripped from underneath
your feet and you're not going to be in
a strong position to defend yourself or
defend people around you so how the hell
do people I respect you know who I've
explained I spend hours at a time
speaking to people saying the same thing
ensuring they understand it and they
understand it but it doesn't block
anything they just think well that's
great to know if I need it but i'll just
go back to the life i normally have and
I'm just and I think another part of my
frustration it's for two years now I
have been held a paranoid by someone
who's completely out of touch a
conspiracy theorist like so many other
people you know might the story I'm
telling you now is just my story there
are many other people you can look at
and I'm not here to study I want people
to go yeah moes you were right it's not
about that it's not about that it's you
agree with what's happening right now
about it because if you think I'll
minute get a suit think if we power you
are already proven
to be messing around corporations that
then you are wrong more than one the big
weeks to go approximately paid four
point six million dollars for the New
York Police Department to up their
security in the Big Apple that is where
police brutality's who's been happen
happening and this isn't going to go
away the economy is not just going to
collapse one day you know and actually
to the credit that the government a part
of the complacency of actually looking
for real solutions and just delaying the
inevitable you know and let in the ship
sink slowly what's all the rich people
siphon as many coins as they can on to
their life raft if I can use that
metaphor that's what is happening and
all i ask is people don't just listen to
what I'm saying now people go online and
research yet and i are i was on
complaining on my last video i did on
youtube which was about ignoring
mainstream media and saying oh I had to
look for ages before I found anything
you should have just fucking told me
what you know what you need to look in
life because if you think that
everything you're told is true and that
you should be spoon-fed then you're a
part of the problem people need to wake
up people need to take responsibility
people need to understand that as
individuals together we have a
responsibility to educate ourselves and
come to decent solutions and sure the
protests don't have around the world
specific demands but that's because
there are such a wide variety of
problems but if you look for the root
cause of it all it all comes to one
thing in its money it's money and right
now people go oh it's about communism
and it's about socialism it's not about
any of the isms there's going to be a
point where people lose everything and
it's not going to be about once anymore
it's gonna be about needs and maybe
that's the revolution we're going to
need to take but all I want I just want
it you know I've had loads of people
stand by me I'm and this isn't aimed at
them I really appreciate it but when
you've grown up with people who you've
supported to help him you know get
exposure and it's just so they can do
what they want for fun or other one it
is some real return on that so when
issues really matter they can help us
make the world a better place and you
know decades an example where that has
happened but as i said before stick head
is only a part of the bigger picture
because if you think the money just
throwing money at kids who are starving
and suffering every time they that they
call an emergency is going to solve it
then then you need to reconsider because
you're not we need to have preventive
measures we need to think about all of
this and as the situation gets worse the
US and them mentality it's going to get
worse it's going to get harsher and
people going to come a lot more
irrational which is why we have to act
now I'm almost I'm and I might regret
recording this but I feel a lot better
because i feel very alone at the moment
not saying i am alone it's about what
you feel this about perceptions and you
know i still sparking people as always
from time to time people saying oh yeah
i acknowledge it but that's it that's
all they do they acknowledge it it's
like the cases you see on the street
where sonic knowledge is Sony's falling
over and hurt themselves but that's what
they do they acknowledge it her
society's not about acknowledging the
problems is about doing saying about it
and it's not to say that you need to
have a solution come forward it's about
telling people make them aware because
if you don't take the initiative we are
going to be forever spoon fed and tribe
alized by mainstream media politicians
and corporations because together they
have one thing in mind and that it's
self-preservation if anyone wants to
chat i do it live show on sundays at
nine p.m. BST or it's going to seem
benign p.m. gmt I don't know what I'm
going to post it that if I'm even going
to post it
and I hate using the rhetoric on people
to wake up well I'm sorry you need to
you need to look at the evidence there
and it will become perfectly clear that
we are living beyond our means right now
because television entertainment pop
culture isn't going to matter when your
savings are gone when unemployment goes
through the roof and money is worth
nothing and there's no system we can put
in place to replace that with a now
