so on my last for the I said I was going
to be uploading another video that night
about the universal solutions project
but I didn't and why because I was
unable to create the video that I wanted
to make he scripted it recorded edited
evaluated three times and thus I decided
it was not worth making anymore but the
project will still go forward so all I
can say is if you want more information
about us p then click on the USP link in
the description of this video things are
changing exponentially in the world
right now and you know what frustrates
me most how many people are still asleep
and I'm not just talking about strangers
and people I see on my commute to and
from work I'm even talking about friends
you know people that I know for almost
two years now i could see mass civil
unrest coming with a failing global
economic crisis but i kept out to myself
because you know some people think
you're crazy or a conspiracy theorist or
you shouldn't doubt the system and
criticize it you should keep your head
down and everything will be alright and
i guess to a certain degree i was
believing in that but the signs kept
coming and now just looking at what's
happening in the world right now if that
is not telling you that something is
seriously wrong then you really really
need a reality check my youtube channel
has always been about inspiring the
world to inspire and trust me that is
not going to change but with everything
developing so fast in the world I
realize I no longer need to spend all of
my energy telling every individual
person I meet what is happening in the
world because it's not going to be long
until this affects everyone and people
think how the fuck did this happen
Occupy Wall Street do you know where
that is if you don't that's fine because
for weeks now mainstream television news
networks and newspapers haven't listed
this event as an important news story
but then there are people who know about
Occupy Wall Street and they're asking
questions like why are they protesting
why don't they get jobs well I have a
question for those people and that is
why don't you do some proper research
but then there are mainstream news
networks like Fox News and CNN who have
journalists who are even asking why are
these protests happening I mean they
must be some pretty fucking amateur
journalists if they're asking that
question weeks on after it started oh
and maybe it's because they're also
running funded by the corporations that
these people are protesting about
self-preservation comes to mind
so what's my point pay no more attention
to traditional mainstream media
everybody because they have one main
function in society and that is to
maintain the status quo oh and and to
make money make that two points the fact
that you are watching this video right
now is evidence that you have access to
a tool which can free you the internet
become a journalist yourself search
around find your own sources and come up
with your own conclusions on the events
that are happening in the world right
now just don't be spoon fed by these
elite funded news networks that only
give out information tainted by their
own agenda constructed information
shouldn't just be about opinion anyway
it should be about reporting actual
research and using critical thinking
most of the major news networks are
influenced by those that fund them and
most of the governments are influenced
by those that fund them so do yourself a
favor and open your eyes realize
empathize with the real world around you
and shed some light because trust me
those that live their life sipping
champagne and counting their money don't
give a fuck about you and the sooner you
realize that the sooner we can take
constructive action to find solutions
and allow these people to give a fuck
about their fellow human beings again
after all the only reason they are that
way is because the system has allowed
them to be they're not evil people
they've just been brought up in an
environment in which money comes first
corporate greed over human need and yes
I hear a lot of people say but ignorance
is bliss or I like living in my own
bubble but I make this point again and
again if something is going to burst
that bubble don't you think we should
stand up together and protect it the
truth is these protests are happening
across the planet whether you like it or
not so turn off your TV stay well away
from traditional mainstream media and
use the internet to help participate in
society in helping find real solutions
to real problems because this world is
the responsibility of everyone and
everyone includes you as Alexander
Hamilton once said those who stand for
nothing fall for anything this is real
so please wake up
