what is fit Cade stick a 2011 is a
non-stop live show I pasted every year
since 2006 to raise money for the
children's charity UNICEF why a nice F I
chose UNICEF because it was a global
charity and I felt that there would be
not many people who would disagree with
raising money for children in the
poorest regions of the world where they
don't have internet don't have a voice
and don't even have the necessities of
life where can we donate Just Giving
dot-com /tk 2011 where is thick' 2011 it
will be hosted at Ravensbourne college
in central London when is decade 2011 it
starts at 12 p.m. BST on Saturday
October 1st but I'm in California when
does it start for me it'll start for you
at 4 a.m. PDT but I'm on the East Coast
then PU it starts 7 a.m. EDT but I'm in
Antarctica ok that might be problematic
but I'm in Antarctica yeah I heard you
the first time if you need help with any
time zones then just ask in the comments
where can i view the livestream you can
view it on stick a 2011 comm or stick am
comm forward slash decade i thought it
was going to be on youtube as well oh
yeah of course
this year it's also going to be on
youtube.com forward slash decade will
charlie be on again this year yes he
will be whoa Charlie Charlie Charlie
Charlie Charlie Charlie Charlie Charlie
Charlie Charlie Charlie Charlie Charlie
- Charlie Charlie Charlie Charlie
Charlie Charlie and many more guests I
will also be joined by philip defranco
sorted food ashens Fleur de force Tom
Milsom crab sticks the ROH experience
Alex day then is not on fire
Lili's I like and many many more how can
I help you can donate an but I don't
have money if you'd let me finish sorry
it's ok I know it's very exciting if you
don't have money you can always donate
your time awesome doing what you can
download the stick a 2011 graphic and
music from stick a tumbler calm and use
it to make videos on YouTube to promote
this event do you have facebook
facebook.com forward slash decade do you
have twitter twitter.com forward slash
decade do you have a youtube account
youtube.com forward slash
yes you guessed it stick aid will there
be highlights posted this year yes there
will be to get everyone you know to
subscribe to youtube composter Cade all
revenue made on Adsense will be donated
to UNICEF on the day I wish I could be
there or you can this year because we
have a studio audience how can I get
tickets
stick a bed bright calm but be
because there aren't many unfortunate I
don't have any money could I do some
fundraising for stick head myself of
course you can and during the broadcast
I'll be making many suggestions on how
you can fundraise wherever you are in
the world and if you take pictures or
video footage of you doing it send it in
and we can put it on the live stream
anything else we can do to raise money
yes if you go to the URL viacom forward
slash montage forward slash two two
three nine it will take you to a montage
I have set up where I asked the question
why should we help people we don't even
know for every video response that
question gets Viacom will donate 25
cents to UNICEF via decade so once
you've answered a question get anyone
else you know with a camera to pace
their own response you can put it on
Facebook everywhere the more videos we
get the better will you be wearing your
white jacket this year and half yes what
does that mean well watch the show and
you'll find out well you look better on
the show than you do now yes I will I've
been working 20-hour days the past two
months organizing this event so right
now I look how I feel well you have
straight hair again this view um I
haven't decided yet
should I why don't you shave okay then
now your face looks flat and so does
yours
ah ah but don't worry there's still
seven days before the event to grow
facial hair back where can I get a stick
8 another stick a 2011 shirt from
district lines come forward slash decade
all profits go to UNICEF has the event
got any mainstream media attention
unfortunately not so if you have any
contacts with radio stations and
newspapers or television stations please
do spread the word about this event I
have an idea for the show where can I
send it awesome please place it as a
comments this video
the more the better how do you manage to
stay up for 24 hours presenting a live
show it all comes down to the pressure I
have of knowing I can't let people down
wherever it stays that are donating or
the children that we're trying to help
how do you mentally and physically
prepare for a 24 hour live broadcast
lots of hoping that I don't wake up on
the day feeling very tired or sick how
can I help before stick a 2011 begins
just help everyone you know about the
event get them to follow us on Twitter
like us on Facebook subscribe to us on
YouTube and to check out stick a 2011
comm oh and I think that's all I've got
time for thank you so much to all the
support that I've been getting so far
just send this video to everyone you
know and get the word out about stick
ade let's become a part of internet
history I still have a question then go
to
calm for / decade and I can answer your
question there a do still next time
