hey everyone hope all is well war
natural disasters poverty civil unrest
refugee crises terrorism it is very easy
to become overwhelmed by the global
challenges we are exposed to on a daily
basis I'm freaking out don't freak out
but the world is terrifying don't freak
out freaking out put some motion above
rational thought it creates a sense of
urgency it allows knee-jerk reactions it
risks the making of mistakes and it can
lead to burning out today I want to tell
you one simple thing play the long game
- play the long game is to understand
that protests and rallies are just a
starting point
an opportunity to network with others
and to organize for the onward journey
to play the long game is to resist
becoming addicted to the instant
gratification that technology can so
easily provide us with to play the long
game is to acknowledge that rome wasn't
built in a day and the biggest
achievements throughout history and
civil and political rights took
sustained and determined efforts to play
the long game is not to say that
short-term tasks aren't also important
but that they are much more effective if
used as stepping stones to help reach a
larger overarching goal to play the long
game is to discuss and debate ideas on
its own merits without throwing around
labels and insults don't just tell
someone they are wrong explain why they
could be and don't shame others instead
build common grounds they have a way of
walking over to your side to play the
long game is to look after your mental
health and well-being it is ok to step
away and take time out to enjoy life
whether that be meditating going for
walks or playing computer games is it a
privilege to have that opportunity in
life sure but that doesn't mean you
should feel guilty because of it taking
regular breaks improves your health and
long-term performance so it's a
worthwhile investment to play the long
game is to appreciate that government
institutions have checks and balances
for a reason although many are
frustrated by a seemingly slow political
system the solution is not to dismantle
the mechanism
used to hold elected officials to
account and prevent executive overreach
doing so you may help politicians
achieve the things you want in the short
term but it leaves behind a very
dangerous precedent to play the long
game is to be skeptical when someone in
power presents a very simple solution to
a very complicated issue especially if
it comes without evidence to play the
long game is to respect that we all have
our own battles to fight so plan your
goals and ambitions in a way that
doesn't load too much on your own
shoulders in the now and appreciate that
the diversity of tactics we all engage
in actually strengthen our chances of
achieving common goals to play the long
game is to connect with people from all
walks of life with different skill sets
who are working on a variety of causes
this means when you're unable to help
someone in need on a particular project
you can link them up to a person who is
ideal for the task instead of just
saying no and finally to play the long
game is to understand that the short
term efforts of other people may in fact
be the creation of a piece to a puzzle
that you aren't yet able to see on a
personal note last year I decided to
play the long game
I left a well-paid job at a media
organization and instead of following
the easy path of working for another I
decided to set up my own now I can make
videos reporting on daily world events
and news all very important but there
are already so many people doing this
instead I'm trying to create a media
company that seeks to educate about
society's need to evolve its mainstream
value systems in a world where outrage
and drama gets so much attention and
money creating a project around nuance
is a lot less sexy
therefore it's gonna take a lot of time
and resources but I'm committed and if
it all works out I'll be making a much
more positive impact on the world in
three years time than if I were to just
reach for low-hanging fruit instead to
play the long game is to make light
journey that little bit more exciting
and I thank you all out there who have
chosen to join me on that journey so let
me know in the
section of this video what long-term
goals you are currently working towards
be sure to press that like and share
button if you'd be so kind and on that
note keep playing the long game I will
see you next week
adios till next time
