hey everyone the past five years I've
been hosting a weekly live show called
376 live and one of the most popular
features on the show is the true or
false quiz mode II it is very well
researched I do it to try and educate
people and therefore I decided the other
day to go through all the quizzes I have
ever done and to pick out all the best
questions and combine it into an
interactive YouTube video so right now
you will be faced with five true or
false questions if you choose to play
that is and depending on the choices
that you make will determine what
questions you face next so I do ask that
you play this game honestly if you want
to get the most fun out of it the
questions are going to be quite hard
the average scorer gets about two out of
five so if you score anything more than
that let me say in advance well done and
finally before we start please do share
this video with anyone that you know on
the internet because to make this more
fun finding out what your friends have
scored compared to your own attempts
just makes it a bit more interesting
Plus this is taken quite a long time to
make so any support is great so let's
start off with an easy question just so
you can get used to the format are you
ready London is the capital of England
is that true or is it false
make your choice I don't know how long
I'm going to be standing here for I
guess I could always use the pause
annotation right
