I've had quite a few comments over the
past year saying that when I do my
videos in front of this background it's
a bit more of a sterile environment in
the sense that it's not as natural as
when I used to do videos carrying the
camera about so keeping that in mind
today we're just going behind my desk
because I wanted to talk about ownership
it could be said that the more
possessions you have the more success
we've been and behind me here is a huge
collection although I'm sure lots of up
who have got a much bigger collection of
music are used to love buying CDs
because I still love the artwork and the
packaging great example here of my
favorite band fear factory with their
album archetype used to unfold a nice
thing that was really really cool but
next to my music dvds I used to like
sharing DVDs with my friends of things
that gave me pleasure so if there was a
movie I saw that I really liked like
donnie darko which is one of my all-time
favorite movies I used to like owning it
so I could then give it to my friends
and let them have the same experience
that idea but of course it takes up
space it costs lots of money and then
blu-ray came out so does that mean I
have to start buying everything again
and finally down here I've got books
some of which I have not read but a
great example of a book is one I bought
a primary school by Matthew Thomas
called before and after and it was about
exploding sheep I actually never got
around to reading it still here his
ownership beneficial music now you have
spotify which for 999 a month I get
access to unlimited content in terms of
movies and that you have love films or I
believe in the u.s. you have netflix so
you don't need to own physical copies of
things anymore you pay for the usage of
enjoying the music enjoying the movies
without having to store it physically in
your house and with books you know a lot
of these I don't read anymore or will
never read so surely I should take them
to a charity shop and what I want to
read a book I can either get it online
or if I want it in physical format I
could get it from a library it doesn't
end here though let's go upstairs shirts
more shirts and more t-shirts
small t-shirts that I haven't worn it in
so long then coming over here hoodies I
haven't worn for ages just shirts I
haven't worn I wouldn't I wouldn't even
wear this shirt and this another shirt I
wouldn't I wouldn't wear a shirt like
that I've still got it here I own this
stuff and I don't get rid of it because
I always feel what if I need it one day
what if it comes in use and i even have
drawers of complete random stuff that i
don't use anymore look cool watch i got
from turkey many years ago I've missed
this but yeah lots of stuff and finally
I want to talk about of my car our
Flopsy you're gonna be short sight in
one eye and so finding my car one of the
greatest forms of ownership but with
having a car there are so many problems
you have to find a parking space it
means you can get fined or you have to
pay for parking you can be involved in
road accidents as congestion pollution
when something breaks you have to fix it
loads of different problems and I guess
whenever a product is first released
it's usually for its utility what it's
used for but then due to society and the
way it's evolved it's now about once and
not so much needs so people like to have
cars that look amazing people want to
drive around fast in their cars when we
talk about ownership and businesses that
create these products like music CDs the
business model for any company willing
to make profit is to ensure that
everyone buys as much as they can so the
business model for the car industry is
that everyone on this planet should own
a car but I mean yeah everyone on this
planet should have the right to be able
to travel faster than foot but should
everyone really own a car I mean do we
have the infrastructure to deal with
that I mean if you go to like an airport
and you see all the car parks where
people have left their cars while they
go on vacation it's absolutely
ridiculous there are currently over 500
million cars in this world is it really
possible for everyone to own a car but
it is possible to allow everyone to have
access to the utility of transport like
with music I have a program
like Spotify it means I don't have to
store the CDs I don't have to go out and
buy them that you know the access is at
my fingertips that's technology used for
good but with cars we have automated
transport and the reason it's not being
used yet is because it would put a lot
of people out of business the people
that manufacture cars the service
industry I mean if your car can tell you
that the oil needs changing surely the
car is able to change the oil itself but
allowing everyone to have access for
everything you may say well surely that
is even more inefficient surely that
will use more resources let's say you
wanted to travel somewhere so you dial
up for a car to pick you up so this
automated car takes you to where you
want to go and picks up the next person
and so on less cars would be needed on
the road therefore there be less
pollution less congestion 93% I think
it's a bit more than that of all road
accidents happen due to human error you
would eradicate that it's no longer an
issue have been too young to drive or
maybe being elderly or even being drunk
these people are catered for and are
taken in the quickest and most effective
way I mean today we do not have the
money in the world to provide for
everyone in society the things they need
to make us progress in the right
direction but we do have the resources
to do that and so that makes me think
where are we going wrong surely the
ownership could become a thing of the
past I just know the moment i get rid of
those books i get rid of the cds and the
dvds and the clothes that I don't wear
I'm just going to feel a hell of a lot
better I need a good clear out but with
things like this a car it's not so easy
because it's an important part in my
life getting to where I need to go I
guess I just feel sometimes with all the
capitalist stuff happening in our lives
we really ought to learn to let go
hi everyone thank you for checking out
my video as always be sure to click
Subscribe if you enjoyed it and if you
want to see my newest video click the
blue button you can find you on facebook
and twitter be sure to post comments and
video responses with your own views on
ownership and your own stories of
perhaps getting rid of stuff my first
video recommendation is called goodbye
home because i think whenever we move
out of a house is a time when we get rid
of a lot of our stuff and if you miss
Flopsy be sure to check in in one of my
old videos which is just there and is
pretty insane and so on that note a DA
still next time and hopefully see you
soon
