hey d you doing all right how things get
indeed things are certainly going how
about you yeah things going to write
it's just nicely relaxing for the day
yeah I hear you I mean to be honest I
don't even know what chilling is anymore
how do you mean there's just so much to
do and so little time I just don't get a
chance to switch off really well it's
important that you take care of yourself
or you burn out well I've already
accepted that's going to happen how so I
I just live a very intense lifestyle I
mean the things have happened to me in
the past five years is just incredible
and I just think as I'm living life so
fast I'm probably not going to even live
till about 50 really well surely that's
a motivation to slow down no it's not
everything happening in the world at the
moment is not going to slow down just
because I choose to oh you know you that
you should be taken care of yourself
first and then that puts you in a
stronger position to be taken care of
others I don't need taking care of
financially secure and I've got decent
health but that might change if you
don't calm down a bit I mean you wear a
mouthguard when you sleep stop grinding
your teeth how can you just--can sit
there with everything happening in the
world at the moment doing nothing
because I know things aren't going to
change in this exact moment but if you
do nothing nothing is going to happen I
mean this is a mentality that is just so
widespread at the moment and I just
don't get it I mean there's sixteen
thousand children a day dying in the
world because of hunger when we could
actually prevent it from happening today
I mean it's ludicrous who was that I
just my friend sara saara yeah we're
hanging out tonight with our friends you
should come along no I can't I've got
too much to do right now well I think it
would do you some good you might even
find someone you'd like and I mean
finding a girlfriend could be the key
for you chilling the fuck out yeah I'm
not interested why not because because
I'm just an intense person and I'm
always doing project
and I want to be in a relationship if I
can invest quality time with them and I
probably scare them off anyway I've
already done that once you know what I'm
going to say if you do nothing nothing
will happen and you've got to keep the
faith but I do have faith I just invest
it into things that matter hey miles
here well I definitely think with some
reflection we could learn a lot from
each other yeah I completely agree miles
I'm willing to make the effort shake on
it of course i am the balance of my
extremes hey everyone hope all is well
something i get asked quite a lot is
whether or not i read the comments on my
videos and I really can't stress enough
I read every single one I mean the whole
reason I make these videos is I like to
hear different opinions from different
people and this was a very personal
video for me it was about how sometimes
in life we have conflicting personality
traits so I guess my question today is
do you have any extremes in your
personalities do you have any extreme
traits which are at odds with each other
I love to hear your thoughts on that
click Subscribe if you want to be
updated with all my latest videos and if
you want to see my newest one click the
blue button i'm also on facebook and
twitter and finally leave you with two
video so check out the first has some
similar themes to this video and it's
called self-critical and if you're
wondering who the hell am I then you
might wanna check this video thank you
as always and a DA still next
