what do you think the price of human
life is how would you even define it I
mean what factors would you take into
consideration when considering such a
calculation well something I remember
very vividly was when i was at secondary
school was a christian school we used to
go down to the local church during the
holidays and the vicar once talked about
a calculation he made when considering
this question in which he took a list of
all the materials that make up the
average human the amount of potassium I
don't know what he did but he concluded
it was less than a hundred pounds and he
straightway dismissed this is the worth
of a human life surely we're worth more
than a hundred pounds and there's a lot
of different reasons for that life is
more than just the physical existence of
an individual source about the memories
they have the emotion the connection
they've had with people their abilities
their skills there are so many things
and I guess in a blunt way you know the
price of life could be determined by how
much you'd be willing to pay to see that
person for another day it is a choice
that is hypothetical to so many people
but unfortunately a harsh reality to a
few and I think it's to those many
people a reason why perhaps they do take
covers for granted but then there's also
the fact that we don't value all human
life equally do we I mean we should but
we don't and why do you think that is
perhaps it just comes down to the notion
of out of sight out of mind families
friends neighbors people within our
close proximity whose emotions and
physical presence we get to experience
it's those people who directly affect us
that matter to us most one death is a
tragedy 1 million is a statistic a very
true quote from joseph stalin because
realistically it is impossible for us as
individual human beings to mourn for
every single death
cuz on this planet
so as I throw these ideas out there you
know what is the price of human life are
you starting to feel that that question
is now irrelevant because ideally we
would live in a world where everybody
was taken care of and therefore we
wouldn't be forced to have to make this
mental hierarchy in which we decide
whose lives are worth more than others
but unfortunately it is a reality that
exists and actually occurs much more
than you may perceive as I've said
before out of sight out of mind and so
I'd like to end on a story which is an
example of this a friend of mine was
once on a train sitting next to a
businessman who looked quite sad and
therefore out of curiosity began a
conversation with him to find out why he
was and it turned out that he worked for
a car company a car company which had
found a Fault in one of their
manufactured parts therefore they
decided to recall all of the cars that
had this problem but they knew about the
problem for two years and this is why he
decided to leave the company and that's
why he was sad and the reason it took
two years was because there is a
calculation they use they find out based
on the fault in the car how many people
are likely to die as a result and
therefore they calculate how much money
would have to be paid to the families of
those that have died they then calculate
how much it would cost to recall all of
the cars that have the fault and if the
amount of money they would have to pay
the families for the deaths due to the
fault if that money was less than how
much it would cost to recall the cars
then they let people die
and they only began recalling the cars
because the balance are changed and it
was actually gonna be cheaper in the
long run to recall the cars quite
chilling if you ask me and therefore I
leave you with this thought because I
don't think we should be asking
ourselves what is the price of the human
life the question we should be asking in
society today is what causes us to ask
such a question in the first place
