step one is to create an information
database there have been many databases
created online in the past to bring
together strands of information and
present it in a coherent way however
laying out the information in a format
that links problems to solutions backed
by research has not been attempted at
least not in the way this project aims
to you I must also emphasize that this
first stage is not isolated from the
second and third stages they are all sub
projects which will complement each
other in the process of educating and
spreading awareness the information
database is not being built to bombard
people with facts and statistics but
instead to provide solutions in a way
that has relevance to the user The Venus
Project is the main inspiration for this
project as it provides a solution for
many of the world's problems but it
consists of unifying concepts and can
any one individual be expected to know
about every possible solution out there
in the world today from biology to
robotics to human behavioral psychology
no there is just so much information by
creating an information database people
will feel empowered by having the
answers they want available to them at
all times when activists are spreading
the word to others they will have more
confidence and will be more accurate and
responsible with the information they
give out currently someone may get asked
a question which they do not know the
real answer to and it's a save
embarrassment they will try to attempt
answering without any real knowledge
this is simply unhelpful with this
database the educator could put their
hand up and say hey I'm not sure about
this just give me a second and they
would have the information at their
fingertips and thus be able to provide a
concise and accurate answer we've listed
reference in to back up their claims so
therefore a wiki site was decided as
being the best way of constructing this
database it is a format many Internet
users are familiar with due to websites
like Wikipedia and it allows the
information to grow and develop as more
research comes forward proving or
disproving anything that is listed on
the site thus by having this online
organism
we can discover what problems have not
yet been tackled and what requires more
research to verbalize the layout of
these wiki pages I'm going to use the
example of gas prices at the top of the
wiki page you would have a heading why a
guest price is rising followed by a
paragraph which identifies the problem
and summarizes a solution a content box
would then follow which lists frequently
asked questions about the issue such as
what could be done to reduce gas prices
what better forms of transport could be
implemented or what other types of
energy are available clicking on one of
these questions will take you down the
page to the appropriate heading where
the questions addressed in a few
paragraphs links could be made to
additional pages on specific issues
allowing those who wish to find out more
to do so for example in the answer for
the question what other types of energy
are available the word geothermal may be
clickable taking users to a new wiki
page explaining geothermal energy in
much more detail all of these paragraphs
must be backed up with referencing
though or else the solutions provided
will not hold any real credibility with
this page structure in mind you are
allowing people to be educated as much
as they want to be whilst at the same
time encouraging them to go just that
little extra step further they may have
come across the gas prices page just to
read a simple paragraph explaining the
solution but then having seen some of
the interesting questions below they
would then explore down the page and
perhaps become inspired to find out more
and more even to the point that they do
decide to read these more extensive wiki
pages in which vast quantities of
information are listed explaining how
geothermal energy works ultimately
though we want people to read the
solutions in these wiki pages and to ask
the question why are we not doing this
now it is that questioning which will
spark critical thinking and get people
questioning their world I always mention
BBC's political panel show question time
when explaining the need for this
database as the television program
demonstrates how the public are
frustrated by politicians who are
supposed to be the problem solvers the
public are always saying something along
the lines of you said you were going to
do this and why aren't you doing this
but by empowering the population with an
information database like the one I
proposed people on this show would start
saying instead you said you were going
to do this you haven't done this this is
why and this is what you should be doing
you know surely that is a desirable
attitude for us to have but don't get me
wrong this database will take a long
time to build but it is achievable you
may not be sure what problems to tackle
first well in that case I suggest
watching the news taking the example
from earlier you may witness a news
bulletin about how gas prices are
continuing to rise so therefore you
would set up the problem page and try
and find solutions for gas prices based
on research and if this site does have
credibility society will begin to learn
that when more problems do occur they
don't have to contact their local Member
of Parliament or Congress but to go to a
website that has complete transparency
the front page of the wiki site may have
a featured article of the day which is
determined by the biggest problems
currently occurring in the world we of
course require experts in various fields
to oversee this project to ensure that
all solutions provided are accurate and
not misleading and a linguistic team who
would be able to translate these pages
into all possible languages but of
course we need the content first and it
is crucial that this first stage going
to immense them quickly as without a
growing community of contributors
interest may be lost in this project and
it will never take off if we get the
ball rolling this could become a very
powerful tool for people to use all over
the world
