this is going to be a very difficult
video for me to do just because I don't
know where to start I am currently
shaking inside because as always I do my
thing on a Thursday where I sit down in
front of TV in the evening and I watch
BBC question time in which a panel of
politicians journalists just opinionated
people discuss about the weekly issues
while members of the public throw
questions of why is this happening what
are you doing about this why are you not
putting forward a decent alternative why
aren't you showing a shadow budget to
what the current government are doing
half a million people last week
protested saying for no cuts because
there is an alternative I wonder if many
of the people who were doing that if I
was to ask them what the alternative was
if they'd actually be able to give a
concise and meaningful answer the reason
i'm doing this video is because i think
it's time for me to be open about what
i've been doing the past few months some
people have accused me of joining a cult
because i have looked into the zeitgeist
movement i have not joined the cult yep
i agree with some of the values the
zeitgeist movement advocates and The
Venus Project if you wonder what the
values are then you can look into all
that online but for me I don't follow
things blindly I've learn to become a
critical thinker to start questioning
about things in life not accepting the
way things are when you find that
something you believe is wrong that's
not a negative thing it's a good thing
because it allows you to progress better
as a human being and having worked with
the zeitgeist movement to find out what
values i do agree with and and how we
can actually help the world I've come up
with my own idea and having thought
about it in 10
sively for weeks and months now I had a
bit of an epiphany one that kind of
upset me because I feel very alone on
this I've given stories to you before
about how when I was that secondary
school I did a speech about bullying
against the system and the headmaster
couldn't expel me because the teachers
agreed with what I said I worked with
the education system saying how
technology should be provided to allow
people to express their learnings in any
way they can because surely it's
ludicrous that's spending two hours
writing an examination paper to reflect
14 weeks worth of lectures is just not a
great way of testing people there may be
some people have that have genius ideas
and genius contributions to society but
because they're better at articulating
it through words are not writing it down
they won't be seen as you know anyone
with any real merit by the system and
then I've done stuff for the Foreign
Office advice some digital diplomacy and
of course i had a therapy theory to help
people with depression which could help
millions of people for a fraction the
price today the reason I can't do it is
because if I was to do a paper on it a
business could run with it and there be
nothing I could do there was no security
there I'm not going to go on anymore
with those examples but I had an
epiphany as I said and it's the fact
that i think i have found a way we can
bring the world together I've done
things like stick aid before which is to
raise money for children in the poorest
regions of the world the UNICEF charity
is a fantastic charity and having
started five years ago on a laptop in my
bedroom and you know had about 30,000
people tuned in 500 pounds to go to the
last year in which 1.5 million zoomed-in
ave thousand was raised it shows you
what the internet can achieve and what
I've learned over the years is that
YouTube is a great platform
it's not the only place we can do stuff
you have to be able to translate what
you do on YouTube into the real world
you have to take it to the streets but
the internet is a source that people can
always rely on if you have a central
database of information people always
people will always have somewhere to
rely on an example is WikiLeaks it
doesn't matter what you think about it
because the truth is people now look
online for what's going on in the world
they don't ask the leaders of their
country and say what is going on in
other countries they find out online for
themselves and then they actually turn
to their politicians and they say this
is happening so what are you doing about
it governments have been held
accountable power to the people and I
think that is a fantastic thing and the
same thing with WikiLeaks New York Times
used to pay WikiLeaks to publish the
information but recently when WikiLeaks
got nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize
the New York Times got you know they
distance themselves from Julian Assange
the founder of WikiLeaks and the
organization and they stopped publishing
the articles they started vilifying him
saying how he's a loser etc and you know
what you want to know what I think about
it it's just my opinion but you don't
have to agree with me on this I think
it's because the New York Times realize
they were shooting themselves in the
foot because they were publishing facts
which were already available for free
online and why on earth would people
want to pay for a newspaper to read
someone's opinions on facts when you
could just go to the website WikiLeaks
dog and see the facts for yourself
there's no business in truth when it's
just made completely transparent and
people in the world deserve transparency
that's a different issue in terms of
WikiLeaks although actually there is
some relations with so how do I think
we're going to get the world together it
comes in three parts and I'm going to go
over this briefly I'm actually making
some intensive videos about this project
so if you want to stand by me on this
then please do get in touch because I
need
every one possible no matter what your
passion is in life we are all related we
are all human beings and we should all
stand by each other to ensure that the
US and them isn't about us and them
other human beings wherever they are in
the world it should be us human beings
and then being the problems such as
disease famine and economical problems
etc so the first stage is to build a
database I have started with some people
a wiki site and what it's going to do is
link problems to solutions based on a
scientific approach this means that at
the top of a page you'll have a question
a question like why a gas price is going
up and here you will have a small
paragraph that says what the problem is
with gas prices going up and a solution
to how we can solve this straight under
Neath this paragraph you would have some
FA cues questions like well what other
forms of transport are there what other
forms of energy could be used and
depending on what you click on it will
take you down the page to these headings
where the questions are addressed by
further paragraphs short paragraphs
because people in this day and age have
a short attention span but then of
course different parts of these
paragraphs are clickable if it was about
what other forms of energy could be used
apart from gas there may be saying about
geothermal energy or solar powered
energy these words would be clickable
which would take you to further articles
which are more intensive and what you're
doing there is you're allowing people to
educate themselves to the extent they
wish to be educated people around the
world and trying to indoctrinate their
ideas by pressing it on other people the
best way you can do and help the world
best way you can help the world is by
giving people the choice by providing
people with all the information so they
can make up their own mind they can
start questioning why is this not
happening because questioning is what I
think lacks in society today critical
thinking is saying that should have been
taught at my school a lot more and I'm
sure many of you will feel the same and
so they will read the first paragraph
rough and go yeah there are these
questions and then they will read that
and they will start to educate
themselves more but the fact it has to
be based on scientific approach is that
everything that is on this site needs to
be backed up by scientific research this
is so so important or else it's not
going to have credibility therefore we
can link problems into solutions not
based on political opinions and what
they're telling you when people on
question time now saying you said you're
going to do this why aren't you doing
this in there now going to start saying
you said you were going to do this you
haven't done this and this is why you
haven't done it and this is what you
should be doing power to the people and
I hate to use that phrase but i'm sure
you're with me on this so we build a
database like that it's going to take a
very very long time I need people with
expertise in different fields doing this
but then the second stage is to create
audience acquisition if you see saying
on the news like students protesting
about tuition fees that's something
current that's a problem we need to
address so on a spreadsheet you list all
the Facebook pages all the websites
everything that is relating to activist
groups that are protesting against this
particular cause you list all their
contact details how many followers they
have and we start building relationships
once the database is set up and say we
understand what you're advocating and
what you would like to protest about
these are common values with a lot of
other groups and society and we can
bring people together because with a lot
of activist groups its reactionary you
know people are dealing with poverty
what they're doing is there are poor
people there so we need to ensure that
we given the resources they need which
is always important but why don't we
look at the cause what is causing this
poverty and tackle that instead because
the course that one problem may actually
be the cause for many other problems and
if we address these issues this is how
we can bring the world together in that
sense and then the third part of the
project is the activism people take into
the streets 500 mid-feb sorry for half a
million five hundred thousand last week
took to the streets of London saying no
cuts and as I said I doubt many of the
people actually could give you a
coherent argument to what they're
proposing they're just angry they've
lost their jobs or losing their jobs
very emotional what we need to do is get
rid of this frustration in people's
minds because frustration comes from
when there is no solution in mind Egypt
is a case study I'd like to bring up
which I think holds a lot of Merit
people were protesting quite peacefully
in Egypt because they had a solution in
mind they knew what they wanted changed
they wanted president mubarak to step
down and when he said he wasn't going to
step down for a long period of time
people got angry because the solution
was no longer there he eventually
stepped down and with no government in
place just the military people packed up
and cleared up the next day and things
return to a new level of normality I
have a feeling that protests in England
are going to keep coming they're going
to be constantly occurring all over the
world as people find that governments
are struggling to deal with this
structured deficit which is just insane
so I guess what I'd like to say is I
don't some people think the system is
going to fail I say if it's going to
fail it's probably best we're just
prepared and I'm sick to death of
hearing politicians arguing about oh
we've done this the other party didn't
do this we should be working together
not on beliefs and opinions but on
scientific fact because that is
something we can all agree on in a way I
suppose you know because it will create
the best result you know natural law is
a fantastic thing it doesn't matter what
your religious belief is if you try and
run up a wall you won't be able to
because of the law of gravity and across
all religions and beliefs there are
commonalities we want to treat people as
you'd like to be treated it's expressed
in many religions and that's such a
beautiful thing that I think we all live
by even so unlike make you doesn't
follow any particular religion we should
be looking out for each other and I
think by identifying the problems and
solutions based on science and I use the
word fact very loosely
I really feel this is something that can
be done so this is actually what I've
been working on a lot lately it's what
are we spending the next Oh next few
years working on I don't know how long
it's going to take but I realized that
things like stick out a great because
it's getting money out there to those
that need it but we need to start
looking at the bigger picture here the
world is full of human beings we are all
one you know you talk about women's
problems and Jewish problems and
whatever problems there are there are
just human problems and a man called
jacque fresco said that in 1974 on an
interview which was very inspiring to me
and many other people and I hold that
daily we need to break down these
divisions these walls between countries
the internet is bringing people together
and we need to make sure information is
available to everyone so people aren't
going to work and saying all the
politicians they get paid to look after
countries so that's all right I think
that's more dangerous and actually what
we need to do is allow everyone to have
the opportunity to educate themselves as
much as they wish to be educated so
hopefully this tall hasn't bored you
I've tried to talk compost because as I
said I'm shaking inside I could have
been a lot more passionate but that
would it may have come across as
hysterical and I guess even as i'm
recording this now i'm not sure if i'm
gonna upload it but i'm just going to do
it and see what your response is there
are people who followed me on youtube a
to the past five years who stuck by all
my projects and i guess i'm also getting
shivers inside because this is the most
ambitious thing I've ever attempted and
I guess for that reason it scares me
there are a lot quite a few friends that
believe me and there are some that think
that I'm aiming for st. too ambitious so
i may say it's easier said than done to
build a database to link all problems
and solutions in the world but we've got
to start somewhere and I think if it's
going to help humanity and help these
people that are frustrated and taking to
the streets
I think that's a cause worth fighting
for information for all we all need to
be problem solvers in this world because
I guess it's getting quite messy so on
that night thank you for tuning in as
always and I hope to hear from you very
very soon IDs to the next time
