what's up epic drink time online show
where we turn drinking problems into
drinking solutions you want to sort out
your fitness but you'd love drink so
much then listen up because on the drink
shrink to start off with echo full
Chardonnay California wine as they say
if it's cali wine are you not in cali
then it shit pour it into a shaker it
makes you need to go piss now in
dedication to our brothers at Epic Meal
Time bacon vodka one for me and one for
you and one more for you at a lover
bacon bacon more baby fuck clean that
shit up a spoon for sugar helps the
medicine go down so we're gonna need a
lane
precision is key time to suck it up to
make this drink awesome fun for the kids
Charlotte then it's time to shake it
like a Polaroid picture pour it like BP
did on the Gulf of Mexico now for the
final ingredients relentless energy
drink gives you the resting heart rate
of a serial killer finish it off with a
wedge lead the Warren restricts your
blood vessels while the energy drink
makes your heart pump faster doctors
verdict it's a damn shame but that's ok
cuz I'm not a pussy now to save the
animals
delicious it's time to clean up
next time we drink the blood of Christ
