hi everyone 2011 had a great start to
the year I know I did Sunday Monday
Tuesday Wednesday happy Thursday night
having flu is definitely not why I had
planned for the first week now growing
up I always believed when it came to
feeling good about yourself it all
depends on just one factor in there your
mind it didn't matter how fit you were
if you had the right mental preparation
if you were that determined to go the
full distance you could achieve it and
about five years ago I did the great
north run 13 miles I completed it but
one thing I didn't do was trained for
the event and when you do these sort of
things you are recommended to train
because it is said after all that the
sport that most people die in is long
distance running but I sincerely thought
that if I turned up with a positive
mental attitude I was able to do it but
yeah okay I did do it and I did it in
two hours which is actually a really
good time but that's not the point I
still love my lesson because at the end
of it I felt like death and to be honest
that was the last proper exercise I ever
did during my first year at university I
signed up to the University gym which
was literally two minutes walk from my
apartment how many times have I go in
the air just once smiles you're a
disgrace ah ok they need to beat myself
up about it all right I mean I've
already learned my lesson which is
actually why I'm doing this video so
just bear with me miles and I'm talking
to myself now like usual so I regard
myself as a mentally strong person but
actually to flip my old theory around I
feel to be an even stronger person
mentally I need to be physically fit I
want to dedicate a day every week to
deal with my mental and physical
well-being healthy gbagbo that sounds
maybe a bit too full feel good Monday's
yeah my great must get healthy or an
apple will come into your room and cut
you Monday what you're not feeling the
name
no me neither so I thought I'd list what
I plan to do I've joined a gym again but
this time I'm definitely going to do it
and how am I so sure because I joined
with my brother I think it's reasonable
to assume that if you have a gym partner
you're more likely to go but we're going
to the gym comes healthy eating and
that's something I've always struggled
with because with busy days I always end
up using ready meals and it's just so so
terrible so if any of you know any
really good recipes of quick but healthy
food to have which also taste good
that's very important then please let me
know I don't know if this is actually
going to work but I know Nintendo has
one of these brain games I'm sure it's
not called that but on the PlayStation
free there is brain challenge and it
just gives you lots of different tests
so I'm going to give that a go every day
to just try and keep my mind active I'm
actually going to also take time out to
meditate I've got some great music on my
computer so I'm going to just chill to
that and just switch off I've decided
monday is it going to be when I do all
my paperwork sorting out all my bills my
invoicing because I'm self-employed it's
stuff that does stress me out but I feel
that if I just get it all done in one
day or free up the rest of the week and
do me good in the long run which
includes house cleaning my room than my
studio it's a complete mess right now
I'm glad you can't see it and finally
something else I really want to do is
spend some quality time reading the
letters you have sent me this box is
absolutely filled with letters from I
wanted to read the letters when I
actually had some time to properly
immerse myself in what people said me
but with the craziness of my world last
year I never really got time to do it
and I felt terrible so I promise that on
mondays now I'm actually going to spend
a good hour I'm going through it right I
better get started oh and in case you're
wondering what the name of the monday is
because the three earlier were just a
joke well perhaps you should read the
title of the video and if you want an
explanation because it's about me
helping me and also it stands for meme
because hopefully it won't be just me
doing it it will pass on and everyone
else will be trying to better themselves
physically immense
me too so um remember that I I do have
some good ideas from time to time honest
but
