hey everyone hope all is well this past
week I have researched an outline so
many potential video ideas but with
something quite important coming over
the horizon it felt only right that I
put these pieces aside and spoke about
Trump's inauguration instead the US
president is seen by many as leader of
the free world therefore the choice of
the American people is not just their
concern but one to all global citizens
whether you voted for him or not he is
the president a president who campaigned
on the promise that he would make a
positive difference to the lives of so
many ordinary Americans not just the
rich elite or the political
establishment and so with people coming
at this from so many different
perspectives I have identified five
things I believe we could all focus on
for the next four years
number one engage there are so many
people who feel depressed and
disillusioned by the current political
landscape they want to look away but
this is not an option or at least not
one that achieves anything constructive
Desmond Tutu once said if you are
neutral in situations of injustice you
have chosen the side of the oppressor if
an elephant has its foot on the tail of
a mouse and you say that you are neutral
the mouse will not appreciate your
neutrality facing ugly realities can be
uncomfortable I've always believed
though that the truth sometimes hurts
but I like to regard that as growing
pains if you do nothing nothing will
happen
besides potentially helping create a
vacuum for others to fill who may not
have your best interests at heart
so engage with the issues at hand you
may think what can I do well this brings
us to point number two number two
support look up charities and
organizations whose values you share and
reach out for example the ACLU for civil
liberties Planned Parenthood for women's
rights the Natural Resources Defense
Council for the environment the Human
Rights Campaign for LGBTQ rights the
National Immigration Law Center for the
rights of immigrants or perhaps an
independent media organization or a
political party or a movement if you are
unable to donate money then why not
donate some
of your time instead only got $1 or five
minutes to spare
then understand that a small
contribution can lead to a big
difference when you consider that
hundreds of thousands of people may be
in the same situation that you are in
there is strength in numbers if you are
unable to get out and attend rallies or
an organization's event watch live
streams online sign up to the relevant
websites or even just have conversations
with family friends neighbors or
strangers about the things that you
believe in which brings us to point
number three number three stick to the
issues so much time and energy gets
wasted on throwing around labels in an
attempt to pigeonhole opponents in
political discourse I can't stand it
which is why I try my very best not to
engage in such inject ideas and not
labels into the conversation because it
signals an intent to make progress with
those you are speaking to and not to
just defend a position leftists
right-wingers sjw's bigots whatever
label means different things to
different people
it also allows the most extreme behavior
carried out by individuals of said label
to characterize everyone else generating
drama that is not truly reflective of
the reality
I've actually got a big video coming out
soon about labels but for now I'll just
say this try and have a conversation
without using labels give it a go it's
may require taking a little extra time
to make your points but you may have
more success in the long run ultimately
labels can be a method for venting
frustration but it's the ideas
themselves that can achieve positive
change number four intellectual honesty
we need to break free from this
traditional view that in order to make
progress
you can't concede anything to those who
oppose the past eight years I have been
shunned or looked down upon by some
Obama supporters for criticizing things
like the taking of corporate money the
expansion of the surveillance States
going after whistleblowers or the
assassination program now if these same
people start criticizing Trump for the
issues I just mentioned this reveals a
classic example of intellectual
dishonesty
we need to outgrow
this culture because paths and politics
often stifles honest conversations let's
say you voted for Donald Trump and he
puts forward a policy that you don't
agree with you have every right to
oppose it at the same time if you don't
support him and he proposes a policy
that you do agree with then don't cut
off your nose to spite your face this
attitude should also take place in
everyday life with your fellow citizens
if you see someone being attacked or
abused in public then do what you can to
stop it or at the very least speak out
no matter what the political background
may be of the perpetrator or the victim
intellectual honesty can pave the way
for moral consistency number 5
accountability technology is a beautiful
thing d centralizing information and the
means by which we can act on it so
utilize the internet to learn about the
politicians who are supposed to
represent you and your communities this
is about more than just Donald Trump
here's a few websites to check out
you've trapped us lets you see the
voting records of senators and
congressmen who is my representative
calm will tell you the contact details
of your elected officials and
opensecrets.org shows you who is giving
and taking money in the political system
if a policy or vote comes up that
bothers you phone them will send an
email attend a town hall or a community
meeting this all helps build a culture
of accountability across the political
system and gives elected officials and
opportunity to better reflect the wishes
of their constituents money may be able
to buy advertising space and influence
but it is no match to a public that is
informed and engaged so with all that
said stay engaged support others stick
to the issues have intellectual honesty
and keep those in power to account
please comment with your thoughts click
that like button and share this with
anyone you know who is currently
wondering about US politics if you are
watching this and new to my videos hello
I post videos on here every week so I
hope you'll stick around and finally I
am only able to make these thanks to
your amazing support so if you have a
dollar spare please visit patreon.com
forward slash miles dire and become a
patron today
I have so many exciting plans once I've
reached my target keep fighting the good
fight and I will see you next week a DA
still next time
