is this hair a result of stress or just
the fact i'm lazy perhaps it was a bit
of both i want to explain what you're
about to see before i actually show it
back in 2008 i launched a new channel
called suck my mock it was a new online
show i had in mind which was my
satirical take with video blogging an
online community very cynical humor very
tongue-in-cheek but in a way that
celebrated what is great and what is not
so great about content on the internet
unfortunately every episode took me
about 24 hours to make because i had to
script it present it i had to film it i
had to edit it i had to research here
yet permissions for the clips are used
and this was all very difficult because
i did it on a weekly basis and because i
was doing the third year of my
university degree it was just too much
however earlier this year when i was
working for BBC comedy I made this brand
new pilot for them but when I showed him
this in a meeting I was told it was
great but unfortunately due to job cuts
I was no longer working for the BBC and
so I wanted to post this online but I
was told not to because I might still be
working with them on this but
unfortunately that was never meant to be
and I guess if I find the team of people
who want to work on this show with me in
future then perhaps suck my mock will be
making a return so yeah I hope you enjoy
it hello and welcome to suck my mock
this week more possessed Twilight fans
invade the YouTube community and oh my
god I'm so excited crabstickz suddenly
forgets how to swallow
the world's worst Christopher Walken
Impressionists gets overexcited about
well something so I really appreciate it
if you guys would go watch it and read
it and touch yourself while watch while
watching and mr. safety once again
invites us to another one of his
interactive sex games we don't know what
the hell we're doing half the time so we
figured today we're gonna do the same
exact thing we're gonna let you guys
choose what we're working with so here's
what we've got a pirate hat a monkey
suit duct tape a giant key now this
brings us to our first main feature
Elle's glitter gossip one of the many
fashion girls on YouTube who is sharing
their self-opinionated bullshit at
pearls of wisdom hey guys so I wanted to
do a vlog but I didn't have any like
ideas about what to do them on oh ok
ales I just thought suck my mock was
gonna be a bit longer than that so i got
a request to do five facts i canceled my
cab guys appear she's ready now hey um
bracelets jingle one well take him off
then I had a request to do five facts
because i did a seven facts video it was
a long time ago was over the summer and
so someone wanted to know five more el
fax well come on in else phosphites come
on for fax number one I hate scary
movies I used to love them and then one
day you hated them something in me
snapped and I can't see them anymore
wasn't your retina by any chance i
really like trusted in these old and
troy there are certain movies i can do
it with but honestly like I can't stand
scary movies oh yeah I know I totally
relate to that because for me I hate
comedies except for that one comedy and
what was it Schindler's List oh I still
like his feel like I want to cover up my
TV sometimes because of the ring like
that girl haunts my dreams yeah and
sometimes I'd like to cover my computer
screen with my sperm sorry that was
really sexist I'm really sorry girls I'm
not sexist am I girls no I'm not sexist
um no right back number two I've soft
diagnosed myself with a problem with
dyslexia but only with certain words
like words you can't spell yeah no I'm
the same i'm dyslexic to with words i
can't spell words like travesty
train wreck when I was little I couldn't
spell the word because or the word does
I would get the EMS switched on dies and
the a and the you switched in because or
something ve CAU yea the a in the you
fact number three when I was little
there was this one time where I think I
had to go somewhere that I didn't want
to go to the spelling bee fact number
four when I was little a lot of me start
out with when I was little I might
please remember to little baby squirrels
fell out of the street shoes fact number
five I think I was a really really
really naive child and some things
obviously never change I mean God what's
with all these lists anyway who makes
stuff like this fact number one no no no
next okay fat number two no next number
three no not my next next feature next
feature sorry about that um now moving
away from the world of glitter and to
the world of Narnia we meet amazingphil
who this week talks about how he banged
his head and therefore is acting kind of
peculiar hi guys hey guys hey guys hey
oh hi hi hi hi hi hello Phil will you
been up to lately this week I've spent a
lot of time on a train oh you mean like
a commuter ah how intriguing digo on
every time I get on a train I hit my
head on the luggage rack it's like oh
and that explains why you keep
forgetting to watch your head every time
use a train yeah I see pointed out sat
next to a guy who was doing a su doku
while making this noise yeah but yeah he
should given himself grades for his
pseudo few efforts although it was so
funny ten out of ten a excellent and you
kept the newspaper the man wrote on wow
you really banged your head haven't you
I mean I'm surprised you haven't started
doing some form of weird ritual or
something
okay I'm not surprised really i'm
guessing a small voice in your head told
you to do that right but the main that
comment was Phil you should put the
peeps in a microwave I write some random
online told you to do it okay oh I'll
keep that in mind yes just have a look
here miles go kill a dog no and this
weekend I had a memory which is I think
why I'm being haunted by crazy ghosts
demons yep definitely banged your head
also big thanks to Josh and Chris who
sent me a big box from New Zealand yeah
I'm gonna try some Tim can hmm if I
catch off the tee nice a penguin biscuit
I'm gonna give this eight out of 10 and
after dissing a man who rated his own
newspaper you're now rating a biscuit
which was a gift it's ludicrous men
what's this side oh shit shit is no
thanks a lot a bit belated but uh
appreciated nonetheless cheers man well
that is quite something that is quite
lima take it back to our tenure well
that's what we got time for this week on
suck my knock thank you for tuning in
and in case you're wondering what was in
this box thinks that I rated two out of
ten it was actually once one second
withheld number I should relieve had
this switched off sorry hello Elle's
yeah it's miles hey din cool what you up
to I wanted to do a vlog but I didn't
have any like ideas about what to do
them on well you know like how long ago
like last summer you did those seven
facts oh I'm not doing over 50 you're
not sure if you have any more
interesting facts well that didn't stop
you before did it you'll be fine okay
all right now as elves okay bye yeah
yeah bye yeah you hang up
haha bless her where would she be
without me but what was that key
necklace about anyway doesn't matter um
take Carol see you soon thanks to
everyone for watching as always I'd love
to hear your feedback if you enjoyed
this and would like to see the old
episode to suck my mock then feel free
to click away and if you're on Facebook
why not join the suck my rock fan page
at it is till next time
