well other debate creating plenty of
buzz online today is the YouTube rich
list new research has revealed the names
of ten of the highest earning performers
writers and producers on the video
sharing websites internet video analyst
TubeMogul have done the research and
they say the top ranking video bloggers
have earned more than 65,000 pounds each
in the last 12 months or joining us in
the studio here is video blogger miles
Dyer good evening to you and also in
central London Chris Dale from YouTube
miles come to you in just a second so I
want to go to our guest Chris over there
in central London good evening to you
thank you for joining us on the show a
lot of people will be surprised that
YouTube users make any money that's all
yeah you know I think I think that's a
fair assessment or surprise I guess but
I think in general what what's really
happening is at least on YouTube we're
seeing an increased amount of users all
over the world starting to really make
some great money from the YouTube
Partner Program which was actually
started about three years ago in fact in
2009 we tripled the amount of revenue
generated from ads to partners so right
now the momentum seems to be in our
favor and we're really excited to see
our partner succeed because when our
partners succeed we succeed I just
briefly just to explain how people make
money on YouTube how the users make
money is that funded is it the revenue
model really comes out of the ads that
are served against a particular partners
content so an advertiser will will opt
to serve ads against say shane dawson
who's one of the more popular users on
the site and then the revenue that's
generated from the ads are split between
YouTube and the partner and the partner
all cases always fits the app majority
already okay Chris hang on there we're
gonna bring in miles Dyer who's in the
studio good evening to you thank you for
joining us you've got your own YouTube
channel that's it what's it cool blade
376 I do a mixture anything from
philosophy to comedy I like to keep it
buried okay well let's see yeah I see
what you do let's play a little bit
myself I'm 23 years old and I live in
England just outside London I have a
huge fear of spiders I've been held at
gunpoint
the first band I ever saw life was Duran
Duran and I loved pretty popular a
YouTube channel the question is I guess
have you made any cash out of it
um no not enough I mean over the past
four years I can't have to specify what
I've made but if you compare that to
what I spend on cameras what I spend on
all my expenses to you know go to the GG
gatherings I'm around the world and I'm
getting nothing however what I am
getting are priceless experiences I've
had Gordon Brown do a video response to
me I've managed to help the government
with certain initiatives they've had
with video blog in the education service
you know these are things that would
have only have happened through the
internet and for YouTube so for that I
am grateful question up with Chris
actually because it you know unlike its
sites like eBay there's probably not a
way to make for individuals to make a
profit out of this is there are you seen
there's no way to make a profit mile
smiles are saying it in terms of his
experience is that you know the
incomings incomings and outgoings for
running a video blog site by the time
he's paid for the cameras and set up
he's not actually making enough money
out of YouTube to make a profit yeah you
know I think I think miles is one
specific case but I think that there are
many many partners in fact we have
hundreds of partners that are making
thousands of pounds a month on YouTube
so it really just depends some sometimes
people do it for the love of just
sharing their ideas and connect
with people and engaging with the
community in other in other ways that
actually translates into into a good
living so you know although miles may be
investing a lot in the camera equipment
and whatnot I think in general what
we're seeing with a lot of partners is
that the revenue is increasing they're
they're growing their audience over time
and they're just very very smart about
the marketing and just the general way
that they're building their brand online
I mean I see I see partners every day
that are not only making money from the
ads on their content but they're selling
t-shirts and they're and they're doing
360 degrees of the business and the
barrier for entry is just so much lower
so much lower today than it was before
let's be optimistic miles let's be
optimistic on what the top guy here
makes $315,000 there's potential there
isn't there is and it'd be interested if
you can respond with a percentage of
those people that are actually making
profit from AD I mean he specifies that
people of course making money through
t-shirts but we're not talking about
t-shirts here we're talking about
Adsense the adverts that people get from
being partners on YouTube so we're
talking specifically because what Google
are doing here is they're taking a cut
from companies that want to advertise on
YouTube and then they're giving a
percentage to people that are making
content and I'm not saying it's a bad
thing
I think YouTube's great we have the
privilege to broadcast ourselves we get
free servers to do it on so you know I'm
not complaining for what I have but I
think that we need to be realistic here
the majority of people who are partners
aren't making profit but I guess that is
the point though Chris that you guys are
for a long time provided free service
faced a lot of bandwidth for free people
can't expect to make huge amounts of
cash can they our future yeah I mean
that's exactly it I think that as Miles
points out we're a platform for for the
world to express themselves and connect
with
people at the end of the day there are
going to be people like Myles who invest
a lot and don't necessarily make money
but as I said earlier we're seeing a lot
of momentum we've seen a lot of growth
in the amount of revenue that's paid out
for partners I think two three years ago
if you had gone to any of the founders
or any of the folks at YouTube and said
these folks that were putting uploading
videos from their bedroom and just
connecting and communicating with an
audience would be making you know even
three or four figures a year I think
they would be surprised and now to see
partners as I said making thousands of
dollars a month it's a good sign so you
know Myles yes it's unfortunate that
that that not everybody can connect the
money but I think give it give it some
time the partner program is going to
continue this on YouTube we're out of
time Chris Dale from the site YouTube
thank you very much Myles diet also in
central London thank you very much sure
you're in the studio here thank you when
you make loads of cash come back take a
couple days
okay next two stories you're searching
for on the Sky News website
