now another debate creating plenty of
buzz online today is the claim that
young people may be forced to change
their real-life names to cover up an
online past Google's chief executive
Eric Schmidt is warning that so much of
teenage life is now documented on sites
like Facebook and it could affect
people's lives and careers when they get
older
well well people are uploading an
enormous amount of their private lives
what they do who they know what they've
gone to see and they're putting it out
on these social networking sites even
embarrassing photos stories about nights
out and it's very easy for employers who
can access these things to see what
you're doing and they can use it against
you they can build up a picture of you
without meeting you and that's a very
dangerous position to be in
I really don't think young people are
aware of what they're doing and the the
simple issue is that people haven't
explained to them how important privacy
is and the Internet is not a private
place it's a public domain and once you
put it out there it's very difficult to
get it back well are they right joining
a social media expert Joshua March and
video blogger mile stars with me here in
the studio touching a second mass let's
go Joshua first do you share Eric
Schmidt's concerns that there's simply
too much about you and me going on sites
like Facebook no the opposite actually
in fact the evidence shows that young
people are becoming more and more savvy
about privacy controls on places like
Facebook and they're quickly learning
how to control their own identity and
more and more Facebook is being used as
an identity provider around the web so
that whatever their actions they take
anywhere is being connected to their
real identity in their learning to use
privacy controls in order to control who
can see who can see their content and
learning to be able to turn that off
when they want to and I actually think
that if Google is going to have to learn
to start respecting those privacy
controls and if they don't it's going to
be them who are going to be in trouble
later on not the kids well are you
suggesting they do to the moment at the
moment it's just the whole ecosystem is
it's still quite young and the privacy
controls are growing in their usage and
growing in their usage around the web
and I think over the next five to ten
years Google is going to have to work
closely with the social platforms to
make sure that they integrate the same
kind of privacy controls and respect
when users turn do turn things off
there's a look a bit of looking over the
electronics
it's of envy at Facebook from Google's
point of view isn't it I mean there's
all sorts of rumors they might be trying
again to build their own social network
but look they know a hell of a lot about
this if you use Gmail or anything else
they've no doubt how to look at all the
words involved in every email you've
ever written absolutely and they do use
that for their advertising targeting and
I'm a big fan of Google as a company but
they haven't correct the social space
and I think they rightly are very
worried about the future and this sounds
a bit like a fearful remark in the users
and you know human beings are never
going to start changing their names to
make Google happy I don't think he was
arguing that but it's talking about
miles died here great site miles and you
just you literally tell the world about
you and about your life correct and
you're not ashamed of that at all no I
mean I think in life there's always
discretion and you know I don't just
tell everything I mean if I'm talking
about personal things in my life if it
involves other people then I'll use
discretion if when you're out and about
with people you'd be careful what you
say because you may offend someone we're
saying you're gonna say and I just think
that with what Google have been saying
it's just kind of stating the obvious I
mean if we look back when the internet
was first getting big with these social
networks the issue was be careful who
you meet because they're all pedophiles
for example and the truth is that's not
the case that's one extreme and they
kind of build out from there to the
normality and it's the same in this case
of course there are examples in which
people are ruthless and do you give out
their address and that and there are
consequences but if you post what are
the arguments that Eric Schmidt is
tapping into is the sort of permanency
of it there's an assumption here that
all our stuff will stay online forever
now that may or may not be the case but
here's the thing you see your photos
from when you had your 16th birthday
party your stuff a generation ago
wouldn't nobody would ever see them
again
right in your mum and dad's house and
that's it yes now pull all that stuff
and everything prank you ever pulled at
University when you were drunk it's now
exposed for the whole world to see
it wouldn't be me drunk but yeah I know
in the general basis but I think the
point is videos are a window snapshot in
time yeah and which is the same as
photographs but the difference is with
videos people are watching a real
in the present so four years ago I've
done videos where I express a particular
opinion or philosophy about life and
people watching that four year old video
will think that's what I think now and I
just think it's like anything in life
you would change the details on your
Facebook page you know when things
change where you live that look the area
in which you live but in terms of my
videos if there's think I don't agree
with I just do a new video and update it
and you delete the old thing and if
people are going to take it out of
context that's for people's discretion
to use when they're viewing it because
if I've said st. 4 years ago look at the
original source I've still got my
channel in YouTube if people want to see
what I've presently said they can't
question me about it check it out then
isn't there a point about this defense
which sort of says look that was then
this is now and enlightened employers
aren't really going to worry about a
photo of some hijinks taken ten years
ago absolutely and I think right now
there's probably a fear from essentially
some of the older generation who aren't
yet on these platforms but as more and
more people of all ages become on these
platforms and become more savvy and and
it used to Facebook and you know that
the employers in ten years they're going
to be the people who now were posting
those those photos and so it's I think
it's going to become more socially
normal and acceptable to have you
embarrassing things in the past that
people know so final thought to both of
you there are companies now offering to
wipe your existence off the web by going
through it trawling it and trying to
delete you would you ever buy into that
Joshua no no no I'm the June I wouldn't
you wouldn't see any need to you gotta
stay true to yourself you know yeah all
right and you take it all from beginning
to end that's it good to talk to you
gentlemen thank you both very much
indeed now letting the stories you've
been searching for on the website today
