toy light is a vampire bass romance
novel by Stephenie Meyer and the story
compromises of full novels Twilight New
Moon eclipses and Breaking Dawn so the
series is primarily told through the
perspective of a teenage girl called
Bella and on her first day in class she
encounters a mysterious young handsome
man called Edward Cullen a car almost
hits her Edward comes along and saves
Bay Bella wants to get to know Edward
and actually finds out he's a vampire
they fall in love
meet James everyone a sadistic vampire
now he hunts humans for sports
therefore the coloured family keep
better in a hotel for safety but she
receives a phone call from James he says
he's captured her mother
therefore Bella surrenders herself then
Edward comes along kills James saves the
day Bella explains how she wants to
become a vampire but Edwards like oh so
now let's begin New Moon the story
begins with Edward and his family
leaving Forks because they believe they
endanger Bella Bella becomes depressed
Bella gets cheered up by Jacob who turns
out to be a werewolf and due to some
miscommunication Edward believed that
Bella had killed herself being so sad he
flew to yet you guessed it Italy where
there was the royal family of the
vampires who'd the Volturi and this is
because they are the only people that
can actually kill Edward and as Edward
is just about to die better comes along
and stops him but as they leave the
Volturi tell Edward
you can't let better stay alive unless
he becomes a vampire and he's like yeah
back at the forks Edwards family vote in
favor of Bella transforming into a
vampire but Jacob had always said that
if that comes by another human their
treaty would be over Story number three
eclipse when hanging out with Jacob
better find out that she quite fancies
her and a few days later Edward proposes
in Seattle Washington there had been a
string of murders which were caused by
newborn vampires so Edward and his
family Jacob and his Wolf Pack and
goblins and their group join forces to
take on the newborns so Edward Jacob and
Bella are hiding in the mountains Jacob
really fancies Bella steel so he offers
to sacrifice himself but Bella stops him
by much he realized she loves to
as well the newborns however find them
but Edward manages to destroy a mold she
realizes that she prefers Jacob more the
final novel Breaking Dawn so Bella and
Jacob got married but during their
honeymoon it was cut short because Bella
had discovered her fur was falling out
ie losing her wolf powers team Edward
come along to try and rescue Bella Jacob
in the wolf pack fights him off Jacob
used his wolf powers to pick up a tree
and heat through it
Bella rushes over to die in Edward and
he admits to Bella that she's in fact a
vampire because while she was sleeping
he actually bit her neck yes Jacob had
tricked Bella by super gluing carpet to
her body so she thought she was a wolf
Bella
screams and flies off into the distance
and that ladies and gentlemen is the
Twilight Saga
in three minutes
