hi my name is miles daya and I thought
I'd take this opportunity to tell you a
little bit about myself I'm 23 years old
and I live in England just outside
London I have a huge fear of spiders
I've been held at gunpoint
the first band I ever saw life was Duran
Duran and I love them my favorite color
is blue and my main passions in life are
doing anything creative I like to write
music poetry and lyrics but my main
passion in life is people as long as I
live somewhere where I where I have the
necessities I have somewhere to sleep I
have somewhere to wash and cook that's
all I need because as long as people are
happy I'm happy
I'd say I've been very lucky growing up
I've had great parents who have given me
a lot of support and still do today when
I was at school I was always the kid
that would sit on the side and school
discos and proms weld the rest of the
room dance together with girls they were
never interested in me
I guess I was just a bit of an outcast
in that sense in terms of friends I was
always someone who didn't hang around
with a particular group of people
because I like meeting people from all
walks of life and I did get on with
anyone but the downside with that is
when it came to parties and Acadians who
get-togethers I was never invited
because I never gelled particularly well
with any one particular group some of
the hardest things I've had to deal with
in life ah seeing people destroy
themselves who I've tried to help and
realize that there's nothing else I
could do letting go I think that's
called to describe my character I guess
I'm someone who's very wide on spectrums
of anything whether it's a motion
sometimes I'm very happy and sometimes I
can feel very sad other times I can be
very serious and in depth with what I
speak about and other times it can be
very crazy and immature for me contrast
makes life so much more interesting when
it comes to music I like music from all
genres I love it when John was mix up
and I guess in terms of stuff like heavy
metal the music I really like in that is
where there's heavy vocals and melodic
it's that contra
when it comes to what I wear I like
wearing black and white a lot I've only
ever had one girlfriend in my life
because I never wanted to go into a
relationship unless my heart was truly
there and she lived at the upside the
world in Seattle and distance wasn't an
issue to me we made it work
knew each other for a year and a half I
was 21 when I lost my virginity
but unfortunately my one and only
girlfriend in life cheated
three days later I recently just came
back from Boston visiting my parents
there and when I went out clothes
shopping I decided to get Saint which I
thought was awesome and quirky although
my mom really hated me getting it and
this is it white jacket so what do you
think I'd be interested to hear your
thoughts is it working cool or is it
quirky strange and just plain awful i'ma
wear this for the rest of the video now
I think well one of my all-time favorite
albums is controller by misery signals
and in one of the songs it has the line
rehearsing who we think we are and I
just think that's a beautiful line about
how we are as human beings we're a
journey of our own experiences when you
go to a party you know how to act
because of previous experience of
etiquette knowing how to act in that
situation and something I think that's
important in life is being yourself so
when I say rehearsing who we think we
are is that a bad thing well no because
we're always trying to find out who we
are but there's a difference between
that and putting on a front and being
conscious that what you are doing in
life is not true to yourself when making
these videos my goal has always been to
make people have faith in themselves and
in others but sometimes in life even
those who do have a lot of
self-confidence do lose sight of that so
I definitely have recently some of you
may know that I set up a secondary
channel called miles Dyer TV recently
and it was for my comedy videos and my
more entertaining ones because I felt
that perhaps they conflict with the more
serious and meaningful videos that I do
on this channel I'm not doing that
channel anymore and I guess I wanted to
declare that today I am going to be
keeping it on this channel because the
reason I set up this channel was to
broadcast myself to be true to myself
I'm not always serious
you know sometimes I like to joke around
to make people laugh and if you ever
have any questions you want to ask me
about life about saying trivial you can
do because I've started a new podcast
show called podcast 376 and all the
details are in the description and it's
a daily podcast so keep checking back
and please do also get involved in the
discussion because it's not just about
what I think it's about a collective
learning experience and we can all learn
from each other and I think that's one
of the fundamental things I stand by
with everything I do so I just want to
end this video saying hi my name is
Miles Dyer and I believe in myself
and you should believe in yourself too
because the reality is if I didn't
believe in myself and didn't stay true
things could be very very different
hi my name is Maya dire and I really
like Miley Cyrus
