hey everyone hope all is well and that
you had a wonderful transition into 2017
I'm feeling inspired and raring to go
especially after all the kind messages
I've received following my end of year
videos so thank you for all of them a
new year can provide us with a great
mental foundation to reflect on recent
times and to look ahead with new goals
and ambitions and so to help you with
that today I wanted to share with you
one of the most valuable experiences
that cognitive behavioral therapy taught
me last year during my penultimate
session my therapist asked me a question
which at first glance didn't seem that
significant and it was this what is it
to be in a good place the more I thought
about the question the more I realized
that there were multiple ways of
answering it as I gave my first answer
the therapist asked me to plot it as a
metaphorical flag post at one end of a
spectrum
she then followed up with the question
and what would it mean to be in a bad
place
this repeated as I began to develop a
list of spectrums to be in a good place
at one end and to be in a bad place at
the other each having their own theme or
heading the first one I came up with the
theme was called than now and to be in a
good place on this spectrum is to enjoy
the moment for what it is whereas to be
in a bad place is where you're over
obsessing about the future or the past
you worry so much about it that you are
detached from the moment that you could
be enjoying I'm sure some of you out
there will relate to that the second
theme is actually built upon the first
one and it is momentum so to be in a
good place is moving in a constructive
direction no matter how small the
essence of momentum maybe you feel like
you're making progress whereas to be in
a bad place is feeling stuck and
comparing the moment to a timeline that
isn't so I mentioned this in my video
the wave where if things are going
slowly I was imagining where I'd be in
life right now if I hadn't had my head
injury
I feel like I'm trying to catch up with
that time line when I actually just need
to let go because this is the one I'm
living in the third one is very simple
the theme is feeling so to be in a good
place
content relaxed and in control to be in
a bad place
anxious stressed and out of control I'll
do just a couple more and outsider this
is actually a huge theme that has run
through my life I'll start with being in
a bad place first so that is to feel
like I'm outside of the mainstream
therefore missing out whether that is on
big events being outside a mainstream
community or even in terms of friendship
groups when I was at school I was always
a bit of an outcast then whereas to be
in a good place when it comes to being
an outsider is to be creative meet new
people and actually embrace the
opportunities that come with going in
your own direction and when I think
about a lot that has happened to me the
past 10 years and especially with the
the new business venture I'm doing
that's definitely true so I feel like
I'm in a good place and I'll end on this
one
self-compassion so to be in a bad place
is to be self-critical in a way that is
beyond constructive whereas to be in a
good place is to be forgiving learning
to let go and moving on but not in a way
that is letting you off the hook you
know it's about finding that healthy
balance so this led to the creation of a
10 item list it doesn't have to be 10 it
can be more or less than that I highly
recommend trying this yourself and I
think it's important to note that this
isn't just for people with depression
and mental health issues
we are very complicated biological
machines in a very complicated world and
sometimes it's good just to take a step
back and breathe and look at what is
important to you in life and what makes
you happy and even if you're not in a
bad place if you know what the ideal
good place would be and plotting out
that spectrum you can at least work out
the direction of travel at first it can
be quite prescriptive where
every two weeks you will sit down with
the list and go through it thinking
about where you are with each theme and
spectrum and then it extends to every
month but eventually it just becomes a
variety of value systems that you are
mindful of on a day to day basis which
is where I am right now so I'm curious
to know what you made of my suggestions
did any of them speak to you and if you
are giving this a go you may find there
are similarities between your list of
mine or you may come up with a
completely different one I'd love to
hear your thoughts in the comments
because I think by talking about these
things you do learn off each other and
you may post something that I go
actually know I can relate to that I
think I will add it to mine and I'll
actually put my full list alongside my
video for anyone who is interested in
reading it and if you'd like to see
other videos I've made on mental health
and well-being I would recommend the
wave and unhelpful thinking habits these
are two videos I will link at the end of
this please give this video a like as it
helps get it seen by other people it's
just the way the algorithm works and
please share this with anyone you know
who may find this interesting or helpful
and finally I'd like to give a huge
thank you to all of you who tuned in to
my live stream the other day on both
YouTube and Facebook in which I unveiled
my battle plan for 2017 my hopes of
building a media organization that is
based around the education of value
systems it is both for scary but
exciting time and the support that you
give me is so inspirational and what
really blew my mind was there in the
following 24 hours after that livestream
the revenue that was coming in from
patreon went up by just under 50% which
is absolutely incredible so thank you
thank you thank you to all of you who
pledged what a great start to the year
I'm really looking forward to hearing
your thoughts on what it is to be in a
good place and in a bad place and how
that sits as a spectrum and I will see
you next week a DA til next time
you
