right so i'm in la at VidCon and as some
of you saw my tweets yesterday I wasn't
having the greatest time ever it was
because well I had a bit to drink and
been at VidCon I was quite cynical with
the fact that it was very business based
I would have liked to have talked to
admit because I felt that you know this
whole community movement thing if I've
always just wanted to help the world
spread you know love and hope and
inspiration and vidcom actually was the
first one I thought that maybe that's an
era coming to an end it was sort of an a
vision which would have been nice and
unfortunately commercialism and fame is
what is really important to people but
I've met some great people and I've had
some great conversations today a friend
of mine called Andrew and Emerson and
here my friends like Jordan just have a
quick explanation of what your cause is
about yeah sure yeah I am from Canada
and I my organization or associations
called compassion peas org and we are
trying to again inspire people to to
encourage each other and share your
share your your stories and your writing
and your thoughts and your feelings in a
non-judgmental environment that and yeah
it's really trying to I guess it really
opened up and expose people for who they
are but not not having the world like
condemn it or distort it in any way
keeping it very pure and allowing people
to be sharing that love and that pure
essence in a I guess you know yeah I
guess it's just that that pure
inspiration is what we're looking for
it's difficult to find these days and I
was so blessed that I came all the way
in from Canada to to meet miles because
I've been watching his videos and I have
been inspired by him as well and it just
shows that there are people out there it
really showed me that there are people
out there working to try make a
difference and if we can all work
together I think that like the
difference is already there you know I
mean and I love this guy like I think
he's a fantastic person and and as I've
always said like inspiration is a
two-way system like when someone like
Jesus you've been inspired yeah it makes
me feel better to keep doing what I'm
doing and dice versus everything exactly
and it's a multiplier effect and it can
only get better and as I said in my last
video guys about VidCon about what makes
me feel good to be alive it's talking
with respectful people who do have
common goals and being out there in the
open and look at that view they're just
unbelievable really and I just want to
finish this video by saying that
yesterday i was on a bit of a downer the
past year i felt quite lost in life I
feel like that maybe I'm deluded by
thinking that I could change the world
and obviously it's the Bible can you
actually change the world but I can say
right now that I know that I should keep
doing what I'm doing and actually and I
am gonna pass of it I'm going to bounce
back and I'm going to keep making these
videos and those of you that said you've
missed how I used to be because I've
been very iffy lately you don't need to
worry because right now I can say he's
already bad i read the skull of my
purpose in life and this is a very
important day MA and I thank Blake I
thank everyone i found stick hates
happening in august and it's only good
things from here so if you are watching
this right now I thank you as always and
I can promise you that together we will
achieve many many great things
and on that I say adios so next time
thank you
