365 days in 20 ways what you're about to
see is a list of 20 things I hope to
complete by July the first of two
thousand eleven each item will have a
red annotation in the corner and when I
complete those tasks they will turn
green and if you want to join in just
come up with a list and upload it as a
video response to this video and if
you're not sure exactly how this works
then click here or should be explained
quite well and yeah let's see how this
goes I swear this is no easy sleepier
I've only got coins but let me just get
the other ninety-nine dollars in my back
pocket
what I'm practicing
okay I'm confused what was all the hype
about hello I'll be hearing from your
lawyer so last week I went on holiday in
which I stole a lots of swimming pool
inflatables so since then I've had to
kind of light load ha
ha I've got your nose even that doesn't
look anything like your nose ah
