so when I was in stick form doing
biology I was watching a video with the
class sitting at the back of the room on
animal reproduction great so being the
clown of the class I was sitting at the
back making I'd like to think witty
remarks but probably if I actually
rewatched what I said then it probably
wasn't witty at all and this old man who
was presenting the show was talking
about animal reproduction and I just
said out loud ha as if he would know
about having sex and then the guy in
front of me he turned round and he said
that's my uncle and the whole room just
stared at me in complete silence and I
thought what are the chances of that and
I'm sure that we all have stories in
life where we maybe do something trying
to be funny or clever or try and do the
right thing and it turns out not to go
the way you've had it planned and you
always end up going what were the
chances of that so with that story
coming to mind I was wondering if any of
you guys had any stories where you asked
that same question
