hi everyone how's it going some people
ask me miles why do you have so much
patience with people and humanity in
general when there's so many idiots out
there and destructive people and for me
it's because I generally have faith I
believe that you know we aren't all
perfect and we all want to better
ourselves in one way or another and even
if some people you know don't seem to be
wanting to improve themselves is because
they haven't been shown a better
alternative so some of you may know a
few weeks ago I hosted a live game show
on the internet called design and it was
really great fun and I did it with some
of my YouTube friends and the thing that
I noticed so much about it is this whole
loyalty in terms of if you're how should
I put this the only people that showed
up tend to be fan girls and boys of
Charlie Alex which I don't have an issue
with I think it's cool and I completely
understand they have huge huge number of
followers so it was likely that people
went to see them as opposed to see me
but when issue began to happen was when
I uploaded the video to my channel and I
remember one comment aimed ed plan and
they said who the hell's that guy
playing and it just made me laugh
because it wasn't an attack on what he
was doing there was no judgment about
his playing it was just who is he and
the thing I've noticed on YouTube the
past couple of years where unfortunately
we're getting this culture now where
people feel the need to go in here just
to be famous it's their right to be
famous and you look across the board now
it's it's all there people marketing
themselves which good or bad that's a
completely different discussion but with
this it's as if people who are fans of
Charlie and Alex but they know who
Charlie and Alex's and they know that
lots of people know who they are so when
it comes to people who are new and
unfamiliar it's well I don't know about
them not many people know about them so
who the hell are they to where am I
going with this you may be asking well I
am getting somewhere so judgment was
made
hell was this guy and I could say he's
on YouTube called eggplant and he's a
musician now if that guy just takin some
care into rationalizing we thought
before he said it he would have gone
well he's playing music so he's a
musician he's got a following online so
he must be good at what he does people
must enjoy it and therefore the people
who made the show chose him because they
knew he would be a great asset to the
show I mean in my opinion he is one of
my favorite musicians on YouTube and
that's not the reason amusing him as an
example but there are people that
support him so if the person who wrote
that comment had just thought for a
second and rationalize their thoughts
they wouldn't have made such a coin so a
second example before I get to the main
point of this video when I see someone
online a video blogger vlogger he's very
confident and forward I would think that
they are quite arrogant or pretentious
and that's my first thoughts but what
you do is you pulse you think about it
and you'll realize they're not arrogant
they're just very passionate about what
they're talking about and I guess I
experienced this because I know there
are some people I'm friends with on
YouTube who have admitted that at first
they thought I was arrogant pretentious
because i am very forward and it's not
because I'm arrogant it's just I'm very
passionate and I speak confidently and
I'm smiling and you know but then I
could be threatening I don't know but if
you just give me a chance if you reflect
if you rationalize it's really not that
bad and I spike about it on absolute
radio recently regarding a presenter
called Ian Lee he does a recap program
for the TV show Lost and I watched it
and he was very mean to the people he
co-presented with so I kind of felt hate
towards him but the other day I was on
his radio show and I explained the point
I've just made them oh hi i have again
yes I mammal cause if you I was going to
speak about music I treated you earlier
I was blade 376 oh yes yeah I'm now a
fan officially I worked out really
mm-hmm pourquoi yeah why yes I don't
know
I guess I've just given you more of a
chance because when I first saw you in
action doing your thing it was it was on
the lost initiative being very mocking
in that and I guess it's hard not to see
it as being pretentious at first but
this was opposite lovable and I by the
way I said that was my first opinion and
we all know that if you reevaluate all
we're saying is give give peace a chance
that's always saying so what's the point
I'm trying to make well we're human we
make judgments there's nothing wrong
with that we're not perfect but we're
human in the sense that we're able to
rationalize and some people believe that
is something that distinguishes us from
animals what is it to be human is to
have the power to judge and then to
rationalize our behaviors and thoughts
but we live in a society now where so
many people think that being wrong or
having to go back on what you first
thought or said is a weakness and it's
not because to find out that you're
wrong and to acknowledge that is showing
that you understand the right way of
things or the better alternative and
that's a positive surely it's like
prejudice and discrimination okay to be
prejudice is not necessarily a bad thing
we need it to differentiate between good
and bad in life but discrimination is
when you take action on those thoughts
sometimes and obviously some people have
prejudice which are deemed as irrational
and he may have heard that term before
and therefore they discriminate just in
ways that are not very acceptable so all
I'm saying is like Ian Lee said to me on
the radio all we're saying is give give
peace a chance that there's always
saying am i right about this person am I
wrong about this person what judgments
have I made and why and I just feel if
more people to this perspective which is
what I do and it's why I have a lot of
patience with even my enemies and people
that try and destroy my life because
by having that attitude we're gonna be
walking towards solutions and we're not
going to be burning any bridges I'd like
to hear your thoughts similar to a video
I did three years ago called admit to
the world that you're not perfect I'd
like you to write in the comments now
admit times when you know you should
have rationalized your thoughts more and
when you've been wrong write what you
learned and how you were writing up ways
perhaps I hope you that was constructive
hey Eddie days
