hi guys how's it going well today as you
can see i'm at the BBC television centre
in central london and i'm supposed to be
working right now on a project called no
more women is to spin off from the BBC
show we need answers and it's an online
web exclusive game which I'd love you to
take part in and post your own versions
of on youtube so first of all I need
someone to do it with which I should
have really had with me right now hey
baby hey Leah man what you doing it no
more women all right yeah it's just
hanging around the TV's center just
looking at the buses going past it's
really how'd you get in ok name defense
I'm trying to do a show of how mobile
will it works by need someone to help me
yes I'd love to yeah let's go then now
before showing you an example of the
game you need to ensure that you've got
the right materials you'll need to
ensure you have a camera now it can be
as basic as a web camera whatever you
have to use will be fine you're going to
need someone to play with no not like
that it's an innocent game for innocent
people no more women is a fast-paced
game so it's important that we time it
each player has three minutes and if you
run out of time you lose to ensure both
players have there in three minutes to
battle with I highly recommend using a
chess clock I've pasted some links in
the description of this video and
finally you'll need the internet and if
you're watching me without the internet
right now then what the is going on
so the game starts would be deciding
which player is going to go first toss
of a coin sounds good to me and then it
begins the first player chooses the name
of someone and then a category that they
belong to you Andre Agassi no more
people whose first and second name last
name can begin with the same letter in
this case a yeah ah ok ah it is then the
next person's turn and they must name
someone who does not belong in the
category that has just been stated
tennis legend
tim henman yeah no more tennis people
the category list will continue to grow
and grow and your options of names to
choose will become more and more narrow
my whole list of names has been drained
our completely when it comes to choosing
names they must be someone well-known or
famous mr blobby no more fictional
characters speaking interesting facts
about your nominated person is always
welcome but be careful don't waste too
much of your time in ol Edmonds was
sometimes mr. blobby ok and because once
he took up the Hat and it was in fact no
so I'm gonna go Noel Edmonds no more
quiz show hosts now if your opponent
breaks a rule you can challenge them
Jeremy Kyle no more typical show if you
conclude the challenge was wrong he said
quiz show though yeah yeah and I don't
know I guess they are quizzing on a
paternity test map the game continues ok
uh no more TV personalities the
categories you choose in this game can
be about absolutely anything so be
creative or boring Albert Einstein no
more dead the science lives on
unfortunately he doesn't oh and here's a
tip if I'm you break a rule in the game
just be really really subtle about it
because your opponent might not notice
and therefore not made a challenge now
during the game there will be many
moments in which you might want to offer
support to your opponent and in some
cases you may want to ask for support
from your opponent who wrote Harry
Potter is unknown can help but it just
means you're weak they play around the
JK Rowling so yeah JK rounded ah no more
women she's quite finished
cheers for that it'd be a bit heavy in a
relationship with her true so just all
wizards all day with this is my time um
it sure is now if you break a rule in
the game you can only be challenged once
you have set a category so if you manage
to stop yourself in time you're safe
myleene klass oh no more women oh i was
so close to the edge AAA husk you are
hot and what doing now there are two
ways of winning the game the first is if
your opponent runs out of time and the
second way is if you make a challenge on
your opponent and it's correct Vernon
Kay no more people with northern accents
I want to challenge you do you know why
why Vernon Kay hosts family fortunes
which is a quiz oh come on he's not the
real family fortunes host as Les Dennis
and so those are the rules of no more
women and just remember be a good school
even if you lose ok good game so are we
still friends so no more women had to
define the game loved it I hope you did
it home to because we certainly enjoy
playing it and we can't wait to see your
clips come across definitely if you want
to take part be sure to record it with
all the instructions we've given so far
and upload it on YouTube and if you do
have any questions or uncertainties
about the rules I've posted a blog on
the BBC comedy website are the details
in the description and hopefully see you
soon and don't forget BBC will be
kicking their favorite ones and doing a
showcase so if that's not incentive
ok and a taste the next time ok
you
