so I guess the first thing to put things
in perspective is to ask you who your
hero is and why are they your hero how
did you come across them how do they
make you feel and what if they inspired
you to do so I guess write that in the
comments first of all I've already done
a video about my hero before which I
will link in the description but I'll
give a quick summary now when i was 13 i
listened to mainly 80s pop music and i
was at home and saw a TV one day this
band called Fear Factory and they just
released an album called digi mortal
which was about digital mortality what
would life be like if you could download
your memory onto a hard disk with that
then become your soul and there was a
song on there called linchpin it was
very heavy but the chorus was extremely
melodic and it was just amazing now
without giving too much of a history
lesson fifth actually started in 1989
and they were originally a death metal
band but they were the first ever bands
to mix heavy vocals with melodic which
is something you hear in music so much
these days and a lot of people forget
where it originated from I started
buying their albums in reverse order and
the further back you go the heavier they
got so I was actually becoming subjected
to heavy and heavier music and thus
becoming a heavy metal listener now my
hero is the vocalist of this band Burton
sebo and the way he writes his lyrics
the way he's passionate about what he
believes in the way he tries to change
the way people think and the way he
unites people is just a big inspiration
to me now this is a guy who performs to
hundreds of thousands of people and I
thought I'm never going to get to speak
to this guy especially because I got
into their music about 10 years down the
line well with the internet and it being
my first internet success story I guess
I actually managed to get in contact
with him and when he split up with their
factory in 2001 I helped him with his
side project called ascension the
Watchers if you could go to myspace.com
/a o T W which stands for essentially
watches and just leave a comment letting
him know that I sent you that way that
would be a really appreciate that and so
would he long story sure I was working
in France for
six months and I actually quit my job a
few weeks early just so I could meet him
and he got me guest list and we met off
the show and you need to check the video
if you want to find out the full story
but it changed my life they say you
should never meet your hero but I met
him because I wanted to see him as a
human and not as just a depiction in my
mind of this great being who I treat it
as a god I guess and he was amazing he
was so down to earth and we had a
brilliant all together and actually
since then we've become really good
friends and thinking about it now I just
don't know how that happened and I just
want to say to anyone out there now you
know this was what was the Eureka moment
I guess for the internet and me learning
its potential you know there are so many
people out there but if you want
something if you want to think that
badly if you want to get in contact with
someone there's always a way but by all
means do not stalk people you know you
got you got to find the balance there's
a healthy balance so where's this video
going they're releasing an album on
februari the eighth in the UK called
mechanized and all I can say is it's an
amazing album and every album they have
done has had its own feel and its own
meaning behind it and this album is
about how a lot of predictions from
sci-fi writers of the past have actually
become true you know the future that
they predicted exists in today's society
and what I wanted to do to help spread
the message of the album and actually to
show you my passion about this vocalist
Burton seat belt who is just an amazing
guy is in the ten days leading up to the
release of the album i am going to be
doing a blog post of each song each day
and i'm going to talk about the issues
that are brought up in it the singers
perspective with that and hopefully then
bring up some discussion in which we can
all chat about it and come to various
conclusions so you may be asking where
am I going to be doing this well I have
some news v people i have actually
launched my own websites blade 376 calm
now a lot of work does need doing to it
but i'm hoping that as a community with
your suggestions and feedback over time
it can become a much better website but
on the front page
we'll be posting web blogs and that is
where all the discussion will be
happening I guess that's all I wanted to
say oh except one more thing fear
factory they're comin on tour around the
UK and Burton has actually invited me on
the tour bus to go round the UK with
them and to film a featurette of their
live shows there so finally and if
anyone out there has any questions for
anyone in fear factory the band as a
whole or maybe have site you want to ask
Burton regards to how it must be for him
to be my hero or you know any sort of
questions and just throw them in the
comments below and I'll be sure to take
me and if you're going to any of the
shows I hope to see you there a DX guys
and I guess I hope that one day I can
show him all of this that I've created
all the stuff I've learned with trying
to use this technology to help people
and hopefully make him feel proud but he
was the catalyst to a lot of what I'm
doing today
