although Christmas is gone it's never
too late to reflect on the festivities
and therefore to appreciate what is
really important about Christmas yeah
you've got it the presents I don't care
what you say because if you're not going
to say it's presents I would say that
you are in denial and denial my friend
is an awliya river in Egypt at work we
did Secret Santa do I need to explain to
you how that works and the present I got
from My Secret Santa was a body pens
there let's open it up when cutting you
got to be careful with stuff it comes
with two flavors chocolate taste of
strawberry and strawberry taste of
chocolate I guess I could give this a
game welcome to my bed so I says step
one remove all clothing I'm not going to
be doing that on camera but I'll make a
compromise oh and for the record I still
hate how my body looks so if you're
gonna slag it off feel free to there
then writes a delicious love message
okay so um which one am I gonna use
which one click it yeah you're right I'm
not gonna let you choose
yeah
nothing nothing I'll be out in a minute
man
I think that's come out really well in
plays either thinking I must have had
some good practice I can assure you I've
never used this stuff before and now
I've got to eat it off yes sorry I was
being stupid the final step is and allow
a loved one to slowly and sensually eat
your words a loved one that's easy
grand grandma from an Thanks
