hey guys how's it going so lately I've
been getting a lot more stressed out
lots of stuff going on in my life just
very crazy things and it means that I
struggled to sleep even to the extent
that I grind my teeth so I got a mouth
guard fitted all right when I talk in my
sleep that is yeah I do that quite a lot
okay true story many years ago me and my
dad did the Great North Run which is a
half marathon and we stayed in the same
room in the middle of the night he heard
me talking so half asleep he had a
conversation with me and it was only
into a few minutes in that he realized I
wasn't having a conversation and I was
actually talking to myself ok back to
the point of the video I got myself an
iphone and obviously you can get many
great applications and I got one called
and the application comes with a whole
archive of sounds which I thought great
can help me sleep so you can have
central tranquility it's making me tight
now plenty of sounds like that but as I
began exploring I found some other
examples yeah a fry an egg when am I
going to use that fell asleep I mean
even if I was gonna use that to try and
help me sleep I'd end up just saying
something like okay I'd be more than
saying that I guess but why it gets even
better there are plenty more great
sounds on ambience yeah a dog heating up
in biscuit I mean if I tried using that
to help me sleep I'd probably end up
doing something like so obviously you
can look at the reviews of the
application and I found this and it was
about the dog eating the biscuit hey
great application my dog hasn't been
sleeping for days now but thanks to the
dog eating biscuits sound it can finally
get a good night's sleep what the
whose idea was it to put that on there
in the first
ice I mean even if it wasn't about just
helping people sleep who thought of that
oh no will be a great ambient sound a
dog eating a biscuit but whoa it gets
even better ladies and gentlemen let's
go down the list what else we got here
oh yeah that's brilliant exactly what I
want to hear in complete darkness hell
they're not 100 sure oh I was saying
it's not going to help me sleep well I'm
going to keep trying this application
and hopefully eventually I'll find slate
in the archive which helps me sleep so
I'm good night
