go on anymore we go get the first guest
up who is miles Dyer play the clip hey
my name is Miles dire I'm 22 from
southeast England the town called
reading and this is my youtube story hey
everyone learns miles as on the
fourteenth of august two thousand six i
posted my first video blog after seeing
so many video responses to the
well-known d.video first try by
geriatric 1927 I was just amazed by the
way that people were able to communicate
freely their ideas free video form hello
is that is that the end of it though at
the end of your clip I don't know I
assume that's what they've done with it
yeah right ok gotta take you from there
so I want to know I mean because we're
obviously from very different generation
I'm sure I'm older than your dad what
what gives what so when when when did
you first become aware of YouTube in
particular it was three years ago peter
is jerry action 27 he'd done this video
and although it was his video that
interested me what interested me more
was the fact that people were able to
post video responses yes and for me what
that is it shows what YouTube has which
a lot of other places don't have which
is the YouTube experience and that is
these aren't just videos with dealing
with this is there's something in
between it there's this social network
and it's now a medium in which people
can share their ideas and for me video
blogging is the purest form of
creativity because whether you are a
reporter you do philosophy the music
you're an artist you can incorporate
these in any combination into a video
and I think that's why when you meet
people across the board around the world
like of that in gatherings we all have
this common denominator so everyone has
this way of being open minded to new
ideas and be able to share their views
on the world and I mean what I mean you
have a like a particular like a
manifesto then I mean would you say that
you have a sort of a thing that you want
to communicate and what my motto is
welcome to my world will have the chance
to inspire which parades are sound a bit
hippyish but it's just the way it is and
for me is that you know we will have a
voice for me it's my journey of being
used to this technology I have as much
of a clue as the next person to a
certain degree and it is you know I feel
that if I put myself out there then
people have no reason to judge anything
else but you know people with misjudge
me but it's sort of my journey using
this technology to help others and give
people confidence I mean and you find
that if you get negative comments which
I assume any of your negative comment
diversity there might be something there
I mean but you find that that it dampens
you or does it actually go on oh hang on
um the first year our first tee is
actually it did get to me quite a lot
and I think the part of it that got to
me most is because I'm not I don't you
know I do comedy videos but it is me
being open this is who I am that people
are challenging my integrity and we've
got TV shows where people are behind you
later by the time is probably put on TV
they're already working on something
else completely different as with me I'm
checking the next day and people go you
know you're a liar you're doing this
because you just want fame for the sake
of it these are questions about You Know
Who am I yeah and I get to see myself in
third person so what I do is I translate
what they say and look at myself and go
or have they got it right avoid
misinterpreted myself wrong but up to
this point now I've got a bet right
there and I take things on if their
constructive and I mean do you find when
you shot something do you do you
absolutely put up what you shoot or do
you kind of self I mean this is
obviously fascinating areas are self
editing but this is a daily recent
experience for the human rate of it
completely and it I do edit it and it
depends on what sort of aspects you're
trying to portray for me it is about
honesty and I try and Olli edit out the
herbs and the speech errors and keep
that i mean when i started youtube i
uploaded 20 minute videos and I've got
to this point now where I've got to make
a compromise it's not who I am but if I
want to inspire people in a wide basis
I've got to sort of say right I need to
get a large audience but I want to keep
my integrity as well so if I was to be
completely integrable do 30 minute video
no one would watch it so I wouldn't be
inspiring anyone in that sense so it's
getting that balance I think that's
really important and just to make me
jealous what I mean how many what's your
total view camp I'm very I think it's
around nine million at the moment over
four years I mean I know those people
that have overtaken out with one video
yeah in like you're always going to find
so many there's more than always someone
um but it's just the the interaction
with people with I mean it is it's
probably hard for you to even comprehend
that but but that is phenomenally
extraordinary to you know that couldn't
have happened nice in the such recent
past completely I mean I'm just a guy at
home with a computer webcam technically
I'm just talking to a bit of hardware in
my room and somehow it has been viewed
by this mass and you know furthermore I
go out and meet them around the world
right it's just crazy experience and I
mean has it given you the the desire to
then follow that for I mean because
that's what I think is interesting is
what we're that I think a lot of people
working in this industry are going to go
look at that go where can that lead
right maybe that's the wrong question
maybe it doesn't need to lead anyway
maybe that's it I felt don't know i
think the big miss communicator miss
comprehension of the issue is that
people think that once your YouTube
that's where you got to be to make it
you know you're on YouTube that is it
it's not i think it's a good platform to
get on to what you want to do it's a
good networking site you can do whatever
you want there is that freedom and
because of the mass interaction you get
you you hopefully have more of a chance
to finding it I mean in some way that
video that you showed it was called my
YouTube story I sort of use it as a CV
in rice and it's it's a media where you
can actually see me and who I am as
opposed to just text on the screen I so
if you were going to show if you were I
don't know but if you were going to
apply for a job where you'd send that
link well I've been applying recently
for a job lately and on my CV i actually
have links to my HD videos right and a
lot of people look at that game what was
he playing at but ask your parents you
know be open minded and this is new
tenant and if you had a response to that
from potential employers I mean I say
not yet i'm still trying maybe with the
reason we took one look at his youtube
video and that was it who's out the door
now can you tell me about that about
stick aid and winning upstaged and what
that was all about um yeah I mean I like
to take part of things up stage was a
BBC show in 2008
with Endemol and BBC which was six hours
in a glass box entertain the nation
voting was done online and what happened
was I got contacted and so did other
people for YouTube and they wanted us
basically I knew what they were trying
to do they were trying to get us to move
across our viewer base and make us knock
each other out this competition and
without telling them I said guys let's
work together on this and we went along
and we did it and we won the grand final
and by the percentages of votes we just
freshed everyone and it was this big
frustration because we weren't a
traditional act and to be brief about it
we were against very talented musicians
you know people playing the guitar in it
and you know that's great but because it
was online if I want to see some plated
so I just look it up on youtube as our
act was about interaction there in the
moment you know discussing with people
what do they want us to do even if it
was crazy putting post-it notes on us
and rolling on the floor but people like
that interaction and that's why we did
get the votes right in terms of stick
aid the past three years I've done
saying on stickam com which is a webcam
live website and it's a part of my ethos
I mean people who are geographically
isolated around the world are able to
have a common goal and achieve it where
I would broadcast a 24-hour web chat and
people sponsor money to go towards I
chase UNICEF because it's a global
charity and you know three years ago it
was in my bedroom on a webcam this year
I worked in a TV studio and last year
did in LA los angeles and you know this
is absolutely surreal I without internet
without YouTube I wouldn't have achieved
any of this and if I gained a lot from
it then what might my belief is why
should no one else have that opportunity
and that's what I hope to do with my
videos fantastic so I me know what and
do you have plans that you can reveal of
things you're going to do next I mean
have you got I would love to work you
know plug it out in the BBC you know
that would be great because the BBC is
you know with I planet is really trying
to push it forward at the moment the
thing is I've worked with trying to help
revolutionize the education system with
mental health therapy excited psychology
you know this technology can help all of
that but a lot of these companies are on
their high horses like you know what is
this it's entertainment and you know
YouTube is very entertainment-based but
there is so much more to
and it's just about you know taking that
risk but unfortunately we're at a time
at the moment where companies aren't
really willing to make that risk all
right all right well thanks why we're
going to get will carry on we'll carry
on now I should just before because we
got we've only got five five or so
minutes left I would love to open
questions to the floor if anybody's got
any questions for any of the marvelous
panel there's one over there straight
away Nick Negredo from input I just
wanted to continue that question to the
other people whether they thought
there's any way they can make a living
out of the kind of the internet activity
I mean it's such a rarity and the thing
I find with the Internet is it's all
about integrity as i said earlier on and
i mean in terms of sponsorship if if i'm
on a video and i'm drinking a can of
coke it's an example i always use it's
because i want to drink the coke so
therefore that is good advertising but
when you get people that are on their
videos that are standing there with
something which was blatantly put in
their hands then it's not great so I
mean this is just new grounds that we're
sort of dealing with but in terms of
making money I make nothing from it the
amount of money I spent on cameras
battery to my camera's out ways how much
I've made for my videos completely and
you know people do make a lot from it
but it is such a rarity but for me I've
gained a lot from it which you can put a
price on I've met great people I've had
Gordon Brown DOOL response to me on a
video I mean this is stuff that you
can't put a price on and I think that as
you saying in terms of the BBC is a
great place to go to for comedy you know
it is about using it as a platform to
then go and other things and if you know
there are companies out there that have
the resources and you see someone on
YouTube who you think they would be good
in this way by taking something which is
a hobby and paying him to do it you know
the chances are they gonna do a much
better job with it say and I mean the
danger is then the what drove you to be
that popular in the first place the
passion the clarity the honesty the
integrity that's that's when it's done
is threat is now that's always the
balance you've got to strike completely
that's just like yes my friend and I was
started doing just chatting doing audio
podcasts and not not real enough
starting with we now get about court
four million downloads a month and
although it's kind of
10 a lot of under sixteens writing and
I'm getting loads of fan mail hate mail
and people wouldn't advise and I'm just
I'm just chatting about thing my life
and I find that quite a stranger who do
I talk to about that and I wonder if you
get guys get people approaching you and
asking you for your opinions on yeah
I've done videos where I've actually
like before Christmas I came out of
therapy and i did a video which was
you're not alone and it was about this
is what I've been free I may come across
as confident I definitely wasn't
confident three years ago and that you
know if you're out there there is always
someone and for me it's about inspiring
people so you need look to other people
I'm not saying I'm the answer but
unfortunately I've been getting emails
people telling me their entire life and
it's all puts that responsibility on me
and I feel like you know where do I draw
the line because I had an experience
where there was suddenly came to advise
once and a few weeks later after I gave
her advice she said it was great I
didn't speak to her again she then took
her life and it's that moral dilemma of
now we live in a non line community now
where millions of people were contacted
with and you know it's about you not
taking too much responsibility that but
realizing if people are going to get
involved with this they have to take
responsibility for themselves as well
and realize that you can only talk to so
many people so you know if you get
negative comments if you get people that
are angry at you because you're not
responding you just realize this it's
not your fault ok it's alright any
anyone else right up the back there's it
making them run that would be a really
good I'm just trying to work out if the
BBC did open up to user generated
content and we'd obviously be stuck with
all of our standards of policies and
compliances that we will we already have
as programme makers would it limit your
creativity too much to try and apply
those policies and standards to your
content and therefore is it something
that isn't worth looking down the road
of you know people in youtuber making
their content do it because they're
passionate and I think they'd be
overwhelmed if they were approached and
you know getting involved with this for
example st. recently and very rarely do
i get contact
people who are in the profession you
know maybe it's their belief that maybe
they get contacted by so many but I know
thousands of people out there who would
be absolutely you know got to get
interest and it's you know if you bring
him in and you say well we like your
content but we need it to go to these
whatever your conditions are then you
know compromise can be made exactly ends
of the dates it's your call and thank
you very much listening I'm really sorry
to all the people who twittered in
because I didn't we haven't read one of
the Twitter I've only just really get
with any covers you but we think of a
well done you did it good what we did we
did it teamwork somebody said bum bum
someone at the BBC put bum in a tweet
and I comedy a patriot going to the
burbs shocking but thank you all for
listening and sitting through it and
watching and thank you very much indeed
thank
