yeah the words things so it would have
to be my one and only girlfriend about
eighty percent increase empathy people
45 jewelry about 20 I guess there are
some times where I feel I get used by
people spiders stressed that give thanks
my openness to people a legacy no next
no definitely ninja penguins as someone
who's always had good intentions I think
my poor every last bit of my soul alpen
to my youtube channel nope I think
people should have the right to die with
dignity that it should be legislated
wetting myself when I was in cut it
would be my you are not alone video
thing as too gravitas of what I do on
this side I needed to express thanks to
my parents by paying off a lot of stuff
that they've given me in the past in a
drug-fueled sex heart attack no in my
sleep Floyd yeah I got to give it a go
aite group 60-second September
