I'm not careful it makes me look like a
wizard there was this guy the other day
I read online that he went out to his
local town it's decent charity work he
had problems with his leg it was growth
problems from a kid and so he had
crutches and when he was requesting for
donations someone took the bucket and
ran off of it okay so this guy then
starts running after this man he's just
nicked the money and this is
unbelievable right he chases down by the
river and the guys running away it's got
a little boat and somehow this this man
is still able to keep up with him even
though he's got crutches guy goes off in
the boat so he froze his crutches down
he goes it into the water after this
boat and then I'm a common what happened
then it was it was pretty good though
but I just can't remember the story
60-second September so what's the moral
of the story take a big clue from what
the title with the video focuses
