hey everyone so today I thought I would
give you some quick useful facts reduce
the risk of a nighttime house fire by
soaking all your furniture with a hose
before going supermarkets save money on
printing by labeling all your economy
goods instead you can recreate the
danger of a parachute jump safely buy
this in google earth and click in the
scroll bar until you reach the ground
add realism to the exercise by aiming a
fan at your face local government to
help with the litter problem issue blind
people with pointy sticks bread knives
can can also be used cut cheese to scare
a deaf person just run at them really
fast while yawning prostitutes if
selling your body for sex makes you feel
cheap then simply raise your prices I
think that's enough useful tips for
today use them wisely 60 shuckin ship
timber
