the world comprises of a lot of people
billions each with their own individual
set of thoughts experiences beliefs and
motivation and with over half of the
world's population now connected to the
Internet
our ability to communicate with others
has been extended on a revolutionary
scale this in turn has increased our
exposure to those who think believe and
act differently during which
disagreements sometimes occurs early
sometimes they but have you ever found
yourself in a discussion where nothing
constructive seems to be coming out of
it both sides get defensive emotion and
passion becomes increasingly dominant or
you start losing sight of why the
discussion was held in the first place
it seems quite common and there are many
reasons why for one body language and
tone of voice accounts for the majority
of our ability to communicate a message
to someone else
and yet many try to debate complexed
ideas on social media platforms which
cuts these elements out online discourse
often occurs between strangers you
cannot see or hear each other allowing
for an empathy gap to form if you remove
the feeling that you are speaking to an
actual person it can lead to some
behaving in ways they would not have
done if the conversation occurred
face-to-face but even when we do speak
in person many of us believe that the
whole point of discussion is to win an
argument not only that but being wrong
is a showing of weakness and failure not
of testing and enlightenment so next
time you have a discussion with someone
why not try the following 7 suggestions
to help improve the environment for
sharing and challenging ideas number 1
starts with a human connection it's very
easy to treat the other person as an
opponent you want to attack annihilate
intellectually destroy or to assume they
have bad intent so why not try getting
to know each other's backgrounds first
what is it that brought you both to
where you are today in the context of
that discussion you may be pleasantly
surprised by what you have in common
number two identify three things you
agree on no matter how trivial or
irrelevant to the discussion it may be
try talking about movies you like or
things in society you wish to see fixed
starting a debate with common ground can
help massage those empathy muscles
number three
make clear that it's okay to say I don't
know the phrase is normally seen as a
weakness and it encourages people to
steer the conversation elsewhere or even
make stuff up just to avoid
embarrassment this is not helpful and so
it should be made clear from the offset
that saying I don't know is not a
disqualifying phrase number four
encourage self critiques it's
frustrating when people are unwilling to
concede obvious points out of fear of
losing the debate this can create an
environment of intellectual dishonesty
to thrive so why not make an opportunity
for both participants to disclose
criticisms of their own positions
because after all no concept is perfect
number five ask questions it's very easy
for discussions to be about just making
points at each other where it seems
people only listen to workout when it's
their turn to speak
asking questions signals to the other
person that they're being listened to it
also helps us clarify positions that may
have otherwise been misconstrued as
there's nothing worse than having a
conversation built upon
misunderstandings number six
avoid using labels wherever possible
they can mean different things to
different people regardless of what the
official definition may be for a
particular one they can lead to
generalizations and thus assumptions so
stay clear but if a label happens to get
used take a moment to unpack it even
though this will require spending a bit
more time explaining your point it will
be more helpful in the long run
number seven find common ground towards
the end of your discussion identify
areas of agreement around the issues you
have been debating now this is not to
say that cannot be fundamental
disagreement
or that you must be on the same page at
the very end these seven tips don't
guarantee that all future discussions
will go smoothly with everyone getting
along but they will help steer them in a
more constructive direction at a time
when there are so many people with so
many things to say it's important that
we do what we can to help open these
conversations up as opposed to shutting
them down
