hey everyone hope all is well I've
recently been working on my new website
and upon designing the main page it made
me have a really hard thing about a
tagline that catches my life's mission
statement and what did I come up with
the quest for global empathy and so in
today's video I wanted to share with you
my life's philosophy many years ago I
read a brilliant book by Jeremy Rifkin
called the empathic civilization which
looks at the nature of empathy in both a
scientific and historical context to
summarize the latter when we look back
as far as hunter-gatherer societies
communication could only extend as far
as they could speak meaning empathy
tended to only occur within the confines
of their own tribes then there was the
hydraulic agricultural civilizations
we're reading and writing extended our
means of communication we became the
tribal eyes in many ways as a result our
consciousness was no longer entirely
focused around blood ties but around
theological belief systems religious
ties I mean Jews would find it easier to
empathize with other Jews Muslims with
other Muslims Christians with other
Christians etc etc and then we move on
to the Industrial Revolution where the
development of markets and the creation
of nation-states allowed for empathy to
transcend blood and religious ties it
could now occur across nationalities and
so Jeremy Rifkin the author of this book
asks if the evolution of empathy has
come this far already why can't we take
it a step further this book really spoke
to me because I previously had similar
thoughts but coming at this from a
different perspective with my many
surreal years of experience using
YouTube as a vehicle for social change
and in the process seeing how this
technology could be used to bring people
together from all walks of life I
believe we have an incredible
opportunity to achieve global empathy
but there is one more stepping stone we
have to cross before we get there
firstly I'd like you to imagine that
every human being on this planet is a
dot throughout history these dots have
connected with one another
through communication as these dots join
up they create clouds of culture
ideology belief systems language and
thus communities are born but different
clouds may collide with each other
causing friction to occur and storms to
form over the past decade the Internet
has sped up this process on an
unprecedented scale individuals who once
had thoughts or beliefs that seem niche
making them feel alone in their local
communities may now be connected with
millions of like-minded people all over
the world this has caused a perceived
paradox to transpire whereas these
clouds of unity grow and develop so do
the lines of division that separate them
from each other it has been argued that
the Internet has created echo chambers
where people only talk to those who
think the same way that they do when
actually the Internet has only
emphasized a phenomenon that has already
existed throughout human history we are
now just more aware of it and seeing
these clouds so huge can be an
intimidating sight that is why some
countries currently feel more divided on
political issues than they ever have
before when looking at the history of
human empathy there is one significant
factor that led to its development
communication which derives from
language many people believe that
language is primarily used to
communicate with other people when
actually it can be argued that the
majority of language takes place within
our minds our inner monologue is how we
talk with ourselves and therefore create
thought and this is why language and
culture is so important it teaches us
how to interpret our world from blood
ties to religious ties from religious
ties to nationalities I now believe that
we are moving into a realm where empathy
occurs between ideological ties and so
if we want to move from this place to
one of global consciousness we need to
take an honest look at the main factor
which divides us language the language
that we speak and the language that we
think I
we believe the following things one we
are all victims of circumstance number
two a controversial one there is no such
thing as a bad person just bad actions
bad decisions and bad occurrences that
derive from circumstance you just have
to look far enough back in that person's
timeline and finally three we have the
potential to be unified as a human
species when you consider the raw
fundamentals of what everybody on this
planet needs things like love health
nutrition mental well-being connection
and a sense of belonging once I began to
understand these things it became a lot
easier to live a life of Tolerance where
I was able to engage with other people
even those I'm a fundamentally disagree
with on so many levels this brings us to
what motivates me in the work that I do
my activism primarily revolves around
value systems not telling people what to
think but instead pointing out ways of
thinking and so my main interest is not
changing the characteristics of each
individual dot but by finding ways of
connecting these dots together empathy
is a universal language and so by doing
what we can to create these connections
we stand the best possible chance of
moving towards global consciousness
because as technology continues to
advance at an exponential rate if our
value systems as a human race don't
develop along with it conflicting clouds
could grow so large and unstable that
the storms destroy us because we fail to
find a way to connect this is what
motivates me in pretty much everything
that I do in life and it is effectively
how I best describe the quest for global
empathy and so I'd like to thank all of
you out there who choose to join me on
that very journey thank you very much I
look forward to hearing your thoughts in
the comments and a dios till next time
