today in British news it was found that
a 38 year old man who was charged with
manslaughter in 2001 for strangling his
wife to death the year before was taking
the knowledge a test required by those
who wish to become black mini cab
drivers in central London so where's the
controversy well two years after he was
sentenced he was allowed free because he
was diagnosed as a paranoid
schizophrenic but under community care
two years after that in 2005 he was then
allowed completely free and is now
allowed to apply to be a London cab
driver so do you think that he should be
allowed to do that should he be allowed
to work as a minicab driver and if not
what sort of message are we sending that
rehabilitation is rendered useless
because even if you have committed a
crime and you do get rehabilitated that
we will never accept you in society ever
again 60-second September
