today guys I'm here to talk to you about
makeup because what I actually Bulls day
it retails at 525 at sainsbury's which I
got today and it's called purple power
there's actually it's more specifically
it's the purple Power 9000 there were I
think four series before this I didn't
do my research because I just had lots
of other things on my mind at the moment
but if i just opened up i can show you
what's inside before actually showing
you how it works so it comes with the
top tray in which you can actually mix
up your makeup because it allows your
creativity come out you know you don't
want to get all that boring expensive
stuff where you know it just comes in
basic colors you should be able to
customize it yourself so I'm inside you
get the skin tone pack and there's a
variety of colors depending on what skin
tone you're after so here we have white
which wouldn't be ideal for me because I
am he's like yellow we've got more
darker pink we got red we got black
we've got grey and we've got green and
we've got blue and they come with two
paintbrushes I actually want to get bit
of a ten today so I'm actually going to
use the fake tan which comes with a
little tube like this I've not used it
before but I've read reviews and it
doesn't say anything about using its
fake 10 but you know what today night so
I'm taking it now I am putting it in the
tray doesn't matter which Trey you use
and there's no preference and put it
there check out a bit of yellow because
it's a bit to read for a 10 not that I
have a preference for skin color or
equal it gives you the paint brushes by
their quite thin so just use your finger
really don't matter and then just apply
like site just all right there you go
there's the time going in put the time
on like that and then just apply gently
to the face make sure you get full of
those creases in the eyes we'll add the
rest of the makeup lay up fantastic some
people might say you look like that
hooligan but I beg to differ get it up
those nostrils smells when you do that's
quite potent but don't worry people
solvent abuse it's really exaggerated
period sniff glue absolutely fine so
there we go we've got fake tan on there
looks good and then you can use on
trazer / and then you can use that later
if you want to lubricate right cool so
moving on now we've got these and it
comes with lipstick they look like
felt-tip pens don't worry and today's
look I'm going for um Avril Lavigne so
I'm going to go with the the black
lipstick see if I just and got a mirror
here and this mmm yeah okay and yeah
don't worry about being too specific it
don't really matter you're going to be
kissing a lot of guys anyway so it's
gonna smudge the bed that's the lipstick
and then finally comes with some crayons
which you can actually be four eyes i
know i just fell with the eyeliner going
a bit of apple to be in a DD good if you
can see it's you gotta get hurt your
eyes but don't worry about that kids oh
yes yeah it's well put a bit oilier
there yeah you know who gives a few
night just feature this YouTube yeah
look I mean look what you've done to me
and I'm going to put me a glitter on
just a bit of glamour yeah so I'm just
going to put this on now open their game
and then just a bit of
BIV glitter there they go see glittery
hair there see what I look like you see
we've done to me youtube I'm trying to
get featured I know you feature are
these fashion gurus and I think that I
am the best of them all I'm not go I'm
not pretty but you know what I give just
as much good advice as they do and if
you don't feature this you can shove
your self-opinionated bush up your
so that's it people thank you for
joining today on my advice on makeup
hope you enjoyed it if you've got any
questions email me and I'd be happy to
reply thank you and when I pour it on my
head cuz I was needing on the floor it's
actually made a nice pattern it actually
looks like a very fun if you actually
blew that together you can actually pick
up and wear it but you know and have it
have a good time with the lads alright
