today we are giving blood Charlie and
miles give blood hey that's a really
good folk I'm really worried just the
constant drain had blood coming out of
you I thought I it just doesn't sound
that true but you know just getting it
done and trying to make a commitment out
of it I mean I was only gonna do it once
but Charlie then pointed out that yeah
it's not something you can just say i'm
going to give blood once but you have to
like keep doing here as much as you can
right by when i see you next i will be
having a needle sucking blood oh I don't
think I've ever said that sentence in my
life oh hi again you're probably
wondering why we're here right when not
at the blood place you weren't allowed
to see record anything didn't say why
but they did this at privacy is that
what they said I didn't hear him say
that I think I was swearing out a wall
while they products playing that bit so
yeah it was unfortunate but I've got
proof he did it say that's proof
although you can get these pre chief
anywhere but Tesco's on that but I did
do it I didn't I chicken they'll know I
wasn't allowed to because i was in
America recently yeah I can do it in 10
days time ever yeah been dling so when
it comes to donating blood there are a
lot of concerns people tend to have 41
there are a lot of people who find
because of seeing blood you don't
actually need to see it you can look
away like I did yeah the needle it it
hurts when it first goes in like quickly
but you can actually get local
anesthetic they do offer that you see
that it's nothing they said I had a good
vein but I don't know what that means I
should I i I'd said that but without and
they said oh it means you have a very
exposed rain and I said thank you well
the first thing they do is they give you
a checklist of loads of things that you
need to say that you haven't done like
and
sex with people who have diseases so
after that they actually give you a pint
of water or juice to drink first to get
fluids in you they take a blood test on
your finger and they just give it a
little prick they ask you questions
confirm everything and then they do an
iodine test I think or they do a test
test to do with iron iron yeah and if
it's all good you're then ready to go
you lie on a bed a nurse comes along
this is blood testing by the way not
some fantasy I have all those so far
it's quite similar and then they get
some bondage and they strap your arm and
they tend to it they actually find out
which arm they prefer both and when were
all right but they gave me my right arm
and then they say right you're going to
feel a prick and it takes about 10
minutes the process they do it is just
really well done they keep you
comfortable on in afterwards they give
you all the information and you can have
biscuits and drinks I didn't really do
that I was standing up talking to
Charlie and this woman came up to me and
said please take a sit down you're
making me nervous and I did feel quite
fine after and honest to god right
leading up to it I felt sick like my
heart was pounding because just I was so
nervous seeing these people and chairs
lying on their back and a little sachet
of blood you don't need to look at it
because at the end of the day yeah you
know doing that is going to say sounds
like so just going for a bit of
discomfort is so worth it and I'm going
to keep doing it hopefully for the rest
of my life you even do a challenge
Italian it anyway well I mean that means
challenge me to do it oh I just started
challenged you oh ok I didn't know if I
didn't I didn't know if that was gonna
be your challenge told you see that
there'll be a good choice Jonny actually
yeah they're like me now okay I
challenge Charlie to donate blood and
drink it oh ok actually the drinking but
you don't have to do ok just donate
blood yeah I'll go a bit easy on you
things like you probably know but I'm
already it's in the description box
click it Troy so cool like and or you
can click my face there you go but an
annotation in
love you brightening I just want to say
if anyone out there has donate blood I'd
like just to hear your stories and
experiences because you know obviously
I'm very passionate about it so one
person saying it all by first saying it
that he doesn't really count he hasn't
done here now i'm not in the grid yeah
he's not in the grid get it just anyone
out there who's had positive experiences
talk about it and if you're someone who
had you know the worries that a lot of
people have out there and then you know
did it and found it all right then you
know do say it it's like horribly went
wrong don't tell a statistic if not they
don't know that and finally if anyone
have any questions put it in the comment
box have some dialogue you know send it
around because for every one person that
this reaches food then goes out and
donate you know that's another life
that's saved so worth it
