the summary of what I'm about to say is
just how incredibly proud I am of you
and I know it's something that I don't
tell you a lot but it doesn't mean that
I don't feel that way I speak about you
to a lot of my friends and talk to you
about foreign family as well and just
you know how incredibly proud I am of
you because what you've done your entire
life is just such an incredible
achievement and although I've never
called you my hero I guess the reason
why and it goes back to maybe why I
haven't said how proud I am of you much
in the past is because I feel that it's
so obvious you know I hurt even just
gone such a long way in life from
starting off leaving school early 2m
working as a mechanic in london
underground to now being in one of the
most senior positions of such a large
company and i think that you know that's
an inspiration to anyone and he would
know your story but for me it's a real a
really big inspiration and i just want
to thank you for that and i just want
you to know that you know we we have our
arguments we have our little bits of
bickering but that's just life and if I
ever annoy you I always I'm sorry and i
know is vice versa and i know you worked
very hard with everything you do and I
don't take any of it for granted sure
I've done a lot of things in the past
which may have seemed like I took things
for granted all was careless but
not making excuses I think it's just a
testament to how much freedom you've
given me because the more freedom you've
given the more freedom there is for me
to make mistakes um but you know for
anything that I've ever done to upset
you I'm truly sorry but I love you so
much and I'm so incredibly proud of you
and you know whenever you want to help
with absolute anything you know I'm
always there for you even if I do seem
busy or I'm having a bad mood but where
my mind is clear you know i'm always
safe even and I appreciate everything
you've done
