sometimes in life there are important
things we'd like to say to particular
people and I think in the case that I'm
talking about it can range from good to
bad by using vlogging by putting
yourself out there in public you could
actually address you know these things
that you really want to say to people
without actually saying their name now
this may make you ask what would be the
point of that well I guess if I was to
give you the two ends of the spectrum
then maybe you'd begin to understand
there will be people in life that have
had a huge positive impact on you and
you may like to show your appreciation
in a public domain but without giving
their name it would you know shield them
from embarrassment and sort of you know
give them the credit they deserve
without you know putting them too much
on the spot the other end of the
spectrum is those that have had a
negative impact on your life the people
that you really want to talk to you
directly perhaps in any other medium you
wouldn't be able to have contact with
but you can stare right into the camera
and just speak your mind I think that by
not giving their name actually allows
you to address the issue and without
giving them any real credit and of
course when they see the video and look
down at how people respond to that I
think it would give an interesting
perspective of you know where they stand
in society due to their actions I hope
that made sense this could be a really
lame idea but I've actually got two
examples and I'd also be interested to
see your video posts of who you would be
speaking to you can talk to just one
person directly good or bad or you may
want to do what I've done in you know
talk to you one good and one bad you
know keep the balance enjoy
you
