Hey my name is Miles daya I'm 22 from
southeast England the town called
Redding and this is my youtube story
hey my name's miles on the 14th of
August 2006 I posted my first video blog
after seeing so many video responses to
the well-known video first try by
geriatric 1927 I was just amazed by the
way that people were able to communicate
freely their ideas through video form
and therefore I wanted exercise my own
voice when I first started I used to
talk about my film script a word of
advice I just wanted to get it out there
and still to this day I hope it can
become something more than just paper
but I discovered that the technology
allowed me to express more than just one
of my passions and therefore my main one
which is people took the forefront of my
future videos if you to go away from
this video knowing one thing about me it
is that people are my life they always
have and they always will be having been
a blogger for just a few months it was
both strange and awesome to be
recognized on the street not just in my
local area but at the other side of the
country as well
one day I headed up to Manchester to be
a member of the audience for the Jeremy
Kyle show which is a chat show for those
of you that don't know and before I
entered the studio I was actually
recognized on the street and furthermore
when I was in the audience Jeremy Kyle
came out before recording the show and
said where is miles Dyer and he gave me
the microphone
he called me down on the stage and
interviewed me about the Jeremy car
drinking game I had done as a video on
YouTube on the 18th November 2006 I
hosted a non-stop 24-hour webcam chat to
raise money for the charity UNICEF I've
always been a very outspoken person and
in December 2006 a video I made about
YouTube and its errors on the website
made the Seattle Times online blog stop
it from get any worse or else people are
just gonna go you know what screw this
side of world I'm gonna get back on with
my own life and start making videos on
February the 15th 2007 I thought it was
time to make an event in which people
from YouTube could meet but in the real
world
therefore I teamed up with quite cheap
and together we co-hosted a London
gathering at Leicester Square on June
the 6th 2007
I met up with the man who was
responsible for me blogging in the first
place geriatric 19:27 also known as
Peter it was a great day to meet him at
last and furthermore we got to discuss a
very important issue about how YouTube
and online community allows the closing
of the generation gap On June 21st I
visited my online friends or some of
them in the u.s. first in LA and in San
Francisco I headed over to New York for
the 777 YouTube gathering in Washington
Square
arriving at 11 a.m. I was approached by
a man with his young son he came out to
me and said hey miles can um sign my
son's cap for him he'd been a big
inspiration in his life and there and
then it was just beyond surreal the fact
that I was in another country and an
American guy come up to me and said this
although I wasn't huge at the gathering
in terms of my subscribe and view
account it really hit home that perhaps
I am having a significant effect on
people's lives and as I've always said
on my channel I do believe at heart that
people have the ability to inspire
others to inspire and in that case on
who I'd inspired had inspired me in
return to continue what I was doing on
September 15th I hosted another
successful YouTube London gathering and
on the 24th I was interviewed about it
by Annie Mac on BBC Radio 1
wicked miles it's being a pleasure to
speak to you and keep doing what you do
because it sounds like a very healthy
inspiring thing this is just the
beginning of a great big he's taken over
the world three seven six jugs on
October the 3rd 2007 back at home at my
university I was asked to do a lecture
to students first-year students who were
learning to teach about my experiences
with vlogging it actually turned out
that people at this university were
referencing me in their research papers
on this teaching course but they hadn't
actually realized until then that was a
pupil of this university November 17th
and a year past and it was time to do
the second 24 hour check this time had
given it
sticker on January 23rd of 2008 I put up
a video application on YouTube for this
new reality TV show called upstaged run
by the BBC they contacted me at the end
of 2007 and pitched this idea of this
show we have to entertain the nation
through the internet for 6 hours at a
time in a glass box in a town square it
turned out that the BBC were getting
different members of the UK YouTube
community to compete against each other
so I said wait a minute why don't we
work together so we did a team of 10 of
us and we called ourselves new stage and
on February the 12th we entered the
glass box
and after much determination and support
from the online community on March the
30th 2008 it's now time for the results
of the upstaged grand final few states
bloggers from the UK on stage two we won
you stage bloggers from the UK we were
never the favourites to win the show and
it's for that reason that it was just so
much more astonishing because it didn't
matter how much the TV show you tried to
make us look bad the online community
overpowered it and together we prevailed
in April 2008 I started my own podcast
record podcast 376 although it only
lasted for three episodes because it
took so long to make it did actually
make it to the front page of the podcast
section on iTunes now the Prime Minister
has launched a digital version of PM
coos on YouTube where users are invited
to post questions for him online miles
you're raising some very big points
about our civil liberties freedom of
speech freedom of expression not only
did the Prime Minister reply to my
question well he replied but he didn't
answer the question I was also invited
on more4 news well with me now is miles
dying as an active member of the YouTube
community and was one of the first to
post his question for Gordon Brown on
the ask the PM site now miles do you
really think that you're going to
discover something you didn't know by
posting that question I think we're
gonna get a great deal of honesty from
the Prime Minister because he's on a an
aspect now which he's exposed I'm
posting a question everyone's gonna see
my question and then everyone's gonna
see how he's edited it and how he's
replied so if he doesn't respond to the
question he's played the rules wrong on
June the 4th 2008 I put together the
biggest YouTube collaboration video ever
with over 300 people explaining what the
online community meant to them On June
the 18th I was asked by my university to
represent them at the blended learning
conference 2008 which was not only to be
done to professor's and professional
senior members from all over Europe but
it was also to be streamed live to
blended learning conferences in
Australia and Canada as well there I
spoke about my passion on how I believe
vlogging can really help the educator
system since then I've been asked to do
lectures around the country and
furthermore senior members of the
teaching bodies have asked me to
suppress my ideas further to actually
make this become a reality on July the
5th 2008 I headed out to Texas on my
second annual US tour after Texas are
then headed out to LA on July the 19th I
was invited to the stickum HQ in
downtown LA to do my annual stick Hader
Ben stick a 2009 took place and it was
another great success
I was also interviewed in LA by author
Frederic Levy who had interviewed me in
2007 for his book 15 minutes of fame
becoming a star in the YouTube
revolution on the 8th of August i
attended the 888 youtube gathering so we
started the angel chicks foundation as
in the honour of my son the angel chicks
foundation helps families that lose
children under the age of 2 here i was
invited to speak in the show about how i
believe the internet is the most
effective way of bringing people
together and achieving fundamental goals
this was in tribute for the angel cheeks
foundation which had been formed on
youtube by brian nestle in honor of his
son I was speaking with Brian yesterday
because I was recently made aware of
this cause and I was really touched by
it because I think that saying let's
come across in the past two years for a
YouTube it's the fact that it's more
than just a website where you upload
videos it's saying that I call the
YouTube experience and although for some
of you it may be stating the obvious I
think it's a reminder that's all
important for us being here today and
that's the fact that in between these
videos in the gaps is this experience is
this way in which that we are able to
work as a community and people all over
the world today can come together and we
can share our ideas share our passions
share our values and progress with stuff
the internet site that more than 100
million viewers visit each day it's
brought instant fame and riches to
obscure performers and spawned legions
of fans some of whom are gathering in
Toronto this weekend I was nicely
interviewed by Canadian national news
network Global
news about my thoughts on YouTube
gatherings even though they spelt both
my name's Ron I'm gonna see more and
more of this spread yeah this is just
the beginning of that which is exciting
towards the end of 2008 my mental health
took a turn for the worst and therefore
making videos was put on hold
on the 14th of January 2009 I came back
strong with so many experiences that I'd
learned an F we'll set up a video called
you are not alone in which I hoped it
would be a comfort to anyone out there
in the world who was suffering in any
way and at any level the response it
received was just incredible please just
remember that you are not alone and do
remember that because there are always
people out there who will care for you
whoever stranger friend or family and
that is my youtube story almost three
years now I've been on this website and
I have to tell you I've learned so much
and I definitely would be interested in
hearing yours because we all have had
special experiences on this website and
I think it's important that we show you
what online community has really done
for this website because in the future
we all know YouTube is going to go
through many changes many of which are
for the business side of it which
perhaps neglect the online community
that has made it what it is from the
start so what do I say to that what I
say to that is don't worry because
although you can change the face of
YouTube and how it looks the one thing
you cannot change is the heart of
YouTube the people within it the people
that have been active in doing their
projects in following their passions and
expressing themselves and broadcasting
themselves as the slogan has said right
from the start I just want to use this
as a big thank you to everyone out there
who has supported me over the years that
will tell me now what are your YouTube
stories
