uh why am I doing this right I generally
hate the licensing laws which swamp
youtube at the moment with music
especially in the UK can't access many
music video isn't it so I had an idea
it's going to take much bravery it's
going to take much embarrassment it's
gonna take a lot of you I want YouTube
to be filled up with lots and lots of
covers of the songs that have been
removed all you need is a pair of
headphones these the ones I use when I
did my radio show you need to choose a
song that you want to sing plus if you
can't sing it will actually make this
better turn the volume right up so you
can only hear the music and not yourself
and then record yourself singing along
then upload it as a video response to
this video and title it with the artist
and the song name it simply means when
people in future search for the songs
they want to hear the early versions
that will be available will be your ones
but miles miles this is gonna be so
embarrassing why don't you do it well my
friends I have done it and I've not done
just one song I thought I'd do a little
medley but please don't leave me alone
on this spread the word get as many
people to contribute songs do as many
songs as you want and let's fill up
YouTube with this new concept this is
the greatest and best song in the world
you ah in the middle of the road and he
said play the best song in the world or
eat your soul so twill fed hide on a
Sunday feeling like wiggles and we're
nothing short of invincible coming out
of my cage and I be doing just fine god
I gotta be down because I wanted
yeah yeah we're gonna tell by the way I
used my walk I'm a woman's man no time
to talk dig out and women wanna be
Kate's around six hours but whip crack
when his rubber tail and the beast was
done he asked us ah bu angels soldier
boy in this Oh watch me crank it watch
me roll I just can't look it's killing
me hey girl we know you try to be crazy
one look puts the rhythm in my hands
still never understand why you hang
around I see what's going down holy
diver you be down soon longer the
midnight sea oh what's becoming of me
now it's all right it's okay you may
look the other way well I'll tell you my
friend one day this world's going to end
as your lies crumble down a new life she
has Wow watch me you now watch me you
now what's bu and we said they we are
but men rock ah
oh you're invited unrewarding but it's
just the price i play destiny is calling
me open up my eager eyes cut miss the
bright side something is coming for you
out a CD the way you go and say you're
right I can't say y'all ready can't keep
my lecture women you're a brother or
maybe you're a mother you're stayin
alive stayin alive feel the city
breaking everybody's shaking and we
stayin alive stayin alive haha still
alive stayin alive grey song in the
world ot2 good took a deep friggin
flickr goo goo flickr giggle you could
go get to the new cooking gear flickr
kiddo flickr gigas google kiss so yeah
quite that soulja boy crank that soulja
boy this is the way I what happen X up
against the wall up against the wall you
got me a buck yes the wall down in the
dog she says this doesn't huh she says
all ready steady
ah
ah yeah
