okay master it's April Fool's Day blow
my way with st. really witty okay let's
do this man you can do it you can do it
well you know what it's April Fool's Day
and here i am about to say something and
you know what it doesn't really matter
what I say because whatever i say it's
going to be a complete lie or it's going
to trick you into believing something
which you later find out isn't the case
and then he feels stupid I mean this all
just be honest here you know April
Fool's Day is a big joke in itself and
I'm pretty sure it was never set up to
be ironic in that sense wait wait wait
is miles being cynical here yeah I guess
I am alright alright i guess i should
take advantage of this great occasion i
could be predictable i'm just going to
cut to the chase all right i'm the most
awesome guy on youtube and i'm not at
the top and there's a lot of drama going
on and it's just you know I'm better
than that I just wanna say thank you to
everyone who supported me but uh you
know I think my time here is done and
therefore i'm going to be leaving
YouTube YouTube whatever you wanna call
it or even spontaneous
I can tell lies a serious this is a
banana or that trivial they've run some
checks mean I'd give me the paperwork
and they've told me it's terminal yeah
terminal five motherfuck how awesome is
that I can't wait to go it's gonna be an
amazing holiday april fools got ya what
you're crying are you such a pussy I can
tell lies about myself I have a really
small penis and lies about other people
oh oh hi mr. point hey doing yeah I'm
doing good I might absolutely love your
dress sense there with your stylish and
casual and very liberal clothing no not
really april fools day I could even
pretend that I got hurt so for this
party too many cats and carrots but
don't go too overboard you know safety
first so just use a knife like that
should be fine yes yeah right um well
pretend st. crazy like I could teleport
yes i can add tab walk but look over
there right behind you there's a big
so okay in my opinion april fools day is
useless but by all means if you manage
to get someone if you manage to take
someone's goodwill and turn it around
and manipulate them make them die inside
that someone they trusted actually got
the better of them if you can do that
then I'm brilliant oh and one last thing
on my next blog I'm going to be giving a
shout-out to the winner I've done a
competition and all the details I've put
in the description on a separate video
which is secretly hidden elsewhere so
check out if you want to get some
subscribers because it's all about
giving back to the community right so
I've just reached eighteen thousand so a
big thank you and a days till next time
I'm sorry one last thing I was really
chuffed with this i discovered that i
can make the pope do a cartwheel so i
just have to add it to the end of the
video here we go ready but you never saw
the poke do a cartwheel before
