I have a confession to make I laughed at
a dead kid okay so this evening I went
to the cinema to see watchmen again
because I love the movie so much when I
was at the cinema you know there was
adverts beforehand I found the advert on
YouTube and it's best you see it before
you take into account anything I'm about
to say so go on pause this and check it
now then press play again okay so
speeding is bad yep yep I'll agree with
that yes killing a kid is bad yeah no I
agree with that but that advert was in
insane I burst out laughing in a cinema
and I was embarrassed because I just
didn't understand what was going on my
mate look to me a bit concerned saying
ye laughing and I was like it's just so
ludicrous I'm not going to get into
jokes and why they're funny you know
superiority theory or the fact that you
laugh as a coping mechanism due to a
shocking event it was just ridiculous I
usually like the speeding adverse
because they're provocative in a sense
that it makes me feel I should really be
careful but the only thoughts I took
from that advert were god i sure hope i
don't see a dead kid when brush my teeth
oh god I hope I don't see a dead kid
when I'm walking in the park one day oh
god I hope I don't see a dead kid on the
floor one of my work please don't let
there be a dead kid by my bed when I go
to sleep tonight when I edit this video
is there going to be a dead kid
underneath the computer yeah they think
there's anything else to eat sorry I
just want to hear your thoughts on the
advert and
