hey everyone hope all is well last week
I was flown out to New York City to
attend an event called good pitch and it
left me feeling so energized and
inspired about life and my direction in
it and so in today's video I just wanted
to give an update about everything that
happened the trip was made possible by a
nonprofit organization called brick doc
who I've had the pleasure of becoming
really good friends with over the past
few years they support the creation and
distribution of documentaries around the
world with the aim to educate and help
create social change I know II thinking
this sounds like the sort of thing miles
would like to damn right is back in 2013
they gave me the privilege of
interviewing Jeremy Scahill about his
film dirty wars which was a huge turning
point in my life when he gave some
powerful advice about becoming your own
journalist and then a year later they
let me help out with the promotion of
the Snowden documentary citizen 4 and so
one of the amazing things brick works on
is this event called good pitch and it
is unlike anything I've ever experienced
before the way this event works is you
have several documentaries that are
currently in production being pitched by
the filmmakers to an audience consisting
of philanthropists NGOs campaigners
policy makers etc they then sit at a
roundtable to discuss it with supporters
of the cause and other organizations
that may be able to help and because the
event is not live stream or video
recorded there is a real magic in the
room a sense that if you want to help
now is the time to do it this is the
moment and so they have two microphones
set up meaning that anyone in the room
at any time can step forward and say hey
I really want to help you with this
whether that be financially or with
resources to be in a room with so many
passionate people and incredible stories
it was a very moving event I cried on
many many occasions and just to give you
some examples of the documentaries that
were pitched one was called dark money
which is about a grassroots effort in
Montana that aims to fix the u.s.
campaign finance system and councilwomen
about a dominican hotel housekeeper who
won a seat for Rhode Island City Council
trying to represent her community and
bring their voice
into the political system I met so many
amazing human beings at this event
including award-winning journalist Nancy
Koosman gira who is moderate in the
event Tara Houska director of honor the
earth and a leading activist at Standing
Rock against the North Dakota access
pipeline and Johan Omar who recently was
elected in Minnesota to the House of
Representatives as the first Somali
Americans hold public office in the US
as the event came to a close a group of
us then headed across the city to a
rally being held in support of Standing
Rock being someone who lives an ocean
away it was wonderful to be able to
spend some time in person alongside
American brothers and sisters who feel
the same way as I do about this terrible
event taking place in North Dakota
throughout my trip I got to speak to so
many people on the streets about current
world events and the US political system
it allowed me to have this direct sense
of the pain so many Americans were
feeling but it also allowed me to
appreciate the comfort that they took
from hearing an outsider's showing
solidarity even to the point that
BuzzFeed news wanted me to explain why I
felt the need to come out in support of
a campaign that is so far from my home I
was only in New York for three days but
looking back I definitely made the most
of it it was a hectic start though I
mean my post u.s. election video I
finished exporting that five minutes
before I had to leave this house and
head to the airport
on just one hour of sleep I stayed at
hotel Manhattan which was super funky it
had a freaking robot take care of my
luggage I mean look at that it was just
a couple of blocks away from Times
Square and just around the corner from a
street with a familiar name upon my
arrival I met up with my friend Jenn and
we took a trip down to Trump Towers
which was an interesting visit and
because I didn't have data roaming Jenn
was kind enough to let me tethered from
her phone that allowed me to do a bit of
live-streaming and complete the
all-important task of catching the US
region Pokemon torus Thank You Jenn then
on my first full day in New York City I
remembered that Bernie Sanders was going
to be on The Late Show with Stephen
Colbert but I couldn't remember when so
I looked it up and I realized it was
that evening so after my evening meeting
with Brit Doc I
down to the Late Show and waited by the
stage exit doors there weren't that many
people about I saw a photographer who
didn't seem that chatty so I just left
into it and then a couple of people came
over asking if anyone had come out yet
and I was like I'm waiting for Bernie
Sanders
ah Bernie Sanders yeah yeah yeah he just
waved and got in his car and left I was
gutted I thought this is probably his
last stop in New York City so I chatted
to the people for a bit and then the
lady off the cuff said I think he's got
a book signing tonight I'm sorry you
said what yeah yeah he's got a book
signing hey why don't you look it up on
your phone for him and I stood there for
ten minutes with this guy as his phone
failed to load up any web pages and I
was like please tell me in the end we
went our own ways I got to a Starbucks
got on the internet search lots of
different pages and finally found out
Barnes and Noble New York City book
launch for our revolution that's it
taxi arrived at Barnes and Noble at six
o'clock the event was at 7:30 there was
a queue of about a hundred people
sorry not queue line that you say in
America I fell into that trap plenty of
times that day and I thought this isn't
too bad until security came over and
said sorry sir this isn't the line this
is the line and it went all the way
around the block it was huge
so I walked all the way to the end of
the line where I said hey is this the
end and they went yeah but you need a
wristband and I was told that you got
the wristband when you bought the sign
book earlier in the day so I went all
the way to the front of the line again
into Barnes our noble to the customer
service desk hey how's it going I'm from
London England
I didn't know about this until very
recently is there any way I could get a
wristband for tonight's event and they
politely said sorry sir you only got the
wristband when you bought the book and
we've sold out as I left Barnes and
Noble I thought this is probably as far
as I'm gonna get at least I tried though
and as I started walking down the street
past the massive line I thought you know
what before I go let me record this line
with my phone and post it online to show
what an amazing turnout this has been
and so I did I went to the very top of
the line got my phone out and I began
walking and as I got about half way
round some
people started cheering because they saw
they were on camera and I thought well
this is my chance to show a bit of
solidarity Bernie Sanders has supporters
in London England by the way revolution
is global come on
isn't that what socialism is all about
and they lost them all and I left it
there and so I continued and eventually
get to the end of the line put my phone
in my pocket and think for the end of
time yeah it's time to go home I turn
around and there in front of me is a
girl who said excuse me were you the guy
who had the camera yeah yeah yeah oh
I'll call cuckoo
one of our friends couldn't make it and
had a spare wristband if he wants it you
have got to be kidding me so she walks
me halfway up the line to her friends it
was Donna and Vanessa who I want to give
a huge shout out to I was so so grateful
and strangely enough one of them
recognized me from a Bernie Saunders
video I made earlier this year except
then I had longer hair but I had the
British accent of course but way way way
it doesn't end there this wristband was
one of those paper ones you get at
festivals and it was already done up so
I had to squeeze it over my hand a very
tense situation literally speaking as
well as figuratively and as it slowly
went over it broke everyone gasped
around me it was horrible at this moment
in time it felt like the universe was
doing everything it could do for course
correction no no miles you're gonna meet
Bernie Sanders so we're gonna fix this
so Donna and Vanessa being the lovely
people that they are said I think
there's a staples about six blocks away
I ran I got there just before it closed
and because everything is so cheap in
America instead of making you pay less
they make you have to buy more so I got
a couple of glue sticks fixed it back up
got back in line and yeah I got to meet
Bernie Sanders as I approached Bernie
Sanders in the line it became clear how
little time I had to speak to him so I
thought what am I gonna say okay I got
it hey Bernie how you doing my name is
miles and I'm from London England and
I've been campaigning for you non-stop
the past two years because this
political revolution is a global one and
you know what he said damn right
is I couldn't have been happier with the
photo I got with this man
it symbolizes so much and what was most
amazing about it was when I posted it on
Facebook I got messages and comments
from people I've not heard from in years
from all walks of life who clearly knew
how much this moment meant to me and
they knew about all the effort that I
put into my activism and so I was so
humbled by it all and as I left and went
round the corner of some bookshelves
there was a crowd of people around Jane
Saunders who I managed my eye contact
with and as the staff there were trying
to usher us around I said please let me
speak to you I'm from London England I
mean it's quite a good thing to use when
you're out in America London England
seems to be a real winner and I ended up
having an amazing conversation with her
where I discussed the need for having a
transatlantic progressive movement and
that if there is anything I could do to
help our revolution from my side of the
Atlantic to get in touch and so I gave
them my details and we'll just have to
wait and see and for those of you
wondering why Bernie Sanders means so
much to me this goes beyond politics it
doesn't matter if you agree with what he
stands for solutions wise but he is
someone who has managed to rally
millions of people and waken them to a
political system that is not working
like it should be I'm someone who likes
to use my platform to educate people
about value systems and the need for
global empathy and he is a leader that
has managed to achieve so much and he
gives me hope that if I stick to my
values in the long run it will hopefully
pay off and so yeah I left Barnes &
Noble with the biggest smile on my face
and even thinking about it now I can't
believe it happened after all of those
chances of me just going home and giving
up I didn't I didn't give up this NYC
trip has been or inspiring an especially
important episode in my life because the
past three is I've gone through some
serious recovery with my mental health
and well-being trying to feel like
myself again
and so returning after many years to a
country I absolutely adore attending an
amazing event about social change being
persistent in an attempt to meet a hero
of mine
standing shoulders
shoulder with fellow activists and
meeting Internet friends this all feels
very miles s to me and so I left feeling
so inspired and happy with life so from
the bottom of my heart a huge thank you
to Britt doc for this invitation and
especially Jess search who has done so
much for me over the years given me some
amazing opportunities that have really
helped shape the person that I am today
they say that home is where the heart is
and over those three days that
definitely felt like home on my final
day I managed to get my hands on some
epic New York Pizza get as close as I
could to the teenage Mutant Ninja
Turtles visited Grand Central Station
for the first time and just walked
around and explored the city I found
myself wandering a bit of course when
trying to get back to the hotel and when
I looked around I realized I was
standing outside Barnes & Noble again it
must have been another sign because when
I went through the doors there in front
of me was a copy of Bernie Sanders our
revolution which has been an amazing
read and as if the trip couldn't get any
better on the flight home I look to my
right and there were three empty seats I
turned it into a bed and when asking for
some wine to help me sleep
they gave me two bottles so I actually
slept five hours which is unlike me I
can never sleep on flights it was really
good and while I was away my post u.s.
election video had done really well and
I had over fifty new people become
patrons so thank you so so much and my
youtube channel for the first month
since I've started making regular
content again has had a net gain in
subscribers woo it all seems to be going
so well like this great sense of
momentum
I just feel grateful I'm very lucky and
although it's been a very difficult time
in my life this feels like a sign that
if I run with this momentum many many
more great things are gonna occur so
thank you so so much for all the support
you've given me because whether you are
just a viewer sharing my video content
or becoming a patron all of that helps
me and it's because of you I'm able to
have experiences like this forgive me if
this update video turns out to be a long
one but what can I
say there were a lot of good things to
talk about and if this does happen to be
your first ever video of mine hello
be sure to subscribe to my youtube
channel and like my Facebook page
because I upload new videos every week I
am just so full of love inspiration and
energy right now so thank you thank you
thank you
you are such lovely people and I guess I
will see you next week
adios until next time
