I'm starving it's what I decided to eat
today well being a student I obviously
go for really classy food pie and I care
does it sound delish it's absolutely
amazing when cooked trust me when you
open the can it is disgusting it's like
dog food I mean it could be jelly and
because i really need time to pass right
now cuz I'm so starving I forward to do
a catch-up blog now lately I've been get
up two loads of uni work and it's been
really difficult because I've had like
at eight thousand word project and I
just don't really need that right now my
office I'm really good makes with the
band and I'm best friends with the
guitarists Alex and bench that you would
have seen my videos before I just want
to say I'm so so proud of them because
by going rang last week didn't malifesh
for k's there's Alex looking pretty
serious and there's a been looking
serious they're all looking pretty
serious actually Mel hammer this month
or who would be in it yes you guessed it
and they got a out of ten go check them
out on their myspace because they've
actually put their whole new album on
there for you to listen to for free and
if you like it please go out and buy it
because you know they really try to get
out there and they need your support
talking of heavy metal I found it really
funny lately that a lot of people still
coming up to me going oh you look I did
the heavy metal farmer and people said
they really liked my vehicles and they
were so bad because it was such a
last-minute thing I did it into my
camera in the car and I just went like
you know gals go away dyed blonde and
sent it and then it was used and then
like what one and a half million views
was in Metal Hammer a few months ago
actually described as donkor and wearing
tank tops because it's the weather's
getting nice and that but this wasn't
actually a tank top it was basically a
t-shirt and I just caught off isn't that
amazing many of you would have seen that
I've been starting to wear a headband
yes the headband is the sleeves from the
t-shirt so I have two of them isn't that
great would you make it a headband look
so I look proper 80s I mean some people
say I look like Rambo wha I'm starting a
gym pressing weights again because my
phys
he's going my muscles of gum feels like
that pine the canned stuff with the
headband or without so I had a question
right and I wanted to ask you all have
you ever been a good yeah I hate that
word and I'll bleeped it but you know
the word the really bad word have you
ever done something that you know if
anyone else did it you would spit on him
for it not saying all friendships but
you know fittings not nice then I'll put
that in yeah hello my French viewers i
do love you just not when your spin i
thought i'd give you a few examples then
i'd like to hear your story so post this
video comment i'm driving down the
motorway the freeway i'm in the fast
lane doing the speed limit because I'm a
good driver and some guy pulls up right
up close starts tailgating all the way
so what I like to do use my window
wipers and spray water because it
actually hits the car behind me cuz
he'll be driving like that and then out
of nowhere it's like and they have
to back away a bit use the wipers and
then they come in again if I do it three
times and the car still coming close
behind me than I think fair play you
know what you've endured it and they can
pass you know when you're at shows and
the bands like you come on everyone clap
here and I'm a I like to clap out of
time I was going when you get a grip you
mates to do it ends up being a minute
the drummer was going and he lost it I
felt so no I didn't feel bad i felt
quite pleased actually okay and my final
thing left for dead i am obsessed with
this game i play it on the pc it's where
you go around you're shooting zombies
and that you have to work together i run
on ahead to the safe house and i use up
all the health packs and then they all
come along and they say
has anyone noticed this but the views on
youtube videos have gone down might have
shot right down and I don't know what's
going on I don't know if it's just an
error or if I'm just being cuz no
no no honestly I understand if I want to
be really popular on YouTube you know
for the sake of been popular I need to
do random little videos where I hold up
a pen and go this is a banana aah laughs
out loud laugh out loud lots of fangirls
going men Olga and that was so in
creative I know I'm really cynical but
someone's got to inject a reality check
into the online community right why not
me my god I am so hungry i would say i'd
eat a horse but when I've had people say
it before I then hear other people
convincing about how its to do with them
wanting to eat the horse's penis I'm REE
sure that's not the case although if you
were to your horse I do suppose the
penis alone would fill you up quite
nicely yeah by the way in the kitchen
we've got one of these things and put
batteries in it so it keeps nodding like
that and in China it's a symbol for good
luck as opposed to in our culture it'd
be a symbol for disability hmm so as you
know for Red Nose Day and giving out
these to the two best video responses of
jokes and the best text joke so who won
well the two best video jokes you can
actually see in the description box
build TV mac on and berry and help me
decide on the best text comment joke I
actually spoke with the guys who did the
red nosed a block TV show and we decided
the best joke was by Sheikh TV which was
about a man he goes to a doctor and says
that he's got a mole on his penis and
can it can a doctor sought out on the
doctors like yeah yeah with only
trousers but he said if I remove that
mole then I'm afraid I'm gonna have to
report you to the RSPCA oh oh and
there's a website called Daily Brief if
you heard about it imagine it you take a
photo everyday and you add a little
caption with it you can actually convert
all those photos the website does it
into a YouTube video I've only been
doing it for just over a week now but
already it looks like this
so yeah definitely do sign up seriously
it is such a great website and be sure
to follow me on my feet running yes now
when cooking it's all about presentation
yet what about presentation right I'm
going to go and eat it now so audience
