firstly I want to say sorry I look so
rough I'm down with flu at the moment
and I tried to make myself look
reasonably presentable and I think I've
failed epicly as many of you would know
there was very tragic nice today in
regards to the conservative leader David
Cameron and his wife Samantha who lost
this morning their six-year-old child
there some was ill with cerebral palsy
and a rare condition of epilepsy and
although he was in rough conditions for
most of his life he was in good care and
of course the loss of a child will
always be a shock no matter what the
circumstances are now for me the reason
I make this video is the knock-on effect
of this happening did shock me in a
certain way and that was with the fact
that in Parliament in prime minister
question time when the prime minister
gave his condolences when William Hague
stepped in for though Cameron and other
MPs showed their thoughts they managed
to put all their political views aside
and they actually seemed human and there
was this degree of sincerity that is
just so rarely shown by politicians of
today I feel and I'm sure that it won't
last for long give it a few days and I'm
sure they will be back to heckling
laughing like schoolchildren and this is
just a shame as travesty to live in a
free society I'm in a part of a
generation that's never experienced what
it is to not be free and it could be
perhaps a reason why a lot of people do
take it for granted and why a lot of
people do abuse the freedoms that we do
have how is this related I just find it
remarkable how unfortunately due to the
death of a child that that is the
catalyst for politicians actually been
able to communicate in mature manners
and while coming across as human beings
and it's a shame that this can't always
be the case now of us all being in a
time of recession is a dark time
economically and we're all struggling
but the realism behind it is it all
gives us a chance to reflect on what is
important in life we will experience
bereavement in life but the loss of a
child is a huge exception
no one should have to ever experience
that so what's the point of the video
you may be asking well as many of you
know my channel is all about being open
about who you are not worrying about the
slogans of being emo when you express
yourself and actually being true to who
you are and unfortunately we live in a
society where it's safe fabricated with
so much political correctness stand with
so much of this um notion that you know
people want to jump on others when
they're down and keep them down which is
especially big in the UK so I guess my
question to you on this video is what
would it take to mend the world with all
its problems in a way that everyone is
empathetic everyone is human when
dealing with these issues what will it
take for someone to stand up for their
fellow man and you know what would it
take for a politician to talk to an
opponent on an issue and go you know
what I don't agree with what you say but
I realized that you know you have a
right to express what you feel and
together with maturity and with the same
common goal of wanting to improve the
world that we realized that if one of us
has proven wrong that's not a bad thing
because with being wrong a lesson is
learn and also with one idea being
dismissed which showed that another idea
is promoted forward it's always sad when
you hear of tragic news and as I said
the death of a child is just horrific
and my thoughts like that of many other
people in the country fopen these is
with the camera and family and you know
sincerity should be shown on occasion
like this and perhaps the question of
what would it take I've already answered
the question with some of the points
I've made in this video and if some of
you feel that it's a redundant question
that doesn't need to be asked because
you may say it's just the way it's going
to be but my question really is does it
take the death of a child and to bring
politicians together because no matter
what our views are we're very very
similar because we're human
