in recent times I've suffered from all
ah say it properly in recent times I've
suffered from all I I can't say this now
in recent times come inside probably I
feel like I'm saying it's so depressing
they say it's weird I'm trying to sound
depressed how that's that okay oh good
okay serious now angels not helping on
camera in recent times it's because I
always know that when I do videos like
this people think I'm being so
pretentious and it's not i'm trying to
express emotion but right now normally
i'm trying to be happy but now i'm
trying to be sad outtakes i guess yeah
it has to be in recent times I can't do
this oak in recent times I just hear my
voice and I can already hear in violin
playing in the background the smallest
violin in the world all my family's died
in a horrific accident in recent times
that doesn't work that that never works
that never works in recent times I've
suffered I can't do this site I can't I
feel my mouth twitching like it's going
to smile okay
I'll give it five minutes i'm still
messing up slap myself in debt okay
that's cool
in recent times I've suffered from oh
I've had to endure and consequently I've
learnt to fight destiny no more today's
the day that I put past pain to an end
now start a new beginning my new best
friend what do you think a bit too crazy
I just feel like a weight has been sort
of lifted literally from my head
