I hate doing update videos but this is
one that I definitely should be doing
and something that I owe to everyone out
there since my last video the emails
I've been having has been absolutely
incredible I cannot express my thanks
for all the support I've been having
it's been a tough time it's still a
tough time but I've been working through
things I've been on stickam a lot and
everyone's been keeping me company while
be living alone because all my family's
holiday and that little expressed before
it's been pretty tough and yeah just
everyone's emails if I haven't replied
if I physically can in like two days I
had over 500 comments and emails and the
majority of them were paragraphs of
people talking about their experiences
and what they had to offer and I just
really really appreciate that and I'm
getting professional help now I've just
come back from getting some counseling
today it was productive it was mainly me
chatting non-stop for 50 minutes so I
guess it would be just love watching and
all one of my videos and yeah I just
appreciate all the support and if you
need to contact me you can contact me in
any of the things that you see in the
description box stickam facebook or
myspace and on live journal and i post a
blog every day update in it and on
myspace I post the same blog there so
that's it I don't go on and just thank
you very much I'm on the improve I've
got a long way to go but um I owe it to
you so I love you and will speak soon
take care
