hi my name is Mars Dyer and whether
you're normally watching my videos or
hopefully someone new I just want a
moment of your time to reflect on some
thoughts about something which affects
all of us and its government and
politics now whether you're young or
your old whether you're male or female
whether you're religious or not
religious wherever you are in the world
in whatever situation I want you just to
listen to this and I want you to
contribute your thoughts and I want us
together to get something out there now
I'm not sure if this is something which
occurs in other countries but some think
that has been in my mind for many many
years not just my mind but the minds of
many others is the frustration the
government have this ability to sort of
allow the same thing to go on and on
without getting to the point so I guess
the question straight away is why they
politicians speak the truth but first of
all I want to express how I'm a very
open minded and balanced person what I
like to think in most cases so first I'm
going to defend the government okay the
way I work in life is through empathy I
like to empathize with people in
situations and try and allow other
people to understand you know what it
must be like so right you're a manager
of a business and the Sun is posted a
complaint due to someone who is working
let's say on the shop floor in a
department store so they may get a bit
of hassle from the customer but at the
end of the day if it was something big
that got in the press it would be the
manager who would take responsibility
for something that he hadn't directly
done he may have people underneath him
who was supposed to sort the people out
on the shop floor now if you times that
by a hundred at least you've got the
prime minister so let's take the Prime
Minister of Great Britain okay he is
there to do a job of running the country
I agree and he knows he's doing that but
at the same time can't people just get
it into their heads that he is a human
being like you and I how the hell is one
individual supposed to run a country oh
yes he has people who work for him
advisers and that
but whenever something happens in a
particular aspect of the country whether
someone gets stabbed or there is an MP
who has been scrutinized for fiddling
with finances I mean need to just
generalize points not specifics it will
always come back to him and blame has to
be put on someone so we'll put it at the
person who is the head of our country as
much as i can understand people's
frustrations I'm sure you can understand
the fact that sometimes we just let
anger overtake us and we like to put the
blame so for the first point I just want
to say that to some extent I understand
and I empathize with how politics work
and how it must be a hard job to run a
country however my second point is the
other end of the spectrum about how if
us the people are to empathize and
understand with the government what do
they need to do now as many of you may
know I took part in the ass the Prime
Minister campaign that was done on
YouTube where I got to ask question I
asked about freedom of speech in that
and the Prime Minister of Great Britain
Gordon Brown did reply miles you're
raising some very big points about our
civil liberties freedom of speech
freedom of expression freedom of the
press in our country freedom of assembly
now these are all freedoms liberties
that I believe are the basis the
fundamental heart of our Constitution
now it can be questionable of did he
answer my question stripe but the same
question can be made was my question a
good one and I'll let you decide that
and I'll put the links in the
description box but when you watch news
programs and you listen to interviews on
the radio and politicians are talking
about issues don't you get frustrated
when they just don't get to the point
and I can ever you know get the fall out
of my head that someone is behind their
back just before they go on and they say
you can't say this you can say this and
if they ask you about it try and circle
around the issues I just feel that there
is this need in politics to you know
humanize government to make them speak
straight with us government always come
along and go you want better health
service you want immigration saw it out
as examples but they say is if they've
just come along out of
we're and we're starting from scratch
and it just comes up again and again but
why can't they just say this is what
we're sorting out these are the issues
at the moment if they're struggling they
can say so maybe I'm just being naive
and ignorant and they can't actually say
that but this goes on to another point
about party politics have you ever
watched the house of lords or the House
of Commons when they're debating stuff
these are people who try to manage our
country who do such childish stuff you
know they laugh at each other make jokes
make snide little comments and they
don't get to the point you know they
will all do stuff so they get elected
which is necessary but at the same time
there should be this honesty Boris
Johnson who was elected recently as
mayor of london whether you like him or
not something he said in his opening
speech was he was going to be willing to
allow Ken Livingstone the previous mayor
of london to work by his side and he was
saying that we live in a time now where
it shouldn't be about you know separate
parties I mean of course that needs to
be competition but it should be about
bringing ideas discussing them and
getting the best ones to help the
community and people running our country
should have the maturity dudes you know
to do that and I don't see it and I
might just completely blind to the fact
that they can't because if they were to
be honest and say oh you know the you
know the the National Health Service
isn't running well then they'd be kicked
out but then you know that's where I
come back to my first point about
empathizing we should be able to
empathize and realize that these people
are have got such a tough job running
our country but in return they need to
speak honestly and treat us like adults
so where do you come into this well as
many of you know I believe that YouTube
and the Internet is a great way to get
your voice cell and when I did the ass
the Prime Minister campaign I was
interviewed on channel 4 news about my
thoughts which shows that they are
watching out there the media is watching
out there I think we're going to get a
great deal of honesty from the Prime
Minister because he's on a an aspect now
which he's exposed I'm posting in
question everyone's going to see my
question and then everyone's going to
see how he's edited it and how he's
replied so if he doesn't respond to the
question he's played the role
the government are watching out there
I've even spoken with downing street at
some point and they do watch what is
going on out there so wherever you are
in the world whatever government you are
run by I want you to post your thoughts
here if you experience similar things
but even for those of you who don't
usually post video responses I know some
of you don't like to post stuff
alongside your usual videos set up a new
account and do a response channel as
long as you get a video up or just post
comments I want you to check this video
out I want you to send it to everyone
you know I want you to you know email
your local MPs I want you to email
Downing Street I want you to email
everywhere so we can get a
straightforward answer and dialogue
running with the leaders and the members
of parliament of our country and the
politicians of others maybe I just lost
the plot but this is just something that
is brought up in the media over and over
again and I just think that we need to
sort of wake up and we need to grow up
and we need to say you know surely we
have the maturity to be honest between
those running the countries and the
people that are you know a part of it so
post up video responses comments just
spread this everywhere and hopefully we
can see where this goes it just
frustrates me and hopefully I'm not the
only one thank you
