hey everyone hope all is well we will
soon discover who the next president of
the United States will be and although a
Hillary Clinton presidency seems likely
I still think Donald Trump could win if
he does
here are five likely reasons why number
one political apathy Donald Trump and
Hillary Clinton are two of the most
disliked candidates in modern American
history whose campaigns have helped
nurture a culture of negative
partisanship but just because a voter
dislikes one candidate more that doesn't
necessarily mean they'll end up voting
for the other and thus you also create
pockets of political apathy back in 2008
outsider Barack Obama won the Democratic
nomination with huge amounts of organic
momentum from enthusiastic supporters
that continued into the general election
helping him secure the presidency this
time you had Vermont senator Bernie
Sanders almost achieved the same thing
creating a grassroots movement with
hundreds of thousands of volunteers
energized rallies and a clear
progressive message but Hillary
Clinton's campaign coordinated with the
DNC and corporate media organizations in
an attempt to stop this momentum and
they were successful
this left Hillary Clinton with the
difficult task of bringing on board all
of the primary voters especially those
under the age of 30 who voted for Bernie
Sanders to galvanize voters you need a
strong message that makes people feel as
though that they are fighting for
something not just against someone which
brings us to point number two number two
this is a referendum on the
establishment there is only one change
candidate out of the two main parties
and it's not Hillary Clinton change
isn't always good though but for some of
those Americans craving such Trump is
their method of sending a message
directly to Washington Michael Moore
describes him as a human Molotov
cocktail which makes sense because when
you have people who feel ignored and
left behind with nothing to lose they
may believe that by starting a fire you
get those at the very top to start
paying attention as they are forced to
turn on the sprinklers to put it out for
everyone the only problem is if chaos
ensues it will be the working class and
the most vulnerable sections of society
that suffer most as a
Donald Trump is seen by supporters has
been the anti-establishment candidate of
this election which is debatable he may
be against the political establishment
but he is a big part of the business
establishment this perception of him
only strengthens though when senior
members of the GOP publicly expressed
their disapproval and when he is up
against Hillary Clinton
one of the most establishment candidates
in American history Sarah Sanders is the
only person who I think would
characterize me a woman running to be
the first woman president as
exemplifying the establishment this
moment is an illustrative example of how
badly the Democratic Party have misread
the anti-establishment sentiment that
currently exists and although the
national media loves to frame the
election has been a battle between two
individuals this isn't the way all
voters view it for example despite the
disgusting and repulsive attitude Trump
has shown to other human beings the
desire for change runs so deep that some
voters will find themselves disapproving
of this whilst at the same time voting
for the change that he represents they
support the message but not the
messenger number 3 shaming rarely wins
votes election shouldn't just be about
winning the presidency but winning a
battle of ideas - and so it's the job of
candidates their campaign and their
supporters to reach out and earn the
votes of those not yet convinced you
could put half of Trump supporters into
what I call the basket of deplorable
--zz I haven't had a conversation with
anyone who doesn't like Hillary where
they've had anything meaningful to say I
will consider it a personal insult an
insult to my legacy if this community
lets down its guard and fails to
activate itself in this election now
having said all this why aren't I 50
points ahead you might ask well the
choice for working families has never
been clearer
- the birdie or bust people
you're being ridiculous
I feel sorry sometimes for the young
people who you know believe this they
don't do their own research I think if
you vote for Hillary your grown-up yeah
if you vote for Trump you're a sucker
right if you don't vote for anybody
you're an asshole just remember there's
a special place in hell for women who
don't help each other even if your
remarks feel totally justified this kind
of rhetoric is unlikely to bring new
people to your side or worse it makes
them more likely to stay standing where
they already are also shaming voters
creates an environment where people are
less likely to vocalize what they really
believe ahead of Election Day it closes
down opportunities for conversation if
only there was a way to address those
you strongly disagree with in a manner
that is about unity and not division and
we've got a stand with those people who
are being attacked today but at the same
time it's not good enough to say that
racism and xenophobia is bad we've got
to reach those people today who are so
angry or so hateful and say yes you have
a right to be angry don't take it out on
the Muslims work with us to create an
agenda and a political movement that
will make your life better not just
other people's life force number four
the media is too late and doing its job
the corporate media often loves to build
people up only to tear them down again
it's great for ratings and thus revenue
but after giving Donald Trump almost
three billion dollars in free
advertising they can't seem to stop him
remember when his empty podium got more
coverage than Bernie Sanders winning a
primary Donald Trump has taken advantage
of the huge distrust that exists for
mass media I've already created a video
highlighting six problems with the
mainstream media that you should check
out but one of the key points is how
news organizations just reports what
people say even if it's false
this allowed Trump to use the media as a
megaphone and because the importance of
fact-checking only became a big topic
for discussion among mainstream
journalists so late into the election
cycle people are now even more
suspicious thinking things like what if
they weren't holding him accountable and
in fact checking from the start why are
they trying now what's their agenda I
could say a lot more about this
but it's just so depressing if only
there was a candidate who stood up to
the media and constantly tried to bring
the conversation back to the issues so
we have got the demand of corporate
media and that's gonna be hard because
this is against their own best interest
NBC is owned by who Comcast our
overlords are Comcast it's not one of
the most popular corporations in America
right now all right etc etc and I think
the American people are gonna have to
say to NBC and ABC you'll see the SNC in
it you know what forget the political
gossip politics is not a soap opera talk
about the real damn issues facing this
country number five third parties there
are more independent voters in the US
than Republicans and Democrats so that
is a portion of the population that
political party should take into
consideration when choosing their
candidate so old-fashioned slogans like
always vote blue or always vote red can
be really off-putting to others Pew
Research found that when it comes to
young voters no generation in history
has ever been so allergic to a party
label when there is so much dislike for
the two main candidates people will of
course look towards third parties
whether that be Jill Stein's Green Party
or Gary Johnson's libertarian party but
people were warned about the Ralph Nader
effect or how voting third party is a
wasted vote but most commonly they will
say this is not the year to vote third
party the only problem with this claim
though is it's the same claim we hear
every election cycle I remember hearing
it when Barack Obama was against John
McCain and then against Mitt Romney and
now we hear it about Donald Trump even
if this statement is correct
on all three occasions is it any wonder
why it leaves people thinking so when is
the right time to vote for a third party
because every election cycle the choice
we are given gets worse many third party
supporters know that they won't win this
election but they also know that by
getting 5% of the popular vote they will
become eligible for public funding in
the next one but with the race being so
close between the two main candidates
five percent could be what makes the
difference
once again this election will be a
referendum on the establishment from
any voters who will be expressing their
dislike for how things currently are in
a variety of ways and I think third
parties could be playing a very big role
in this election for better or worse so
there you go 5 reasons why Donald Trump
could in fact become President of the
United States thank you so much for
watching please like and share this
video with everyone and why not comment
with your thoughts I'm really interested
to read them no matter what your
perspective may be and if you'd like to
support the videos that I do please
visit patreon.com forward slash moles
diet for more information you can help
me for as little as one dollar a month
and on that subject I'd like to quickly
thank my amazing patron Lisa who sent me
this t-shirt from across the ocean I
love it thank you I post videos every
week so be sure to like my Facebook page
and subscribe to my youtube channel if
you haven't already and I will see you
next Thursday
adios till next time
you
