so the past week I've been spending time
with a friend on on stickam called
Giselle so the past week I had miles
come stay with me and I'm menem off
stickam about half a year ago it's been
a really cool experience I mean every
day of the week we've been going out and
just enjoying ourselves yeah we've gone
out 10 time and then some things on the
first day I was taken to santa monica
beach to the pier where there were
arcades rides and lots of sunshine I
took miles to the Santa Monica Pier and
I went to a job interview
which is annoying we walk down the end
of the pier and then we couldn't walk
back because they're somebody movie or
TV show is filming some basketball
players run down the pier so stalled
there for like 20 minutes then after
that I went to arcade and to watch miles
play arcade games and after playing your
case win lots of tickets I won this
amazing prize it's a base book after one
hour of miles wasting all of his money
he got this prize that was what he
wasted about twenty dollars of his money
on it's awesome okay and anyway a day
later we decided to go out bowling in
the evening it was too busy so we
decided to come back later except
Giselle was too tired to do so so we
decided to rent out some movies miles
decided to renounce the movies we chose
together vantage point cloverfield and
death at a funeral that was only one I
just um I think vantage point was kind
of confusing but as right as
entertaining but does that a funeral
and cloverfield and well clothed build
was so film here I really see but I can
see why I keep want to you again it was
an awesome movie is probably one of my
all-time favorites not necessary as a
movie but for what it stood for but i'll
leave the review for another time it was
really good it was very face it was
scary that's good which could leave only
one more movie my toys death a funeral
we still haven't watched it will watch
it before I go probably not well tonight
we went to an improv show goes my idea
it was actually really funny improv
shows aren't normally funny but yeah
anyway it's been a really great week and
it's been really really awesome to hang
out with Giselle hanging out with Miles
has been interesting she's a great
character and very very full of life
miles is actually really dull and boring
I don't know how he covers it up in his
videos if she ever wants to visit
England I'd be more than happy to have a
Rover and shy around um I might visit
him one day but might be wash my hair I
mean she's even more entertaining than
Peter file can't be said for many and
yet just everything I've seen this
video's being really honest and truthful
and I've generally enjoyed myself this
week everything I've said has been
scripted including that and that and
that and and so that it's been alright
I guess yeah
guess I'll be senior should I close do
after what oh sorry ups to go yeah take
your crap I'm oh I feel of mine yeah
okay yeah go please
yes thanks okay more stuff and get it
walk slowly again I see ya
