yeah miles that's mine you take long to
edit trust me and you gonna be reaching
out to the whole community and know how
much you like that so this can be pretty
good so it's pretty good exposure as
well I think because if we're just
interesting yeah very interesting oh
wait it's actually made me think this
one idea i had actually well it did but
i'll talk about it anyway i have this
basic script here on my desk and I think
this is going to be huge with my
exposure here this is the script for it
it has such huge potential to obtain
tens of thousands subscribers and live
within days oh really what's that then
using Leeson over at the center picture
no not least some over your one of these
lengths of credibility yeah all right
this is genius it involves them playing
the role of this epic diverse
multi-layered incredible genuine
character you then get much about
YouTube these days oh so who is he who
is he who is he oh I guess you would ask
that because I haven't told you yet well
let me just read you some scrip man all
right then
hey guys is it kid what's up my fellow
ma shoes so guess what today is my day
off today I would go outside to face my
day off but I can't my mom says that the
sun the sun is back your skin sunlight
but I don't care what my mom says I'm
gonna do it anyway I'm gonna go in
systemic you watch me here we go oh my
god that was so bad it gives me still
have to go down the house guess what I'd
your sound what's this mr. Tiger what
you have to say okay oh yeah that's so
very interesting I don't buy my ear
don't buy my hair oh no I got some
stairs to go down I hate the stairs I
really hope I don't throw down him wow
wow I'm going downstairs and that was
not fun warning beware of the stairs
beware the stare what did my hat go wait
am I HECO mr. ha mr. haire the stairs
kill mr. hat I'll get you serious mr.
head step will be a finish you will pay
oh no no this is terrible news why on my
day off did the head have to die oh well
time to cereal I don't know what to have
a breakfast but I'm sure I'll find out
oh goody cereal I absolutely love cereal
I have it like all the time for
breakfast if I have a wake up that early
crunchy you know what hate when I do
cereal I hate it when you get it in your
eyes I hope I don't get in my eyes like
I say already likes a lorry I hope I
don't get it in my eyes oh my god that
sounds so ironic like I could perhaps
get it in my eyes
nice my they got in my eyes oh no I got
it on the floor looks like not just in
my eyes looks like I better clear it up
in some sort of crazy style doesn't
taste quite as so peed on the floor but
my mom then we stars it up to me that
way I just don't know what to do on my
day off I gotta find site I got
something quick so what're pressure it's
too much pressure it should be easy the
jewels of boo-boos yeah why don't you do
Queenie know what's this oh my god again
then again I mean I've always wanted to
play with one of these what am i running
around forward it looks like so much fun
it's just like in the movies paper what
you doing put the gun down this is so
fun I could do so much with this haha
this is so bad oh and in the movies you
know where they go and then they're in a
corner and I have nowhere to escape like
they having a day off and they don't
know what to do I've come together I
can't deal with this I have nothing to
do I hate the sunlight yeah I'll do it
just haha I didn't really die I didn't
really died haha cuz Ted is that bad you
get it right Ted and dead
oh that was so buddy I can't believe I
got you some people say I'm unbearable
some people say I'm annoying I don't
know why well you know what I don't care
if you find me annoying I have some
great words of wisdom from a great
friend of mine come Fred guess what Fred
said get it Fred said French a really
inspirational quote which went like this
see ya what's a thing you think I know
totally
