I thought I'd make an effort with my
jazzy look you should try Gordon I think
it would see you very very well hello
mr. prime minister thank you so much for
giving this opportunity my name is Miles
Dyer and I do indeed have a question for
you now being a part of an online
community such as YouTube the greatest
thing about it is the freedom of
expression of ideas of concepts and
communities coming together with no fear
of you know the right thing to say but
outside the front door out there in the
real world as some call it there is
issues such as political correctness
which as I'm sure you are aware of has
become an increasingly more restrictive
issue over the past decade I find it
ironic that the increase of political
correctness throughout the years has
been used to help social liberties and
to protect people but in fact it is
restricted these things and restricted
freedom of speech so my question to you
prime minister is do you believe that
freedom of speech has been restricted
and political correctness has in fact
gone mad and if so what do you think
could be done to improve this situation
thank you
you
you
