the stars of upstage okay it's now time
for the results of the upstaged grand
final both our finest of enjoyed huge
supports with hundreds of thousands of
votes being cast Cataracs God's family
have come down from Scotland to be here
tonight and found that the bloggers have
deserted their pc's just for us to show
their support in person okay wow this is
so Hardy and where do I start do I
introduce what I've been up to because
so many of you know or do I just talked
about how I'm feeling right now this is
so hard to do and a lot I pre or some of
you but the usual lot think I'm putting
this on or an exaggerated in the United
dramatic but um i think for being in the
experience that I have been along with
the members of the team and if you will
actually be in previous experience which
is the first time ever something has
happened in the history of mankind it's
surreal there was a I'll give a quick
introduction plays you don't know there
was a TV show syrup on BBC called
upstaged which is where you spend six
hours in a box and you have to entertain
you shown invention and event at Allen
and you have to obtain as many votes as
you can within the six hours and people
can vote up to five stars every three
minutes and it's broadcasted through the
BBC on this online website and if you
get enough fights you go through to the
next day and you take on the next
challenger who has been accepted through
the website if you do four days which is
24 hours you get forward to the
quarterfinals and so on and so on we did
40 hours in total with the final been
four hours and we want and this was a
vision I had from sep tember when I was
contacted by the BBC as well as many
other people
I up helped develop the shows in some
ways little things nothing significant
but we did it and together with a cross
section of the UK community they're all
going to tell their story I've put all
the links in the description box and I'm
sure they'll post how they're feeling
and today is tuesday and sunday night
was the result night yes they I was
coming back and last night slept so much
and when you've spent time in a hotel
with these people and you only move when
you leave by security taxis and you'll
separate from the world and finish the
show use and you get back about one in
the morning and then you go to sleep
after doing some promotion work so three
hours sleep a night and it's constant
I'm and it's a build-up for this grand
final and it's really intense and my
vision has always been on you achieve
about community and there's a lot of
people who talk about community but it's
questionable is that really their
intention had lost people free
accusations my way am I genuine your
name do I really care about humanity am
i doing it just for myself and I guess
with those people the only way I can
prove it is if you meet up with me and I
hope people who have met me in person
can sort of defend me tula because i
think that's the only way you can't
relay when you post up a video on a
website it's some ideas it's not the
person necessarily although they may be
honest but you're only focusing on
particular ideas when you meet son in
person you're able to influence the
conversation and ask questions which
allow you to truly know in your own
opinion I just want to say a huge thank
you to everyone who supported us um
across the world this has been something
so so special to me and the other
members and the community as a whole
online so I've always one of the proof
was just how the Internet can achieve
anything and although a lot of people
didn't really see it when we were doing
this show we got a lot of doing at times
we got I love
got a lot of criticisms from across the
board of other acts of what a disgrace
it was we were allowed to be in it about
how we were cheating how we were making
a joke this competition how we weren't
talented all these sort of things and I
guess that sir caters to the next level
and the fact that I stood there
alongside other people I mean in the
semi-finals I said how shocked I was
thank you and you hear people screaming
get a life you loser blah blah
blah if you can deal with that I think
he can deal with anything and just when
we heard the final result it's now time
for the grand final results
we've counted and checks the votes for
Don 1977 on stage one Hugh stage
bloggers from the UK on stage two since
then to now my world has been shattered
um today I don't know what to do with
myself I spoken with other members of
team they do not deliver themselves I'm
setting up this video I've been walking
around the house not sure what to do um
I've got finals prayer for you need a
week oh that's a good thing it was just
it happened too quickly and I don't know
how to explain it but I've had a vision
for online community for years now and
it's like I've you know gone for
incredibly of you know gatherings I've
done in the UK I did stick aid for
charity events and that was an emotional
thing but this is the most emotional
because it's it's the fact that there
are people all across the world who
spend their time together and they
believed in us and I just find that
absolutely remarkable and I can't
express my thanks enough people haven't
seen since primary school secondary
school people who may have not spoken to
me for ages or getting back in touch
saying old please stay in touch before
you get famous and I just find that
funny because I've been told that for
two years now and although I am building
up a profile perhaps I always care about
people if you come into my stickam
chattering link is in the box um I never
sort of put myself above people people
who come into my room I'll spend the
time I'll try and learn all your names
all this sort of stuff cuz people mean
the world to me and I'm I find it so
emotional and as you probably saw when
we got that result I didn't say anything
and after four hours performing live on
the in
I can now reveal that the acts the
upstage community has chosen as the
ultimate upstage champion and the winner
of the 10,000 pound prize is I was
almost in tears and is it was just the
pressure that and I've made videos likes
before but two years ago over two years
ago people didn't believe in me people
didn't understand things I was trying to
say and I was just trying to help help
and I've got to a point in my life which
is overwhelming I don't know what to do
with myself today and saw him crying I
don't care about crying but it just
makes me look rough but um this means a
great deal to me and I know a big
criticism with us winning the show and I
go back to criticisms because I think
it's fair to put both perspectives in
there so you know what was thrown us but
Don who we were against was a great guy
but of course he was doing stuff on an
emotional basis people criticize that
there was no emotion behind what we did
I just think it was because we were more
focused on what we were doing and
there's a lot of back stories to us
individually and as a group and for
those here involved in the stage
community the specific you will know we
lost a great great supporter and this
was definitely dedicated to the end to
her we didn't mention it on the show um
cuz personally we didn't feel it was
right to sort of add to a competition a
strengthened emotional element but
that's just the way we are and I think
the fact that we've played it all the
way free by just doing what we do and
putting trust in the community and was
incredible you staged bloggers from the
confederations took dawn at 1977
oh my god
what does it mean to you
everything you know because it shows
will be time
so guys well done they are your upstage
winners and that is its thank you to all
the acts that took five is events but I
just want to say to anyone out there
they're from today till the end of time
that I'm doing what I'm doing is that my
intentions are always for the best if
you don't like what I do I'm not going
to hate you for it because we all have
opinions and different things if I ever
come across as arrogant or pretentious
it's not because of that is because I'm
passionate and when I accept that saying
that I can do can benefit other people
I'm going to strive to that because
surely if you did a positive thing you
should keep going with that and that's
what I plan on doing if people think
that I act godlike then I apologize
because I'm the same guy that was
posting videos two years ago when i was
getting 10 to 50 views per video it's
just it's on a wider audience and
probably because of that you may think
my hood mentality has changed but how
can I prove it to you then I just hope
to meet you because that's what I do
this on the internet it's to meet new
people and to make differences as lame
as it sounds I don't care what I do in
my life I need to stop making a living
just to get by in life but as long as
I'm helping people that's all that
matters to me in life and I think that's
something people really need to
understand is the core of my mentality
is um if other people happy then I'm
happy and it's the same of all passions
in life people say it's so much effort
to do particular things if sounds
passionate about it it doesn't feel like
an effort and I guess I just feel
privileged that my passion is in
something which could possibly make me
live in and help other people I want to
become a counselor but I'd have to study
talking about 30 to do most of the
things but if i can do it for a medium
like this where i can help people on a
wide basis to help other people when
spiral continues in that surely a good
thing
sure I'm channel on this video but I
just felt this is the early way to sort
of help me get back into the swing of
things because today I'm really
struggling with getting back to everyday
stuff I've got finals in a few weeks a
lot six thousand words of university
stuff to do in a week and I'm really
really struggling I'm walking around the
house wondering what to do with myself
next because as soon as that show ended
that was it we were told to go back to
our hotel and that was the last we heard
of Endemol the BBC and when's the
gathering when is the next stage trust
me I'm gonna be work on it and I'll let
you know when I know and finally I just
want to say a big thank you to the team
that the East Asia team the guys that
worked with me they all brought so much
to it and you know without them whether
they left at the beginning or they stay
to the end they've all taken a massive
role in it and we got on so well even
when pressures got really high and
furthermore thank you to everyone who
watches my videos which is the other
people's videos people who realize that
internet is more than just people who
spend too much time on the computer it's
a way in which we can allocate resources
and get people together who are isolated
in different parts of the world a lot of
stuff doesn't get done in the world
because people are distant to each other
people can't come together but the
internet you all can and we can achieve
things and I think the fact that the
percentage of us winning the final and
upstage is a clear indicator that we
were surely dominant in his competition
not because we cheated not because we
bent the rules in a disgusting manner
not because it was rigged but because we
all understand how the community works
we realize if people want to watch
musical acts for six hours that they can
just watch a video online of what they
want no one would watch their favourite
band for six hours I don't think and the
same with any sort of act but with an
axe like you stage where we were purely
the vehicle driven by the community
if you can have a live interaction then
that's why we we kept going and why
people stuck with us for the full 40
hours and that's not just down to us
that's down to you as well and for that
I thank you and whatever happens from
now on I hope he understands just my
vision a bit more I can't believe what's
happened and I can't believe always
happening
just my life is I can't explain it it's
surreal I just can't believe how much
it's changed in two years and I keep
saying that but it's because it keeps
getting better and better and I couldn't
have done it without you so thank you
and it is till next time so the vodka
rocks gospel choir for their help
tonight as well so the people who came
down to support the axe here in Bristol
over the weeks so the contenders are
uploaded their pictures and competed on
the website and to the apps that
performed on these stages and to
everyone at the 10,000 people it became
part of the upstage community and voted
you stage bloggers the ultimate champion
of upstaged good nights
