I stood there were two people were new
in front of me and I was forced to make
a choice of which one would live it was
so intense with a real fein
responsibility pumping through my veins
it was something I had experienced
before and those of you've read my film
script we know about that but this is
not something you should get used to is
an agonizing moment in which for me the
choice wasn't who should live but who
should die hey at this moment more than
anything and with it feeling so real I
was completely immersed with the stress
and dug deep in my heart for evolution
impulses informed me that the time was
against me and I had to make a decision
soon and in front of me with two people
I care for deeply trying to weigh the
pros and cons between them was absurd
and not something i did because how can
one do that when it comes to deciding on
who should live if you should pass
I screams take me take me enough or
something along those lines in this
abstract visionary but impulses replied
but if I will not to make such a choice
then both would die in such a situation
is letting both die and not being guilty
of the choice more worthy than to allow
one of them to live and then bearing the
guilt of letting one slip away after
agonizing minutes which seems endless I
knew I had to make a choice even though
I felt sick of course love both these
people that stood before me I was
unaware of their thoughts and emotions
because I was so involved with my own
one of these people being so on I loved
ever so much whilst the other I hardly
knew yet enough so much still
is a situation no human being should
ever go through I let the person I
hardly knew remain alive as the fact I
hardly knew them would suggest I'd had
no right to interfere with their life
stream sure the one I knew in person and
love so much passed away but I screamed
I would see them soon and instantly
after the decision I took my own life a
dark dark tragic ending the dream I had
was very intense as you can imagine and
since I've had a asst got me thinking
about issues in life such as there are
things which the human mind is not meant
to go through pressures and tensions
which can be to do with difficult
choices or sometimes there is no choice
for people there are many beliefs behind
why dreams occur and some people think
it's a way that your mind prepare
yourself for future experiences but when
I talk about there are things in life
that we shouldn't endure I'm not talking
about things like death because death is
something that we have to endure a some
point it's a part of life and I mean for
me I guess it happens at different
stages when I was about six I lost a
goldfish and for me I cried when I was
that young it was the first time I'd
ever experienced death and I think ice
apart of growing up and then it's
grandparents it's people that owe you
know very old to you there's that
massive age gap then I'm what she gets
that point in life where its parents
brothers sisters friends and then
there's the acceptance of the fact that
yourself will die is something that we
have to become familiar with so death
ironically is a part of life but there
are things that aren't a part of life
and have been created by the human race
itself there are people right now as
we're watching this video you've heard
it many times before who are dying
because of famine because they've been
born into a lifestyle in which there
aren't sufficient resources you know
it's not a choice for them there are
people being tortured in the world like
waterboarding there are people who are
boiled alive I mean can you imagine that
the fact that you are trapped you're not
being treated
mainly and there's nothing you can do to
escape it if this is endless torture and
there are prisons in the world we're
living conditions aren't decent I'm not
so and he thinks all prisoners should
get their own TV I believe that you know
they go in there and they have to pay
their time once they've committed
something and you know being proven
guilty but I do think they should be
given as a healthy safe environment
because at the end of the day our
prisons there to rehabilitate and to
help them become a part of society again
if they are to be released and if they
are to be kept there for life then
surely so be it but for life not for
being tortured there are children in
homes right now who are suffering with
abuse adults who are suffering with
abuse and they don't have a choice they
can't speak out they don't have the
opportunity so am I same with this video
because this is all stuff that's been
said before it's on TV all the time and
with repetition I guess people to a
certain extent do get sick of it but I'm
sure the people who are undergoing what
this pain do as well I mean when you see
people on the streets asking for a few
moments of your time I admit to it as
well that sometimes I maybe cross over
the street I don't want to become a part
of it I mean sometimes yes you may be
busy maybe sometime you don't have time
but my point is if you ever do have free
time and you're living in a free society
now we can get into a debate again of
what is freedom and are we truly free
but we live a life where we're not
undergoing endless torture we're not
going under conditions which are hard to
live by and surely this gives us an
opportunity to act and therefore with
our freedom help those that don't have
the freedom and it doesn't mean dedicate
your life completely it just means even
if you spend five minutes a day five
minutes a week you know even if that's
just a little bit more than what you're
doing now then it would make a big
difference I think some people believe
because their life is fine there's no
need to act upon others because
unfortunately deliver the society in
some instances where people live for
themselves the whole thing though with
human nature is that we are
selfish in the sense that we will live
to fulfill our needs if that someone
does a charitable act you may ask how do
you build a hierarchy and decide where
money should go to the chances are you
probably donate your money to a charity
of maybe a hospital that is dealing with
a disease which someone in your family
is died of because you can relate you
empathize it's not saying it's a selfish
act it's saying that using your self
experience from that you are then taking
part in that and I guess with issues of
whether people don't have choices in
life or their minds are going free
situations that human shouldn't be going
through if it was the other way around
and you just wish tom was out there to
help you out you know it's obvious that
you'd want it to be the case so even if
for you to act you have to see it like
it's an investment you give up time now
to help these people out there and then
when you're in that situation you'll be
helped because everyone's got that
attitude then take that attitude because
at the end of the day that will allow
you so you might avail yourself to do
more things I guess what I'm trying to
say is we are the solution to the
world's and justices there are people
out there who have power taken out of
their hands they are completely
powerless the dream I had isn't specific
to the issue i discuss in this video but
it's parked off the thoughts that I have
and what I wanted to put forward so I
just want to put two things to you my
first point is that I've only listed a
few examples in which people in the
world are powerless or and they are
going through aspects of life in which
their mind shouldn't have to endure such
terror or helpless situations and I want
you to do video responses from own
experiences or maybe just from examples
that come in your head right now and
post about it and let people know about
it because it's stuff those shock people
you know discuss about it and the second
point I want to say is just think and
ask yourself what could actively be done
to help the powerless in the world of
today as many of you know I'm always
for community and I think whenever st.
comes to mind I'll just put it out there
and hope that some people can be
inspired to help more I mean I'm going
to be helping more that you know this
dream inspired me and also if people
post videos or comments about other
experiences that may inspire me to help
with other causes just think and I hope
this was something worthy of listening
to open your eyes realize empathize and
then shed some light for more of an
insight on my thoughts check out blade
376 livejournal com and thank you so
much for your time
