hey everyone miles died here bleh 376
now there's been a lot of stuff going on
lately as you can imagine review stage a
part of this TV show up stage and
there's no point in explaining it now I
accept read the description if you want
a bit of background but I don't feel I
could say it all just off the top of my
head so I've had to write it down and I
try to position the camera so it didn't
look like I was reading it but then it
didn't have sort of the natural flow so
I'm just going to really turn out but
the meanings all there and the reason
I'm reading it is because I want to make
sure i tackle every aspect of it because
it's a very delicate issue so here we go
so today I returned from the town of
bristol in southwest England where we
had completed 24 hours of broadcasting
on a brand new online and BBC television
show called up stage with a group of
bloggers from across the UK Iraq was
called you stage and we were through to
the finals and as you can imagine the
other members of the group and I are
absolutely amazed and we are so so
grateful for all the support say thank
you thank you thank you there's been an
interesting for days with us been friend
to an artificial world none of us have
ever experienced before and it's only
now that I'm able to relax reflect and
respond to some of the comments throwing
our way although the vast majority were
positive I think it's important to
respond to the other end of the spectrum
I'm using this format so it is possible
to present a thoughtful and uncensored
response previously this could not been
done due to the editorial control and
censorship of the BBC which they had
applied the past four days but it was
fun Istanbul reasons the main accusation
is that we have no talent and this
ignites the discussion at so many
different levels talent is a subjective
thing and what it is will differ from
one person to the next let's quickly
look at to dictionary definitions of
what the word talent means first so the
first definition is it's a special
natural ability or attitude and I say we
have people who all bring something to
the team in the act of you stage number
two is the capacity for achievement or
success and with that I think we have
proven success in that we have created
such a large
munity of support enough to help us
winning stage and from scratch we have
formed a team and demonstrated as
intended that communities can achieve
anything we hope to build on this
success in the same way that we all hope
to build on any goal you reach in life
and for us you stages our goal has now
moved to the point of wanting to win
this entire competition back to the main
discussion though what is entertaining
and what is Talon these elements are
subjective and this could quite possibly
be the reason why there is a need for
voting or maybe I'm just missing the
point a decision does have to be made by
and we like everyone else are playing by
the rules and are controlled by the same
regulations we're not cheating we're not
doing anything different it is all fair
but let's look at the competition we
have entered as this will make it clear
of what it was expected of us and what
we did expect to the competition I
equate from the BBC upstage website of
what is up stage it says and this is
quite it to be part of upstage wanna be
contenders must make a profile of
themselves online including a
description and video of their acts or
idea have you got a hidden talent or
special skill have you got a brilliant
idea or amazing invention remember it's
not just a stage it could be a value a
space or a platform whatever you want it
to be we're not just looking for
performers either but I'd is an event
that not only attract an audience but
keep them interested the whole event
will last up to eight hours but the
contenders were already performed for
six so already you know it's not
narrowly about who has the most talent
to get specific on the act that is
currently under fire that's right us I
will not only quote from the upstage
website itself but what was presented to
us beforehand when we were asked by the
BBC to enter the competition yes that's
right the BBC approached me and asked us
to be in the competition as well as the
other vloggers just before Christmas in
2007 but why I know a lot of you are
asking because they know that we appeal
to a wide audience for the entertainment
we offer through our vlogs and live
chats we are acknowledged for our skills
vlogging and the ability to be able to
inspire and entertain others throughout
the internet this show is all about the
internet with the BBC attempted to
combine the elements of television and
Internet together furthermore it is an
experiment not just for the BBC but for
us as well this is the first time these
two mediums have ever been brought
together on such a large scale and
therefore it is a journey of true
discovery on our first day after the
vlogger team had met for the first time
we recognize that things didn't go great
something we admitted there and
something we admit now but something we
also admitted is we did improve over the
four days and this was forever shown by
win off the win and feedback after
feedback if as said by some that we
haven't been entertaining and we only
want due to a fan base this suggests we
have mindless sheep perhaps robots
Brighton for us every three minutes for
six hours a day making chat rooms
promoting act and watching us on TV if
we are to truly deal with the issue of
how talent is subjective remember that
people did vote regularly because they
kept watching the show and therefore
they were entertained if they won are
you suggesting that the 400 people in
the chat room for example at one point
would have kept going with the voting
would they have bothered with the
hundreds and thousands of comments that
are sent in each day that we just can
physically get through was it all a big
act because we wanted to win for the
sake of winning that my friends is a
true question of integrity and forms a
whole new argument I for one I'm not
willing to question the integrity of
every single person who supported us nor
will I for those that are against us
this is a competition and with the rules
being kept to buy all acts it is
officially fair fairness is a huge issue
addressed by people that do not like the
way we took the competition by storm so
far and once again there are many levels
to this the overall view is that we have
an unfair advantage because we have a
huge internet following I'm sorry to
break it to you but this is an online
competition you have to look at all
criteria when applying for a competition
and you go for it if you feel you have
what it takes I mean you don't see
sprinters applying for a long distance
run and then can
planing that was unfair because the
long-distance runners were yes you
guessed it more adapt to the competition
of long-distance running if we are to
look at the support we have though this
is support that didn't just fall out of
the sky this has been earned and is
actually available to anyone who has
something to do with the show I
personally have been vlogging for almost
two years now and I've built up the fan
base that I have but wait are you
telling me musicians comedians artists
performers were only allowed to build up
a fan base when the competition was
announced surely not some acts who are
being against have been together for
over two years is that unfair so i can
test that they've had longer to build up
as a fan base more than me if we had
have applied for such a show two years
ago would we have had an a disadvantage
well sure but i'm afraid to break it to
you but life doesn't exist in a timely
convenient fashion for everyone it is
absurd that such a comment is thrown our
way because a big part of entertaining
is having a passion for what you do the
reason I have almost nine thousand
subscribers alone isn't just so I can go
on TV and kill off the competition as
some people put it it's because I've
always been passionate for what I've
done and I've enjoyed the ride and what
is the matter if I wish to use it on a
new platform which gives me that
opportunity if we go on the basis on
talent we have to avoid ignorance
assuming that talent is all that it
comes down to the website says promote
entertainment suggest having an audience
let's take the metaphor of the tree
falling down in the woods everyone's
heard of that but apply it to this
context so let's put it this way if a
comedian tells the world's best joke
internet in an empty home how many
people will experience the tongue as
much as we want to make those behind us
already proud we are doing this to get
more people on board with this internet
experience that has enhanced our lives
completely and we have already succeeded
with new people who've walked past the
box and who've been just watching online
people have started vlogging and that's
an amazing thing we've achieved what
we've done even if it's just one person
we are succeeding on so many different
but then the question is what is success
but that again is another video so we
are accused by some of being boring a
disgrace to the competition worse than
watching paint dry then you should put
all your efforts in supporting the other
teams that we face because if you wanted
to create a solution to such injustice
you should be constructive and support
the acts that needs your vote a quote I
hold close to my heart of the much
experience of scrutiny and criticism for
what I've done over the past couple
years is you can please some people some
of the time but you can't please all
people all the time so okay the some it
may be boring for some people but not
for those that are voting and let me
remind you this competition is decided
on vase so just like how society works
in everyday life how life works in
democracies the majority that can be
bothered to act make ultimate decisions
it's been said that we have just been
playing games and acting like children
once again or in total to their opinion
but let me remind you that some of the
most popular shows on TV and radio have
been constructed of such such as panel
shows and programs like whose line is it
anyway or give us a clue just a minute
this is an online show for the online
community and we are playing along with
that we are doing something new and
radical we are competing against
traditional entertainment necks and it's
therefore not surprising that there is a
clash of cultures we are not a
traditional at we are just trying to be
ourselves having a good time taking on
board criticism when constructive and
trying to work with all viewers to make
this as entertaining as possible we have
six weeks until we return and now we
have an understanding of how this show
works and what people think about us
outside the box literally and
metaphorically we look forward to
meeting whatever the competition has to
press in terms of performance and not as
a critical perspective we hope to please
you in what we have yet to show as
individuals we demonstrate our abilities
to connect with people and our team is a
testament to that 400 people in the chat
room
one time having feedback from people
engaged from Canada Australia the USA
mexico germany holland and many others
when you apply on these appeal on a
global scale it's not surprising how
scary this is to some people even to us
and more so as an intimidating aspect to
this competition to our competitors and
this is why the creation of frustration
occurs to those that do not like our act
I mean it's understandable if you don't
like an act and you wonder why they keep
winning and if you do not like our act
and think it's a disgrace we have won
the way we have so far I will let you
know that the first irrational belief is
that life is fair and that's only if I
were to agree view with your argument
about unfairness because as I stated
before in terms of rules and how the
show has been set up we are winning
fairly just by a huge margin if people
criticize us and say certain aspects
feel good but the general thing was
rubbish then you've already proven the
point that not all things are liked by
all people some people get it and some
people just don't that's how life is it
could be said that we are great online
but not in a box as some people have
said but I'm sorry to tell you that the
box was actually broadcasted online when
people throw us comments that we are
talentless it does get to us it does you
know I'll be honest and I know it gets
to the others because in an ideal world
we would love to entertain everyone but
we just can't we all have different
tastes but what we can do is take on
constructive criticisms that involve
comments such as this is what you should
do and work on it to improve our niche
whilst not compromising what we are
trying to do from the start the fact we
have prompted a huge response of people
to make critical video responses and
feedback to our show can surely
demonstrate a great deal of
entertainment perhaps because at the end
of the day we all like drama don't wait
there is so much that could be said but
with these points per Ford as the court
defense to those that say we have no
talent and that we have an unfair
advantage I hope you are open-minded to
understand that this is just how it is
and with it being a competition you
should strive to help how those
if you want to support when they take
the stage finally I'd just like to say a
big thank you for all the support we
have had across the board as without it
we would not be aware of how I act is
truly going winning this competition is
only a midpoint of what we wish to
achieve and what would it be worth with
we won upstage without having achieved
the real goals that we had originally
gone into the box to do you know
representing community and showing how
it brings people together and how the
internet is an amazing thing also
finally if huge thanks to Chris Cohen
and the high flyers because in my
opinion for what it's worth the most
talented of our competitors were then
and interestingly enough the most
gracious in defeat thank you and a th
till next time
