upstaged is a brand-new show brought to
you by the BBC in which contestants will
attempt to entertain the nation via the
Internet but who is willing to take on
such a task well you only have to look
to YouTube to find that someone is there
to step forward hey my name is Miles
Dyer and then just blade through some
sticks across the internet and I'm
applying for upstaged I've been vlogging
for about a year and a half now and the
reason I use vlogging is because I think
it's the purest form of creativity
whether you're an artist you create
music you write all these things are
ways of people trying to influence
others with emotion and with that I try
and benefit people across the world by
communicating and trying to bring
everyone together but Myles what are you
gonna do for eight hours oh hey Dave
good point man last year I did a 24 hour
webcam chat online to raise money for
charity so if I can do 24 hours hours
piece of cake but of course it was done
with the help of a good friend nothing
severe snippety is around or here yeah
yeah here nothing to fear smoothly is
here oh hey man you know what maybe this
show would work a lot better if we had
actually a range of vlogging
personalities involved did someone say
looking personality hey Ben are you
doing yeah that was miles yeah I'll take
credit for that yeah I just think it'd
be a great idea if a load of UK
youtubers got together to work on this
all right guys what's up I was just
passing and in fact that's not true I'm
just on my page but that's what the
script says that I should say how
convenient anyway have you seen some of
the other acts on on the upstage site
because I'm thinking there's quite a lot
of repetitiveness hey everyone I'm gonna
be beatboxing for the next eight hours
what eight hours isn't that gonna be a
bit boring no not at all I'm very
passionate about beatboxing and I think
you're going to love it yeah I mean
that's that's good knipfing but like how
can you be sure you'll be keeping the
nation entertained with eight hours of
beatboxing when like I can look it up on
YouTube for quick clips whenever I like
because you just shut up you don't know
anything about beatboxing
eight hours man my hours it's gonna be
wicked okay so who else should we have
involved I was hoping I could be a bit
more than just the introduction to this
video well Sheila you could do catering
I was hoping I could entertain I was
along with you guys that's right
of course I what was I thinking hey guys
can I join in I have this to offer
come on someone needs to be a man and
tell him the truth
um Charlie you have to be 18 to be a
part of this but no buts Charlie I'm
sorry but the BBC have spoken we must
respect them because the BBC are great
oh yes the baby's here great great was a
masterpiece
yeah 18 18 yeah maybe we could convince
the BBC to change their motto the BBC
have spoken we cannot question their
rules
we cannot question their rules we cannot
question their rules
we cannot question question we cannot
question their rules
we cannot question their rules we cannot
question their their rules their rules
we cannot question nah I understand
because the BBC is truly amazing and I
know they have the rules in their best
interests hmm so what are we gonna call
our act
how about UK Tube you could call it
thing with a thing thing you entertained
no that's appalling
how about their YouTube gang the eight
hour long song just one song how about
YouTube invade your television how about
15 dickheads in a box it's obvious to go
with the youtubers the Beatles
how about vloggers in a glass cage or
and you thought YouTube was just for
weirdos and losers I know you we could
be called
everyone loves miles
and so there we have it a team of the
UK's finest bloggers sorry conscious
interrupt decays finest vloggers does
actually include Devi but the fact that
I said that and not him would suggest
it's not an arrogant statement so I I'm
happy to say that he is one of the
finest why thank you
but anyway they'll be entertaining the
nation for eight hours but only if they
get your votes every vote counts
so vote now so what are you waiting for
I'll put you up in there put your bucket
yeah whoo yeah you too here
