so recently I've had a really tough time
with a lot of things in life and I had
to sort of be in a mode of ignoring way
inner feelings because I had two weeks
of exams and you know I did want to
screw them up but when I took my last
exam and I finished the last essay I was
going to do for it and I put down my pen
it then all sank in and my emotions over
to me and I find it really hard to cope
now something song spoke to me today
about was how I was able to produce art
from when I felt down and in the lowest
of low and it made me think about
talking about Simon here today which is
so so sure but it's just hopefully some
words of inspiration of why I get my
inspiration from and that's from emotion
I've been doing livejournal as many of
you know and for those of you that
haven't seen my stuff if you click in
the description box it should be there
and i highly recommend everyone should
do that everyone should write it because
you get something from that that you
don't quite get from making videos and
for some people who don't have the
confidence to making videos I guess
writing a journal is the first stage of
expressing yourself to the world and if
you don't do that you can always make it
private but i plan to every value posts
at least one thing so be sure to check
out and comment and we can discuss
things together you know when things are
very bad or when things are going really
well you feel something within really
strong that makes you feel the need to
express yourself when you're angry you
may want to just break something but I
don't I take a deep breath I try and
rationalize my thoughts and I produce
are many of you know that video
the only thing left to do is cry and at
the end of the video you'll see
something I made yesterday in regards to
some thoughts I've had lately you're an
emo is something so common on the
internet and in today's society I think
it was something that didn't exist there
are people who do express themselves in
intense ways just for attention but
unfortunately this stereotype has blown
out of portion and now it seems that
whenever someone expresses themselves
truthfully and realistically that they
get knocked down for it and I think
people shouldn't be afraid to express
themselves and I think sometimes people
get off / even when people do make a
joke and comment like you've just been
email don't really mean it but whether
you're writing you're making music right
and lyrics anything sending full of
expression woman you feel a hell of a
lot better and I think that no matter
where you are in life if you're having
difficulty times if you having great
times you should try to funnel in
creative ways because it's not just a
skill I have which this person earlier
said was the case it's something that we
all have and some of the best lyrics
I've written for my band stuff is when I
was in a time of disarray in questioning
because your mind just races for your
ideas and he can to rationalizing ideas
and you put it on paper and when you
read it back you realize you really felt
what that person felt and hopefully at
the in this video you'll feel what I've
been feeling lately so the point this
video is just express yourself and don't
be afraid of that and if he will put you
down about it then they're not people
that you should really rely on for
feedback and there will always be people
out there who are willing to listen to
you there are always people willing to
share their ideas with you and I've
learned in life in the past year and a
half
those the people that you should keep
close I'll speak soon take care
you
