hey everyone hope all is well it's time
for me to answer some of your questions
with ask miles cue intro yeah I'm not
too sure about that as an introduction I
work on it okay so let's go David asks
what is your favorite cake now I'd love
to say Oh a nice easy question to start
with but it isn't although if I had to
choose I once had salted caramel fudge
cake which was a party in the mouth it
was so good Steve asks as a Brit journey
thank you very much what does American
media look like to you this election
compared to Corbin's media treatment
over there now for those of you that
don't know here in the UK we have the
leader of the Labour Party which is our
equivalent of the Democrats in the u.s.
called Jeremy Corbyn some people compare
him to Bernie Sanders I see a lot of
similarities but there are quite a few
differences as well and he's had a hard
time from the media but I don't think
there are many differences in the states
there's a lot more corporate media and
therefore a lot more 24-hour news
channels where they have to fill in the
time so I think there's a lot more trash
in the media over there but that's not
to say we don't have it here as well and
I think if you are an individual who
challenges the established order the way
things normally are then you are gonna
be criticized and attacked a lot more
than if you're someone who is a part of
the status quo max asks what's your
favorite cheese this is difficult
another food question I mean I am a
foodie I guess I should have gone with
like cheesecake or something to get two
birds with one stone with these
questions
I mean cheddar is a good all-rounder it
goes on so many different types of food
really well and as long as it's really
strong and I have to say when it comes
to cheese that's the one thing that
terrifies me about the concept of going
vegan giving up cheese would be so
difficult
although saying that last year I cut
meat out of my diet during the week for
six months and I only ate chicken and
fish at weekends so I got pork out of my
diet and I'm someone who couldn't bear
the thought of no longer eating bacon
but I did it and actually I didn't miss
it that much
when I cut it out and the big test was
that Christmas
we always had pigs in blankets the
sausages wrapped in bacon and there was
a big bowl there and the ultimate test
was could I avoid it and I did I was
really proud of myself but to cut cheese
that would be I'm getting anxiety just
thinking about it
Jodie says you seem highly motivated
have you got any general tips for
remaining goal orientated um it's not
easy and actually prior to my head
injury I was someone who always lived
life to the full you just look at my
videos from as far back as 2012 2013
especially in my vlog shell end-of-year
videos I just had this fire in my belly
that kept me going and that all
dissipated however in the recent months
I've had it coming back and I'm so so
happy
it is about identifying inspiration and
it's finding opportunities that will
expose you to that so going out meeting
people trying out new experiences
whether that is going to events or you
know having a new hobby going for a run
or something like that and also just
reading a lot about world events there
is so much happening in the world you
don't need me telling you that and when
you finally tune in with an issue that
really matters to you you become you
just get filled up with energy but on
this night last week I was invited by
YouTube to an amazing event called the
achieved summit for social change
and it was one of the most inspiring
things I've been to in a very long time
I was surrounded by people from all over
the world with all different backgrounds
who were on the same page there were
people from Brazil Germany Japan Israel
America the United Kingdom obviously
Iran Palestine it was just remarkable
and actually since then I've never felt
more alive and so the last thing I'd say
on this is once you capture a real sense
of inspiration
run with it just run with it allow that
to build momentum keep creating goals
ahead of you even if they're small and
gradual because as we run in that
direction new doors may open and when
they open there's new opportunities of
inspiration that can take you to the
next level and that is what I found in
the recent weeks which is why it was
such an emotional event for me I welled
up on many occasions not only because
there were incredible people and
speakers but because as little as three
weeks before that I was in a really bad
place mentally as a part of my recovery
and this has revitalized the human
spirit within me and so a huge thanks to
everyone at Google and YouTube who
invited me along and made that event
possible your life savers really Jonah
asks what is your short-term / long-term
goal with regard to your YouTube channel
and content also Facebook because I post
on there as well to put it simply the
short-term goal is to become
self-sustaining financially it's why
I've set up patreon and I talk about it
every week because once I become
self-sustaining I will be liberated from
having to rely on advertisements on my
videos which I want to turn off and I
won't have to reach out to corporations
for sponsorship deals and that's
important because I want to become an
educator online around value systems
value systems around the present so
mental well-being value systems around
the past doing social commentaries about
things that have happened in the news
and in world events what can we learn
from these and value systems on futurism
the future technology science what do we
need to be aware of as we move into very
different times and so then this leads
to the long term goal which is once I
become self-sustaining I can start
making more content each week and I can
start building an independent media
organization which focuses primarily on
education around value systems and I
find that very exciting but I can only
do that with your support so patreon.com
forward slash miles dire you can
caught me I know I say this every week
but you really can for as little as $1 a
month for $1 a month you may think
that's not really a lot of money though
that probably won't make a difference it
makes so much difference but I'll talk
more about this in future and finally
Becky asks Dee listen to podcasts if so
what would you recommend I used to a lot
because when I commuted to London an
hour and a half each way each day I had
plenty of listening time James O'Brien a
friend of mine who is a host on LBC he
does something every week called mystery
hour where you can phone him with a
question or an answer and you're not
allowed to look up answers on the
internet so it celebrates knowledge it's
a really good listen secondly the Joe
Rogan experience um I don't listen to it
a lot but if there is someone on the
show that I have an interest in then
it's a good three-hour episode that I
can just you know dip in and out of but
there are a lot more podcasts
I wish attuned into if you have any
suggestions please let me know and
actually going back to a previous
question about future plans once I do
become self-sustaining on this I do want
to launch my own weekly podcast show
many of you have been asking me to get
back to podcasting trust me I'd love to
is just about time and money so yeah
once I'm in a better place financially
you can expect a podcast show from me
every week how about that so that's it
for our smiles today thank you so much
everyone for watching if you have any
questions you'd like me to answer on a
future one you can post them in the
comments section of this video or send
them via Twitter Facebook Instagram or
snapchat but be sure to include the
hashtag ask miles so I know that you
want the question answered on this video
series and the questions can be on
absolutely anything from philosophy to
politics to well-being to futurism to
random silly questions or even
challenges I wonder if I'm gonna regret
that last one no no no I trust you I
hope you all have a wonderful week I
will see you next Thursday adios till
next time
