Seattle Seattle Seattle of course I went
there for over Christmas as many of you
should know I made some videos out there
the last one was really lame actually it
was just an excuse to sort of put that
popcorn one up because it was a bit
random and yeah it was a lame like this
I don't worry about that it was a really
awesome trip and I had the time of my
life it was throw on the best eight days
of my life it's an amazing place Seattle
and of course therefore I'd have lots of
footage I'd like to show you guys it
could be a half an hour video I've got
hours of footage but of course a lot of
you would get bored with that so what
I've decided to do is like my US trip in
the summer is put into sections so I
should have about three videos which
should go up over the next few days
hopefully for your enjoyment of my
experience a British going in America
and you should see what I sort of got up
see
so like any trip it starts with a
journey from England to Seattle right
across the world and it took about ten
hours on the plane now the night before
I logged on got my stuff together for
I'll get ahead of the game and I'm gonna
book my tickets online so of course I
went online chose my seat have an aisle
seat that'd be really good because I'd
rather people wake me up from my sleep
so they could go to the bathroom then we
have to do it to someone else because I
know if I had to do it myself you know
there'd be issues and I'd probably be
trapped and then I don't even want to
talk about the consequences but I put my
ticket it was all good and I ended up
sitting next to two really cool people
but unfortunately with every good thing
comes a bad thing and a screaming baby
on a flight hours of screaming it was
just too much but you have to make do I
mean it you know the thing the flights
especially its 10-hour one where you're
across the Atlantic Ocean it's not the
sort of thing where you can press a stop
button and go get me the hell out of
here because well they probably do but
they don't have parachutes there they
have life jackets and planes which I
don't know why they give them because
I'd rather have a parachute but besides
the point it was an all right flight
although my TV screen didn't work so the
only thing I had was my ipod which ran
out of batteries a few hours in yeah it
was a pretty lame flight I had someone
next to me who was very random and cool
and so she saw some of my videos and she
wanted to do a video of me so I thought
why not so we just chatted so not much
different to my usual videos Hey
hahaha so while we chat about sidebar
turbulence crushing these pictures show
you you're much better off standing in
the sea that then you would be on the
ground really even more work to reassure
you of this you just know style you that
they've landed headfirst into the ground
and then got into the war they then tell
you to do your seatbelts okay but a 10
out of my much educated
marries never met but worse that she's
not even in his
sighs she's a Pisces
three areas of the people here have got
more money in us
is up there and turbulence
wonderful
I was alcohol I
that would be a good way to end so early
ice when I finally got at the airport
I'd been up for the good 24 hours or so
and I was absolutely shattered I arrived
I told Brooke I said you know I'm by the
conveyor belt I think it was like 33 for
picking up my baggage and she was like
well there isn't one so I was getting
panicky and thinking I'll know what's
going on and it turns out that once she
lands in the airport you have to then
get him on a rail to the main area and
pick up your bags once more in which
there was number one that's where she
picked up she was awesome blew me away
I'm not gonna embarrass - no yes I am
she was hot she was taller than me which
I didn't expect but then perhaps it's
because I'm so sure but I just don't
know the weather was just like England
lovely and wet and so anything we just
chilled I was so out of it I kept losing
track of what day it was and you know
but yeah it was cool
yay so we are well of course she's gonna
be in so I'm in Sierra now I've been
awake now for 24 hours at a 10-hour
flight it's all good and we were going
out to see a movie but what happened we
went to the wrong cinema the other one
was close I'd understand that he said it
was open so if she says so then we went
for a drive round around and blockbuster
was closed so we decided to come here
and go on stickam but this time we're
not talking with lag between us we've
evil stuff so about relentless so the
next day it was time to go home with
some stuff what should we do well she
took me to a music place but
unfortunately there was a complication
when I was there when I started filming
the first thing which was a massive
sculpture of guitars that went into the
ceiling you never been here no
for the Jeremiah purpose the other light
and this is reality that she come in and
already I want to start filming
I'll tell school no it's over sir yes
sorry you can't have cameras in here
only photographs well technically if
they are that petty about it they
wouldn't have photographs either because
if I was really that desperate to get
footage I would have taken 24
photographs per second and put it into a
streaming footage ha
so would that have stopped that I don't
think so but I'm not that sad so I
didn't do that and therefore I'm not
going to announce where it was in CSI
when although some will probably post it
as a comment you don't deserve to be
mentioned it was a good place but she
wouldn't let me film you but yeah and
then when we came out with the place
there was a McDonald's where we parked
and we parked there for what an hour an
hour and a half there was a ticket on
the window $35 and so that wasn't very
good just because we were there for over
half an hour so damn you McDonald's with
your your parking restriction things
that we didn't obey to and should have
looked at the song first you know I'm
just a British guy here having fun and
you try to spoil my fun on the first day
but he didn't succeed because we went
elsewhere and we had a good time it was
good night they had these rooms right
where you can play guitar Dean I had
like practice rethinking on a drum kit
it's as keyboards say fruit even drums
and you pretty much deep glass face
menthol fails complex rhythms yeah
if there's any bands that one just uh
cha-cha celibate
rookies you'll go so we are now heading
so
three today yes pasties on that so yeah
we are going to laser tag
a trick of us just telling what we done
the
yes I'm a loser we're both losers a babe
yeah I only told her that because I
didn't want her to feel alone you know
I'm not lying before you talking about
yeah I'm kidding Brooke I'm kidding you
know I like you really I just was the
fish basecoat Pike Place Market and yeah
yeah just can we both to film because to
code what okay okay maybe that means I'm
a loser then just because I was a bit
cold but that's the only evidence you've
got against me on that so far so what I
was tired as well okay all right broke
alright whoever else out there is
holding a tally chart you know taking
off every time that you think I'm a
loser I'm a loser alright alright I'm a
loser now leave it yeah just enjoy the
rest of the video I can cope with being
a loser
so I think that should be enough footage
for part one I hope you enjoyed it and
stay tuned for the future parts of my
experience in Seattle so thank you and
adios until next time soon
