many videos have been posted in the past
on this website asking such questions
like why do YouTube why YouTube what are
you doing here as well as many more the
other day I had a concept come to mind
which I believe stands as a great
metaphor to why we are on this website
and what we get out of it exactly a
metaphor that perhaps requires more
clear-cut responses than similar videos
in the past now imagine a box one that
represents YouTube and inside this box
is what YouTube stands for in your eyes
open up the Box reveal what's within and
explain why this is what exists in your
box of YouTube you perhaps some
wondering what was inside my box I chose
a webcam as to me it represents a
segment in the archetype of video
blogging or as I call it vlog in YouTube
is what you make of it and through the
eyes of a video camera lens you can
capture your world and your life the
possibilities are endless and with inner
creativity passion and inspiration
youtube becomes your outlet to capture
your world and post it on the internet
for all to see it is an instrument that
starts your journey in the world of
vlogging on YouTube and it is all about
what you make of it
so tell me everyone if YouTube was a box
what would be inside it for you
you
