record enough the they were time the
numbers are going up that means this of
course yeah how's it going people a
wedge of some 60 miles da ladies and
gentlemen pivoting this is a swim of the
free summer suit production that's where
you can look Leslie that's what I'm
looking at if you look if you look up
there I should i look at my cell phone
so I do are they doing we have got
stickam shirts oh noes lyric is and this
one in the back says I see like people
hmm I my mind the shop yeah it's good
all rights nothing will be giving these
away to the stickam chat and this is
just a pre video random footage for you
to watch which will be played over and
over again little if leaving the mother
of the little build up for you guys to
say you don't get bored and this is for
the chat spill but and not a 9 a.m. gmt
1 a.m. PST we will be live for 24 hours
we're trying to think how we're going to
get the sherry we're trying to think of
what to do in the 24 hours and to be
honest with them much of a clue no
bye-bye you would think of something
totally but yeah we're just going to
fill the first hour or so with a random
crap you guys it's not going to be crap
because you can enjoy it and you can see
it and watch it come one out one maybe I
love this camera toward good quality is
pretty cool oh ah I can slack it up now
we would show you and what are def such
like but of course because this camera's
built-in week on because it sucks it's a
max I'm joking i love the max memory get
off my sac so I most of you guys
obviously Know Who blade 376
TI e bay bay is no Jam oh well this me
guitar you can't play much I can you can
I brave it of course I can yes you can
can cook let Rex doo-doo-doo-doo my name
is melody with bravery 76 we recording
every one of the video for you guys to
sit serious point every hour we will be
taking five minute break yeah we got one
do our thing and yeah I guess I'm still
after five minute video see someone
wants to make five minute video send it
to me email me the links you know you
can upload it to youtube and then send
me the lincoln and i can download it and
you can remove it again you can do you
send it calm or just email it to me at
my organization yeah dailymotion as well
miles at the Watchers dot org details
are on my stickam page they'll never oh
yeah of course I'm got a great editing
of map that you can actually add text on
it saying your email address with all my
word Mars feature so yeah I need another
like 15 clips so all you need to do is
do anything well I say you need to do
anything you want just be entertaining
be air be entertaining mention the cause
five minutes remember Frankie five
minutes exactly five minutes I'm and yet
you'll be showcased alongside many other
maybe youtubers and then such as myself
on a serious night you can add the
showcase alongside very big youtubers
like myself tightly like top top end
range people like me like the superstars
that are necessary to superstar
subscriber boys but like he produce the
best quality of stuff
I mean you know you look at it right now
on you're thinking oh my god these souls
what's so amazing just saw you a
handsome so I sorry yeah listen Julia
good cuz you wake up in like with the
lip movements after well no I mean like
when you play back no because my broken
does that no wasn't nice hey kids it's
me mr. finger how's it going you know
it's sticky so you better help those
sticks with whatever issues they have
like for the French's or trees or been
tried on up front in a river to see
which one will hear on the first I mean
what is with that I mean what would you
think if I was to just come along and
take one of you human beings and just
dump your body in the river I mean I
know there are people who do that but
it's not right so hold the sticks today
and donate huh I'll be doing some lip
sync into some of my favorite songs
later during a 24-hour check so miles if
you gotta do is copy you got to make
sure your head doesn't show yes sorry
man trying to keep down there yes good
now you down there so I will see you
soon bye now you can cannot come back up
now you can cook your finger away and
cheese man hey guys you know what gets
me through the day when doing a 24-hour
chat
when I'm on relentless it makes me feel
oh you can still in it yeah I just can't
buy my back at Nina its trademark so
that's why it's pretty annoyed I'm sorry
man that's too late get your fucking
chance so you did did you actually it's
called acting ipad yeah that was acting
as well I wasn't really going to
high-five you wow I just want to say
that everyone should donate if you go to
just giving com forward slash blade 376
you can go to a page where you will see
all the details the press release of
this event you can donate their please
do donate really want to reach the
target and go beyond and see ya please
donate and if you go to the promotion
section there's widgets on there which
is what you can post on your myspace an
hour in which people can see who's
donating last and how far we are to the
target suppose that everywhere bulletins
on myspace Facebook absolutely
everywhere spread the word get everyone
in this room today it's like the only
other know where we go with this
do you know why I won that battle
because I donate it to stick aid donate
to stick a today and become a hero and
have a big one like mine
you
