hi as again guys a halloween special
indeed is with me miles dire and with a
friend tank here he was helping with a
special effects in the introduction as
you can tell is really well done ipod
you yeah exactly we go all the way with
it i'm going to show you a quick trick
today just before Halloween comes around
so you can post video responses and do
it on your friends it's done on me when
I was 10 and it messed me up completely
so I thought why not pass it on and do
it to someone else ok almost 11 years
later but I'm still gonna do it all
you're gonna need is a fruit like orange
or I guess you could use an apple but an
orange is really good and it's about
Lord Nelson who did battles on the
ship's centuries ago he was basically a
war hero who did lose an arm a leg etc
so we're going to be telling the story
but at the very end deep so I went when
you dip with pita fall for so long
nothing scares ya so we're gonna do is
get my roommate Kirsty to sit down here
we'll get a blind folder and do this so
let's go get an out so first things
first with a blindfold right leader into
the share
that's looking a walking something on
the Bennett and Gannon right that's
perfect
right okay this is the story of Lord
Nelson and he was a really really good
war hero Dino Lord Nelson he was on the
battleships and that okay let me say the
story okay and it's just a little
example of people what they would do
their country so during the war he
actually lost non okay when he lost his
on ya see how bad arms if you give me a
hand it was bad on the stump they're
weightless I had a girl yeah ah so in it
heat managed come away with a good legs
if you put your hand out you can feel
good leg oh good life good yeah yeah but
also in the process he had a bad leg
well bit of stumpy there ok but in the
process and he has one of his always it
was a bit mushy night okay so here's
just good idea was good right and
basically here's his bad way khong say
that on it its blade it's like
its mother is a good one happy Halloween
you
