hi YouTube must I had believed through
some six how's it going so as many DNA
charlieissocoollike once did an
impression of me on YouTube featuring
irresponsibly again yo ass up Blakeley
76 so I've been recently debating
whether or not I'm gonna jump back in it
and is this drama involving you know I'm
not gonna name the guy
charlieissocoollike and so I thought you
know maybe I should return the favor and
do an impression of him so to get
started what should I do
let's think I need scruffier head yes I
also need something which you know is
associated with Charlie so I made that
he's a big big zelda fan yes I have now
got the Triforce on my chest very well
made a mustache and of course I've got
my Wii controller although that's not
needed for this route and finally I need
to just get a bit shorter by about two
inches
yeah I'll do and I think that's you're
in channel now alright okay you want to
do your video response yeah okay will do
on your own channel alright so I think
it's now time to get this going
hit it charlie is so Charlie yes so
charlie is so good stop looking at me
you think it better me thank you yeah
you think you can beat me
stop looking at me like that you're not
gonna beat me doesn't matter how long
you do that for you're never gonna beat
me listen mate you are never gonna beat
me
unbelievable unbelievable
I just love you we get round head then
you Eli face anyone would have thought
that I created you
that was so cold yes I know what you're
thinking you thinking well in Charley's
video he was having an eye-to-eye
competition with Percy the pig but here
he was doing it with a smiley face but
in the end I didn't eat the smiley face
did I I drank the drink in the cup so
you're thinking I haven't really done a
really realistic like accurate sort of
portrayal with the similar sort of thing
so don't worry I've sorted that out and
I've actually got a scene in there with
me eating the smiley face okay yeah cool
hit it I've had enough of this
okay okay so I know first of all you're
gonna say that it's lay outside well
there's a good reason for that because
with the number of temps I have to do of
trying to down that drinking one in the
earlier scene the alcohol got to my head
also so by the time that I was getting
to this point in the video I needed to
get some sleep because there was no way
I was gonna be able to edit this so it's
lights now because it's the next day but
anyway back to the point I know
something you're thinking well in
Charlie's video he ate the whole Percy
the pig because it was the whole thing
talking to him and yes I've drunk the
insides ah yes I've eaten mr. smiley
face man whatever you want to call him
but the thing is I haven't eaten the
whole thing as I am sure many of you
will be saying but it's a point gloves
it's gonna cut my mouth be still want me
to do it you sick
all right or enjoy this last bit of the
video thank you and adios till next time
you
