hey everyone hope all is well not too
long ago I made a video called I love
documentaries in which I spoke about how
I love documentaries surprise surprise
and I have a list of over 100 I still
want to watch but deciding where to
start was quite a difficult task and
this inspired me to come up with a new
video series called duck watch this is
how it's going to work every month I'm
going to sit down with a friend and
we're gonna watch a documentary off that
list we're then going to make a video
together running through five key things
we took away this list could include
things that inspired us particular facts
or lessons that we feel everyone should
know or just general points it really
made us think about with this being the
first one just to help get the ball
rolling I am by myself and I'm gonna be
covering the documentary I saw a couple
of years ago which I still think is
brilliant you'll never guess which one
it is
food Inc is a 2008 oscar-nominated
documentary in which director Robert
Kenner examines the u.s. food industry
and the ways that it can harm human
health and the environment
one thing I really loved about feeding
was that it didn't come across as pushy
there's often concerns with
documentaries about food that it's
telling you what to eat or it's vegan or
vegetarian propaganda I mean I don't use
those particular phrases but I
understand what people mean even if you
were to take away all the facts and all
the case studies in this documentary it
still leaves you with a really
interesting and important question
shouldn't we know what is in our food
because after all one of the most
invasive things you can do is put
something inside G and so don't we have
a right to know exactly what that is so
here are my five key takeaways from Food
Inc number one our disconnect from
nature at the very start the documentary
looks at the concept of a supermarket
something that is a big part of our
everyday lives modern American
supermarkets have on average 47,000
products which helps create the illusion
of diversity it talks about the creation
of this pastoral fantasy when you look
at a lot of products it has a picture of
a farmer on the front when actually most
of our food these days isn't produced on
a farm as we
traditionally think of it but in massive
factories supermarkets have removed the
concepts of seasons
think of all the fruits and veg you can
get all year round most of which is
picked before it's even ripe and may
have been flown in from other parts of
the world think about how often meat is
served in packets without the presence
of bones or blood things that would
remind us that this has come from a
living animal this definitely reminded
me of when I was in France last year I
visited a meat counter at a supermarket
and was disgusted by what I saw I
thought if they did this in the UK or
the US they probably wouldn't sell as
much number two the scale of food
production McDonald's is one of the
biggest buyers of ground beef pork
chicken lettuce tomatoes and potatoes in
the US which means they have a huge
influence on the producers of those
foods which means even if you aren't
eating at a fast-food restaurant you
still may be eating from the same food
system and there was one statistic in
this movie which absolutely shocked me
which I always feel compelled to tell
others who have never seen this and it
is about the world's largest
slaughterhouse or factory as it should
be called which is in tar Hill North
Carolina every day it slaughters 32,000
hogs I can't even get my head around
that and it makes me start thinking
about the sustainability of it all and
how many days does it take for a hog to
grow up to be big enough for slaughter
and then he times that by 30 mm it is
mind-blowing and sickening number three
it's not only animals getting abused by
the system it's the farmers the workers
and the consumers in the case of workers
it looks at the history of fast-food
restaurants how they were able to cut
costs by bringing the factory into the
kitchen they didn't need staff to be
excellent chefs they could give him low
wages because all they had to do was the
same simple task over and over again and
when it comes to workers in meatpacking
one of the most dangerous jobs in the
u.s. they too are doing a repetitive
task cutting the same bit of an animal
again and again being exposed to blood
guts and the sin
affections I won't go into this bit in
too much detail but there was some
analysis on how some of the big
slaughterhouses were advertising work to
people in Mexico and bringing them over
illegally with buses the documentary
suggests that some of these companies
may have a deal with the immigration
authorities so they make daily arrests
of illegal workers as opposed to massive
raids of the factories so that the
production lines are not disrupted and
in terms of consumers we have created a
system in which it is cheaper to buy
unhealthy food just consider how much
fruits and veggies at a supermarket
compared to the dollar menu at a
fast-food place this perpetuates a
culture of long term health problems
especially amongst those on low incomes
number four government regulation is
being challenged the concept of this
wasn't so much a shock to me but seeing
specific examples was it talked about
how in 1998 the US Department for
Agriculture had tests for Salmonella and
e-coli and if food processing plants
failed these tests they could be shut
down however after being taken to court
by meat and poultry associations they no
longer have this power it also goes into
how government has been overtaken by
individuals who come from the very
industries they're supposed to be
regulating food Inc also touches upon
some more commonly known examples how
the fast-food industry fought against
having calorie information put on their
products and of course the all famous
food labeling of GMOs number 5 we can
all make a difference a really brilliant
and welcomed message is towards the end
you like how are we ever gonna fight
this gigantic system that is corrupted
and they say something quite simple
which is every time you purchase food
that is a vote which can change the
system and so technically you get three
votes a day with every meal it then
gives some more tangible suggestions
like choose foods that are in season and
organic shop at your local farmer
markets or even grow your own always
read the labels and cook with other
people something I really want to do a
lot more but it's quite
when you live by yourself and this
documentary had a big impact on my life
because I have been eating a lot better
since it smashes that out-of-sight
out-of-mind mentality I actually managed
to cut meat out of my diet during the
week which was a huge improvement for me
and although I stopped doing this after
six months having watched this
documentary again just yesterday it's
allowing me to get back into that
behavior and I find exposing yourself to
information and the realities visually
it makes taking those drastic steps in
your diet so much easier it becomes
effortless because yes bacon tastes
really good but when I see these videos
of pigs that are intelligent creatures
and how they're treated I lose the
appetite for it and so it doesn't become
a challenge anymore so I'm really
interested to hear your thoughts
have you seen Food Inc or are you going
to check it out and are there any other
movies on this topic that you would
recommend me seeing I already hear
people saying Cal spirity as I've
already said this is the first of a new
monthly series called doc watch this
format will evolve over time so bear
with me and feel free to throw any
suggestions my way thank you so much for
watching please do let me know your
thoughts in the comments section of this
video and give it a like and share if
you'd be so kind and if you really want
to help support the work I do on here
please visit patreon.com forward slash
miles Dyer where you can support me for
as little as $1 a month you can check me
out on Twitter snapchat Instagram
Facebook and YouTube so thank you as
always I will see you next Thursday
adios till next time
