all right time now to speak to our web
celeb his name is miles AKA blades 376
you may know him from the world of
YouTube miles are you there yeah I'm
here help again I are you sound bit cool
I knew I see you know you try and get
there with the kids in that how you
doing I'm very well know you them I'm
really good thank you so I just a little
chat to our fair you basically you have
organized this fantastic gathering of
YouTube heads in that London's lessons
leicester square which happened last
weekend tell us a little bit about a why
you decided you do this um gatherings
are an amazing experience and I think
the Internet is a great opportunity for
people to connect on a very honest basis
youtube in particular is obviously well
known as everyone comes to that one area
and it's one thing to watch people's
videos on the little box but when you
meet people in person it's surreal but
you know and lightning to find out if
there's only appeals to you that you
know they perhaps are who they say they
are or maybe not which can be another
pleasant surprise so by having these
gatherings which are happening all over
the world now people able to connect and
it's just I think a revolution of
community I guess have you the people
who can go to these gatherings there are
people who have their own accounts on
YouTube and actively participate as in
you know put up loads of largeness yeah
I mean I when I did an introduction
saying to people cuz a lot people to
intimidate about it low I don't make
videos on that but it's if you just go
on the website if you if you comment
people's videos if just watching you
know come along because at the end of
the day I mean I've been to about three
I've been hurt too in London I've been
to one in New York and including this
one and then there was this one yeah and
Mary about 800 people and I've never
made an enemy or anything yeah and
there's a lot of light they call them
haters on the internet people you like
people off and that and there was a lot
of that when i introduced the the gab
ring and that not none of them turned up
because at the end of a their anonymous
people and people who don't want to do
too scared to comment interfaces well as
one got him as you made a video and fair
play to him after each saw that the
video where it showed it went really
well yes did a video response saying i
can come
yeah but I'm glad it went well and you
no respect for people you can turn it
around and change their attitudes of
things yeah yeah we've got some clips of
what happened the day let's the square
in the London gathering if you turn
around who's here I take it that's you
yeah yummy so you made a video of it and
then four thousand years and then yeah
everyone can look at there's video
responses to that and everyone can see
everyone's story to tell and that's on
my channel youtube.com forward slash
blade 376 and it's actually at the top
of the page they should be and if people
click on that and then everyone else he
went to the gathering have their own
videos and then there's a little good
ones out there hello these faces and you
know it gets the word out for everyone
wicked miles it's being a pleasure to
speak to you and keep doing what you do
because it sounds like a very healthy
inspiring thing yeah this is just the
beginning of fine right big he's taking
over the world grace 376 watch ads take
care thank you
