might as well put my hat on if I'm going
back to the classic vlog in hey Luigi
playthrough 760 miles dire and today
what might not be talking about now a
lot of emails of has over the past year
have been about people who've wanted to
start vlogging in my second series of
vlogs I did a video of how star vlogging
and I did one about half a year later
which did make it on got put up at the
top there's like promotion videos or
something a while back not there anymore
but people are getting involved with
drug in so many people have come up to
me now and said Myles you're the reason
I've started vlogging and that so I
understand that I am obviously doing
good and I obviously doing something
right and vlogging is such a great thing
and I think it's important to get more
people out there because it's not life
changing but there's a lot of people
that hey just don't have the confidence
to stand up in front of a camera and
talk like this now what's important to
say is I've been doing this for a year
now and if you look at my very first
videos I was Birdie my syntax in the
white spoke was very broken up and I um
Denard a lot more than I do now now I've
got clarity and it comes with practice
like anything so I guess the first point
I would say is you have all the time in
the world to do it
it's not as if that soon as you start
recording the video it's going to be
perfect first time I have it a lot of
stuff out I mean so far in this video
I'm doing pretty good it seems pretty
free-flowing
but other times I might stop and go and
then give another attempt at saying just
the one sentence because it's about
clarity it's about getting your points
across very quickly and you know in an
entertaining way so I had an idea and
this is what I'm doing for this video I
just wanted to give a few explanations
of why your confidence should be up and
then something to help you if you really
still struggle so in terms of confidence
I have changed a lot in two years two
years ago I went to France as many of
you know to work at a ski resort over
Christmas first time I was ever away
from home and I was away for five months
up a mountain where you'd go the hotel
to look left
ten minutes down the road look right ten
minutes down the road five months I was
up there for I didn't ski much because
it wasn't that much of an interest to me
which is a bit steep because I'm working
a ski resort I went there for isolation
to get away from a world where I felt
people didn't appreciate me a lot of
people took advantage of me and I I
wasn't a loser but I wasn't exactly and
the most looked up on guy although
always pretty much the same as I am now
and I had insecurities I cracked when I
was working in the ski hotel there was
so much bitching going on people wear
each other's freights and we lived on
the same floor anyway that point aside
now I'm a little confident and I'm doing
stuff on the internet on YouTube which
for me to look back on I look at some of
my old videos and go what was I thinking
I mean even think a piece of foil
I'm almost 21 and wearing a rubber mask
sorry for those of you who thought Peter
thought was real and people get a good
reaction out of it and if people know
you're having a good time that's all
that should matter the I think with
blogging the the hardest part of it
isn't for people who've never met me
before but people who've known me
already and then see me on video they go
miles and never knew that about you
because when you're out and about
there's a certain certain sorts of
conversations that would come up if
you're at a bar you wouldn't talk
necessary about this but you could do
and say people have liked learning a lot
about me who know me already some people
for I take myself too seriously what
it's not I just have a serious side as
well as an immature side but of course
I'm subjected to height I'm subjected to
criticisms but you deal with it and I
think the big important issue of YouTube
is you can't change people but what you
can change is your attitude and if
people give you hate just don't ignore
it you can acknowledge it but just
remember at the end of the day that you
can't get on with everyone in life and
that was my biggest insecurity in life
and over the past year I've got
confidence through that so if you've got
very little confidence you don't like to
sound your own voice or the
the way you look on camera just do it
put it up there and when you find people
with their who appreciate your stuff
we'll give feedback reply to their
comment and add a bit of discussion and
then you'll find maybe there's two or
three people or even just one person who
cares and if there's one person who
cares surely that should mean a lot
because that's one person we've spoken
out to you and you've already stepped
forward from what you're doing already
being worried about going on camera and
exposing yourself in terms of how honest
you should be some people think on when
the most honest guys are new chief just
from what people have said and I'm just
bringing up because I don't always sound
arrogant but I'm bringing up because
it's coming from my perspective if I am
one of the most honest guys what is my
advice on that and it is be open but as
much as you're comfortable with I always
like throw myself in the deep end when I
went to America I stayed with people who
watch my videos I two years ago I could
never do that and I look back now I'm
Gabe you know how the hell have I done
that and it's just I don't know and it's
my attitude at the time I did it and I
guess that's why YouTube is a great way
for getting help if you're ever in doubt
about things there are people I bet they
would care who care because at the end
of the day the people you deal with me
meet are people who live near you
there's not much choice of people but
when you go out there on the internet
you're exposed to so many more people so
the chances are you'll meet someone who
is better for you if that makes sense so
yeah that's the basic discussion and
another example of confidence and this
is a very good model I think of my point
about three years ago I had counseling I
was depressed I thought I was failing
life
relationship-wise you know as people at
La people know I don't know I've never
had a girlfriend stuff like this was
getting to me
and I was really down and advice I've
given to many people over the years who
was suicidal was how it shouldn't be
done you know you gotta find other ways
because if you did commit suicide it'd
be the most selfish thing on the planet
because you only leave one thing behind
and that's the question in people's
minds of what else could I have done
what relevance has it got to do with
confidence well for me to say that's
people I actually got to us
depression where I was so depressed I
was on the edge of my life I won't go
into details but I was sitting in
kitchen on the floor weeping frustrated
walking in circles I had no idea where
to turn I felt like that was at a dead
end and there's nowhere to go and I find
out one of my friends at school and I
was crying to him on the phone I was
just completely out of it and you know
he didn't know what to do anyway it was
sorted I came into school the next day
and I looked him in the eyes now what
I'm gonna say now is what the model is
and that is him and I had an
understanding of my mentality that night
before that I someone who a lot of
people in the school would've thought me
as was in tears on the floor with a
knife in his hand
the night before not many people would
think that but it was just between me
and him now if you look across the room
in the school you think now everyone has
a secret everyone has an insecurity but
they don't tell it everyone puts on the
front and therefore who knows that one
of the people who acts you know like
they're so hard and tough could have
been in a worse situation than me you
just don't know because out in public do
people put on the front and I think
that's why YouTube's good because I
don't know why people have actually
liked that people are always there to
impress and it's something I've never
really done I've just be myself and I'd
rather people respect me for who I am
and that's why YouTube's good because
even if you have the tendency to want to
impress just take a step back might vlog
in get your ideas out there and find
people who respect you for you who you
are because when you do find those
people you'll have more respect for
yourself and then you can go out into
the real world you can make
conversations and never feel the
temptation to have to like prove to
people that you're someone you're not
and for that I'm a lot more respected by
people these days and it's just it's
mental and it's just crazy and that's
why I'm thankful about YouTube so I've
given a bit of honesty there I hope this
helps you with how to you know with
confidence because everyone has
confidence inside them it's about
nurture and you know getting it better
there are people who've done video
responses to me in the past where they
being hateful where they've made fun of
me in harsh ways
maybe but I just look at it and going
that's them look at the point right with
them making fun of me if you look at it
at the end of a what has that actually
done if I'm to do well over that and
feel bad about it and feel I should back
away
that's just my doing not theirs because
at the end of a they've just done that
and I could just go whatever and forget
it
and if you forget it you just move on
and that's confidence even though you
don't feel at the time and you'll look
back and go you know what I've become
more confident and that's exactly what
happened to me in two years I can't
explain it and I feel good about it and
that is why YouTube has helped me so
much as well as many other things so for
those of you who are watching now anyone
and I'm talking about anyone if you
don't have a camera go out and get one
this is a video response to a video I
did about how star vlogging check it out
you'll see a lot of hater comments on
there actually which is quite
interesting but anyway check it out find
out you know good cameras to get or I
explained it all in there get vlogging
but if you've got a confidence issue I'm
gonna give you a template now of a video
to do in response to this and this will
help you out okay so I'm gonna give you
some questions and all you need to do as
a video and answer these questions I'm
gonna think of them off the top of my
head now and if you're able to do this
you have made a step forward because
you've had the confidence to put
yourself out on the Internet
you don't have to edit it you don't have
to say it with one go take your time if
it takes hours it takes hours and you'll
get better at it so here with less I'll
think of five questions so my first
question is who are you and where you
from simple question my second question
is why on YouTube I mean before you
started video in or what do you get out
of it my third question is what do you
hope to get out of it what what
interests you about YouTube so I guess
that couldn't link to the second
question my fourth question is what do
you have a passion for what really makes
you feel energetic in life and you know
what what do you really love to do so
yeah so hobbies and passions and my
fifth question is who do you want to
meet on this internet it could be anyone
you could just say I'm up for meeting
anyone
specifics what you trying to get out of
this and I know some of these questions
overlap but it's a starting point and
yeah that's enough of me rambling it's
something I really want to do for a
while
because I know there are a lot of people
out there who haven't got the confidence
I do and I know you can one day because
trust me I wasn't the most confident
person among other people I loved
insecurities and I saw like this has
helped me out a lot and if you can see
what I've got to you know what I've been
able to go to the states all by myself
not saying that's what it takes but
that's an example if I can do it anyone
can trust me trust me very much so
that's it from me Myles dial a few seven
six a days til next time
