hey what's up people blame three Sun
sexy miles we just find somewhere nice
Lisa put this yes well I tried to do
this video yesterday but unfortunately
because I was so tired I just didn't
have the energy to really put my points
across and as the video went on I became
more and more yeah bored say I'm back
now I wake up at five this morning's
which suggests that my body clock is
still but that's the way it goes I just
want to do this video to say exactly
what the title says where do I start the
whole experience was absolutely
incredible I went out there I stayed
with people I chat maybe once every
month in LA with Ian Crossland and comb
and Rachel in San Francisco with my
family but it was the fact that normally
if you go somewhere you stay in a hotel
you know so organize within the package
perhaps and is it it's a generic place a
hotel anywhere in the world would be
considered pretty much the same thing
you have an understanding of what it
would entail and would it be like you go
to a room you didn't spend your day
outside where you are staying you enjoy
it and then you go back to the hotel
room but what I was doing was I was
going there in the middle of nowhere
putting trust in people that I very
rarely speak to and I've got picked up
by them I got taken into their homes and
therefore I was living the American
culture and for that you know was just
incredible for me but it didn't stop
there
they took me around places they
introduced me to their friends and
family and I just felt at home from the
minute I met him and this is a weird
thing about YouTube people in the past
have always said you know like renetto
perhaps it's like meeting a family
member you haven't seen for a long time
and for many people they found it funny
you know here alright taking it a bit
seriously you know mean someone lines
like a family member but it is same tree
and I guarantee with the majority of
people who went to this gathering and
interacted with many would feel the same
way people you see on a screen you want
to meet them you want to know if they're
real and
with internet trust being a big issue I
think YouTube is really showing that
trust can be put forward out there for
people to meet up with I mean people I
believe are on the internet with hope
that there are other people doing the
same thing because if we are to be fake
what does that guess nothing but when
I'm coming back from the airport from
the trip I was just still buzzing from
the whole atmosphere it was just
non-stop and I was on the phone with LBC
radio which is a big central London talk
radio station and they had a show which
was talk about what you want so I rang
up said look I've been back from YouTube
I'm still buzzing for it and I'll put
the interview that I had on the radio
station on one of my next videos so why
haven't there been any videos up since
the new you're gathering why haven't I
been putting them up the truth is I just
haven't had the time I've been living in
the moment and the further the trip went
the more intense it got you know I mean
wanting to make the most out of it so
the next video I answer will be good bye
San Francisco so all I want to say is
please bear with me I'm sorry that they
aren't you know up to date like they
originally were where I uploaded them
pretty much the day they happened but
after this video I'll be finishing off
it and within the next one to two weeks
you'll see me leaving New York Finland
where I am now so where do I go from
here I have some ideas I've had
opportunities offered to me when I'm out
many of which I can't talk about now or
I'll say as they are life-changing if
they do go good and I just appreciate
you weigh in you know until I tell you
because you don't have a choice also
free if throughout this video you've
seen it switch in a bit I don't know why
that is I think it's just autofocus of
saying that it's really annoying me Oh a
quick thing I got this right as you may
have seen from a previous video and I
had these holes in the hood these holes
is no headphones well why would you keep
him there but then it became apparent to
me when I looked at the design of what I
bought and if you're thinking this is
the reason
bought it you're wrong because I'm sad
but I'm not this sad and this is what I
wanted there's a Center picture of my
video
you ready yeah I missed a guest mark man
so if that little diversion it's a nice
jacket though when I'll use that I like
no but back to the issue Thank You
YouTube as much as you know we criticize
YouTube things that need improving it's
just because we want a great site to
become even greater and the community is
such a great one and being at the
gathering
one thing I'd come up with I've learned
future YouTube need to get more involved
with the gatherings and make them
official because companies are slowly
becoming having that eyes open to what
this opportunity is and I believe that
over time more and more people are going
to be organizing these gatherings every
year people trying to you know get in
there and organize it themselves this
year went really well and Jill should be
really proud of what she's done with all
the people who helped her out but in the
future there's gonna be so many people
trying to do it there's gonna be so many
YouTube gatherings it's gonna water it
all down and people go oh I won't go to
that one because there's this one that's
a bit closer to me so I feel YouTube
should get involved make official ones
and do them once every year may be
honest particular day or weekend because
you know it'd be a shame for such a
great moment to go down the drain so
yeah that's all I'm gonna say but I'm
back home now I'd miss absolutely
everyone I met with it's really
emotional and talking about it now I'm
getting the feeling on the back here no
it's just if it goes back to the prime
reason I was on YouTube is because I
finally found people who care for what I
have to say and people who care for what
I'm doing and it's
too much to take in or you can never
really fully appreciate something so
beautiful and for everything I thank you
to the people who've created it the
people that you work on it and the
people that use it because without you I
wouldn't be doing what I'm doing now
I'd be at university doing my degree as
I am now but that would be it still
wondering what the hell I'm doing in
life but now I finally found why I'm
going to be doing to a certain degree
and I'm excited and I feel good to be
alive
and if it can do it for me I'm sure it
can do it for many other people so
please bear with me now as I edit my
video just over there I'm going through
all 260 plus video clips and I'm going
to try and edit a massive DVD I'm gonna
put it on DVD and if anyone wants to
copy get in contact I'll put more
details when the DVDs finish you'll
probably be after I've done all the
little clips on YouTube obviously I
can't put all of it on YouTube so that's
why the DVD would be better for those
years saying whoa does that mean I'm
going to start selling it well yeah but
it'll just be to cover the costs I'm not
trying to make money out of it I just
want to sort of share my story because
for me it was a truly amazing one and
I'd like it to inspire people that on
the Internet
if you're going through your life and
you're struggling YouTube is the way for
you because this is the definition of
YouTube for me and I've said this so
many times and I think it's the truest
thing I've ever said you can create
music you can create art you can write
you can do anything creative right and
you can do it in those mediums but
YouTube gives you a platform in which
you can create from within what I'm
doing now is I could show you my
writings free e cheap I can show you my
artwork free youtube I can show you my
band my music through YouTube but the
truth is the way you getting that isn't
free the end product but I'm presenting
it to you from within with who I am and
who we are when we vlogging on YouTube
is the the soul is like is the heart of
our creativity and therefore is
is truest form so if we are honest
online and we connect with people that
are peeled to us and we meet up we will
very rarely be disappointed and for that
I think it's gonna change the world
forever as long as we keep appreciating
it and we keep it going and don't take
it for granted which so many of us do so
often even I do it at times
the London Gathering I organised with
quite Qi at the beginning of the year
was WOW for me fifty people turned up
but from that to five hundred in another
country after doing an amazing journey
for two weeks that was overkill and I
hope this won't be the last one so thank
you very much for watching I'm sorry for
things in the past when I've maybe
annoyed people if I've been
misinterpreted I know there's been
things in the past especially very
recently which has made people feel that
I'm a complete jerk but the truth is
meet up with me I have time to explain
myself to you because I care for people
on here
I care for how people perceive me but
what I've also learned is you can't have
time for everyone on YouTube so by
posting videos I'm able to mediate a
particular message to a vast number of
people but if I ever do have a spare
moment and you do get a chance to chat
with me I will take the time because I
truly truly appreciate all you so dear
YouTube I thank you so much because you
have changed my life forever
and at age twenty this is just the
beginning of something very very real
and something very very big a deal until
next one love you all
