I'm now almost ready to leave for San
Francisco getting picked up by Jenna but
I thought we'd like just evaluate the
build what the whole week with you know
the guy I've been spending the whole
time with which is Ian so I'm just going
oh sweet so now it is which bike at
Ultra Ben
it's a good trip
good circuitry so it's a last look at
the courtyard it's so awesome and we're
all sitting there to do a final video of
this great week which is just the
beginning of my us trip so I've been
giving this grubby chair you last see on
this one all right and we got Ian got
max you got David what Dominic and we
got me Max is Ian's brother yeah and
David and Dominic a brother's cook
talking with you
differences between our culture's know
and connecting the cultures is is that's
going to make its really understated and
the AUSA in England probably be seen out
all the countries the most too similar
you'd agree yeah that's so much
different yeah there's so much different
it's only final words for everyone will
go around past the camera speaking the
camera max yo yeah i'll pass it I don't
know you must begin to it's a final word
man and then pass it on Oh dan I said
turn it round without thinking just girl
just talk to it you're talking to the
girl thing well he made it this week
we're actually talking to technology
it's all that colonies um
I carry around a dried-up wet paper
towel because I'm obsessive compulsive
does it help I don't know just do it it
feels good and uh I'm really dollar
geezer's really been bothering me lately
too well that was a great sub avoid
shrimp a 10 K change the way I don't
know it's a plant yeah the dander we
yeah this plus it around those get some
I'm done oh oh you wait you want to give
me a summary of like what you're my
experience with you pastor dog all right
times up here we go quick oh it's like I
like being thank you for having me miles
you've been here this really amazing
I've never lived with anybody that's
been foreign foreign to me is outside of
the US I've never actually lived with
somebody that's been from England this
has been ahh as much enlightening as it
has been disorienting I haven't spent a
lot of time to get get into know miles
but at the same time it's like I wake up
in the morning he's there I go to bed
and he's there you know it's in a
different bed you know what sometimes
sometimes I know it um awkward moment is
sexual tension arises so in closing I
would say that I would definitely have
miles over I definitely have anybody
from anywhere over any time to get to
know myself a little bit more through
that through that foreign exchange of
human experience so to speak and it
sounds kind of cheesy but that's that's
what I think it's pretty much it man
it's been a great time
miles thank you youtube thank you next
the beef too into it you save it hello
no it's a bit too good today ah green is
my favorite color good good you did yeah
I ipod time I passed out on foster
avenue in chicago yeah about three in
the morning dude it's it does it go dude
yeah it's all say they could there be
idea could they be the thing it's hard
sometimes though yeah it could be hood
you know the left way the right way you
know it's one of those things but it's
big day I did it it is it a great day
lift it dinner today and those um did
mcbrown is that I think the balance of
the sky yeah good good you gotta have
like and why you can't understand the
ground yeah they say goodbye better yeah
it's nice to see that the similarity of
people yeah english people what does
that even mean british people an
American people are like the same people
just use different words to explain
different ideas I guess that's humanity
man it's pretty amazing I'm with David
too I would love to have another person
over from a different country anyway
and understand off I guess I'll talk to
you again on stickam whoever you are
somehow here you go down okay wow what
can we say lots been learned well
everything's always learned but uh huh
I've said it before I will say it so
many other times that literal like
connection of people understanding of
cultures is really gonna bring us
together and there is nothing that is
not understood in the moment of two
people talking it's time for us all to
really understand each other let's
understand each other I understand ever
I you know what I didn't have to go
places I just have to meet people Thank
You miles I understand everything out
through you and you understand us and me
and it's all the same it's all the same
sweet i'll tell my glass stuff okay so
this is very alike um it's been an
interesting week because the first week
the first few days were really eventful
did lots of stuff put those videos up
and then the next two days there was the
drama issue and these guys saw i was
like during like those two days i was
consoling on youtube I should be out
there enjoying myself but I worry
because i care about the people who
watch my videos and i don't like to be
misinterpreted but saying I've learned
is you're just speaking on a wide scale
to the world and not everyone does
understand you know each other through
interpretation and everyone's different
and therefore we go into these different
groups but what I have learned is that
when we do meet up with these groups no
matter where they are in the world is we
all do get on and something I said the
last couple of days or a week was I want
to come to LA but yesterday when meeting
Ben and speak with in in the car I said
that it's not the fact I want to come to
LA is the fact that
I'd love to like live in the world
because it's not about me living where I
do and being restricted and like going
to work coming back to that house it's
about you know looking out there not
having a plan and just go and you know
what I want to meet this person through
them there as if I'm getting down the
street even if they do live at the other
side the world like the case here so
I've met all these guys do it awesome
and I've given me good company Plus Ryan
he's not here where's Ryan alright work
I'll work in exactly we are tightly
people should have more faith the
incident with the goal that originally
to come and see you know some people
said learn a lesson from that bone trust
people in the internet it's not always
like that it's the equivalent of if you
go to a club like you're here because
the end that's it exactly ss trust and
that's with relationships if you go to a
club and you meet someone there and he
gives you if it's a girl and a guy gives
you his number you're putting trust in
there and if that went wrong that's the
equivalent of saying like this it's just
that the distance is greater so
therefore take more precaution so you
just got to assess a situation and if
you take the right precautions
everything should work out all right and
I think I've made a good judgment and
I've had an amazing week so I'm sorry
for people I've annoyed this week with
the drama but I hope you can look past
that and realize that I'm just a guy out
here having fun I've had a great time
and now I'm just about to get picked up
to go to the airport for San Francisco
so thank you very much guys see you
later
I'll erect see in England always seems a
good idea to you know where the heavy
stuff like the jacket and the jeans but
when you're in LA and you're moving on
sir mop it's pretty hot so I'm getting
picked up by the girls now just a good
boy got my bags just wish I hadn't lost
the padlock before my back i'm currently
gonna live with two randoms I met in a
week you know it was just like random
and now they just like I've ducted me in
their car and I don't know where they're
taking me AKA Sheeran Jenna
too crazy american chicks
it's been a good week yeah the days we
met
the gate will shine and I thought you
were amazing so you can look in the
camera I know you card you're driving I
have been the leg yeah I got bit by a
human and a leg an internal flight to
oakland which is just outside San
Francisco and it's been pretty weird
because
I used to go in internally within a
country i play to take up the bus will
you take a trade here you turn up within
paint yet sake here you go free and you
get on the plane which is exactly why
I've done you know pretty booked or
anything just silence again is fried and
so my is
this plane is game before
of them
you
Oh
No
you
