I know it's been about what eight months
since the video was up and people
wondering if we still sort out well I've
come all the way to LA my real reason
was because i want to sort this out for
good so we're doing it in a good stylish
way you know for hard men which is rock
paper scissors an election is a sphere
claim what would you say is a good
technique for rock paper scissors rock
all right man well I'm going to tell you
that voice
you're only asking for a smell by going
back oh well you're the referee man so
you say introduction to get some rules
yes alright the rules of rock paper
scissors are as follows first rule
abroad Paper Scissors is you do not talk
it's 123 throw rather than one to throw
these are terrible yeah this is mrs. big
best of three ah that's all I got all
right you guys want to add you if you
guys want to add anything okay okay we
still pretty hospital that is helping
you yeah alright so wired hey kid sorry
all right ready yeah let me crazy right
1230 so you violated the rulings unruly
violated the second rule of rock paper
scissors which is 123 throw oh ok say is
Miss America the first rule is you do
not talk about rock paper scissors if
it's your first night of rock paper
scissors do you have to go all right
let's begin again one two three throw Oh
time one two three throw one two three
oh uh this is a robbery it was a rock
scissor combo it's great so we good
we're just gonna keep doing this sure
why not well then what is it yeah it's
time you decide upon sisters just on the
way my names because we will be dude
scissors alone tell case you have to be
a rich little dinner wah wah monkey
beautiful so that face warm muggy steals
the seat the Muslim beats the banana and
the Godwin's oh yeah
I'm doing of God though you did rock
what is the role rock good what free
Michigan machine gun i think the machine
gun will blast to the paper said they
would see okay we don't outside what it
is about to the action and we both
describe what when we've done and they
say which one hotel where she had every
couple seconds to think um it's like
chance are you ready yeah great one two
three ha ha what's I alien this is
British persuasion I think the alien
would win I guess British persuasion I
can have to do that right I'd like to
visit various unilateral the human
persuasion maybe they would be able to
overcome human yeah that would it
British persuasion with one thing ok ok
I can maybe the alien win at first near
the end if the British would overcome
one two three ah that's the cross much
escapes the head legit defeats all I'm
staring the camera and I see myself do
my eyes aren't that wide well why don't
you do a cut all right I'm gonna zooming
way up on your face you had never looked
like boys you just mind why was this
snake right so I get it was gonna like
we won the first one I want that one yes
a whale every other fake or good thing
we've got to keep thinking of alternates
I don't think we're good with 200 go on
we've got it
this one I don't know if I can even do
this is he right buddy one dude all
right well so what do we have I've got
the gang sign what what is that chickens
quit chickens quiff there's not a quick
business that way we could the right
thing oh well quit quit you oh my god
what is that Thun it's just slap she
hated agreements like lighten up all
night yeah but we haven't we just been
creative frustrating just been playing a
lot of that so you are we gonna cool it
tight I knew we should call I think it's
even yeah go ahead outside the serious
way we're cool we got the gate of
dragons billion Jimmy Lee late isn't it
okay my a sign about the old video that
this is a response to that we've fallen
out still it was solid I ages ago you're
just got to watch one of the days to
understand that but a Glee you know you
can't just say just watch all my videos
camping is negative looking at all yeah
and what races well yeah we thought and
maybe him you you may or may not
understand it but ultimately you just
have to watch all my videos watch all of
our videos all make a great two great
watch movies a love life a cog way
that's not technically copyright now
that was your version now I see you
today up around I'm gonna continue
that's why do the primary age let's do
it now the circle of life
we need an African guy going students
not like you know black because that
would be offensive but a man from Africa
that could be any place at all totally
cuz we're all equal that's true we're
all people in the great yeah y'all have
something to offer will be up till
communicate my voice bukkake chicken
squid really I'm gonna look out chicken
square PA it's the red fig of their
heads Oh is there even a I know the
model is down arable okay because I ok
people could you just like its research
it wikipedia it and get back to me or
one of my old videos I was talking about
how hair jokes you never see that always
open and somewhat but no they never
blink and someone actually sent me a
video of a head shop ranking my god that
was that bone there are things do pigs
have knees oh I said that about penguins
I'll say no yuengling pics have anything
I see my sister has booze oh really yeah
did you say i don't know i don't i know
it's a question that promise no but
she's she's also the person who asked if
there were really people alive a
thousand years ago she's a little like
rinsed shit it was a real question i did
not have an answer for it makes that
means if she sells seashells on the
seashore why don't you just pick your
own for free well kiss me then another
right totally that was really good that
means yes Sagan because Peter hectic
peck of pickled penises my answer was
that because you're selling them like
why she sells she had he sells in
seashells by the seashore she sells
seashells on the seashore you know
you're butchering it no no really yeah
she's right she she was always wet
where's the Turkish does tourists on the
seashore she sells he chose she sells
sanctuary this video's got nowhere now
but isn't it great yes it's been very
and she's just slice it up in a little
bits and just throw it in in a
discussion moving hello have you got any
goods like riddles
we had one I don't know what this have
you ever seen a baby pigeon I've never
seen a baby pigeon nice I saw a dead
baby pigeon no that's not what I asked
for side of my apartment we're ending it
I was going to see you around and once
it is gone I one site everyone say final
full Ian thank you thank you for this
technology and thank you for having us
over man um the technology yeah like I'm
glad we were born in the air way of
running water and video cameras and not
me a hero like hunting for oil need as
when you rather be in the future one we
have light virtual reality and confident
whales we won't have that's nothing
question you know yeah I'm not gonna it
was just a good boy cool we'll have a
wide variety of drugs to end great
sexual pleasure and the length of the
men's generous photo pho is where it's
all going they're not carrying cancer
they're looking for bigger pieces think
about it dude they did viagra you know
they can't cure AIDS or cancer anything
you're just getting all these pills for
like cock power message and that was
your 2004 yes it is awesome Oh Jerry
Springer you go up on the floor would
you make the Pacer what are you uh
what's your final fault mate my final
four is that these people are bloody
awesome we're bloody and a site was
bloody at one point I'm not injured yeah
this one's really nasty at some point
okay and now I do not start it off man
