so I what stasis I lost track sadly hey
saturday is Dominic how's it going man
yeah and where we going we're going to
Hollywood Harbor Boulevard mm-hmm I'm
gonna check out you know the whole thing
and you see what happens I got new
shades he got any you have to when
you're right now it's just so whole
that's all ya know have you a shout oh
yeah you know I suppose I went in there
briefly yesterday I didn't take my
camera really briefly when there's get
glasses like glasses sorry my glasses
there we go there's the shades awesome
mida better ok this guy dude explain
this against me yes so yeah we have
characters at the side here yeah I don't
know whose son tomorrow who like every
day we got strength there and we got
some TIG irregular the distance you know
just like an everyday site you know you
are into a giant toy industry
they just get a costume they just make
your costume a thing that's cool there
is usually it's like a dollar to take a
picture of right it make good money I
think also make pretty in last cumin and
this there's no like regulation in which
they have to like pay to do it there's
no lie Craig you know smoke at least
this can't stay anywhere in here they
have to stay on that I still throw
enough it's pretty fair fair trade watch
comedy really all the massive size oh
yeah
yeah let me just get it so is it
recording yes we couldn't build it jour
de filma yeah so what's your name sorry
hi my name is rocky I'm doing good man
so I'm here just outside what's name is
place again the mann's chinese theater
okay it's actually grauman's chinese go
outside now we'll change the ownership
again what's all good you are man you
should be on through this and you were
here pitching you a film script yeah
I've got this really big film script
actually moving its really really
strange involves Beverly Hills girl most
people think of a Beverly Hills girl is
you know spoiled rotten Paris Hilton
Nicole Richie
I'm not the case your first girl
seemingly
this girl feet abused by her mother the
father did nothing about it the amazing
part about that is the father makes his
fortune in the mental health field now
figure that one out anywhere meses girl
under
really unusual circumstance is virtually
impossible an impossible thing to
continue to happen since
damn matter
personally mathematically impossible and
that's why I know I've got something
special on my hands here actually this
film has potential to be many people's
favorite film
is it wise to prison yes
if people watch this on youtube has
awakened searching your website or the
murderous you can email me at Rodney in
beverly hills in front box calm that's
right knee in Beverly Hills firebox calm
in the process of building a
another webpage the am I allowed to get
as raunchy as i was wanting to
like to say yeah it's good now some I
space assholes deleted my page twice
I morbus on their assholes their myspace
oh they they arbitrarily delete things
for no reason or or for any reason days
they see fit you know what do you say
let's go look like for you Tony thank
you everybody's talk to you yeah as I
said I've walked all over Hollywood and
I haven't been able to find a star that
I know the name of but I finally found
one and this is the name of the person I
actually know the name of Snow White
that's right so still looking for a real
person i'm going to keep looking and
hopefully a funny one eventually if you
see anyone that you know yet um oh no i
thought no Rex Harrison who's Rex
Harrison going oh hey you what you get
my hopes up then and then you know we're
gonna keep going back yeah
this is where they do the Oscars yeah
I've been in that Moore's looking for
shades a yesterday but they were after a
hundred and forty dollars for the shades
which I wasn't fair to play so i just
paid ten dollars instead of mine and i
was happy about that it's still
yeah man well you know I make them look
good so let's be honest them you drive
like maniacs over there
how do you foster Ivan says do you
dislike slamming the back of another car
and pass yeah
after you slam you have the other backup
yeah yeah and drive away without doing
your insurance details all these stars
other than I fear the hell they are a
law we have in the u.s. sees jaywalking
right right so I'm looking over here and
I saw a spongebob squarepants and the
natural reaction is I want to go meet
him so if I want to cross this busy road
I have to walk over there all right over
there it's ridiculous man yeah like you
can't you can't use your own judgment my
then again with the way your maniacs
over here I don't if I would want to
cross this road like this but you know
jaywalking them also a GF find or oh
yeah jaywalking if I got the two hundred
and fifty dollar that's ridiculous man
hitting well in England light if you're
in an accident it's your own fault you
know right but still that puts the guilt
with the drivers running over wherever
it's his fault or not you know he's
still gonna be guilty about take
responsibility
I guess so but then maybe is it because
it's much more of a certain culture out
here in the US it's all covers you more
yeah okay that's cool man well I'm not
going to go see Spahn to our comfortable
to walk over there I'm an America I'm
lazy I probably ought to walk let's get
a car man yeah so we're in the subway
right now yeah yeah now saying that we
learn in psychology it's like called
schemers and I think it represents why I
might go on edge about certain things
and it was the same women that it came
to Britain okay i know that when you go
somewhere you eat your subway you buy a
ticket but for some reason because it's
different coinage a schema is where in
your brain you is able to create a
situation so you know how to do psych so
when you go to a shop you know you go in
your pick off the shelf and you're going
to pay for it that's a steamer of it's
like a model with housing works okay so
although i'm in the states i sort of
have a schemer I know where I'm going to
go I'm going to go to a ticket place
right but because it's different nights
already just froze me off so I don't but
initially I'm already intimidated by
this I'll show you this machine over it
and it looks either so much more
different vana
do it yeah you're good for it so i don't
know what the hell was going on Dalai
through one way ticket yeah when you're
five keep it the baby they have one
dollar nights over all you guys don't
have that now we have one pound coins
the first note is five pounds which is
ten dollars yeah let me take it
no it doesn't say
we know the rest but just yeah but it's
just the fact that a slight difference
can throw you off when you're traveling
so understand why
so today is Monday I've been a bit
behind on videos because them I'm just
been up to so much stuff that it's hard
to like you know video it and then
upload it and do all that sort of stuff
so I'm catching up now and the video
that I've just released now it has
footage of the people in Hollywood you
know as characters Shrek and all that
spongebob you stand on the side at their
own will and people pay a dollar to have
a video of them so I thought why don't I
give it go you didn't find out very very
soon over the next few days when I
finally do this and I think you're gonna
love it but who's it going to be I think
you know you it's going to be because
there's only one real character that I
have a real good connection with a th
people
