let's hear your British accent here my
British accent that's pretty good I
think it's pretty down well that's over
that's really good
there's a in Crossland adheres and it
was really good as well God is a lot
hotter can you tell me the morning tears
um oh gosh
oh I can't do Welsh but now I can do
some accents it just needs me most
Americans because they already have that
sort character on their voice that when
they do a British they will do an
Australian accent g'day mate I hope they
really get to g'day mate yeah another
shrimp on the barbie that's it
at least they're totally well and then
go and the funny thing is the accent I
have the worst time with is southern
because I feel like I'm making fun yeah
because I really do have it I do have a
Southern drawl and I'll bring it out and
I'll slurry some Texan um but it feels
so forced like I feels really forest
although I used to actually haven't even
stronger accent I have a tape of me when
I was seven eight years old and me and
my sister used to do plays for my
grandparents and it's only an audio tape
and I'm saying
don't laugh I mean my sister brings me
funny and that's literally how I talk I
can't stand to hear it's like Neil
screaming will you'll be here in this
weather
very close I swear as much as she
doesn't I show you I swear even more
than I do on the show thanks a lot for
showing me a naked eye as of the will Oh
hands on the wheel yeah didn't
understand what you wanted me to do
right there hands on the wheel yeah is
that how you drive in England yeah it's
not it's not automated but you're right
don't strike anyway see they need to be
am only turning do you know what you
don't even need a streamer in the car
you need a left right angle and a right
right angle just fill the crossroads so
you go left and it will do 90 degrees
left and 90 degrees right and straight
that's what you need you should patent
that idea because then everyone will be
joining perfectly straight that idea
yeah apparently no make millions that's
now my idea I'm not investing them this
is what my video is today is American
driving because when Rene I came to
England he was criticizing the highway
because the way we have the lanes is you
always have to stay in the left lane
which would be your right lane the slow
lane ah and you can only go out when you
overtake it but then you have to go back
to that line that's annoying yeah so you
think Walmart overtakes on again in a
minute but you know instead of pulling
out going out again putting out but here
you just stay in your lanes thinking
great we do and then if Shawn is trying
to take you from point e we've got the -
no oh that's only in Texas right oh
that's that's one thing you'll notice in
Texas driving is if you're in the fast
lane
or if it's a one-lane each way you get
showy I mean someone's trying to go up
if someone's trying to overtake you you
actually pull over into the shoulder
this is literally what you pull over to
the shoulder they go in front of you and
then they are inclined to wave or flash
through their rear lights at Yetta thank
you okay it's literally that hospitable
that's also in LA they flip you up yeah
you might can you on well you know
because people say you know there's
still gonna be violence no matter if you
have guns or not yeah gun controls not
important because they're still gonna
bonds they're still to have knives I'm
like okay well let me give you this
would you rather have me attack you with
a gun or a knife because I can pretty
much shoot and kill you for far away
with a knife you gotta get a little
closer something you might be able to
wrestle it away from me and you can
pretty much deal with my Spanish I know
my fee if we ban knives then they bring
out sponges wet and slapped against you
it hurts a foe gangsters and everyday -
holding sponges well some of them do
when they clean in that car but you know
then kids will see that imitating go
that's cool
my phone got to get myself a sponge
oh I would have chosen this phone now I
have a knife fight scheduled for this
weekend continue everybody love you know
this
