you may wonder where I am right now best
way to describe it on a motorway been in
the traffic for about three hours now
van still well has been an exaggeration
but I got to make it seem quite exciting
the motorway has completely froze my
thought
take you out of the car so you can see
around what is going on
just when you add st. organizing you
want to go somewhere fan our fort I'd
share this experience because I'm so
bored out my head right now nothing else
to do hi I'm miles blade 376 and with me
is Peter geriatric 1927 hello
are they getting it right there the
money because I already ate alright so
we're getting each other's numbers right
now which is a good thing I've met with
you today and it's been a good day so
far yeah it's been great yes apart from
a lot of phone calls when you got lost
on the way and couldn't punch in the
right numbers but you've got to
eventually yeah exactly
crazy traffic and very typical is yeah
that's a good excuse because everyone
relates to it so everyone knows about
the traffic so I thought we talked about
would be and generation gaps because it
would be fair to say there's a bit of a
generation gap between you and I I mean
you don't get much older than me I've
cut there are a lot of people on YouTube
they're very much younger than you miles
yes of course there's a generation gap
you were young enough to be a grandchild
of mine yeah I think some think with
YouTube is it shows maybe a different
edge which isn't reflected in the
British media anyway I don't know what
it's like elsewhere in the world but
there tends to be a lot of the use
against the elderly and vice versa
wouldn't you agree with that well I
don't really know personally I've never
come across it I've worked beside young
people for many many years when I went
back into education and worked with
children as young as 14 in the art class
and then carried on to
college and university to work with
people of your own agent I personally
have never had any problems nobody's
ever been rude to me disrespectful or or
anything but of course we are all
working at that situation in the same
work on the same media right I don't of
course when I say of course I don't have
contact with young people outside in the
real world right yeah and so personally
I don't have any I don't have any
problems and I don't subscribe to the
view that young people are not
hard-working decent fun people I mean we
do have our life easier these days but
it doesn't mean well some people do
abuse it but I think it's always the the
minority of people who would go against
the general census of what who young
people are yeah do you hear about you
know young people beating up gangs the
stuff but that's not everyone absolutely
not and of course in my day we didn't
have it all thrust in our face all the
time by the media who just want to own
in on that's it and all the people who
are not behaving properly and the
general public get the idea that that
applies to people in general I mean
people who might wear these these bully
hats or they might wear hood hood yeah
this is a bit more stylish whatever but
no I mean whatever that's such a you get
in there with the eve know whatever the
most common expression but I can't think
of anything no it's true miles isn't it
you know I think a lot of old people do
stereotype young people many similar and
young people start so people well of
course they do they think we are
I don't know what it well this
interesting little story because what
we're both bad drivers news ends well
well not necessarily the stereotype
layers mother stereotype yeah but I took
the advanced driving test when I was 70
someone not a bad driver life Muslim to
do with all this is image business that
I've got involved with the British radio
they just will not handle it and it is
an ageist policy that they've gear and
somebody phoned up their local radio
station and asked if they could play my
generation by the Zimmer's and and the
DJ said oh we don't do that old people
smell of William this crap I mean you
know this that was lovely shock weather
why not laughing agree with it but I
mean it's a fact and there are other
quotes like that so maybe maybe the
youth do regardless in that way I
wouldn't like to think so because I
would personally get lots of letters
from quite young people and they're
often apologizing for their own peers
acting so badly right and and that's how
I was here anyway that's cool at your
grand age you're still using computers
and you go against the stereotype of not
being a technophobe as its put there why
is that the case because I know we've in
your past you've always dealt with
computers and most of my friends haven't
got computers and they don't see a need
for them and they think they're too
complicated and too hard to understand
why I didn't do
I don't really know except I've always
been keen on education about education
and I like to learn new things right and
that the computer in itself is a good
form of Education good information you
can free oh my god yes absolutely it is
the cool inflation at Nativity so
there's a lot of rubbish on there as
well
you know you feel you filter through it
that's true and the last thing I was
gonna ask was but if I can think of it
relates of computer editing gonna be
necessary I said this just shower it was
no good and you say as old people are
you know you blimey I have my bad
memories as well good please it's all
the pollution out there you know yeah I
don't see what I know I'm not an
alcoholic
I've seen your video yeah I've seen you
put a point down without taking a breath
yeah I can never do it again actually I
think it's in the moment of the camera
it was very yeah it pushed the toilet
paper down I should particularly yeah
just remember the question I spoke to
people before about how when everyone in
the current day all the generations have
computers together because right now it
could be argued that not everyone in
your generation uses computers but when
everyone does so it'll be in when
everything shifts let's say that the
generation gap will close because
everyone will have YouTube everyone will
have more empathy for each other and so
understand each other's positions and
therefore over time this gap of you know
the media keeps expressing will no
longer exist well let's hope we can't
move towards that I can't think that it
would ever close completely because
possibly the old can understand the
young since they have been there
themselves but very difficult for young
people to understand the mind and
thinking of the life young of the
elderly but I think the main problem of
not getting on with each other is that
we don't talk with each other I mean
children don't talk with parents I mean
they grunt from the age of 13 and what
have you you know and then they can't
find anything in common to talk to older
people about so in my opinion it's the
lack of communication and whilst we
wouldn't want to do the same things you
wouldn't like to lead my life and I
couldn't possibly enjoy going in the
unique bar and I gunned down a casa mila
by communicating there can be closing of
the gap and we can express each other's
issues and come together and make a
compound money because it's more
comfortable to do it to a stranger or
television or or a camera yeah and
therefore to increase the communication
is another one else again but let's hope
it happens because I mean with we
hopefully will be a an example that it
can work and well we've both got a lot
to offer to each other but women bully
each other - ugly you and I yeah no it's
a real fun - Jamie dance that as well
it's been fantastic when we started
chatting it was always about you -
because that's our basis of where
exactly and we were saying that in the
future people will have their gas that
have their electricity and I have their
YouTube you know that's the only way you
can really were there it'll be a
necessity
well we both we both lived through quite
a revolution haven't we both you and I
yeah we certainly weren't in in 2005
when it started but by the time we came
in and whatever it was middle of 2006
it's grown exponentially since then
right yeah where will it go from here on
on i I don't know see if I know we might
be making a video thanks you discussing
you can joke about that icon but thanks
for your time today it's been awesome
meeting that
and I'm sure we'll meet again soon
welcome has been very nice having you
and we will learn we will go up and get
some food awesome sounds really good
okay
