all right smiles blow for his own six
hit nine in the morning but I'm going
off for a friend's 20th was at the
cinema last night went to see the hills
of iced tea and the pondering essence of
a issue came to my mind again if that
makes sense I don't know if it does who
cares whenever I'm in a cinema all over
the years he gave there and you know
have all the refreshments nice
refreshments you always get well I do
the big one we think it will last the
whole film as you consumed something as
big as this I get pepsi likes by the way
you find that by the end of the film
maybe halfway through you really need to
go you know it won't stay in the whole
time but the film's get into a climax or
its get into a really good bit all you
don't miss a bit and you're just holding
on and on and it's just agonizing and
then in the end you just have to go my
mum was just asked me if I wanted a
sandwich lesser and if this was rubbish
smells like my i'm using it for my blog
so yeah usually then in the end you
going to come back and you know you
might like oh you know they talk about
it after all you remember that bit and
you're like no oh yeah you missed it she
went to the restroom so I've decided to
make a stand people I need everyone to
contribute to this because I think we
could benefit mankind in the cinematic
sense and therefore this video will be
the start of the restroom roar
what's the miles basically what i want
everyone to do is free comment or
through video post video response Ayers
is to tell me a film that's out now out
recently or maybe an old one and tell us
a point in the film which is the best
place to go to the restroom because I
think it will just help people out but
that it's really hard I mean this takes
extreme professionalism and it's a big
responsibility because you don't want to
give spoilers away you know you want to
sort of say the roughly the right bit be
it on the spoil it and at the same time
you know you're responsible for what bit
song is going to miss if they take your
advice so I'm going to take the hills
advised to and I'm just going to get you
know say it the best placed so you have
a restroom break if you are watching the
film and you really need to go now of
course people some people go are the
best scenes near the beginning not
always the case you know usually people
still drinking through this so you've
got to think about halfway through the
film to the end for the hill is advised
to or I'd say is the part in which they
enter a cave and they start stepping
into water as soon as that happens goes
that restroom and get back as quick as
you can i'd say maybe once two minutes
three minutes maybe if you're pushing it
four minutes yeah let you off to
actually planet your time to have your
restroom break people so take a film and
think about it even if you have like if
you've even timed it in the salon for
right how many minutes is this you know
that's you taken it to the next level
real dedication to this archive and this
could go somewhere so if you see in a
film lately last night I saw three
hundred as well i'm still trying to
think of a good place to take a restroom
break in that yeah probably when you see
a woman make a speech to a council but
you're going to be careful of spoilers
you don't know wreck it for people i
need to you know get going now adios
people and i'll see you around let's
hope it's archived go somewhere yeah
