questions questions questions see how
many of these you can answer why do we
press harder on the remote control when
we know the batteries are flat whose
idea was it spur the letter s in the
word Lisp if no one buys a ticket to a
movie do they still show it why do banks
charge of field insufficient funds when
they know there is not enough cash
already why do they sterilize needles
for the lethal injection and why is it
people tell you not to stand in front of
an emergency exit because I mean if
there was to be a fire surely they'd be
the ones to run out of it as well why
doesn't glue stick to the inside of a
bottle why doesn't Tarzan have a bit how
old do you have to be before you can be
considered to have died of old age if
you had one I would you still be winking
or blinking what is sleeping pills have
labels thats take caution may cause
drowsiness I mean come on why did she
sell seashells on the seashore when you
can just pick your own for free in
libraries do they put the Bible in the
fiction or nonfiction section if you
were stuck on a desert island and you
could bring one item what would it be oh
I wonder how about a boat they never say
that why do we sing rock-a-bye baby so
no our little ones to sleep when the
song is about putting your baby in a
tree letting the wind crash the cradle
to the ground yeah nice what a Superman
deflect bullets with his chest but when
you throw a gun at him he ducks why do
we say we're head over hills when we're
happy isn't that how we normally are how
does Freddy Krueger wipe his ass why do
Easter bunnies carry eggs rabbits don't
legs right can atheist skin sure it's
facts of good is it possible to cry
underwater if people evolved from apes
why let still Apes why do you kamikaze
pilots wear helmets if a doctor suddenly
died during surgery with the other
doctors then still continue with the
patient or they start on the doctor if
it's true that we are here to help
others what are the others doing here
what do they say alarm clocks are going
off when really they're going on the
Penguins have knees I'll especially
reserved parking spaces for non-disabled
people and the Special Olympics what is
it you're told to stay as a kid as long
as you care
yeah the way you do anything childish
people tell you to grow up what would
happen if you found a black cat walking
under a ladder and then breaking a
mirror that's quite worrying if someone
owns a piece of land do they own it all
the way to the middle of the earth how
ironic would it be to get a paper cut
from a get well card if some of a split
personality friends to commit suicide is
it a hostage situation if the papers go
to the bathroom would it be considered a
holy crap that's a bad one if the
temperature is zero outside today and
it's going to be twice as cold tomorrow
how cold would it be and why don't you
ever see baby pigeons huh how many of
these questions can you answer
