hi it's miles blade 376 house again I'm
talking about serious issue today
actually and it's something which I
don't really know it's come over the
past month that's really reflect on it I
guess I've always had it but it's become
more obvious recently and therefore urge
for I'd bring out and unlike other
people to reflect on the same issue and
hopefully come to their own conclusions
and I guess this is something which
requires a lot of video responses
because you know it's one thing just to
post comment admit insane but I want
people to be able to post a video look
into the camera and say this is what I
feel about myself to this issue so I
explain first no one's perfect and we
all know that and we all have
insecurities and we all have things that
we don't like about ourselves now i'm
not talking about looks i'm not talking
about you know particular aspects like I
don't like the way my hair is or my nose
could be smaller or something like this
I'm talking about character stuff that
you can't change you know it's who you
are but you look at it and you think you
know I don't like that they it's really
hard to explain it's not it's not saying
you hate yourself but you know you can
accept that you have a problem and I
think that takes a brave person to do it
no mind I don't think is that brave
because well that's just me some people
may think it is now since I've been on
doing video vlog in you learn a lot
about yourself you you expose yourself
out there if you're if you're going to
be a true person oh I'm sorry spills
more higher on the internet because I've
always done that in person and people
used to get free well people always been
freaked out and like put back and going
you know white that's a bit weird he's a
bit form but you know it's who i am and
i'm not gonna change that for anyone but
looking back at my videos saying that
continued to occur was the fact that i
craved to get out there and you know
beyond the top and i would promote and
sometimes it be shameless
motion I do what I want and it's always
good to have a driving force but it's
about getting the balance you know if
its sacrifices something else which is
like people's respect then it's not
worth it you got to get a good balance
and that's what I try and do everyone
has haters and obviously taking actions
which people go you know what you're
scum for doing this blah blah blah and
you know what it makes me laugh because
I think do they realize that i actually
have already considered that I'm moving
on now and I do make mistakes and I do
know i'm not perfect but do they realize
that when they post comments like that
which are just slagging me off that they
are just completing that late do they
know that it makes me wonder been safe
behind side screen being able to type
text comments I wish I'd show their face
once in a while or maybe when I get to
this London gathering summary at
Leicester Square 1 p.m. they may show
their faces but who knows something
that's built upon me is ego and everyone
has an ego whether it's positive or
negative and for me I've always been
involved in promotion like I'm doing my
radio show if i'm doing my videos if i'm
doing projects like my film scripts if
i'm doing my band I've always promoted
and I've always wanted to do well and
it's desirable people want to do well
but I look on videos and I think have I
has it gone to my head some people think
I'm arrogant and it's really interesting
because I do see how I come across that
way but not I'm just open i have
confidence i have charisma i'm open base
it's what I've always wanted to be but
the fact is like I know I'm not arrogant
but I perceive myself as arrogant when I
look back on my videos and I don't
understand their tool and I guess it's
to do a perception and I guess the one
thing I hate about myself which is human
nature is you know I'm getting a big ego
and I hate it I really hate it because
it's going to become risk if it keeps
going and you know how do you you know
an ego makes you strive to become more
and therefore your ego will build when I
I've had emails for example from people
saying that
I've had such huge inspiration their
life you know I've I've been the reason
why they've got married to someone these
are real example how do I react to that
by appreciate it but to some extent I
register that and think right I'm doing
something good here I need to progress
with that and therefore make sure more
of these successful occurrences occur
because it's benefiting other people
that's what I want to do but therefore
for me to acknowledge that would be
considered arrogant it boosts my ego
because I'd be feeling good about it and
therefore doing it more and therefore
I'd be doing more of the same thing
which would include probably meet
bringing up the fact that that's
happened it's it's intense but it's
human nature i guess to a certain degree
and i also get frustrated about human
nature generally i could face so many
things out the air you know we are human
by get annoyed from it if there's a girl
you really love and you can't have her
you feel bitter I do there's a girl that
I've been chatting for ages i like so
much and i try and make it work out and
she's not interested she wants to be
just friends I physically can't because
I've always wanted to be more than just
a friend and therefore I feel better
about it now that's bad you know that's
that selfish on my behalf because she
wishes to be friends which is fine but
I'm not willing to accept that is
subconscious level but that's the you
know reality of it and I hate that I
hate sometimes how you're willing to put
other people at a risk in order to save
yourself and when I did a awesome for
big rubber we were asked to extend that
either side if we were willing to do
something and I think this is why didn't
getting because they assumed I was lying
which was if you were at a job and you
did an action which would require you to
be sacked but someone else got the blame
and they would get sex would you take
the rap and I said I would and that may
they don't believe me but firstly I said
well if I took the blame the the
consequences you know wouldn't be as
severe as someone who would deny because
I didn't do it and all
so I couldn't live on my conscience of
you know having someone take the blame
and losing their job and you know would
I let them my cup to begin with if I've
messed up I would take it but I know a
lot of people like that in life that
they will go for what benefits them and
I don't know I hope I'd act in that way
is desirable but there's so many aspects
human nature I could speak from that in
a time and I guess it's what I hate
about myself and this ego thing really
bugs me because I hope when people meet
me in London tomorrow they realize i'm
not at myself and this isn't the front I
suppose so on he met me at University
she saw my videos before she came here
and she said to me today that and we're
talking about this she thought that I
was a quiet guy in that I use this to
yourself as a vet a way of venting my
emotions out when it's not unlikely some
real life you meet me I will chat like
this I don't know so what am I asking
you I'm asking you to look in the camera
and honestly say what about you don't
you like and do you think you can do
anything to build on it for me it's
human nature so it's just a battle of
what a gut feeling feels good and what I
needs to work on his habits I guess but
yeah this isn't like I've spoken a lot
about me I guess it's a good example but
I already want everyone to start the
camera you know and say it and speak
their mind just really speak your mind
and not worry about what people think
you know just be true and then you'll
look back on it and go you know what
I've done saying good there I've managed
to open up say what's on my mind and I
can work on it out because I've
identified the problem and therefore
other people can help me identify a
solution I don't know but even if your
sony doesn't usually respond to me I'm
really asking you to do this because
this is the one video and one idea that
I feel that everyone can benefit from
because I'm definitely benefiting from
it you know we can help each other
progresses individuals so yeah it's
enough from me I'll see you later people
take care
and addy ice
