I have an envelope here youtube and it's
got something on on the front of it
which tells me what's inside it was
something I found so I was given and I'm
certain that it is what it is inside
here is the meaning of life now okay
it's not really the bean in your life
but I want to put the question to you
that if you were ever to face be faced
with a situation in which you know you
get the meaning of life it's there in
front of you and it's there for you
tonight would you really want to know
what the meaning of life was you perhaps
were to be given definitive proof of
what your purpose in life was if you
knew it was the absolute truth if you
knew that this would be what your life
is meant to be about what the meaning
and purpose of your life is on this
planet forever more would you actually
want to hear it there'll be some of you
who say well yeah sure I can know what
my sole purpose is I can make sure I'm
doing the right thing I can make sure
you know I'm gonna go the right way so
if there is an afterlife that I will do
the righteous thing maybe what happens
after you die isn't even hinted at in
the meaning of life but as long as you
can do what your what you know you're
supposed to be but others may not others
may go you know this I want you to throw
it away I want you to get rid of it this
cannot exist on this planet it will not
benefit mankind it won't benefit me this
leads to a side issue of what would give
you the right to decide whether or not
mankind should be able to see this or
not this is in your hands but the
reasons why you may not want to open it
the reasons why you don't want to know
what your purpose is different reasons
really there can be those that go why do
I want to be told what I want to do I
want to have free will with no worry of
what I should be doing technically there
is already that on this planet with
morals and that and you know the
commandments what you thought of
direction should be going but what if
you were told what was exactly what you
should be doing is that a good thing and
there are those that are on the line not
sure
when weighing out things the pros and
cons but at the end of the day they have
to make a decision they can either open
this or they can drop it and leave it
there are those who would like to you
know know what the meaning of life is
but at the same time if you were told
what life is all about isn't half the
enjoyment of life sort of not knowing
everything and you know that's the quest
of finding out a meaning for yourself
and all those things like that I mean I
know a lot of stuff I do is philosophy
based sand when I write I express myself
and you know frustrations with life with
all that be gone if you were to take the
meaning of life in your hand open it up
I'm not looking and have a look inside
I'm looking I'm looking I'm so excited
Oh what that's disappointing life is so
sure I feel so cheap God believe it
don't you can give me that look II
stupid envelope piece of sháá thinking
you just get me all curious and the open
you and you just tell me that how much
post me impressed by that huh huh you
think that's a good thing you bring us a
good thing but that's what we're about
there's a chance have been disappointed
all this build-up you find look at it
what if it's not what you want okay it's
tough you know that is what we're here
for but then is it worth the risk of
being disappointed when we're happy with
what we're doing right now what would
you do if you were given the opportunity
which you want to know what the meaning
of life is I mean from a standpoint it's
the incredible to have that decision you
know that cutoff point you can have that
pivotal moment in your life where you
will actually work out what the meaning
of life is if it was out of you who
would know it would you then go and
spread the word maybe that would be
another bad thing about it there be
complications with other people believe
you if you were to tell them
your discovery I guess with something
like this even if you were to question
it yourself is what is definitive proof
when it comes to the meaning of life
what is absolute truth and proof for the
meaning of life so I put it to your
YouTube make your choice do you want to
find out what the meaning of life is or
do you want to discard it and let it go
and just not note and get on with life
how it is today I'd like to hear your
thoughts post your video responses and
comments now thank you
