hi youtubers miles daya bleh through
seven six I've just woken up now it's
ten to seven needs and GMT I've been
asleep since pretty much five past
nothing this morning after I finished
the 24-hour stick and chat I did for
UNICEF and I just want to do a summary
maybe of you know the whole thing and
you know because I learn a lot during it
and also it was a good laugh and you
know I got chatting to a lot of people
of the community
also just to say like if people still
want to donate because you know the task
has been done no I have done what I said
I would do that link over there is a
donations page the first 12 hours was
actually really difficult and I did do
some filming every hours of wait you
know how things went but it ran out of
the camera so I thought I'd sort of left
in the end and towards the end I was
getting so I just hated also deprived
sleep and I've been talking so much I
was just getting agitated and you know I
thought give it up on it um a lot of
interesting things happens you know I
spray to a lot of cool people a lot of
random stuff happened I'm not really
going to it now but if anyone's got any
footage from 24 hours please post it as
a video response here I'm not going to
put any like approval stuff just post
all that you want but please make it
somewhat related and also I was going to
use an opportunity to ask people who
were there to maybe post video responses
just to talk about two things really I
mean one you know what they make of the
whole charity thing was it successful in
your opinion and also what were your
favorite bits if you were there for the
whole time or for the pots that you were
there were there any bit of motika that
you thought were pretty funny awesome
interesting etc so yeah that'd be also
posted video responses they're looking
on the previous video where or saying
I'm out live now
I'm just waking up now obviously and
there was a comment as pup about 20
minutes ago which I don't even know why
I'm bothering to talk about them but
they said though you know they support
UNICEF they're a waste of money
bureaucracy etc all I can say to that is
why the hell do you tell me that after
I've done it you know if you you know
I've done the challenge so you just
leave it so in such ok
anyway back to much things during the
chat I met people like but biking across
Mack Ian 125 and renessa you know I met
so many youtubers you know not even
those quite popular and when I had
renessa come one due to a previous video
I did we we did have a chat about a
response of eight to one of his and I
have to admit although I did stand by
what I said to a certain degree I did
see a lot of what he was saying and it's
made me think things quite a lot
differently on YouTube and if things
keep going good for me on YouTube then I
can see problems are going to start
occurring but this is a different issue
and I'm going to be addressing you on my
future blog so please keep an eye out
for that because here's pretty
interesting actually and it makes a lot
of sense so yeah I just want to say a
big thank you to everybody who supported
me we raised about 550 pounds at the
moment which is I guess about $900 I
really can't believe that actually and
you know that's from people who would
donate as I was doing it so if anyone
who was gonna donate once at then at ask
the links over there and yeah I did it
24 hours worth of sharing and the 5
minute breaks did me no justice it was I
began to drink walk from the kitchen
tell you on the oven pic and say how the
oven going to accept
it was crazy and another important thing
that I learned about this was it shows
the good side of the YouTube community
and there's been so much aggravation you
know recently so many people get at each
other's fros criticizing things that
they in a really matter and from
chatting to everyone in the room
everyone got on throughout the whole 24
hours there wasn't anyone who there were
people who calls maybe a bitch all the
times but you know you speak to about it
and they see it through and sort it out
and it was all good and if that's the
case on that you know just chat like
that with 50 people all in there at one
time for 24 hours why can't that be the
case on YouTube I mean there's so much
hate at times and I think that it
demonstrates that if people can get
together people can support each other
they can it make think beneficial like
raising for charity and UNICEF here and
making you know that sum of money that's
incredible and I think you know it's
another thing I've learned and saying
that I think everyone could learn so I
say to that is in future we should be
sticking for each other we should be
making contact that's enjoyable she were
making content which it's gonna benefit
people and we should just cut down and
all the guinea about I mean definitely I
will I mean sure you keeping criticize
people if you disagree reviews but if it
you know don't do it unless it's really
necessary or if it is you know part of
the discussion but let us not have
engage I'm a I mean I am as well so yeah
anyway I've had enough of talking a
phrase killing from yesterday there just
to say thank you thank you so so much
because without you guys there really on
without people spreading the word
without people donating this event
wouldn't have been successful and what I
do it again and of course a little but
not for quite some time
hey I need to go and get my sleeping
patterns back up so I'll catch you
around adios
