hey everyone hope all is well firstly
I'd like to acknowledge the depressing
irony of trying to make a video about
mental well-being whilst going through a
pretty intense period of anxiety myself
but life can be poetic sometimes it is
what it is and I'm determined to shift
my attention to this positive creative
outlook so let's see how this goes
I am currently undergoing cognitive
behavioral therapy to help me with the
anxiety episodes I've developed in the
aftermath of my head injury just over
two years ago many people recommended
CBT to me in the past and after just a
few sessions I could see why it made me
think why wasn't I taught this at a
young age when I was at school for those
of you that don't know CBT helps you
understand the relationship between your
thoughts feelings and behaviors with
regular counseling if I can call it that
the focus is on dealing with issues in
the past that have led to the depression
that you are currently experiencing CBT
however is about developing
psychological tools for you to use to
prevent such from arising again in the
future one key part is identifying
unhelpful thinking habits because it
allows you to break down each moment of
anxiety which can be very abstract and
overwhelming experiences into more
tangible components and because this
exercise has helped me so much I wanted
to share some of these unhelpful
thinking habits with you today
number one the mental filter when we
only notice what the filter allows us to
notice which can often be negative
things and therefore dismissing the more
positive realistic ones number 2 mind
reading when you seem you know what
other people are thinking usually about
yourself this can lead to paranoia and
it's something I'm quite guilty or from
time to time and I think that's down to
my empathetic tendencies number three
prediction assuming you know what's
going to happen in the future I mean
it's important to plan ahead to a
certain degree but you shouldn't let it
happen so much that it hinders your
enjoyment of life right now number four
compare and despair when you only see
the good and positive aspects of other
people and compare yourselves negatively
against them
which i think is a real problem in the
age of social media because when you
think about it most people tend to only
post the positive stories in their lives
and when you see that and compare it
against your own reality it can be kind
of disheartening number five critical
self something I think we can all relate
to but can be a really destructive force
if we allow it to grow out of control
constantly putting yourself down or
blaming yourself for situations or
events that you yourself we're not
totally responsible for number six
shoulds and musts this is a huge one for
me I'm constantly thinking I must do
this I should do that it just builds up
so much pressure on you it creates
unrealistic expectations you won't be
able to fulfill so when it comes to
tasks just think does this really need
doing now and set your priorities
accordingly number seven judgments this
is when you make evaluations or
judgments about others yourself or
things in the world rather than
describing what you actually see or have
evidence for so next time you have some
negative thoughts it's actually quite
good to do a list of evidence for and
against it and I found quite often the
things I was feeling weren't actually
the case and it helped me dispel those
negative thoughts number right emotional
reasoning this is another big one for me
when you start feeling bad or anxious
you start trying to justify it
I feel bad therefore it must be bad and
that's the wrong way round of doing it
because if you're confused as to why
you're being anxious the chances are
that you don't actually need to be
number nine mountains and mole hills
this is quite a simple one exaggerating
the negatives and minimizing the
positives number ten catastrophizing
another big one for me this is when you
imagine and believe that the worst
possible thing will happen and I'm
someone who used to have the philosophy
imagine what the worst possible thing
that could happen is and then
acknowledge that whatever happens will
not be as bad as that but that is not
the same as believing that the worst
possible thing will happen that's when
it becomes a real problem
I should have really planned ahead
because I've now run out of fingers
number eleven black and white thinking
do you like what I did there for those
of you that are regular viewers of my
videos will know that I'm very
interested in the concept of nuance the
world is a complicated place thoughts
and emotions are very complicated there
are many shades of gray and so thinking
about things as right and wrong good or
bad black and white is not a helpful
mindset because it can push us to the
extremes and number 12 memories this is
when current situations can trigger
upsetting memories and thoughts from the
past which arise in the present it can
create distress a sense of danger and so
it's just important that we put things
in context how much of what we are
feeling now is because of the current
situation and how much of that is just
because of the memories that we are now
thinking about so there you go 12
unhelpful thinking habits which I do
hope you found helpful
I've still got a long way to go with my
own anxiety but looking back on where I
was just a few months ago I have come
such a long way and learning about these
mental constructs has been a real
game-changer for cognitive behavioral
therapy to be effective it requires us
to be honest with ourselves which can be
a very difficult thing to do when you
have depression and anxiety because I
mean firstly I didn't realize I had it
for many many months now that wasn't
because I was consciously in denial it
was because the regression was so
gradual I didn't notice it but it's also
because when you are mentally vulnerable
it's easy to become defensive so be
honest with yourself go through the list
of 12 unhelpful thinking habits and say
you know what that does apply to me
there's nothing wrong with admitting
that and actually by acknowledging it
you're gonna improve your quality of
life so much more because you'll be able
to do something about it and mental
well-being is so incredibly important
because without it we are hindered as
individuals in living life to the full
and to see what opportunities truly
exist for us on the horizons when we
lift our heads up high I'm going to put
a link in this dish
and for more details on these unhelpful
thinking habits is by someone called
Carol Vivian please like this video and
comment with any thoughts and
experiences you have around the topic of
anxiety and please share this with
anyone you feel could really benefit
from this advice and don't forget we can
stay connected on Instagram Twitter
snapchat Facebook and YouTube thank you
so much for your time I'm so glad I
managed to do this video while feeling
completely terrible I love you always
always and a Dios until next time
