hey everyone hope all is well this week
by experience an awakening of my inner
geek thanks to a game called Pokemon go
I owned pokemon blue on the Game Boy
over 16 years ago and so this new game
on smartphones has the perfect blend of
nostalgia mixed in with the utilization
of the latest mainstream technological
developments and so far is going pretty
good it has already helped boost
Nintendo's market value x over 7.2
billion dollars within two days of
release it has been reported that the
game has been installed on more than
five percent of Android devices in the
US that's more than tinder and about
three percent of them are using it daily
meaning we could see Pokemon go have
more daily active users than Twitter any
day now for those of you not familiar
with the game it uses something called
AR augmented reality in the original
Pokemon games you would control a
character as they walk around a map
looking for Pocket Monsters Pokemon and
catching them with something called
pokeballs you would try and find and
catch them all train them up to become
strong and battle others to become a
pokemon master Pokemon go is an
evolution because the map in this game
is the real world wherever you move your
character moves and so you have to go
outside walk down the street through
fields wherever to find pokemon who will
appear on your phone when you'll near
them and it takes into account your
geographical positioning for example if
you're near water you'll be able to
catch water pokemon although that wasn't
necessary for this soldier fighting Isis
in Mosul Iraq in the game you need to
find and stand next to poker stops which
are dotted all across the map where you
can collect items that are needed for
catching and training Pokemon once you
have chosen a team you can then visit
gyms where you can battle others and
take them over if you win effectively
they've created some kind of digital
turf wars I have walked tens of
kilometers the past few days because of
this game whilst in the process visiting
landmarks I never knew even existed
before some of which are right by where
I live I mean take a look at this April
was when I left my job in London and
started working self-employed from home
and look at July there have been many
reports that this game has helped p
with mental health issues and I can
vouch for that myself following my head
injury my fitness went down
significantly and I developed episodes
of severe anxiety when I'm undertaking
particular tasks work-related and
anxiety comes along I step away and do
some computer gaming instead with the
hope that this quick fix of enjoyment
will solve that unfortunately it doesn't
it just postpones the anxiety so when I
return to the task it's there waiting
for me Oh high anxiety how nice to see
you so I had to look for something else
to do that would alleviate it and that
comes with going for daily walks which
has been amazing and just as a side note
when I do these daily walks I also post
a daily snapchat blog so if you're on
there add me miles away 376 and hope you
enjoy it so Pokemon go has come at a
really good time for me because it
allows me to link the enjoyment of
playing computer games with the
enjoyment of going for nice long walks
every day I have seen so many people of
all ages walking around playing it and
it's hard not to get suspicious whenever
you see someone walking around and their
phone now I went up to a guy the other
day and said excuse me man are you
playing game and he went what you're
talking about and there was a silence
and I went Pokemon when ah is it out yet
I even found myself walking through
graveyards and forests in the middle of
nowhere at night playing this enough are
we doing out here in the middle of
nowhere in a forest around midnight
Pokemon I've engaged in some casual
trolling of my local supermarket I once
entered a hotel car park but in order to
get out I needed a claim a token from
reception that was an interesting
conversation I've even had some of you
lot discover my trail just last night I
battled a giametta park and within
seconds of winning and claiming it a car
drove past on a road nearby and someone
shouted out the window mode are you did
and I actually caught up with those guys
at a pokey stop later on and they were
quite pleasant in person when confronted
for the most part I have had a vast
number of such amazing conversations
with so many pokemon players at parks
and pubs it's it's strange but really
cool some shop situated by jims and
polka stops are taking full advantage of
the
see and rightly so however a police
department that was situated by a pokey
stop had to put a notice out telling
players that it was possible to claim it
without actually coming inside and one
person has the pleasure of having
Pokemon go players turn up outside his
house all day and night with all the fun
and interesting stories that's not to
say that on also negative ones that have
to be taken seriously there's a feature
where at poker stops you can attach an
item called a lure module which makes
Pokemon spawn more frequently for the
next 30 minutes and this notifies nearby
players on the map unfortunately armed
robbers were using this at one location
and so when the people turned up you
know what happened and although the game
does give you a warning to be aware of
your surroundings there are concerns
about people playing it while driving or
crossing the road people are getting
injured by not looking where they are
going and trespassing of course has
quite serious implications however I
think when a new technology becomes
mainstream there are unfortunately going
to be negative consequences but
hopefully over time these will be
minimized and we also have to consider
how many pokemon go players are there in
the world and what percentage of those
are falling fate to some of the stories
that we hear I personally adore this
game and I plan to spend two or three
hours every night going out with my
friends playing this and although there
is plenty of room for improvements they
are of course going to happen this game
can only get better and it's going to be
really exciting to see where this
technology and concept goes and if you
are playing it once you reach level 5
please choose the blue team team mystic
that's my team and if you live in the
Southeast of England in the Berkshire
area I've actually created a facebook
group for that division where we
organize on taking one town at a time
but enough of what i think i would love
to read your pokemon stories if you play
the game so let me know in the comments
of this video and if you don't play it
what do you make of this whole concept
would you even fancy giving it a go
yourself please like and share this
video i post videos on here every week
so if you want any information on what I
do you can get it at patreon.com forward
slash Myles Dyer and you can support me
there as well there are plenty of new
rewards for you to check out so thank
you for watching this
happy Pokemon hunting and a dios till
next time
