hey everyone hope all is well I just
wanted to make one big point in response
to the e referendum result the United
Kingdom has decided to leave the
European Union which is left a wide
range of consequences including economic
ones which we've started to see already
large societal divides with the vote
being at 48 52 % a wave of referendum
stretching across Europe with other
countries perhaps going to leave the
European Union as well and perhaps one
or two referendums of our own here there
is a lot of anger out there at the
moment frustration shock all of these
things are understandable and acceptable
it's the human thing to feel especially
if you were in the remain camp and you
are in despair at what has happened but
what I want to say is that energy you
feel inside no matter what those
emotions are please do whatever you can
to funnel them in constructive means
because if we fail to do that and it's
easy to lose our way online with
internet discussion I recently did a
video about better ways to argue where I
had this mean and how that reflects the
mood of most internet discussions we
really have a responsibility to be
intellectually honest to take a deep
breath and do whatever we can to find
common ground even with those we
fundamentally disagree with because if
we go down the path of taking voting
blocs and characterizing them in a
certain way whether that be xenophobic
racist or on the other side accusing a
voting bloc of accusing them of just
been xenophobic and racist or being
idealistic about an institution which
was flawed we're going to lose our way
and the character tools that we paint
are going to create even bigger divides
than what we are seeing right now and in
the time of such volatility we can't
afford to become more divided we need to
network we need to organize and use this
energy and this political awakening in
many ways
to put focus on the power structure and
bring in the reforms that we need to
improve society for everyone because if
there is something that I have learned
in life it is that the ruling class
loved the vision because if we keep
fighting among themselves they can get
away with doing things that benefit them
and not us and we cannot lose our way
with that so yes it's okay to be angry
it's okay to be shocked and in feel
complete and utter despair but please
don't lose sight of the fact that
regardless of how people voted there is
a reason why they got to that point in
life and for many of those people it's
because they were hurting they had no
sense of ways to fight back politically
and this was a great fu to the
establishment rightly or wrongly so use
that energy to organize with friends
family we can't we all have to choose
our own battles in life we can't fight
all of them so decide what are the
things you care about most you know we
talk about these global issues that the
was important for whether that was the
refugee crisis terrorism climate change
tax avoidance civil liberties choose
your battles and use this energy to
fight for them keep a spotlight on the
power structure and don't let them off
the hook because if we do things are
only going to get worse and with the
technology we have now to communicate
and share ideas and actually broaden our
horizons of empathy I keep mentioning
this book in my last video with all this
potential we have the ability to make a
better world despite things getting
worse perhaps first and weirdly enough
my band has just released our new EP
today and we've got a new music video
for the single Horror Show and I wrote
that song with the band in October 2014
and it was all about frustration with
the power structure and the fact that we
need to fight back and there is a line
in it which I feel rings very true to
the current situation we're in and it is
this
centralized power is flawed our networks
can reform unity too big to fail and
with that in mind let's keep fighting
for a better future and just keep
rational intellectually honest and don't
let fear anger and hate consume you
because if that happens those in the
power structure the one is divided will
win thank you
