hey everyone hope all is well have you
ever tried having a conversation with
someone online with it transcending into
something like this I think we all have
and although it's not exclusive to the
Internet when we discuss ideas and
issues we are passionate about via text
there is a risk of things coming across
a lot harsher than intended whereas when
we speak it's more conversational with a
tone of voice that can add meaning to
what we say and when in person there is
body language as well but I also think
there is a problem with the way many of
us perceive the concept of having an
argument back when I was at secondary
school I was in a public speaking Club
and I know what you're thinking that
sounds so cool and it involved having
debates where you were provided with a
notion and you had to argue for or
against it in the most persuasive way
possible regardless of what you actually
believed this made me begin to realize
that we have created a culture where so
many people believe that the point of
having a discussion is to win the
argument and this causes a range of
problems firstly it plays into the
notion that being proven wrong is a
weakness when surely it should be taken
as a sign of enlightenment it
exacerbates the backfire effect as
explained by author David McCraney as
being when your convictions are
challenged by contradictory evidence
your beliefs actually become stronger it
risks taking the nuance out of very
complicated issues and can even create a
divisive us-versus-them mentality one of
the biggest lessons I've taken from
activism is that the purpose of having
discussions with those you don't
necessarily agree with is to find common
ground I have therefore for this video
put together a list of some things to
try out next time you're having a
discussion with someone that can
hopefully make the experience more
enriching more open and less tense
number one start a human connection
traditionally the person you are
debating is perceived as an opponent the
one you are supposed to attack
annihilate intellectually destroy and
you know what I don't like that why not
start off getting to know each other's
backgrounds first what is it that has
brought you both to where you are today
in the context of that discussion number
two identify three things you agree on
no matter how trivial or arel
the discussion they may be it could be
movies that you like or things in
society you would like to see fixed
starting a debate with common ground can
really help massage those empathy
muscles number three it is okay to say I
don't know this phrase is normally seen
as a weakness and it encourages people
to steer the conversation elsewhere or
even make stuff up just to avoid
embarrassment this is not helpful and so
it should be made clear from the offset
that saying I don't know is not a
disqualifying phrase number four
critique your own viewpoints this is
something I'm sure frustrates many of
you out there especially when you look
at debates at the top level in politics
for example whether that be presidential
or referendums you have two sides to an
argument debating and neither of them
seem to concede anything that could be
detrimental to their own argument and it
comes across as disingenuous so why not
have the opportunity when possible for
both sides of an argument to disclose
criticisms of their own positions I
think having this level of intellectual
honesty
in any discussion is healthy because
after all no concept is perfect number
five avoid labeling each other labels
mean different things to different
people regardless of what the official
definition may be for a particular word
used they can lead to generalizations
and thus assumptions so stay clear and
even though this will require spending a
bit more time explaining your point it
will be more helpful in the long run and
number six find common ground slightly
different point number two towards the
end of your discussion you should find
areas of agreement around the issues
that you have been debating now this is
not to say that there cannot be
fundamental disagreement or that you
must be on the same page at the very end
these are just some considerations to
help facilitate an environment that is
less combative allowing each person to
feel less defensive and more open to an
experience that should be educational
and most importantly debate should just
be about being intellectually honest
with the other person but with yourself
as well
furthermore some of my suggestions
aren't always relevant for example you
might be joining a discussion on a
Facebook page
in the comments with hundreds of other
people you aren't gonna dive in there
and go hey everyone before I chip in I
just like to find some common ground
what movies does everyone like what's
your favorite color but you don't need
me telling you that but I just wanted to
say that as a disclaimer
the overall notion of finding common
ground throughout the discussion though
is an important one
I've always thought of the Internet as a
universe of dots every person every
thought every idea every piece of media
and the Internet has been a tool that
has allowed these dots to be joined
together on an unprecedented scale and
over time these dots will group into
clouds communities echo chambers but
they will collide it is inevitable
storms will brew and many heated
discussions will ensue I like that right
and so in an age of global communication
and mass information I think we all have
a responsibility to take a really hard
look at the way that we discuss issues
and ideas with those we profoundly
disagree with if we are to progress as a
human civilization I really look forward
to reading your thoughts in the comments
below be sure to like the video and
share it around with anyone you think
would find this interesting I appreciate
the support as always and I'd love to
give a big shout out to one of my
patrons Katzie AKA lisa she's been an
amazing supporter the past two months if
you want to join the patreon community
you can go to patreon.com/scishow
so as always I will be back next week
adios till next time
