hey everyone hope all is well as of May
27 2016 it has been 10 years since I
first joined YouTube 10 years it has
been a truly live shaping experience
involving the creation of over 700
videos which have had tens of millions
of views so I thought I'd take a moment
to reflect on the past decade I first
signed up to the site just to post
random creations like misheard lyric
videos but then a few weeks later I saw
a new story about an elderly man named
peter oakley who had set up a YouTube
account geriatric 1927 and posted a
video titled first try which received
millions of views within days I got
addicted to you too fascinated by this
story I decided to check it out and was
blown away by the hundreds of people who
were posting video responses introducing
themselves too therefore I decided to
give it a go myself hey everyone burrows
was having positive energy good lighting
speaking clear strong video structure
looking directly into the camera all
these things would hopefully come with
practice my username was blade 376
hiatus miles blow through 76 it was just
a name i had used for many years online
when playing computer games because i
thought it sounded cool i didn't expect
this to go anywhere but upon receiving
several views and a few comments of
encouragement i continued making videos
and the ball started rolling my hair
definitely went through a lot of changes
over the years curly straight reasonably
tidy wildly messy long short and shorter
and yet i still haven't been able to
decide what to do with it and then the
head we're like my trademark black cap
which I seem to wear all the time and
there was this bandana thing made of t
shirt sleeves when turning them into
tank tops ah the joys of looking back on
perceived fashion in the first few years
the YouTube community was so incredibly
small all the video bloggers worldwide
pretty much knew each other it was nice
but being one of the only main video
bloggers from the UK it meant I only
really got to hang out with the majority
of others when travelling abroad 777 in
New York was the first proper
opportunity to do that but I had
organized the first UK gathering earlier
the year as well if I recall correctly
the average age of people going to these
gatherings back then was around 25 and I
remember thinking to myself I really
need to grow up and so I have over the
years and I go to gatherings now where
the average age is more around 16 oh how
things have changed by the end of 2007
these events attracted a lot more
interest in enthusiasm if you turn
around who's here even news
organizations worldwide felt compelled
to report on them with cable miles it's
being a pleasure to speak to you and
keep doing what you do because it sounds
like a very healthy inspiring thing for
you this is just the beginning of a
great big he's taking over the world 376
watch ads I was becoming a huge online
community enthusiast at the end of two
thousand six I had conducted a 24 hour
livestream from a university dorm to
raise money for the tombs charity UNICEF
thanks to the support of fellow
youtubers and our viewers it grew
year-on-year under the name stick aid
with its peak in 2011 where millions
tuned in and tens of thousands of
dollars were raised to get invited to
speak at the world's biggest YouTube
convention and to get a response like
this was inspiring to say the least um
this is gonna be an all good questions i
might get no response has anyone had a
stick aid for three years I studied
psychology at University whilst also
creating videos with a small webcam sat
on top of my laptop did the job but made
an awful lot of noise whenever I tried
to move it complete weirdo walking
around this laptop my family urged me
not to become too distracted by youtube
understandably because back then online
video was not perceived as an obvious
stepping stone towards employment I
maintained a healthy balance and one day
I got a message from lecturers saying
that I had been quoted in dissertations
by students studying teaching as a
result I was asked to give talks to
students on YouTube as a tool for
education and was even brought into the
fold with their blended learning
department I studied psychology with the
intent of one day becoming a counselor
because the well-being of others is what
keeps me going in life but after going
through depression myself and
broadcasting my experiences with a video
called you are not alone which received
an incredible response it was yet
another reason why I believe
future of helping people was to be
undertaken via online video instead with
the community still rather small back
then I was often in contact with the
YouTube staff providing feedback on
their services and supporting campaigns
that they've launched miles you're
raising some very big points about our
civil liberties one of them was called
ask the PM receiving a video response
from our country's leader was very
surreal and opened my mind further to
the possibilities this technology has in
2009 the BBC wanted to tap into this
community and they contacted me to find
out if I fancied spending six hours a
day in a glass box installed in a town
centre doing whatever I can to gain more
online vote than an opponent not what I
really had in mind but I was up for it
however I soon discovered they were
approaching other youtubers as well
using us to leverage our audience to
their show whilst knocking each other
out so I contacted the others and said
hey let's team up and work together and
so we did as we beat the competition
show after show of ease due to our large
online following it caused a lot of
controversy especially since we were not
a traditional act this was a time when
online community and the digital power
of grassroots efforts was very new to
traditional broadcasters you stays
bloggers from the UK confederations
ticked on 1977
oh my god winning the grand final we
invested some of the prize money into
hosting a charity youtube gathering for
our supporters of the back of this I was
invited to an internal BBC show called
wide and inspired to talk to robert
Llewellyn about my youtube experiences
and whilst making an off-the-cuff remark
about looking for a job but if you were
going to apply for a job where you'd
send that link well I've been applying
recently for a job lately and on my cv i
actually have links to my youtube videos
right and a lot of people look at that
and go what's he playing at but yeah
skipper chants you know be open minded
and this is new tenant if you had a
response to that from potential
employers and we were saying not yet i'm
still trying maybe if the reason we took
one look at his youtube video and that
was it who's that the world they offered
me one i was only at the BBC for six
months helping them with their comedy
youtube channel after this i worked in
construction I know me working in
construction can you imagine my career
path has not been a straightforward one
but video has always been in my heart
well being a shelf stacker at a
supermarket I would carry a receipt real
a blank one in my pocket and while doing
the mind-numbing task I would be
thinking up video ideas and writing them
down so I could go back at the weekend
and work on them in my free time I think
it's fair to say I've never been afraid
to show the world who I am through the
good and the bad whether that be
discussing the concept of online
identity on television or vlogging about
the time I flew to LA for a girl who
turn out to have a husband yikes I
always liked coming up with ideas to
encourage others to start posting on
YouTube whether that be attempting the
biggest collaboration video of all time
with over 300 people or the time when
music became super limited on YouTube in
the UK due to licensing laws where I
encourage people to wear headphones play
a song so loud that they couldn't hear
themselves sing along then upload the
video this in turn filled the youtube
search music video void with when you
can tell by the way I'd use my walk I'm
a woman's man it's just the price I pay
this is the greatest and best song in
the world another project I enjoyed
creating with 62nd September 30 daily
one-minute videos I remember by day
three thinking oh no what have I set
myself up for I'm not gonna be able to
do this but the creative juices started
flowing and it worked from sketches to
music to serious discussion I kind of
miss it and wouldn't mind doing it again
although there have been so many
positives that's not to say there
haven't been down sides as well in the
trivial sense there are quite a few
postings I look back on with
embarrassment like or or or stretched
ears my mindset and much thankfully I'm
creating better music now but do I have
any real regrets I think the closest
I've come to that was back in the day
when YouTube had a front page that they
featured content on if you got picked
you would get hundreds of thousands of
years overnight and many of those people
went on to have huge audiences it could
be life-changing and so naturally I
wanted that opportunity to but I was
young immature and shouldn't have felt
so bitter about not getting featured
back then but I did and made a video
about it after a new video blogger from
the UK got featured called charlie is so
cool like although it was a huge mistake
on my part which led to large amounts of
drama within a community I loved the
reason I don't fully regret it was
because the knock-on effect was learning
from it maturing and becoming really
good friends with an awesome human being
Charlie and miles gear plus hey that's a
really good phone hindsight is a
fantastic teacher I learned that my dry
sense of humor and sarcasm doesn't
always go down well online and can
sometimes come across as just plain mean
when doing a video about censorship
intended to be satirical and ironic and
what about your opinion well you're not
gonna have a say because your opinion
means nothing where I band comments to
prove the point I lost a lot of
subscribers that day whoops however
videos always have the potential to be
misunderstood by someone you can do what
you can to try and minimize those
chances but you will never eliminate
them that is something that has become
increasingly evident to me as I've made
more and more videos around activism and
social commentaries I'd say my biggest
strength the past decade has been my
continued willingness to experiment with
online video across a broad range of
subjects including education journalism
activism music entertainment health
charity politics and business but this
has also been my weakness in 2011 I
started working for online broadcast a
channel flip helping to build it into a
YouTube network from 500,000 monthly web
use 250 million in 18 months three years
later I became employed as a video
marketing manager for the Guardian here
I pitched and help develop their most
viewed video series of 2015 comment is
free as a video strategist my biggest
piece of advice for building audiences
is to have consistency choose one format
style or objective and build on that
week on week it can evolve but people
should have a real clear sense of what
they are subscribing to you I never
followed my own advice though because
from the very beginning I treated
youtube as an outlet to just be myself a
sporadic creative who likes to keep
trying new things my videos have ranged
from the series to the absurd from
spoken word pieces to travel vlogs from
parodies to interviews from sketches to
speaking about mental well-being and
from music videos to citizen journalism
but as time passed and the more focused
i became around serious issues the less
relevant i was among the mainstream
youtube community it was a tough pill i
never swallow for many years and in 2013
i went through some significant mental
paralysis around what to do next and
then i have been dealing with
post-concussion syndrome i received a
head injury my world fell apart in every
conceivable way work social life health
you name it it all just stopped stuck at
home recovering i occasionally tried to
post a video you to give myself some
kind of purpose but it was tough and i
have to tell you when you stand still in
life you really get a sense of how fast
the world moves without you fortunately
I'm much better now although not fully
recovered but I feel that this is a good
opportunity to give my youtube channel
another go having left the guardian I
have now become a freelance video
consultant and launched a patreon
account for those of you who want to
support me directly I honestly miss
being a leader in the mainstream YouTube
community it may have not been my
original intention but I'd be lying if I
said I didn't love being invited to
events around the world getting
recognized and having great
conversations with so many people now if
I attend these events I could walk
around and blend in with the crowd while
watching old friends still enjoying the
spotlight but don't get me wrong I get
it though it's all about the cycle of a
product but when that product is a human
being it hurts at first and it's been a
huge learning curve for me in life the
world has changed significantly the past
10 years and I have to I have grown up a
lot the online community with video is
no longer one gigantic pyramid that can
be viewed all at once because there are
now thousands of them subjects once
regarded as niche now have significant
followings video is consumed on multiple
platforms and even the traditional
notion of celebrity is breaking down we
are moving towards a decentralized more
networked society if you are a content
creator or are considering becoming one
don't fall for the trap of doing
something just because it's popular
because you may look back in years time
wishing that you were done saying more
in line with your real passions I'm
certainly glad I did stay true to
yourself and you will get to exist
within a community that will be true to
you in return and although I sometimes
miss adventures of the past the way I'm
wired variety is the spice of life and
with old friends I miss perhaps our
paths will cross again someday
unfortunately that can't always happen
though with some friends no longer with
us in this world but whose legacies
forever remain in video form online
looking back I realize the moments I've
enjoyed most have been where I've
spotted an opportunity and just gone for
them wholeheartedly that's what I must
keep doing some people miss the way I
was ten years ago others five years ago
and some prefer me now but if there is
one key lesson I've learned from making
YouTube videos it is that each upload
represents just a snapshot in time an
idea a facet of a memory a digital
footprint that Colette
tively will have the biggest possible
impact if I do whatever I can to keep
running off into the future with passion
I'd like to end this with my all-time
favorite comment which was posted on my
first ever video blog disclaimer it was
posted as a joke many years later which
is why it's so brilliant can you imagine
if this was posted when I first joined
YouTube in 2006 to think if I took
notice and became discouraged you
wouldn't be watching this video right
now so if you are a content creator take
my advice don't be discouraged so to
those of you that are still with me
thank you so so much for your support
because without you much of this story
would have not have been possible as for
those of you that are barely recently
joined welcome and subscribe if you
haven't already I have to say that and I
guess we shall wait and see what the
next 10 years has in store for all of us
so on that note a dios people a dios
until next time a days till next time
adios till next time adios till next
time
you
