hey everyone hope all is well first a
quick story when the Second World War
came to an end the British took some
German civilians around the Belsen
concentration camp and why did they do
this to show them what their own
soldiers had done during the war it was
reported that one of the civilians had
said what terrible criminals these
prisoners must have been to receive such
treatment not uttered by a guard but by
a civilian the just world hypothesis is
a cognitive bias in which we as human
beings try to make sense of a world that
is unfortunately unjust we like to
believe noble acts lead to reward and
bad actions result in punishment and so
when we see bad things happen to good
people and goods are bad there is a
tendency to view such situations in a
way that reduces this sense of guilt or
discomfort I have been fascinated by
this concept for a long time because
when it comes to activism and political
discourse you see this process play out
quite often I mean here are a few
examples poverty what if they just
worked harder the system would reward
him accordingly obesity they clearly
just need to take better care of their
eating habits the refugee crisis these
families are so irresponsible taking
their young children on rafts and
putting their lives in danger like that
sexual assault she had been drinking and
well she may have not made it clear
enough that she didn't want to have sex
or police brutality if he had just
stayed out of trouble it would have
never have come to this it is
unfortunate to have this mental starting
point in which you approach any news of
tragedy as being something that was self
created by the victim but it happens
with many of us because by convincing
yourself that a victim gets what they
deserve it helps you solidify this
belief that well it could never happen
to you and to fall for this mentality
reduces the likelihood that you would
sympathize with a victim you'd become
less likely therefore to help them as
well the just world hypothesis means
it's likely that there are large sums of
people who are apathetic and this can be
a real challenge to anyone who is trying
to fight for societal or systemic change
take the battle against mass
surveillance for example there are many
people out there who think well if you
have nothing to hide you have nothing to
worry about
but as
NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden has
pointed out that is no different from
saying that you don't care about freedom
of speech because you had nothing to say
or consider Occupy Wall Street when that
was happening there was some
condemnation coming from other working
and middle-class people saying things
like I work two jobs I just about get by
but you don't hear me complaining when
I'm there thinking but they should be
complaining they're on the same team in
that moment in time they're actually
defending an unjust system which is
serving them poorly you may be thinking
of examples right now of times where
you've personally experienced this
mindset I mean I think we're all guilty
of it so it's a question of what can be
done about it what are the solutions
well firstly I think it's about being
aware of it and hopefully this video has
helped do that secondly except in
reality for what it is yes sometimes
good things happen to good people but
sometimes they happen to bad people as
well and what does good and bad even
mean a complicated world requires
nuanced interpretation wherever possible
and thirdly take action organize do
whatever you can to help us move towards
having an actual just world that can be
done by identifying the root causes to
the problems we face or by bringing
awareness and helping develop the
necessary solutions because it's not
just about the way we think about these
and justices in the world it's about the
actions we can take in response to these
things as well so thank you for watching
this video
please do comment with your thoughts I'd
be really interested to read them and
please like and share the video as well
if you'd be so kind this is the start of
me making weekly videos again last week
I launched a patreon account and we're
almost halfway already to my goal so
thank you so much to everyone who has
supported me if you haven't seen it
already go to patreon.com/scishow to
next time
