hey everyone hope all is well I have an
announcement but first some context back
in 2006 I first discovered that YouTube
was more than just a platform for
uploading video between the fabric of
these audio visual experiences was an
online community small but vibrant and
so for the next 10 years I began
experimenting increasingly becoming
enthusiastic about this tool that
connected people globally where ideas
could be discussed and creation shared
having helped organize the first UK
YouTube gatherings it was clear to me
that online get-togethers could become
physical ones to host a 24-hour non-stop
live charity broadcast from my
university dorm called stick aid and to
see it grow year-on-year to the point of
reaching millions from a television
studio incorporating YouTube experiences
with my psychology degree studies to
develop a theory called expressive
insights on how online video could help
combat depression creating a team for a
BBC reality TV show and winning the
grand final being taken seriously by
traditional media outlets receiving a
video response from a British Prime
Minister and being invited to Parliament
to discuss issues I address on my
channel self-funding lecture tools to
discuss cyber philanthropy working for a
new YouTube network building up in 18
months from 500,000 monthly web views
250 million and employed by the Guardian
where I pitched and help develop their
most viewed video series of 2015 comment
is free I live and breathe this with a
passion because I truly believe that
online community is one of the best
chances we have of changing the world
for the better by reaching global
consciousness and so to all of you out
there who supported me over the years I
thank you from the bottom of my heart
progress is something you only really
notice when you look over your shoulder
and without you much of this could not
have been possible but during this
period I have often been asked by
friends colleagues and viewers miles why
don't you make videos more often and
honestly it's because of time when I
worked for the YouTube network channel
flip I thought my time was better spent
using my knowledge of the platform to
help hundreds of youtubers as opposed to
helping just one ie me and when I was at
the media
zation guardian they were saying why
aren't you making videos if you're
interested in journalism and education
and it was because I'd rather help the
organization and hundreds of journalists
transition to the video platform well my
time at the Guardian recently came to an
end and so I find myself at a crossroads
in life a moment to reflect on what's
important to me what do I want to do
next and the answer to that first
question I could probably break into
three categories there's activism online
community and being an educator the last
10 years on YouTube has been a difficult
transition for me I guess you could call
it growing up but as I became more aware
of the potential of this platform I
steered away from entertainment videos
and more towards one's about serious
issues and projects and consequently I
became less included in the mainstream
YouTube community I helped build from
the start but that's just life things
move on unfortunately over the recent
years i have made new connections with
people that make me feel like i'm home
again so thank you and so today i
consider returning as a regular video
blogger but to do that I need your help
and so I'm launching a patreon account
for this YouTube channel that doesn't
mean a pay wall for my video content I
always want that to remain free to view
and share but what it does mean is for
any of you out there who believe in the
work I do that you have an opportunity
to support me directly in the last
couple of years I've had a lot of people
on my videos on live streams even when
I've been gaming saying can i donate to
you somehow and I've always said no
because it's just been on such a random
occurrence and so I thought why not
organise something like this so this is
how it works in a nutshell you can visit
my patreon page and pledge five ten
twenty dollars a month however much or
little you'd like and you become a
Patrian every week I will produce a
video for this YouTube channel and I
will also host a live stream for my
patrians where we can discuss upcoming
video ideas and concepts issues
discussed on previous videos and world
events and causes I am someone who
believes no one has a monopoly on good
ideas and so this is a fantastic
opportunity for
me to work closely with those of you out
there who support what I do I have some
very ambitious plans for the future and
trust me I mean ambitious but we need to
take this one step at a time so right
now I'm trying to figure out how much
time I can afford to dedicate to this
channel each week I've not yet set many
goals or rewards because I driver
build-up to this just one step at a time
but may 27th will be my 10-year YouTube
anniversary and I'm going to use that as
a date to review how this Patrian
project is going and determine whether
or not this is something I am able to
continue I have to admit it does feel
we're discussing this but I have to be
honest with you and logistically
speaking if I could just get 50 of you
out there to donate ten dollars a month
I think that this could be the start of
something very very special and I hope
many of you out there will join me on
this journey however if you are not able
to or don't agree with that I completely
respect that but hopefully you can
respect from what I've told you in this
video why I am doing this if you have
any questions please don't hesitate to
ask in the comments I will do my best to
answer as many as possible and thank you
for your time and support as always I
love you all and I look forward with a
bit of anxiety to seeing what this next
chapter in my life can bring us
hopefully something exciting and amazing
so thank you and a DA till next time
