hey everyone hope all is well when you
are part of a campaign that is taking on
the political establishment the media
establishment and many of the world's
most powerful special interests you are
gonna get a lot of negativity thrown
your way and so I wanted to make this
video to lay out five key reasons why
the Bernie Sanders campaign still has a
path to victory number one we have the
momentum over the past year the media
has constantly mentioned how Bernie
Sanders is trailing Hillary Clinton in
the polls but context is important
however and you derive that by comparing
the current polls with those taken in
the past
take a look at this Hillary Clinton is a
candidate with decades of global
recognition and built up political
campaign infrastructure and therefore
she could only really go down in the
polls over time compare this to Vermont
senator Bernie Sanders who was hardly
known by many of the American people and
polled us around 9% when he announced he
was running on April the 30th 2015 he
only really had the potential to improve
his standings as more and more people
began to discover who he was I mean
during the time of the New Hampshire
primary for example just look at the top
trending questions on Google for each
candidate the results are very telling
or how about people search results for
each candidate as a whole Daniel I can't
get over your map you were showing the
candidates and you had all these nice
colors Bernie Sanders was purple in the
whole country was purple I mean that
that says a lot right there I mean I go
back not a single state where either
Clinton or Malley top Sanders in
interest is it is that the best way to
look at that in in google searching
interests by state
that is how to look at it so despite the
lack of name recognition the media
blackouts the lack of support from many
within the Democratic Party and the
first half of the primary process mainly
being in states that favored Hillary
Clinton his momentum has continued to
build and therefore the question has
always been can Bernie Sanders stay in
the race long enough that his momentum
will allow him to snowball past
Secretary Clinton and we know right now
that he is staying in this until the
convention thanks to your support so
let's keep it up number two we have the
money
despite the intimidating existence of
big money in politics Bernie Sanders has
managed to remain competitive without
relying on super PACs or large campaign
contributors this is unprecedented and
who would have thought that money would
become a problem for Hillary Clinton now
in order for her to remain competitive
against Bernie Sanders she has to hold
these additional fundraisers with
wealthy campaign contributors which
doesn't only look bad and play into
Bernie Sanders message but it also
requires her to take even more time off
the campaign trail
John according to the Sunlight
Foundation and the intercept you're
hosting a fundraiser for Secretary
Clinton in Washington along with several
lobbyists who work for firms that lobby
on behalf of Goldman Sachs the NRA is in
this kind of fundraiser exactly the kind
of thing that drives supporters to
Bernie Sanders well look I think we're
trying to raise the resources compared
this to Bernie Sanders who on the night
of winning the New Hampshire primary
spent less than a minute
calling on his supporters to donate to
Bernie Sanders konk and the result he
raised over six million dollars in 24
hours Sanders has managed to outrace
Clinton in both January and February of
this year at the time of making this
video his campaign has received over 6.5
million individual contributions not
from Wall Street not from the fossil
fuel industries not from pharmaceutical
companies but from the working and
middle-class people of America and so as
our momentum continues to grow so will
our fundraising efforts and do you
really think it's going to become easier
for Hillary Clinton to keep up as the
time passes I think not number three we
are wising up to traditional polit
six it is becoming clear to increasing
numbers of people across the u.s. that
the businesses usual approach is not
acceptable and drastic change is needed
thankfully for us there is a real clear
choice in this election cycle for
example do we need incremental change or
radical change Hillary Clinton has been
constantly peddling this notion that
Bernie Sanders is unrealistic with his
policies health emergencies can't wait
for us to have some theoretical debate
about some better idea that will never
ever come to pass and don't get me wrong
I understand incremental change
traditionally looks like the realistic
choice on face value but when you look
at the many American people who are
suffering and struggling on a day-by-day
basis their actual realities require
radical change now not later I mean take
climate change for instance if we don't
get our act together soon it is game
over for the planet so you can talk all
you want about incremental change we
don't actually have time for that and
the same could be said for many other
issues like criminal justice reform
health care education and income
inequality do we want establishment
politics or a new form of politics
because traditionally government is
about centralized power which is flawed
when you look at some of the biggest
changes that have taken place throughout
human history it has come from the
bottom up and people were beginning to
realize we need a more networked society
where we can bring working and
middle-class people into the political
system and the difference between the
Democratic candidates is so clear just
by looking at the language they use
Bernie Sanders effortlessly ziz words
like we and us and our poll has us ahead
in Utah by 11 points if we can we're
ahead in Utah by 11 points not going to
be many states in this country that we
can't win where as Hillary Clinton tends
to use more often a different pronoun
and as they're leaving I
say I have earned 9 million votes in
this election I have 1 million more
votes and Donald Trump and I have two
and a half million more votes and one
final example of a clear choice we have
on this campaign
do we want spin or authenticity from our
candidates this is quite a big one
because of the internet we are becoming
more and more used to the idea of seeing
people on screen who are not reading
from a script and are just being
themselves thanks to things like video
blogging or reality TV some of it
disclaimer there or even things like
Skype calls or FaceTime and Millennials
most of which we live and breathe the
Internet are especially good at
detecting authenticity which is a trait
associated with integrity something that
Hillary Clinton unfortunately struggles
with because she is a traditional
politician and hey instead of using your
actual voice maybe try to sound more
like you're always from whatever region
it is you're talking to in fact here's
the Illinois born New England educated
New York senator speaking in South
Carolina I'm aware I may not be the
youngest candidate in this race but I
have one big advantage
I've been coloring my hair for years
another way of using spin in traditional
politics is by framing discussion
disingenuously we're gonna pull together
and stand up against those powerful
forces and I always get a little chuckle
when I hear my opponent talking about
doing it well I don't know where he was
when I was trying to get health care in
93 and 94 very grateful for the
leadership that many people are giving
to this great reform effort and I'm
grateful that congressman Sanders would
join us today from Vermont or by tracing
a bita demographic as a monolith whether
that be women Hillary Clinton will
always be there for you and just
remember there's a special place in hell
for women who don't help each other
Oh african-americans what do you think
about the fact that so many analysts you
know TV talking heads basically are
referring to South Carolina and the
black vote in general is as Hillary
Clinton's firewall their word what do
you think about this assumption that
Clinton will do better with minority
voters well to be blunt Tom I think is
insulting to African Americans just like
any other ethnic group our vote should
be earned nobody owns our boat and to
say that we're a firewall I'll be
putting us to work in that way you know
it's just kind of it's insulting I've
heard that from African Americans across
the country and say what has worked in
previous election cycles doesn't say
much anymore people grow out of old
school politics far greater rate than
those that fall back into it and we
should take some comfort in that number
four we have the information the
Internet has given us the fantastic
opportunity to become our own
journalists we no longer have to rely
solely on the mainstream media and
instead we can compare sources different
interviews articles and actually have
conversations and share ideas with
people outside of our own local
communities social media has been a real
game-changer and Bernie Sanders has
fully taken advantage of this
opportunity to educate the American
people about issues and ideas not
normally discussed in the mainstream for
example when he mentioned Goldman Sachs
during the NBC YouTube debate in South
Carolina he calls search interest on
Google to spike seven hundred and fifty
eight percent over those two hours and
look what happened when he criticized
Henry Kissinger during the PBS Wisconsin
debate we now have the ability to create
digital footprints for each candidate
which means we don't just have to listen
to what they say but we can also look at
what they've done in the past as well
and what are people discovering that
Vermont senator Bernie Sanders has been
intellectually consistent on so many key
issues for over three decades but
because of his anti-establishment stance
it also meant he could be consistently
ignored but no more thanks to the
internet and these digital footprints
compare this to Hillary Clinton a
candidate who has held many positions on
many issues over the years do you think
New York State should recognize gay
marriage No
okay I support marriage for lesbian and
gay couples I support it personally and
as a matter of policy and law to be fair
though and I mean this with complete
sincerity Hillary Clinton would actually
be a great candidate if this was a
normal election in the eyes of many of
the American people but unfortunately
for her and I do feel sorry for for this
reason she is up against a candidate who
is doing politics in a new way who has a
long track record of consistency in
integrity and she's never gonna win that
battle and because that contrast between
the two of them is so huge she looks a
lot worse than she normally would and
you can tell she's very frustrated by
that I mean I think Secretary Clinton is
catching on to where the American people
are and you know she is evolved on the
Keystone pipeline she's evolved on the
trans-pacific partnership she has
apologized for supporting the war in
Iraq she's apologized for supporting
this homophobic DOMA legislation in the
1990s so yes I suppose that one can get
satisfaction from seeing her move closer
to our positions but I think what the
voters have got to decide is will she be
apologizing 20 years from now for
actions she takes today what leadership
is about is having the courage to do the
right thing now even if it's unpopular
and I think if you checked my history
that's what I've done it therefore seems
the more that people learn about the
past of Bernie Sanders the more they
like him whereas the more that they
learn about the past of Hillary Clinton
the less they like her and something
else to consider is how grassroots works
with information something I like to
call bottom-up education let me explain
Bernie Sanders has been winning the
support of Millennials at around 80% in
most polls as a fantastic result for him
and these are people who use the
Internet to get most of their
information and news I feel sorry
sometimes for the young people who you
know believe this they don't do their
own research and I'm glad that we now
can point to reliable independent
analysis to say no it's just not true I
think it's fair to say that young
Poole tend to be the most idealistic and
enthusiastic about things compared to
other age demographics now think about
this young people who support Bernie
Sanders at the dinner table talking with
their parents grandparents other family
or even friends about why they support
him over time these conversations could
actually convince more to support his
campaign now although this is anecdotal
evidence this is a story aquick Lee like
to share with you but a friend of mine
who lives in Boston Massachusetts she's
been a lifelong Clinton supporter both
Bill and Hillary and when visiting the
UK at the end of last year she was
expressing how she felt Bernie Sanders
was not electable we of course have a
discussion about that um but went back
at home she got asked by her daughter if
she could get taken to a Bernie Sanders
rally and so she did and long story
short I'm sure there were other factors
as well on primary day she voted for
Bernie Sanders which I'm so happy about
and I love her to pieces for it but
what's interesting about this is her
daughter is too young to vote in the
elections myself as a UK citizen
understandably can't very Iver but we
can still make a difference by
discussing the issues and having these
conversations information is power
number five we have a global movement
when most candidates go into these
election cycles their main focus is to
become president of the United States
sound obvious well with Bernie Sanders
he has a slightly different idea and now
let me tell you something that no other
candidate for president will tell you
and that is no matter who is elected to
be President that person will not be
able to address the enormous problems
facing the working families of our
country they will not be able to succeed
because the power of corporate America
the power of Wall Street the power of
campaign donors is so great that no
president of
oan can stand up to them that is the
truth
people may be uncomfortable about
hearing it but that is the reality and
that is why what this campaign is about
is saying loudly and clearly it is not
just about electing Bernie Sanders for
president it is about creating a
grassroots political movement in this
country
this man has managed to create a
movement that at the very least has
brought together people that were
energized by previous ones think of the
anti-war movement Occupy Wall Street the
anti mass surveillance protests or the
protests against climate change there
are millions of people out there who
have been craving for a candidate to run
for office who would firmly stand for
these progressive issues and they
finally have won and so people are
obviously wondering where does Hillary
Clinton stand on foreign intervention
where does she stand on income
inequality and Wall Street where does
she stand on mass surveillance where
does she stand on climate change in the
environment and there is a good reason
why Bernie Sanders is getting support
not just from Americans but from
millions of people around the world
myself included I was once at a Bernie
Sanders rally in Parliament Square in
London and that is because the issues he
is talking about our global ones the
solutions he proposes are global ones he
is creating a global movement and so
many people are passionate in believing
that he just won't transform America for
the better but the world as well so this
video was about why Bernie Sanders still
has a path to victory but it all depends
on how you define victory because in my
opinion he is already won
worst case scenario he doesn't get the
nomination well he is still inspired and
mobilized millions of people who are
here to stay and that is an incredible
achievement and yes some people may mock
him for constantly repeating lines on
debates and at rallies like we are the
only major country on Earth that doesn't
guarantee healthcare as a right but
there's a reason why he's doing that
because he sees this opportunity as one
to educate people and to make people
realize how they're getting screwed over
to make them want change which is what
they deserve and some people look back
at things like Occupy Wall Street and
think I'll that just faded away that
didn't achieve anything and I
wholeheartedly disagree
what Occupy Wall Street managed to
achieve was make the whole concept of
the 1% and the 99% become a part of
mainstream consciousness it became a
part of American or even international
zeitgeist that is amazing and Bernie
Sanders is doing exactly that in
mainstream politics
so in summary yes the Bernie Sanders
campaign still has a path to victory
because we have the momentum we have the
money we have wizened up to traditional
politics we have the information and we
have a global movement I feel amazing
about that and you should too so please
like this video and share this with
everyone you can I just want to share
the good feelings and give people as
much reassurance as possible comment
with your thoughts on this video I would
love to read them visit Bernie Sanders
com donate get involved in canvassing
phone banking and just keep having
conversations because these are the
conversations worth having because
they're global issues and they will
require global solutions so keep feeling
the Bern thanks so much for watching
this video
and ad8 until next time please subscribe
to my youtube channel if you haven't
already by clicking the subscribe button
down there and if you want to find out
more about Bernie Sanders I have created
a playlist of some of my favorite videos
about him which you can see
there thanks a lot
