hey everyone hope all is well mainstream
media has been receiving huge amounts of
criticism lately and I personally feel
most of it is justified but what are the
problems with mainstream media what are
the things we should be looking out for
when consuming it well here are 6 things
to consider number one they are
mouthpieces for the establishment
sometimes this can be intentional but
for the most part it is just a systemic
problem because of the way that
journalism is conducted in large
organizations have you ever noticed how
headlines articles and news programs are
absolutely filled with quotations from
politicians and spokespeople for
organizations one former cabinet
minister Tommy today anti-de Louvre e'en
doesn't begin to cover it when you get
to Jeremy Corbyn another said if you
took over it would be the party led by
Karl Marx one senior figure said to me
that if Jeremy Corbyn took over they'd
leave the party and they think they
speak for many did you notice in that
clip how no names were given and
therefore there is no context for me
this is irresponsible journalism people
should be held accountable for the words
that they speak often when quotes are
used and properly attributed they are
rarely fat checks or challenged you may
ask but if the quote is not accurate how
would a news organization be allowed to
publish it because if they just repeat
what the politician has said they are
still technically reporting the truth as
in the truth is someone really did say
that even if the words themselves are
false distorted and wildly misleading
and even if the quotes are criticized
the mainstream media has still promoted
the politician soundbites to the masses
first and this is exactly why
politicians keep saying whatever the
hell they want because they know that
the mainstream media will often serve as
obedient stenographers and do the
marketing for them you create an
environment for establishment journalism
you may also feel that journalists
changed their view in order to fit in
with a particular news organization when
in fact it's the views they already have
that get them employed okay how can you
how can you know that I'm self censoring
how can you know those entering I'm sure
you believe everything you're saying but
what I'm saying is if you believe
something different you wouldn't be
sitting where you're sitting this isn't
much of
if the organization allows for
independent thinking to be maintained
however unfortunately most mainstream
media outlets become their own echo
chambers number two repetition slogans
and sound bites are so important because
the mainstream media will publish them
keep saying a slogan over and over again
and the public may very well start
believing it which can then be used to
justify future policy proposals weapons
weapons weapons weapons weapons of
terror terrible weapons weapons of mass
destruction chemical weapons weapons
weapons of mass destruction dangerous
weapons - even more dangerous weapons
biological weapons chemical agents
chemical weapons chemical attacks
chemical and biological weapons chemical
and biological weapons weapons
politicians that take advantage of
mainstream media know that facts don't
really matter perception however does
number three context it is possible for
a news organization to take a small part
of what someone has said in order to
change its perceived meaning now the
President did have a rare moment of
honesty during his speech and I hope
voters around the country are watching
this taxes are scheduled to go up
substantially next year for everybody
all right that's right I know the
anointed one will make sure that that
happens
under the tax plan passed by the last
administration taxes are scheduled to go
up substantially next year for everybody
and even if this does later get
corrected the political objective has
already been achieved number four
character assassination even when media
outlets aren't themselves creating false
allegations rumors or half-truths about
an individual they do spread their
impact by discussing them and
unfortunately mud can stick today
Vermont senator Bernie Sanders kicked
off his campaign for president he's a
long shot a long shot
I don't think he's gonna be taken to
credibly Bernie Sanders is the socialist
for god sakes a thick Brooklyn accent
he's 73 years old he looks 91 is it a
little crusty he's a loner thing and
when it does it forces the individual to
invest more of their time in explaining
themselves which arguably should be the
job of the media we have a president
right now who does not consider myself a
socialist but people call him a
socialist as an insult so are you are
you worried and concerned at all about
framing yourself as this that a thing as
so many people have a negative Connor if
we have the opportunity to describe what
democratic socialism means number five
concision this primarily applies to
television news programs where producers
will only book guests who can speak on
an issue within a limited time frame and
what's the problem with this because
when a guest has a small time slot
usually between two commercial breaks it
forces them to have to speak on the
establishments own terms
therefore if the guest says something
mainstream the interview will probably
move on and not ask for more evidence
but if they say something unexpected
unusual against the establishment they
will be questioned again and again on it
they'll be really pushed and
unfortunately you won't have enough time
to back up your point if you are
squeezed with concision I have met Hamas
in Lebanon and I've met Hezbollah in
this country and 11 I've also met can I
finish
I've all your friends or not can I
finish I've also met you can't if it's a
long answer look I mean issue is the
issue is this you are not prepared to
discuss the whole East to the Middle
East you're not prepared to discuss the
wider question concision therefore means
that the most important issues and
debates to be had in society don't get
the airtime that
we should seriously consider not gee I'm
not Kentucky means you congressman let
me interrupt you just for a moment we've
got some breaking news out of Miami
stand by a few will right now in Miami
Justin Bieber has been arrested on a
number of charges and number six folks
balance in an attempt to appear neutral
and unbiased news organizations will
often show two sides to an issue even
when only one of them is well supported
basically global warmest like Bill Nyes
say global warming will cause many bad
weather events and guess what bad
weather events happen all the time so
people look and they say look there's
more proof there's a bad weather event
bottom line big tornadoes f3 and larger
since the 1950s have dropped
dramatically this provides equal
undeserved exposure to arguments that
aren't backed with credible evidence and
it even creates the perception amongst
viewers that the truth must lie
somewhere in the middle before the
internet was mainstream obtaining
sources for news were very limited
people would perhaps just read their
favorite newspaper or turn on the
evening news once home from work to get
a summary of the day's events we now
have a real opportunity to no longer
rely on singular news sources and
effectively become our own editors who
hold the media and political
establishments who account every one of
you watching this video right now has
the resources to seek out independent
voices that aren't filtered by the
establishment but it has to be said this
is a transitional time we are living in
yes
alternative media is growing but
traditional mainstream media still has a
huge influence on much of the population
and it is for that reason why I decided
to make this video to encourage everyone
out there to look beyond what the
establishment mainstream media feeds you
and so finally I would really appreciate
it if you could please like comment and
share this video with everyone that you
know because the more of us that become
aware of how the mainstream media works
the greater the chance that we as a
society have at fighting back against
the institutions that try and influence
the way we think and that's try and
influence the way that we behave thank
you so much for your time
adios till next time
also think that the notion that
journalists have to be objective is
total bullshit objectivity is used as a
code for being devoted to the official
version put out by the state yes you
know it's just it's completely
fabricated
