I really don't fall into the trap of
using a load of cliches that come with
doing an update video but to summarize
the first time since my head injury in
the past few weeks have I started
feeling like myself again which is a
relief i did a video a few months ago
called life goes on about the challenges
I've been going through I've known the
past year I have felt really but
I've kind of been in denial about it and
by being in denial about being depressed
I haven't been depressed I've just got
on with my life but that only works for
so long eventually it creeps up on you
I've been going through therapy working
with my GP and an occupational health
specialist and I took a break from
everything in life and I've been
rebuilding everything from scratch it's
probably been one of the toughest
moments in my life but I'm here and I'm
gonna be talking about it a lot more in
future but when i do look back the two
things i would like to say is one i fell
into a trap of always focusing on what i
had not done when i should actually be
focusing on what I have done and what I
have achieved secondly although I never
take you for granted I feel like the
past few years my actions have maybe
given that impression or I feel that I
haven't been giving you guys the respect
that you deserve perhaps I've just not
been good at responding to emails or you
know I keep saying i am gonna be coming
back and I'm not and I've just been
incredibly flaky but that's not just on
youtube that was with my friends my
family and with work this has been a
really big problem for me but I feel
that it's all falling back into place
and so I just wanna let you know that
from this moment I am so dedicated to
turning my life around all the way and
hopefully you can stick with me on that
if you are still here now and if you are
thank you so much and actually looking
at the comments on my previous video I
have been paying attention so what I've
done is collated some of these ideas and
put them on post-it notes which are
going to go on the wall behind me now
this is no guarantee i'm going to make a
video on all of these ideas but at least
there's some inspiration there this war
will continue to grow but hopefully
can also strip it away as I make these
videos so firstly quite a broad thing I
want to be collaborating with lots of
people I know in the YouTube community
again I think that working with them
will definitely help me build my
confidence up and also there's just
loads of people I've missed working with
so if there's anyone you have in mind
that you'd like me to do a collab with
let me know ai and AGI and the concept
of the singularity and how they're in
the next 20 to 30 years we could be on
the verge of creating a super God being
does that sound cool lyric analysis a
lot of you are still asking me to do my
sarcastic takes on pop songs ask miles
in which I respond to your questions
directly mindfulness meditation
Millennials the adaptive generation how
young people today are so much better at
adapting to ever changing times for good
and bad reasons and how I feel that
gives me hope about the future of our
planet in American politics currently
there is a race for the Democratic
presidential nominations and me as so on
from the UK is really feeling the Bern
and if you don't know what that means
then stick around because i'm doing a
video about Bernie Sanders I obviously
care a lot about civil liberties and
mass surveillance so I will be doing a
video about how you can protect yourself
when using your phone I want to do a
video about well-being and dealing with
depression anyone who follows me on
social media will probably know I'm a
bit of a gamer with the existence of a
lot of scandals in the YouTube community
what I've been away I often get asked to
give my take on the dynamics between
content creators and their audience my
band squamata Theory has an upcoming EP
which I'm very excited about I can play
you a little bit now how was that for a
teaser I'd be interested to hear your
thoughts on this one but interviews and
for a long time now I've wanted to do
podcasts or 12 our videos where I just
let the camera roll and just have an
open conversation with people and from
all different industries and walks of
life I occasionally talk about the
concept of a resource-based economy and
some of you have asked me to clarify
what that is so that's it thank you so
much everyone and
apologies if this video was a bit rusty
it's going to take me a few to get back
up to speed but I have such huge
ambitions for the next year with this
channel and I really hope you will join
me on that journey it's really good to
be back so I guess as I always say a
days till next time
