just before Christmas I had the amazing
opportunity to challenge leaders from
some of the main British political
parties that included the Green Party
you kick labour and the Liberal
Democrats but for some strange reason
Prime Minister David Cameron leader of
the Conservative Party decided to cancel
last-minute hmm
this was a part of an online series
called leaders live organised by the
fantastic organisation bites the ballots
over the course of the series I
occasionally received remarks from
others on how I was posing awkward
questions or typical Michaels questions
especially on the Labour broadcast where
I asked their leader Ed Miliband about
our privacy rights and the mass
surveillance programs been conducted by
our government and GCHQ at first these
reactions puzzled and kind of frustrated
me but it then dawned on me why it was
simply because I was asking questions
about issues that don't fall in line
with the more obvious ones you hear so
often healthcare education the economy
immigration etc these are all key issues
we hear about so often in election
campaigns civil liberties however is
arguably a much more ambiguous subject
in comparison after the live broadcast
with Ed Miliband I left the studio and
went into the foyer where he was there
standing surrounded by all the people
that were in the audience and guess what
they were all questioning him about mass
surveillance and civil liberties and it
was just such a pleasant surprise
my point is that that instance
illustrates just how we of course all
care about civil liberties but
unfortunately it is an issue that is
absent from most political discussion
and therefore the general public has
very little opportunity to hold the
government accountable over such we all
care about lots of different issues we
actually care about pretty much all the
same things but because the world and
society are such complicated constructs
we have to prioritize and actually
choose our own fights so one of you may
be wanting to fight for you know
improving the education system someone
out there may work in the health service
and want to improve that for me civil
liberties is my fight and it's not to
say that whatever you're fighting for is
inferior or doesn't matter we've got to
support each other and help each other
make this world a better place by you
know fighting for what we're passionate
with and so I made this video today to
basically explain to you why civil
liberties are important to me I guess I
should take this opportunity to
underscore what civil liberties are
civil liberties are personal freedoms
they're effectively personal guarantees
granted to US citizens of a society in
which the government cannot curtail them
whether that's by passing new
legislation and law or by the way they
choose to interpret pre-existing laws to
give a few examples of some civil
liberties they include the right to
privacy the right to a fair trial
freedom of expression freedom of
assembly freedom from torture and even
as simple as the right to life so some
of you may be asking miles out of all
the issues that exist
why do you primarily focus on civil
liberties well for me it's because civil
liberties provide the absolute core
fabric of our society the stronger our
civil liberties are the stronger we as
individuals can be at campaigning for
all of the other issues that matter
because whether you care about the cost
of living health equality etc when you
really think about it all of these
issues are built upon the foundations of
civil liberties and just to take this
one more step further we are all the
same human beings we all require the
same things we require the necessities
of life we require happiness love
respect freedom security the list could
go on these all tie in with civil
liberties and the reason that I fight
for those issues so passionately is
because if we don't hold our elected
official
accountable on civil liberties we may
find that these things which are
essential to living a dignified life may
start slipping very slowly away so
that's enough for me I'm interested in
hearing from you now in the comments
below about what issues matter to you
what do you make of civil liberties is
that something you would ever find
yourself fighting for and the
fundamental question we should all be
asking ourselves when engaging in
politics is what kind of society do we
want to live in I really look forward to
hearing your thoughts and thank you for
tuning in as always add es to the next
time on your iPhone but a lot of people
don't realize location settings you look
on it it will tell you the exact time
you've left your street that should be a
government a government should be
educating people about that
