hey everyone hope all is well today
marks one year since I got a head injury
and I just want to say thank you for
waiting life is one huge experience
where you go through peaks and troughs
and you have to ride it out and try and
make the most of the opportunities that
are put in front of you and the past
year has been so incredibly difficult
I could probably name about five pillars
of living that went completely to pieces
because of the injury I got my social
life went away because I wasn't able to
really go out I had to take hundreds of
days off work and enjoying what I did as
a job it was a shame not to do things
that were constructive with my time I
was just at home resting my band had to
take time off from doing that and
although I tried making videos on
YouTube it didn't go on for too long
because I was just so exhausted my
health was deteriorating not just in the
sense that I had a head injury and
concussion sucks but also because of my
fitness I wasn't really able to go out
and do much physical exercise and I'm
still paying the price for that and
finally my activism and charity that all
had to go and hold for all the same
reasons I think one way I like to
describe life is like a swamp not that
it's all dirty and mucky and all that
sort of stuff I don't mean it that way
bear with me but if you can imagine
going across a swamp on stepping-stones
you're on one at a time you put your
foot out to step on the next one and you
touch it you get a sense of if it's
secure and if it's secure you can move
onto it and progress but sometimes
you'll put your foot down and it's not
secure it's moving around perhaps it's
gone completely under the water perhaps
it wasn't even a rock it wasn't what you
even perceived at first and so what you
do is you retract your foot and you look
elsewhere and you work your way that way
when that happens in life you can
generally get by but when all your
options and even the stepping stone
you're on is sinking it can be really
tough but I kind of feel that I've known
the past year I have felt really
I've kind of been in denial about it and
by being in denial about being depressed
I haven't been depressed I've just got
on with my life and although I haven't
been the happiest and felt the most
fulfilled I could possibly be I've been
able to look for opportunities and fight
for them and so today I am trying to
build one of those pillars in my life
I'm wanting to get back into making
videos I miss it I miss communicating
with people out there and I've got to
kill off this anxiety of I don't know if
my next video will be good enough
because I haven't done them for so long
so I want to say thank you to everyone
who is here and kind of as a roll call
if you are watching this right now just
click the like button or the dislike
button for that matter just register
some form of engagement I just want to
know how many people are still there and
a second call to action I'd like to make
and it goes back to what I was saying
earlier about life being a continuous
flow of peaks and troughs there is no
reset button in life you can't just turn
yourself off like a robot and then turn
yourself back on you can't do that there
are similarities like if you're feeling
really having a bad day go to bed
just sleep if you can and when you wake
up you'll normally spend the first half
an hour feeling better because you're
not really thinking about those things
and that could be deemed as a reset and
if you're ever going through a bad time
just keep fighting because there will be
a point where you make progress and you
can look back and say I did it I mean
I'm still numb in the left part of my
face slightly and I still go through
relapse the past week I've spent mostly
sleeping and it's very disheartening but
then the opportunities that I have today
to you know do something constructive
just go for it over the past few years
on my phone I had made a list of
probably 300 video ideas and the notes
part of my firing was something I didn't
fully back up and just before Christmas
my phone died and I lost a lot of things
that for me was
another essence of a reset I was forced
to just go start again and say my second
call to action sorry I got there in the
end is in the comments what would you
like me to make videos about put as many
suggestions as you'd like they may be
questions that you'd like me to deal
with they may be like personal questions
you have or questions about the world or
things generally I really want to just
give this another go
I turned 28 next Saturday and it's scary
how time flies love you Oh a DA til next
time
do you like my skull lounging pants by
the way
