hey everyone hope all is well today I
accept the ALS ice bucket challenge that
has been thrown at me by several people
across social media so thank you very
much I've actually got the bucket here
and ready to fill up with water and ice
but I've also got five cups two of the
five here and as I add each one of these
to the bucket I'm gonna tell you one
fact about iOS because as much as this
is about raising money for a great cause
and just to let you know I will be
donating a hundred dollars to this
association but it's also about
spreading awareness and education about
what we are raising money for number one
iOS stands for amyotrophic lateral
sclerosis which is a motor neuron
disease which in America alone affects
over 12,000 people today number two it
attacks nerves that are responsible for
muscle movement so the early symptoms of
a OS include the weakening and
stiffening of muscles in the body but as
it progresses it can then lead to the
paralysis and wasting away of limb
muscles and even those that are
responsible for supporting vital
functions like speech swallowing and
breathing number three
iOS is not contagious but can affect
anyone in the world regardless of racial
cultural or socio-economic factors
number four the majority of people who
suffer with iOS don't actually
experience significant deterioration of
their cognitive abilities meaning they
are completely aware of the situation
but unable to respond and react in ways
that most people are able to and finally
number five there is no cure and no one
test that can be used to definitively
diagnose the illness the only thing that
we can currently do is detect symptoms
once they happen and then do what we can
to help manage them and provide
end-of-life care
so therefore organizations like the iOS
Association are doing whatever they can
to raise money to fund this research and
it's why it's important we do all we can
today to spread the word and so we can
find a cure for this once and for all
and that is why I am doing this so
that's the fifth one let's do this
so I nominate after I've done this
Robert Llewellyn Melinda messenger and
Stuart ashen you three have been tagged
you have 24 hours to complete this good
luck and good luck for me right now that
is horrible it's like cold sweat but ice
cold sweat that is horrible I don't want
to move a ds2 next time
not cold enough
