hey everyone hope all is well I like
most people I'm always trying to make
sense of the world and therefore this
week I thought I would try and make
sense of the lyrics in the new smash hit
Hello Kitty by Avril Lavigne she has
been getting quite a lot of bad press
lately I mean if I got a dollar for
every time song complained about Avril
Lavigne I could afford to have my very
own awkward photo with her
that's posting it online and causing
more complaints and therefore generating
me more dollar what an awesome business
model it's just too bad I live in
reality okay so let's take a look at the
lyrics of Hello Kitty by Avril Lavigne
mean a psycho arigato probably not a
great start to this video because I
don't speak Japanese okay and my
pronunciation was probably bad I'm sorry
but Mina Sako arigato means you rock
thank you yeah and it's always good so
you start a song by showing appreciation
to your listeners your audience your
fans your potential sponsor not that
this song could really work as a sponsor
for any particular product or anything
kakuka kawaii kawaii in English means
cute and the repetition of the K cooker
cacao
e is to show the importance of this word
this compliment cute you know you know
those times you've gone out to people
you just haven't said yeah they're cute
you say they're cook acute mum's not
home tonight so we can roll around have
a pillow fight obviously a strict parent
I do find though that rolling around
puts you in a vulnerable position when
having a pillow fight so Averell maybe
trying to put her opponents into a full
sense of security so she's like yeah
yeah let's let's roll like a major rager
oMFG major rager that's a phrase I've
never heard before is that a euphemism
for like a really big boner and then she
pronounces the letter G as je she goes
om f je no Avril it's oh my effing God
unless unless she's been really trendy
saying oh my effing Jesus in which case
that is awesome that is so cool because
the whole Jesus thing like Jesus is God
God is Jesus pretty deep let's all
slumber party like a fat kid on a pack
of Smarties what crushing it no that's
not dig at fat kids if a skinny kid sat
on a pack of Smarties they would crush
it to someone chuck a cupcake at me
self-loathing perhaps it's quite sad
she's already hating the song and she's
only 22 seconds in it's time for spin
the bottle not gonna talk about it
tomorrow keep it just between you and me
so a game has spin the bottle between
two people right yeah sounds like some
fun I wonder which two people it's gonna
land on next let's play truth or dare
now we can roll around in our underwear
so she's already established a dare
before the game has even begun
does she have no patience unless she's
trying to low her opponents into a full
sense of security again at the beginning
of verse one she's like yeah truth or
dare I dare you to roll over there you
how every silly kitty should be okay
this may be hard to believe but I have
seen a lot of pictures of cats on the
Internet but I have never seen a picture
of a kitty in underwear this lyric I'm
unconvinced with come come Kitty Kitty
you're so pretty pretty don't go kitty
kitty stay with me
I think the pre-chorus is pretty
self-explanatory and Avril Lavigne is
clearly not the kitty Whisperer come
come kitty kitty you're so silly silly
don't go kitty kitty play with me
further negotiation with the cat she's
clearly determined come come kitty kitty
here's some dreamy dreamy x' though
would be my suggestion because I hate
cats absolutely love them cuckoo cuckoo
ie Hello Kitty Hello Kitty Hello Kitty
you're so pretty Hello Kitty Hello Kitty
Hello Kitty you're safe silly okay she's
dying for a product endorsement from
Hello Kitty it's obvious but she's our
Lavigne she can do what she wants and
she's also using the same negotiation
phrases from the pre-chorus stubborn or
commit
it knowing that that's what works best I
still think dream ease wake up gotta
secrets I would go ballistic if someone
waked me up from my sleep in the middle
of the night to ask a question like that
I'd be like can it wait until the
morning pinky swear that she'd gonna
keep it yes a virile but can it wait
until the morning I've got something you
need to see okay fine
but this better be good it better be
treasure or something like that
treasure I like treasure let's be
friends forever as long as it doesn't
entail being woken up like this again
sure I want to do everything with you
together awesome I've got a great idea
of what we can do first let's go back to
sleep come and play with Kitty and me
every it's 5:00 a.m. I've got work in a
few hours I promised to keep her secrets
pinky promised I went to see what you
had to show me and it wasn't treasure
you just keep what in war come come
Kitty Kitty you're so pretty pretty
don't go kitty kitty stay with me come
come kitty kitty you're so silly silly
don't go kitty kitty play with me cooker
cook are ye Hello Kitty Hello Kitty
Hello Kitty you're so pretty Hello Kitty
Hello Kitty Hello Kitty you're so silly
pre-chorus and chorus is the same and
then she treats us to something new meow
a shout-out to all her cat fans out
there either that or she's running out
of lyric ideas yeah that's it
cool well there you have it my lyric
interpretation for Avril Lavigne's song
hallo kitty if you enjoyed this be sure
to click the like button thank you very
much and why not share this about we
should really let the masses know about
the true meaning behind this amazing
song but I have to say as a lyricist
myself doing this video has been a
really enlightening experience because
era Levine this song has been seen by
tens of millions of people it's a song
with meaning a song with hearts really
inspiring whereas me on the other hand
I'm in a band that just as songs about
humanity and how if we all work together
we can make the world a better place I
mean who wants to hear that
adios till next time
