hey everyone I may not be a fan of his
music his hobbies or the alleged way he
treats his fans but when Justin Bieber
reaches out to me on Twitter with some
kind words I'd be lying if I said I
didn't care to receive a tweet
personally from justin bieber is well
surreal but it has to be said i have
been tweeted by celebrities before take
for example sir patrick stewart or ricky
gervais however all three of these
tweets have something in common they are
all fake and although there are a few
small giveaways in the screenshots that
they are in fact fabricated I'm pretty
sure the majority of you thought they
were legit it is pretty easy for anyone
to mock up a fake tweet thanks to the
website let me tweet that for you calm
and no this is not an endorsement so why
have I brought this up well a few weeks
ago there were some controversy
surfacing on Twitter regarding an
alleged deleted tweet by British
journalist Piers Morgan around the time
that it was announced that his show and
CNN was being axed it turned out to be
fake but that didn't prevent it from
circulating around social media getting
anyone who believed in it quite roiled
up here are four indications that the
tweet was fake number one there is no
verification tick by his name and just
by looking his profile you'll see that
piers morgan is in fact a verified
twitter account number two there is a
delete button underneath his alleged
tweet because why would it give you the
option to delete a tweet that wasn't
your own number three Twitter doesn't
publicly show users where tweets have
come from well not since mid 2012 anyway
so the clue here is where it says via
Twitter number four if this was a real
tweet the retweet and favorite values
would be in a different color the fake
tweet builder may not be able to produce
completely convincing tweets just yet
but what happens when it does or if
someone spends a bit of time on
Photoshop then how are we supposed to
differentiate between the real deleted
tweet stories and the fake ones because
surely there are going to be occasions
where influential people publicly state
something online receive a backlash for
whatever reason and thus decide to
retract it and
therefore websites like let me tweet
that for you calm will make the whole
accountability process that extra bit
more harder to uphold another example a
quick one is Paris Hilton now regardless
of what you may think of her is it fair
that so many people believe she said
something that she in fact had not said
now you may believe this is nothing new
or is something that comes with the
territory of being famous I'm just very
fascinated by how easy is becoming to
imitate other people online and
therefore having the ability to bring
their integrity into questioning wrongly
I mean social media has empowered the
masses with the ability to process and
share information on an unprecedented
scale and it's for reasons like the ones
I've demonstrated in this video that I
feel collectively we need to get a lot
better at verifying information before
we share it and this is why I tried to
hit home quite often the importance of
critical thinking and why we should use
the tools that we have to become our own
journalists because sharing information
these days can be quite a quick simple
task of just a couple of clicks and when
it's information which hasn't been
verified which is false it's not
constructive and it can sometimes be
harmful to others what do you think let
me know in the comments below I'd love
to hear your thoughts and click like on
this video if you haven't already I'd
really appreciate all the support as I'm
really trying to get back into this
regular video making again and to be
kept up to date with all my latest
videos be sure to click the subscribe
button thank you so much and a dios till
next time
what I didn't tweet that
