hey everyone hope all is well first
things first my hair it's gone stick a
2013 was last weekend the annual 24-hour
non-stop live broadcast I need to raise
money for the children's charity UNICEF
thank you to everyone who supported it
to those who watch the show and to those
who donated we raised a lot of money for
the children of Syria say thank you
today I wanted to talk about one of my
heroes now my heroes are individuals who
have really broadened my horizons allow
me to look at the bigger picture in life
and thus inspired some of the content I
put on this YouTube channel and Jeremy
Scahill is one of them he's an
investigative journalist who has just
released a movie this year called dirty
wars it actually premieres in the UK
today I urge everyone to go and see it
it's such an important movie and I was
lucky enough to sit down with him and
chat about the movie and investigative
journalism as a whole so I wanted to
share that experience with you right now
thanks so join me right now is jeremy
scahill investigative journalist the man
behind dirty wars my first question is
in a minute for people that haven't seen
it yet and maybe aren't familiar with
your work why should people see this I
mean we're living in a moment here where
a guy who won the Nobel Peace Prize and
is a constitutional lawyer by training
and campaign for the presidency of the
United States on a pledge to basically
erase everything that Bush and Cheney
did to screw up the world is presiding
over what is effectively a global
assassination program and is trying to
argue that not only the United States
has a right to do this but is right in
doing it so our film tells the human
stories of the people who live on the
other side of America's missiles and
raises very serious questions about the
possibility of this coming back around
as a boomerang to hit us all in Western
society and this is your first film
probably my only feather oh really well
i don't i was i'm not a filmmaker you
know it was a it was it was a it was a
strange thing we didn't start off to
make a film we were we were trying to
examine sort of this the idea that there
were two wars in afghanistan uh you know
conventional war that we would see on TV
yes and then a more covert war and we
weren't even sure it was going to become
a films all right i'm not a filmmaker
maybe I'll do something else and film
but it's not ways always like planting
the seeds and then you learn
yeah you might do it again because I was
going to ask how you found it differed
because as a viewer seeing the film I
followed your work and I feel like I'm
quite well read on the subject but the
movie just hits you in ways that books
and interviews don't because you're
hearing the voices from the people that
they're actually effects and and maybe
in a video blogger the thing I really
campaign against is the fact that i
believe the internet is a vehicle for
massaging global empathy is the fact
that when you go toward another country
it's now not with some stranger's its
friends or families and during the
recent uprising in Turkey I was speaking
to people on Twitter and it's it's
really that next extra edge so I
wondered if that would maybe be a reason
for my mag filming I completely agree at
you I mean that that's part of if you I
would invite you some day you can come
and sit on my couch in in New York and
we'll watch cable television in the US
will get some good food will sit there
and we'll watch it for the entire day
and you will get a sense of how idiotic
our media culture is in in the United
States I mean it is all about crime you
know who killed who sex scandals you
know Miley Cyrus twerking yes what real
housewives are drinking and all this
shit is with the adverts in between
right oh yeah I guess sometimes the
adverts are more entertaining that the
actual provide informative right but
when it comes to cover in the war it's
there you never see the face of any of
the people who live on the other side of
the missiles and part of why we made
this film was to humanize people that
were told are the enemy yeah sometimes
actual terrorists are killed in these
attacks but tremendous numbers of
civilians have been killed who are those
people you know when we have you know we
have this huge problem in America of
school shootings you know that we're a
gun addicted society and these you know
children get gunned down by these
lunatics who go in and fire it up when
the when those stories are covered in
the media we know the names of every kid
that was killed and we empathize with
their families because we see them as
our own why shouldn't we do that before
we go to war in Iraq or Afghanistan or
Yemen or Somalia don't we have some
moral responsibility to say wait a
minute real people are going to die
including people that have nothing to do
with terrorism cash shouldn't we know
their stories are some of their stories
before we decide to go and blow them up
so lately I realized that movie was
quite stylized so there were some
aspects I don't if that was the right
word to use um it definitely isn't a bad
thing to didn't mean it in a bad way but
um even if you did man I know but I go
crying give the vascular here so many
critical life you want I'll give you my
critique of them out there um but
between certain scenes like when you
went to a different location it would be
the black and white the the photography
shots which which I liked when dealing
with a movie like this where it's such a
sensitive issue but it's also about
reaching outs people that do need it
died in a digestible format was that a
difficult process unlike was that one of
the most lengthy process I don't even
want to be in this film I mean as myself
you know I fought against it in fact
that i'll give you a little inside
information there are some scenes where
i'm sitting in a car and we're going
from one place to another and there's
some tension and and there is tension
but what you didn't see in it is me
yelling at Rick the director of the film
afterwards get the fucking camera out of
my face because I hated it I felt like I
was in some kind of a weird war version
of The Truman Show Jim Carrey movie
you're like your whole life is film for
years um but not I mean we we wanted to
make a film that felt familiar to people
in in terms of the genre as a way of
communicating the message effectively
and you know I think of it I'm from a
working class family in the Midwest of
the United States I was thinking of like
what will my you know relatives who are
not necessarily paying attention is like
what kind of a movie would they want to
go and see where you could actually
sneak in some real information and so
part of why we stylized it in the way
that we did is is that we wanted to
create a film that people would actually
want to watch yeah and not feel like
they're you know in doing schoolwork
then I agree or doing the knowledge yeah
yeah yeah yeah when it comes to sort of
poles and especially on the US media I
never sure where you even make a
compromise with all of them but I don't
know if you would agree with this that
about sixty percent of americans support
the drone program that that's the number
of these yes it runs out more than that
actually i sometimes a little bit less i
mean it but yeah let's say let's say
that it's more than half yeah i think
it's fair to say
what i think what i think is at play
there is that because president obama is
running the drone wars a lot of liberals
have sort of checked their consciences
at the at the coat check of his
presidency and they're gonna have a
tough time finding them the next time a
Republican is in office so I mean I
think in a way I think you would see a
lot lower numbers of support in the
polls if a Republican was president you
know in fact most liberal
self-identified Liberal Democrats
support the drone program yeah it's it
there's a rising tide of voices from the
libertarian movement the Tea Party from
sort of the right flank of American
politics opposing these policies
primarily because Obama's the president
so it's very polarized it's scary when
you look at actually the polarization of
what is left wing anymore not because it
is it is face I mean the Liberal
Democrats oh not labor or conservatives
the leader Nick Clegg you know is with
the Conservatives at the moment he was
the one that ordered the destruction of
the Guardian laptops right which I hear
that and it's the Liberal Democrats you
don't run it it just it really shatters
the myths of these labels and the fact
that actually you should judge on
individual actions and individual policy
look I mean yeah I mean I followed that
I mean they're just that the the idea of
someone actually taking a hammer to a
hard drive Wow mind blowing but look at
what hey what's happening in the in the
US right now you know Obama is perceived
as this liberal constitutional lawyer
his administration is waging a war
against whistleblowers his
administration is waging a war against
journalism yeah you know you don't you
know Chelsea Manning formerly Bradley
Manning is you know rotting away in
prison right now for blowing the whistle
on war crimes yeah Edward Snowden is in
exile in Moscow and the Attorney General
of the United States Eric Holder had to
actually say we promise not to give him
the death penalty if you returned to us
and they're ruining the careers of
anyone who speaks up or speaks to
journalists about violations of the
Constitution or violations of people's
civil liberties this isn't Bush and
Cheney we expect that from them this is
Obama record number of prosecutions
under the Espionage Act double of every
president combined yep right yeah I mean
an espionage act a lot of people don't
know this it was passed in 1917 to go
after people
collaborators with the Germans I mean
and now they're using it against
government servants who are blowing the
whistle including internally not going
to journalists but saying up their chain
of command these are abuses of our
rights they're going after them in
ruining them definitely so I feel
there's a real rice in society at the
moment where its technology or civil
liberties the internet the the right
between the awakening of the global
population to what's going on so you
could say over the NSA and also with the
drain programs and how far ahead the
government are where can they install it
in place before people catch on and then
it's too late right what is your view of
sort of the future do you feel not just
the American people but around the world
that we're comfortably drowning right
now and just accepting it or do you
think there is hope in us chasing up and
and because i know the domestic i'm
inside our activism is amazing i mean i
think i think one of the things that you
know wikileaks really contributed to was
was building an actual sort of cyber
movement of practice primarily young
people who are trying to figure out
every way possible to secure our data
yes and to protect our privacy I admire
a lot of young people in the hacking
community who are you know who are
actually trying to figure out system at
systematic ways to defend our privacy
against governments and corporations
trying to seize our data and and you
know you have WikiLeaks you have the
Edward Snowden stuff you have the hacker
movements look in the United States
Jeremy Hammond you know who was involved
with the strap for leak he's going to be
doing 10 years in prison it's a it's a
massive injustice the journalist Barrett
Brown remains behind bars I mean these
people are heroes not criminals and
ultimately at the end of the day some of
the greatest freedom fighters of our
generation are going to be people who
are anonymous individuals on the
internet and there's something that's
intriguing and exciting about all that
all of us have to sort of you may have
to learn how to use high end encryption
we have to figure out how to browse
anonymously it it's about protecting our
sources to as much as it is about
protecting our own data so in the movie
that those clips of when you've been on
the mainstream media and sort of the
reaction you get and I've
the interviews in which you've pretty
much given them truth when I play and
then they've most of the time pushed it
away but obviously there is a real
information war going on I feel a part
of that information war is using
language as a weapon so I didn't know if
you wanted to talk about that and I know
in the movie to you touch about a
signature strikes and if you maybe could
explain what that is because it's
clearly not what right there again there
are two or first of all and the issue of
the media I'm always surprised when I
get invited back on those shows I mean
you know I went on we have this network
MSNBC in the United States and it's
basically like state media for the White
House and you know I blast them on their
own airwaves an attack famous hosts of
their shows on their home pro cause of
them at once I was it look like the
Brady was like I was in the middle and
it was a strange sort of thing but yeah
I know but I on the issue of language
you know I mean Orwell's 1984 was a
fantastic sort of illustration of the
way you know taken to its extreme that
big brother will sort of teach us that
war is peace and all of these things
well in the in the sort of age of obama
you know they're developing a thing
called the disposition matrix which is
basically like an algorithm for
determining who's gonna live or die in
the future from at the hands of american
drone strikes there are two kinds of
drone strikes signature strikes and
personality strikes personality strike
would be they know who you are they're
following you around they get you in an
open field and boom they kill you and
they know that the person that they've
killed is you a signature strike is
where they're tracking your metadata and
they're trying to figure out who are you
on the phone with where is your phone
bin where are you logging on you know to
the internet who are you in touch with
and are you with other people who fit a
pattern that we think indicates you
might be involved terrorist activity we
don't necessarily know your identity but
we know you fit the pattern of what we
believe terrorists are doing in a
certain area and we decide that you just
need to be taken out because you
probably are a terrorist it's it's sort
of like the you know Minority Report
stuff with Tom Cruise where you
basically say it's pre-crime and and
we're preemptively killing people
primarily military-aged males that's
another phrase that the US military aged
male in
to preempt terrorist activities at it is
utterly gratuitous it's the most
offensive part of the drone program to
me is it you you are intending to kill
specific people whose identities you
don't know and against whom you may have
no evidence that they're involved in
terrorism and its language like
Collateral Murder yeah discuss me well
collateral murder uh sighs I'm sorry
vinoba Claire that's part of why
WikiLeaks call the collateral murder is
you know they because it's not
collateral damage when you're killing
you know civilians the idea that it's we
say casualties and collateral damages
are deeply offensive terms so since the
movie because it's been out in the US so
let's gym since junior um what has been
the biggest lesson what have you learned
from it may be from the response of
people you know i mean i was i was
really um first of all it was very
positively received in the sort of
industry press in the film world which
was a new world to me i had never been
on any kind of a red carpet with women
wearing big furs and it was so straight
strange thing um no the most bizarre
thing that happened was um in Washington
DC there were people who work for the
CIA that came to the screening you know
the opening I didn't invite those I
don't hang out with people from the CIA
they came up to me afterwards a group of
CIA analysts who work on the
counterterrorism program and said you
know I agree with the big t the capital
T truth of what you're saying like we we
see this and we we think you know we're
going to pay a price for it later but we
get bombarded by politicians with all
these requests to take people out you
know and so I mean anyway the point is
that there was it's i think that there's
more of a dialogue going on behind the
scenes than we are aware of because
people are afraid to talk they're afraid
they're gonna get hit with espionage act
charges with what you just said then I
always find it it's hard to sort of put
the finger of blame and it's not a blame
game of is the issue systemic is it bad
foreign policy or is it individual
people and I think it's always easy to
point and say Obama's evil and so I
don't know bombers evil it's a ya know I
get ya ass because the question always
is when Obama makes these decisions
who's putting the info on his desk is it
the military saying we need this amount
of budget extended or else there'll be
another terrorist
do you want to be that president who
says no and then it fine happens that
the only the only beneficiaries of these
policies of the so-called war on terror
have been big corporations the you know
the Halliburton's of the world Lockheed
Martin's Boeing's back tells black
waters they're the only people that have
won anything from this you didn't win
anything from it I didn't the average
Yemeni Pakistani Afghan then get
anything from this but to directly
answer your question the in the US and I
think it's true also in Britain in the
u.s. there is a beast that is the
national security state and that beast
will outlast any political leader it
allowed outlasted Bush and Cheney it
will outlast Obama and that beast is is
alive because America's political system
is totally bought and paid for by
corporations us a legalized form of
corruption in the u.s. is what our
electoral system is and so if that's the
reality no one will ever become
president of the United States who is
not purchased by a corporation every
year we break a record for how much it
cost to purchase the White House any
xanies also post a bill so there's
unlimited spending oh and now you know
corporations are officially recognized
as people in the United States so
there's a ruling called Citizens United
so that means that ordinary people who
have maybe a hundred dollars to spend
contributing to a politician because
they believe in them they can't stand up
against a huge corporation that already
has purchased ninety percent to that
politician so you know it's it's not
about Obama it's not about Bush and
Cheney there is a national security
state that largely exists in secret and
serves the interests of major
corporations and you know so how do you
confront that I mean that's we need to
wake up I mean it's not this isn't about
just who we elect this is about getting
corporations out of our lives yeah out
of our political lives I feel that the
one of the ways we can help is with
stuff like this because the thing that's
priceless i found is truth because you
can have a multi-billion pound news
organization but it takes one sis and
journalist or the camera to record the
truth and to go online and it can
completely overwrite it for the most
part i'm not saying it's just that since
this morning i was reading at before i
came to talk to you i was reading in the
paper an article about microsoft now
saying
that they're going to they're they're
looking at encrypting all of their all
of their services in a direct response
to what Edward Snowden revealed by
leaking these documents to Glenn
Greenwald and Laura Poitras you know
Glenn who is a friend of mine and I'm
working with him now he always has
courage breeds courage and and I think
that that's true of what Edward Snowden
did it's true what Chelsea Manning did
other people may be afraid to speak out
for fear that they're going to get
locked up for live in exile but I think
a lot of people will see that and say
you know I want to be like that ya nour
that's the example so I and I think
you're right it like final two questions
are more personal ones but I think ones
that will benefit anyone watching the
first one is how do you research and
when I asked that I I literally mean
what is the process because even I like
to feel that I'm quite good at reading
up I make nice of videos i watch online
I'm starting to build folders but just
what is your etiquette wait for as you
can see in the end the film I actually
don't know how to type I've developed my
own I use four fingers and I thought you
were doing the Hollywood thing where you
know they do the no no I actually know
we could if we can if you want it you
can watch my baby i'll show you my own
system but i'm actually quite fast at it
um you know I when you're when you are
investigating the US government it's not
everything is online and you have to
learn the process of filing what are
basically like many lawsuits to get
access to documents so a large part of
the research requires you to use old
snail mail to apply for things I work
with researchers also and sometimes
they'll go and dig in archives when we
were doing the book about Blackwater my
researcher this guy named Garrett
ordower who is fantastic went to this
tiny town where the Blackwater owner is
from and went through look physically
went through the archives but also you
know you you you know you use LexisNexis
you know which is usually can get like a
friend who's at a university to give you
their password for free right um you
know which has a database it's basically
like digitized microfiche where you can
go back through through time
organization note 02 is the key to any
kind of effective research I mean you
have to keep your stuff straight it's
part of the reason why I use
old-fashioned
paper and pin things on walls you know
you sit there and you look at the same
things over and over and you always will
learn something new right you know you
by staring at it's like one of those
things that were popular than 90 s those
pictures that just look like a bunch of
pixels that have you stared at them long
enough you'd see some magic Lions yeah
yeah yeah but it's sort of like that
you're in the matrix when you're doing
this kind of research but this is what I
would say to anyone doing any kind of
journalism or reporting nothing is a
replacement for old fashioned going out
and talking to people that's the best
research that you can do there are you
will never get more information out of
someone then you will by sitting with
them you won't get it by chatting with
them you won't get it by emailing them
or texting them going out getting your
fingers dirty in there in the real world
is the best form of research that you
can do so I've always really appreciate
about what you do is especially with
issues like in dirty wolves where it's
clearly a motive being involved with
those people that you managed to stay
measured and and just report the facts I
mean I'm sure yeah theme you have to
have empathy for people i also think
that the notion that journalists have to
be objective is total bullshit
objectivity is used as a code for being
devoted to the official version put out
by the state yes you know it's just it's
completely fabricated which is a huge
debate at the moment on I Glenn's Brent
talking out with in New York Times
editor and yeah I mean but it's but I
mean the New York Times your bill keller
of the New York Times feels like he has
some crown of objectivity that he can
wear I mean you know they and I think
there's nothing wrong with being an
activist some of the best people in our
society in the world are actual radical
activists but they try to say well
you're not a real journalist if you have
empathy for the victims of American or
British policy if you have a slavish
devotion to the state's perspective oh
that's objective journalism and
sometimes the truth is just true yeah
yeah yeah so my final question is for
anyone who would love to get into
journalism have been investigative
journalist and a lot of people tend to
choose their careers and life long after
they've been to University studied
history yeah I did so I could I was a
terrible student I know I was too um
what is your advice to especially in
today's day and age I mean I guess it's
easier for people to get online and be a
system journalist but well yeah I mean
that that's I mean I agree where your
enthusiasm you expressed earlier about
the sort of digital moment that
I mean it's really exciting and it can
be a force for total democratization I
mean it's really amazing and it comes
with its risks you know what i would i
would say to people if you really want
to do this kind of reporting out in the
field don't just bounced from internship
to internship or think that someone's
just going to come and snatch you up one
day and say oh you look like you have
potential go and do this I mean I really
think that the best way to do journalism
is to start doing journalism and you
know if I were if I had life to do over
again and I knew that I wanted to be a
journalist I think I would get a job
doing something that didn't drain my
brain doing deliveries or something else
save up my money enough to do three or
six months in a place I wanted to report
on and whether I could get someone to
hire me or not go there and take myself
seriously and give myself assignments
and even if all I'm doing is posting to
my blog or tumblr or you know tweeting
from a place or sending back an email to
my family and friends taking yourself
seriously as a journalist is the best
investment that you could make and not
waiting for someone to say hey now's
your time yeah you know I mean that's
that to me is the best way to start in
this Jeremy thank you very much yes I'm
great times that I recommend anyone is
watching this to go and see this movie
exists one the most important ones today
and we need more movies like this thank
you even if it's not you making them I
sure it'll inspire lots of other people
to go out there and I observed is
reporting right all the work you do
cheers
it's hard to say when the story began
readings from Kabul Afghanistan this was
supposed to be the front line in the war
on terror what's the name of this
village out here but i knew i was
missing the story there was another war
hidden in the shadows
