hey everyone hope all is well so I've
noticed quite a few vloggers tend to
have their camera set at an angle and I
thought I'd try it for a change because
change is good right except when it's
bad like this this is just bad this is
just awkward so I felt like I took any
maturity test this week someone sent me
a youtube video called man schools with
his dick and I had to watch it or
perhaps that doesn't show immaturity
but instead the mature attitude of
wanting to learn because we all want to
know how the school goes right no it is
immaturity and immaturity is what keeps
the YouTube economy going for the most
part I'm not really a football fan
myself but I did find this video quite
remarkable this player runs down the
pitch but his shorts fall down but he
keeps going he's tenacious he's
energetic he really wants to go for it
and he scores
with his dick but what amazed me even
more was that the opposition ran over to
the referee to contest the goal not by
talking to him but by pulling down their
own shorts and dancing about with their
knobs oh that really isn't the civilized
way of pointing out wrongdoing is it by
doing it yourself I mean you would never
see this sort of thing happen in a court
madam in your own time
could you please tell the jury what's
happened and what sort of example does
this goal set the football community
what if it won the championship final
would people start feeling inspired to
learn the way of the dick kick something
else I came across this week which
tickled my immature side was a meme
called hotdogs or legs hotdogs or legs
hotdogs or legs and that kept me amused
for a whole two minutes
unlike the football video which I've
watched
hundreds of times but there have been
much more important things going on in
my life lately like I've removed the
bushes from the front from my house and
replace them with nice white stains but
then it was ruined by an animal a
monster well no it was an animal a cat
actually we thought it would be nice to
ruin my hard work by leaving messages of
shit but in the cat's defense would you
do it and can you argue with that but
something really really important that
happened recently was some in the city
2013 I was gutted I didn't get to go to
VidCon but this certainly made up for it
and standing on main stage on Saturday
talking about activism and using the
Internet to bring the world together
really inspired me to keep going with
what I do so thank you to everyone who
supported me there but one thing that
did deter a lot of people from meeting
me was my hair some of my closest
youtube friends had even said if it
wasn't for my voice when I was on
mainstage they wouldn't have known it
was me so part of me wonders if I should
grow my hair long again and finally
something I've been meaning to do the
past two years is go through all the
amazing things you've sent to my PA box
thank you everyone I was gonna do one
video about it but instead I thought
it'd be nicer to dedicate the end of
each of my videos to talk about some of
the mail I get so today's dedication
goes to Beck who did this drawing of me
just over a year ago actually and it's
amazing it was when I had longer hair
and I had my electric zebra hoodie I
need to get a new hoodie actually all of
mine even this one is just completely
torn unfortunately Beck asked on the
back what color are your eyes I have no
clue so I made them a Bluegreen grayish
color which was a good cool because my
eye color actually changes depending on
my mood sometimes it's blue sometimes
it's green so thank you for that really
really love it if you want to send me
anything my PA box details are in the
description of this video thank you all
for watching love you all please click
like on this video if you haven't
already I've also started a new youtube
channel called misheard lyrics it's a
bit of fun ever wanted to know what
heavy metal vocalists are actually
screaming
well then you're in for a good time the
link for that will follow my usual
sign-off which is say it with me
adios until next time
no no no it is immaturity and immaturity
I can't think because I keep slapping
myself and shaking my head
