hey everyone hope all is well I am still
buzzing right now because only a few
days ago I was at the world premiere of
alien covenant the latest sci-fi horror
installment from Ridley Scott there in
Leicester Square London I got to share
the red carpet or should I say green
carpets with the likes of Michael
Fassbender Katherine Waterston Danny
McBride and of course my lovely friends
there were so many people and yet
somehow I managed to get better seats
and I normally would at my local cinema
dead centre it was such an incredible
experience which followed an excellent
alien day one week earlier where I got
to drink alien themed cocktails get away
land industries temporary tattoo meet
one of the unset xenomorph artists check
out props from alien covenants which
even included wearing the actual
spacesuit so freaking cool and I have to
say peering into one of those eggs was
no easy task
20th Century Fox then brought us to
their London HQ to meet facehuggers and
watch Prometheus and the director's cut
of alien on the big screen and so a huge
thanks to everyone at 20th Century Fox
and substance global who made this all
possible
it was fantastic it's been quite a while
since I last gave a movie review but
after all of that how could I not feel
compelled to make one about alien
covenant it takes place in the alien
universe of a sequel to the 2012 movie
prometheus if you haven't seen
Prometheus yet then I do recommend
checking it out first before watching
this review so alien covenant tells the
story of a colony ship named covenant in
which the crew members discover a planet
that appears to be an uncharted paradise
upon their visit though they've seen
become exposed to hostile alien
life-forms which turn their initial
plans of starting a new home into a
brutal fight for survival when I think
about the elements that exist in the
movies I love most alien covenant has
all of them atmosphere commentary on the
human condition and connection so
firstly atmosphere as you might expect
from Ridley Scott
it is beautifully directed capturing
perfectly the vastness
space the mystery of exploring new
planets and the dread that comes with
realizing the frailty of human life
secondly commentary on the human
condition as was the case with
Prometheus it looks at the notion of
creator vers creation it also poses
questions about what it is to be human
vers machine and thirdly connection the
fantastic cast and scripts provide the
audience with characters that they can
really care about so their love that is
our laughter their fear is our fear and
their desire for resolve is our desire -
now if you enjoyed the movie prometheus
like I did then you will more than
likely enjoy alien covenant as it
continues the story whilst also
introducing us to a new one however if
you didn't enjoy Prometheus because you
were expecting something closer to the
classic alien movies or didn't like
there being so many questions with
hardly any answers to things that
personally didn't bother me about the
movie by the way
or like me found the characters
difficult to care about and were baffled
by some of the questionable decisions
that were made on what was clearly a
dangerous mission alien covenant is the
fix you are after it felt like an
excellent hybrid of Prometheus and alien
it had the thought-provoking
storytelling of the former and the
prevalent sense of dread and urgency of
the latter alien covenant answered many
questions but left many for us to wonder
about - the characters were more
engaging and believable as were their
actions for the most part and the script
was much tighter with a constant sense
of progression the film was just over
two hours long but with the great pacing
and storytelling and so many great
scenes it certainly didn't feel like two
hours there are so many aspects to alien
covenant I could talk about but here are
just a few that stood out firstly
Michael Fassbender playing two roles in
one movie was fascinating he portrayed
two quite different synthetics david and
walter without giving too much away
there is a scene where one is
demonstrating something to the other and
seeing - Michael Fassbender's right up
close to each other having dialogue with
the camera
moving across but to round them that was
very impressive Ridley Scott has a
reputation for building big sets to help
immerse not only the audience but the
cast who during filming and alien
covenant was no exception
it looks great however I was surprised
by the amount of CGI used in places now
I'm not one of these people that if
something looks like CGI he goes oh look
CGI that sucks
there were many times in the movie it
looked amazing
however there were occasions where I did
find it slightly jarring but I think
that maybe because it also relates to
another slight issue I had and that was
the visibility of the threats when we
look back at the classic alien movie it
proves that what you don't see is often
more powerful than what you do because
your mind fills in the blanks
furthermore we are used to seeing
creatures in the alien universe
navigating through tight dark
environments playing on that sense of
claustrophobia now I get that alien
covenant is its own movie but it's
difficult not to draw comparisons and I
just felt that there were occasions
where we saw too much and less could
have been more something else I can
never make up my mind about are the
amazing marketing campaigns these movies
have I was so hyped to see Prometheus
because of all of their trailers and
promos but come screening day and I
found myself wishing that I had stayed
away from it all
so that I could have approached the film
with no expectations and yet alien
covenant presented the same dilemma I
watched all the trailers all the promos
and at the screening I thought I wish
I'd stayed away from it will I ever
learn it caused many of the film's
moments of danger to feel more obvious
and punctuated helping me prepare for
what was or at least what I thought was
going to happen however I will say that
the two awesome prologues released Last
Supper and the crossing contained
footage that did not appear in the movie
like many people feared finally I will
say that this movie felt like a great
middle piece to the story arc we know
Ridley Scott is working on it sets us up
well for
taking us one step closer to
slaughtering right in the back of the
original alien movie and although there
were a lot of great answers given to us
directly in the film it strangely made
me miss even more the abundance of
mystery that engrossed the world of
Prometheus and in a way made me question
whether I really want to know who the
space jockey was in the original alien
movie which we all know was the key
inspiration for Ridley Scott making
these new prequels so to summarise in a
way that is simplistic and somewhat
silly my feelings of alien covenant went
like this it started with whoa - hmm
okay - whoa - hmm okay and finally it
went - nice I don't know if that made
sense to anyone
alien covenant is such an awesome movie
and actually strengthened my belief that
the Prometheus covenant story arc is a
future classic in the making it makes me
like Prometheus even more and it makes
me excited for what comes next so if you
like sci-fi horror action the alien
universe then you don't want to miss out
seeing alien covenant on the big screen
thank you for watching please click the
like button and leave your thoughts in
the comments section of this video are
you a fan of the Alien franchise what
did you make of Prometheus and what are
your thoughts on alien covenant and the
things that I've said about it whether
you are yet to see the movie or have
finally had the chance - I post new
videos every week on a wide variety of
topics on both Facebook and YouTube if
you'd like to find out more information
or support the work I do please visit
patreon.com forward slash miles Dyer
take care and ad8 until next time
