hey everyone hey all is well a couple of
years ago the lovely Hank green did a
video called 31 jokes for nerds
it was great and awesome format and so
with it being geek week for YouTube I
hope you having a good one by the way I
thought why not add some more laughter
and happiness to the online community so
I will be doing today 31 jokes for geeks
30 are you ready let's go an infinite
crowd of mathematicians walking to a bar
the first orders a pint the second
orders half a pint the third orders a
quarter or a pint
I understand says the bartender and
pours two points what is a super heros
favorite part of the Jake the punchline
what did Spock find in Kirk's toilet The
Captain's Log entropy isn't what it used
to be what is the difference between
iron man and iron woman
well iron man is a superhero and iron
woman is a command and a command I do
not approve of myself I set up I was
just reading a book on anti-gravity and
I cannot put it down
what is the Cullens favourites holiday
bangsgiving minecraft creative mode
gives me infinite wood how do you know
if someone has the latest Apple product
they will tell you a Roman walks into a
bar sticks up two fingers to the barman
and says five beers please how many
Klingons does it take to screw in a
light bulb
to one to screw it in and one to stab
the other in the back and take all the
credit
where does bad light end up in prison
what if Frodo say when he saw the trees
dancing that's entertainment
Albert Einstein once finished joined
first in a rap contest supposedly he
equals MC squared my dragon instructor
taught me to wear a seat belt
because if I were to crash the force
could throw me out of the car I mean I
cannot believe he thought Star Wars was
real who would win a fight involving
Superman and Batman well Chuck Norris of
course what you think I'm a geek well me
and my guild disagree knock knock who's
there
doctor can you stop knocking on my door
you do this every week my ex told me I
always spoke like a computer geek and
I'll old people were making too many
Harry Potter jokes I mean seriously the
other day
I still saw him walking around with a
little - above their head Square dear
whoever stole my copy of Microsoft
Office I will track you down you have my
word what do you call a tooth in a glass
of water a 1 molar solution I love large
chests that you find in dungeons on
Zelda ok I tell you a chemistry joke but
all the good ones are gone Twilight the
story of a young woman's choice between
bestiality and necrophilia an
infectious-disease walks into a bar
that's right I'm an infectious disease
just just play along and the bartender
says we don't serve your kind around
here well you're not a very good host my
fiance is a bit of a geek so she was
delighted when I suggested having a
stoles themed wedding and we will save a
fortune on a dress I mean she already
looks like Chewbacca I said we live in a
narcissistic universe I mean it created
human beings so it could observe itself
I never realized how much of a geek I
was until one night when I was in bed
with my ex I told her to scroll down
everyone at work mocks me for being a
geek so tomorrow I'm gonna take in a
lump of coal with me and show him what
I'm really made of so there you have it
32 seriously geeky jokes if any made you
laugh don't forget to click like on this
video and in the comments below or as a
video response why not share your own
it's geek week after all and if geek
week is over by the time you see this
then let the geekery continue and if you
are new to my youtube channel or haven't
already please do click Subscribe I
really appreciate all the support and if
you want to watch more of my videos now
Twilight Saga in three minutes that's
right I went there and secondly
something I'm really excited about for
YouTube's geek week is a movie that has
been released exclusively on YouTube
called ashens and the quest for the game
sholde which I'm in as well as many
awesome youtubers and the legendary
Robert Llewellyn and Warwick Davis it's
gonna be amazing
so check out a full free movie on
YouTube so as always I love you all and
adios till next time
