hey everyone hope all is well and
welcome to youtube look club the weekly
show in which I take YouTube videos and
talk about them because I feel they're
worth sharing with the world and today's
one is about an interview that surfaced
only today with a man called Edward
Snowden and he was interviewed by
journalist Glenn Greenwald because he is
the whistleblower that told the world
about the NSA the National Security
Agency's project prism in which they do
data mining doing mass surveillance and
the Clay ting of information of every
instant message email phone call video
conference you have ever done it was
believed to have been just about Verizon
at first but it has been confirmed to
also involve Google Facebook AOL Yahoo
Microsoft Skype YouTube Apple you name
it all involved and this sets a very
scary president even though this has
been going on the past seven years when
the government wants all our private
information and yet they're wanting to
keep things private even the act of
doing it private themselves with
centralized power that is very very
dangerous and you may say why am I
getting involved not being a US citizen
as I hear again and again well this is a
global issue the prism agency doesn't do
it all in the US there are also links
with the UK New Zealand Canada and
Australia all working on this Glenn
Greenwald has said quite clearly there
is a reason why we lock our homes
there's reasons why we have passwords on
our emails so unless you're someone who
has all of that completely open then
your argument of if we've got nothing to
hide we should have nothing to worry
about is is kind of flawed in that sense
I truly believe that this man behind me
is a hero and here's someone that we
should protect because there is no doubt
that now he has come out in the open
with this information that the US
government and the mainstream media will
do whatever they can to smear him attack
him put him in prison
or even take him out depending on what
you believe the governments of the world
are capable of this man living who
why and he had a $200,000 a year salary
he has a family he has so much going for
him and you could argue he's thrown it
all away to tell the truth that is why I
feel this man is a hero and a huge
inspiration to us all and so we should
make sure that we share this video make
sure we educate people as much as
possible before the mainstream media and
the government try and put their own
spin on it this has brought all sorts of
interesting information to the forefront
and allowed us to ask many great
questions about civil liberties and the
world that we wish to live in we can
look at Google and Facebook Mark
Zuckerberg has stepped forward and said
he didn't know about this program before
but whether he didn't know about it
before or he did and was lying to us the
question should still remain the same do
we trust them and if we don't trust them
what should be done to ensure that this
trust can either be re-established or
made with new organizations in the
future but before I end this video and
ask you to click this behind me to watch
his interview I'd like to read an
extract from the Q&A he was asked does
your family know you are planning this
and he said no my family does not know
what is happening
my primary fear is that they will come
after my family my friends my partner
and anyone I have a relationship with I
have to live with that for the rest of
my life I'm not going to be able to
communicate with them they the
authorities will act aggressively
against anyone who has known me that
keeps me up at night absolutely chilling
and I just wish I could do more so we
should if we believe in this cause if
you believe in what this man has done
you need to do whatever you can to get
the word out so if you feel my video is
an easy way of getting the people that
you know more engaged with the issues
addressed in this video behind me then
please do share this comment like it do
everything you can and of course I will
be posting weekly videos as always so
subscribe if you haven't already and
thank you so so much for your time and
I'm sorry this isn't a very
light-hearted video but unfortunately
the most pressing issues in the world
they aren't light-hearted and we just
must do all we can to support people
like this that have put their lives and
well-being on the line for the sake of
mankind thank you and a Dios to the next
time
