hey everyone hope all is well this is
the first of a new web series I'm doing
called YouTube look Club what I've
decided to do is take videos I have
found on YouTube which have entertained
inspired or informed me and share them
with you once a week so we can have a
discussion in the comments here you can
post video responses with your own
thoughts and I guess we'll see how this
goes so I have decided to kick things
off this week with an animation of the
Curiosity rover landing now what I'd
normally do is ask you to check out the
video first before we discuss it but in
this case I feel giving some context of
how amazing this is first may make you
appreciate it even more the first
misconception I had about the Curiosity
rover was I thought it was like a small
little buggy when in fact it is just
under 2,000 pounds it's huge and it cost
two and a half billion dollars to make
now that is something you don't want to
go wrong so there was a lot of pressure
on NASA to make sure this landing was
its success which it was now before the
landing actually happened the rover had
to get to Mars first which was a journey
of 350 million miles it's just insane
and when it actually started entering
the atmosphere it was going at 13,000
miles per hour just that values you
don't normally try and comprehend and
what made it even more remarkable was
the time delay for the signal between
the rover and Earth it took about 14
minutes because I've see a signal would
have to come to earth and then they'd
have to send one back and it's about six
and a half minutes each way and so with
that in mind during the landing was
something called the seven minutes of
Terror
now because of that delay the landing
had to technically be on autopilot so
everything you see on this video that
would've all had to be pre-programmed
the angle and speed it enters the
atmosphere when the crane had to be
launched with a parachute so when they
were watching it in the control room
back on earth it was watching something
that had already happened it was out of
their control
so it's just really crazy and I feel a
video like this is really inspiring to
show you what man can achieve and I just
love to hear your thoughts um and this
was one of many things that really
inspired me to look more and more into
space and educate myself about physics
and astrophysics and everything because
it's a big universe out there and it's
so very very exciting so click this to
check it out and come back here and tell
me your thoughts and if you want to
subscribe to make sure you get all the
latest videos of this weekly youtube
look club click here thank you
and a da's til next time
