hey everyone I just got back from work
and I saw reports on the news about a
man believed to be linked to the
military who was murdered in Woollett
London England reports of him being
beheaded even there were two suspects
that were shot by police why am i
bringing this up I know a lot of you'll
be asking there are a lot of tragedies
that happen on a daily basis all around
the world well in this particular case I
feel there is a lot of heat online
social media a lot of discussion going
on and so I want to start off by reading
something I said on Facebook to
summarize my thoughts on the way that
people have been reacting I said those
who use words like terrorists evil or
race to explain a horrific act of
violence wipe their hands clean of
identifying actual root causes and thus
preventive measures and it's because as
soon as this event happened people
jumped to conclusions of what race they
are what religion some of these
preconceptions have been confirmed
perhaps they are a particular race
perhaps they are a particular religion
but it's the whole mentality of dealing
with tragedy I'm going to break this
down quite simply the two men were taken
out by police it's now reported they're
in hospital people saying I'm glad they
got shot I can't believe we're using our
hospitals for them that that is some of
the milder stuff that has been said but
the way I see it is our on who believes
in G process the rule of law and
standing by it and ensuring that when
crimes have been committed no matter how
harsh that they're dealt with and
there's a main reason why I believe in
that and it's because I want to get to
the bottom of why things happen by these
two suspects being apprehended by police
if they are in fact alive can be
questioned and we can get to the root
causes however the interesting thing
about weapon today was there was video
unconfirmed who it was but there was a
man with hands covered in blood he was
holding a
knife and he said this we can brush
aside what he said why should we listen
to someone who's committed murder and I
know this is not going to be a popular
opinion especially to those who are
emotionally involved but someone who
commits an act of violence a despicable
act like we've seen today can still
speak truth if the man who committed
murder said two plus two equals four
it's true yes we don't agree with what
he's done but the words that come out
his mouth are true and the words that he
said there we can look into it all
different ways but the thing that came
to my mind is foreign policy and if
people believe it's about just murdering
you know these people that have you know
committed these crimes is going to solve
it
no it's patchwork short-term solution
but then what about the next person that
may have the same views and want to get
their message out it may be easier just
filing away you know a horrific incident
as terrorism or evil without actually
having any understanding of what
happened before this event what things
have led to that being so on who looks
into a lot of the stories and things
that are happening around the world and
to know what our taxpayers money is
going towards killing innocent children
I say we need perspective and when I say
have some perspective I mean we condone
the events that happen today but we also
condone the events that happen all over
the world especially by our own
government and if you don't feel I've
made a coherent argument tell me in the
comments below because I'm happy to be
persuaded but my point is this that
calling it evil terrorism due to race or
religion is just you know putting it in
a filing cabinet and as a part of
closure just filing it away like that a
simplified explanation it's what we try
and do as human beings in the world
find the easiest way to explain our
world unfortunately it's very
complicated
and unless we are going to use due
process and we are actually going to
look at the reasoning for people doing
horrific acts you know we're never gonna
progress as a society I'm interested to
hear your thoughts ideas too next time
