hey everyone hope all is well I am
really sorry I've not made a new video
in a couple of months I've had so much
going on but in just over a week's time
it's going to be my seven-year YouTube
anniversary and I don't know about you
but that kind of feels like a good
starting point for you know getting this
channel up and running again with lots
and lots of content and so on this video
I just want to tell you what's been
going on and what I plan for the future
now for those of you that watch lots of
video bloggers on YouTube you may have
come across some videos over the past
year from the likes of charlie mcdonnell
chris kendall crabstickz where they talk
about anxiety of making regular videos
and it's a very common thing and it's
something I've gone through the past
seven years and there's two main reasons
for it the first is to do with my
external environment and that's because
i work a full-time job it takes up my
entire week and then at the weekend i
just want to shut off chill except I've
got housework and I've got to do bills
and paperwork and then I want to be
going to the gym and getting my fitness
back up and I've got my band which I
love and various projects and because my
job is working a YouTube network and
helping others you know build up their
channels and audiences it leaves me
feeling pretty tired at the thought of
then dealing with my own channel so
that's a big part of it and what it
means is if I miss a week out of making
videos I'll go can't believe I've missed
a week I've got to make sure next week's
video is even better to make up for that
lost time but when I make that video I'm
not entirely happy with it with this new
heightened expectation I feel I have to
fulfill and then it may get delayed for
another week and for every week that
passes the bigger the anxiety that
builds up within me
of worrying that I'm going to disappoint
and that's something I've just got to
let go of and the second part of you
know why I've had this issue is actually
now solved and going to help me with
making regular content and and that is
my youtube channel I've never been happy
with how it is as a physical entity
firstly blade 376 was a user name um I
chose when I was a kid and used it for
computer game high schools I joined
YouTube never thinking it was going to
go anywhere and blade 376 became a brand
I wasn't entirely happy with um I think
it really got to me when one of my old
band was playing in Wales at this show
and a guy came in went up to the merch
stand and said hey guys what's it like
being in a band with blade and they were
like blade yeah yeah yeahs blade know my
name is miles and I've never been able
to get away from it because it would
always say it under my videos but
luckily YouTube functionality has
improved and it's given me a better
platform I can now link it with a
Google+ account so it now says miles
dire and actually all the playlists and
the way the channel is organized can
help me with the biggest problem I've
had with my channel and that is my brand
because we all need a brand regardless
of why you're making videos but as a
YouTube marketing myself I say you need
one clear vision so people know what
they're subscribing to epic meal time
for example you know every week you're
gonna get a new crazy bit of foodage
being created if I'm going to word it
that way with their own theme or aspect
of topicality with me people subscribe
because they see me put a horse mask on
and be silly but then my next video is
about calling out corruption in
government oh I'm not sure i subscribe
for that they may feel which is
completely legitimate so how do I
communicate myself better because my
channel has never been about sticking to
a particular thing is about
self-discovery and just being myself
inspiring other people to use technology
to benefit their own goals and ambitions
I see myself as an enabler and so with
the new functionality I and the way it's
laid out you've always had playlist but
now they're like called sections or
shelves my channel branding is miles
dire entertain inform inspire and I feel
those are three great categories for
putting my content in and I've spent the
last three weeks address off' think how
many hours I've spent it's been a lot of
late nights and four weekends doing it
270 plus videos redoing the thumbnails
descriptions tags and putting them into
one of those playlists but it has been
worth it and if you look at my channel
now you can see that it's either
entertain comedy and all that inform how
to's tutorials or world events and
inspire how to feel good about yourself
or how to deal with particular
situations sort of life lessons but
there are two other playlists as well
live updates like this one which doesn't
really fit into any particular one
particular category and media
appearances whoever on television stuff
like that so now those foundations have
been put in place I'm really really
ready to give this another go and over
the past couple of years I had a wall of
post-it notes and on my phone a huge
list of video titles of ideas I had got
100 to 200 about 30 ideas that been
fully fleshed out but because of this
anxiety I'm like I don't know what my
next video should be and I haven't done
them in the end and I realized I just
need to make content and there's two
aspects of content creation I've had an
issue with on the one hand it's been
about what have what do you guys know
about what I'm talking about so
sometimes I explain things in way too
much detail so the videos go really long
I could be doing that right now but at
the same time I may talk about a
particular issue and assume well
a third of the people watching probably
know what this is about so I don't need
to explain what it is well know if
two-thirds don't know then I need to
explain it so I'm probably going to do a
lot more short videos like explaining
the definitions of particular things and
the other part of my content creation
dilemma is that I don't give myself
enough credit I over the years I've
become less and less about my life and
me as a personality and more about the
ideas I wish to communicate but I
realize that you know a lot of you did
subscribe because you like me as a
person and it's just a lot of feedback
I've been getting and I realize I need
to have more faith in myself and just
let go and not worry just about the
ideas but to do life updates do talk
about what I enjoy just give me your
feedback on this video what have you
liked about my videos what does and
doesn't work and what would you like to
see from me in the future one new thing
I'm going to do on a weekly basis
probably every Friday it's kind of like
a YouTube book club where I will
recommend a particular video and in the
comments we can discuss it because I've
been watching so many lectures and cool
videos lately and instead of just doing
videos while I talk about it it'd be
better just to do a one minute intro
saying i found this this is really
really cool this is what i learned from
it here's some questions let's discuss
so yeah I'm feeling really really good
I'm just feeling full of love for just
making videos and I just need to let go
which I preach again and again so
subscribe if you haven't already please
like the video definitely comment
because I always read the comments and
care about what you have to say as long
as it's constructive and yeah love you
all and before I say those usual final
words on my next video you'll notice a
change about me which will only be
temporary but some of you won't like it
probably a lot of you won't like it
however when you want to have a fresh
start there's something some people tend
to do and I've chosen to do that as soon
as I turn this camera off so
yeah it'll be interesting to hear your
thoughts and your guesses so yeah a DA
still next time
