I got a haircut naturally curly I had
band practice that is why my voice might
sound a bit hoarse there's no horse
there today no pun when I first started
using Twitter I always wanted my profile
page to be a neat list of tweets but
that's not how it works I'm using it
like crazy now so if you ever have
anything you want to ask me directly at
miles Dyer is it water or vodka vodka
anyway today I want to talk about ideas
especially ones we believe are good
because it's these ideas that we tell
others you may find you sometimes come
across people who like to well not
necessarily like because it can be
unintentional but people who just
discouraged and there's a particular
phrase I've heard throughout my life
what if it was a good idea we'd be doing
it already I just find that really
unhelpful and in this video I'd like to
tell you exactly why that is
so why do I feel this phrase is
unhelpful well firstly and this is an
obvious one it's not constructive at all
how is anyone going to get anything out
of that phrase other than feeling
disheartened about suggesting that idea
i'm going to give you two really clear
examples of why this phrase is redundant
the first is about when I studied
psychology at University during one of
our courses we learnt about human
attention span and that if we were ever
to efficiently learn information that we
should be doing it in 20 to 30 minute
blocks our lectures were two hours each
so what am I getting at well I don't
understand why psychology lecturers
don't practice what they preach if
they're really talking about this
legitimate research why don't they break
up lectures into 20 30 minute segments
with short breaks in between they'll get
more out of their students they'll get
better results and they look like
hypocrites really but this is an example
of a good idea that hasn't been done yet
and the second example I want to talk
about is my experiences with my job of
being a youtube marketing Jedi okay so
where I work we have a sales team and
they actually go out to advertisers and
try and make them run their adverts
across our network and on YouTube as a
whole as pre-roll and true view we say
look we can run your advert across the
web cross YouTube and guarantee for
example a million views guarantee a
million views have it aimed at a
particular demographic whether it's
based on keywords and interests whether
it's based on gender whether it's based
on age or geographical location we can
do all that and have much better
engagement than television ads where
people usually go make a cup of tea when
the adverts are on or skip it and it
will be cheaper than running the ads on
TV and with all of that in mind they'll
go now which go to TV and there's even
people that say what companies are
was motivated by the profit margin well
obviously not because they would have
made more profit and had better
efficiency doing it this way but they
didn't go with that good idea because
they haven't evolved with the culture
yet you know online video and
monetization on YouTube is still pretty
new so once again a good idea that in
many cases hasn't been done yet well if
it was a good idea we'd be doing it
already can you imagine how backwards
society would be today if we lived by
that rhetoric I mean imagine a caveman
who first came up with fire I'm being
really cartoony here and yeah it's not
the best example but bear with me he
would be like oh look I found fire which
can cook food which can keep us warm and
some other caveman would be like well to
be quite frank I think if that was a
good idea we would be doing it already I
suggest you put that fire out it be pure
insanity so finally I want to say if you
ever come up with ideas and you hear
people throw that rhetoric your way if
it's not constructive don't be
disheartened keep going and share your
ideas with those that actually will give
you decent feedback as long as you learn
from it it can lead to bigger and better
things and so I'd always keep the faith
and always keep striving for learning
more and sharing ideas with others
because that's how society will continue
to grow and prosper say thank you for
watching I look forward to hearing your
thoughts and your ideas if you have any
to share and as always a ds2 next time
I had an idea which didn't turn out too
well not only has it not been hung
properly in this example but there is a
reflection from the light it doesn't
work so if you want to help me make this
wall look cool I have a p.o box which is
linked in the description please send me
any artwork you have made that
communicates how you feel about my
videos and what you have learnt and I'd
love to put it up so look forward to
seeing what you have to send me and
that's it bye
