hey everyone my name is Miles dire and I
am making this video to declare I am
afraid of no government or Institute in
the world and I am not afraid to call
out corruption when I see it no matter
how small or large it may be there are
so many instances in society today where
people turn a blind eye and I don't
think it's due to intention for the most
part it's because we are living
increasingly busy lives due to social
and economic pressures and I think by
doing a video like this it's a helpful
reminder that we should look out for
others that's the whole part of being in
a successful society looking out for
each other ensuring it your fellow man
and woman is taken care of and I hope
you will join me by making a video of
your own explaining why you will no
longer turn a blind eye to in justices
in the world and why others should take
that same attitude I think we've ever
growing corporations and ever-growing
governments there are a lot of things
that aren't in the public interest and
with the internet and the free-flowing
of information that we're lucky to still
have for the most part we should have an
obligation to educate ourselves so we
can make better decisions for others it
shouldn't all be left to the government
we should be holding them accountable
with educated perspectives not just
emotional rage when things aren't done
which is usually at times when it's too
late or maybe they've done stuff that we
didn't want you know we have an
obligation to do it and so whenever you
see information that is a public
interest share it because you're only a
couple of clicks away and I think that
is really the first part and big major
step of turning a blind eye no longer
the other part is making a video like
this one thank you for your time yes
