hey everyone hope one second blocked
number all sort of dick doesn't block
number these days hello hey miles it's
Luke oh hey man how's it going yeah good
I just been practicing my backgammon
skills actually hey shut up mr. snuffles
I was just calling to find out what you
thought the intro made you yeah I loved
it
no seriously thanks so much for making
it no worries do you think your views
will like it well I guess there's only
one way to find out what do you guys
think during weekdays when I'm in during
my one-and-a-half hour commute to and
from work I always seem to be sitting on
the train with in listening distance of
some person blabbing on their phone
about how awesome things are sound
familiar
anything from the importance of meetings
such an important rating to the
importance of targets oh yes we must hit
that important target to the importance
of well anything I'm pretty sure when
these incidents happen that most people
sitting around them know that that
conversation is a fabrication someone
who just wants to make themselves look
important but yet no one seems to
challenge it it's just become accepted
as one of those things that happens in
life now I'm not suggesting we have to
be aggressive when dealing with these
people or be uptight about it it's
possible to have some fun so next time
you experience this pick up your phone
and play along like so okay so let's set
the scene there's a businesswoman on a
train
speaking loudly on the phone and then
there's me right by her ready to fake a
phone call of my own except mine will be
more important oh hi Brian I just want
to say you did an excellent job today
I'm so glad to have you as part of my
team hey Dan thanks so much for your
efforts today it really means a lot
don't be too obvious at first slowly get
into it yeah we really hit those targets
day I never thought we'd hit 600,000
pounds but we did tomorrow I'd like to
have a follow-up meeting with the whole
team because since hitting that
seven-figure number we just got to keep
pushing forward well done Brian you can
pour yourself a glass to celebrate
600,000 pounds just brilliant well done
then do yourself a favor mate crack open
a bottle of the finest
champagne two and a half million dollars
outstanding Cheers
have a good night Dan see you tomorrow
bye yeah bye you have I know we're also
yeah all right bye
what a joker if she was having a real
conversation on the phone she might want
to leave out the dramatic pause it's not
convincing
I know what you're thinking because
you're all very caring people what if
the person on the phone is having a
legitimate conversation surely you
shouldn't target people who are being
genuine wrong
no sorry you're right you should well
sometimes there are signs that they are
biessing I'll give you three number one
going under a tunnel yet there seems to
be perfect signal still if I do not get
that briefed on my desk in my office by
tomorrow morning trust me
consequences will never be the same
number two they're being exceptionally
loud and blunt I don't think you
understand just how important this
meeting really is and number three they
poorly emphasized the importance of
something and can you please ensure that
important presentation is done I mean
it's important because it's important
but sometimes jacking around doesn't
work it can backfire so don't say I
didn't warn ya I'm just not having a
good date my dog died today two of my
dogs died today yeah it's been rough I
know it's a bad pun get over it I've got
to get over two dogs dying and then my
girlfriend left me and my girlfriend
left me twice she left with only one of
the dead dogs the first time so she had
to come back and get the cat she didn't
like the other dog and also the test
results came in
and the doctor said I have to get both
my testicles removed I think that's it
really
bye you got to draw the line somewhere
excuse me this is my stop
thank you for watching don't forget to
like this video if you enjoyed it and I
want to give a huge shout out to my
friends Luke Emma and Marwan be sure to
check out their channels and subscribe
because they are very talented
individuals and it feels good to be
doing this sort of video I have missed
doing more scripted stuff so expect more
perhaps if you enjoyed this
oh and quickly one more thing my band
has released all 11 tracks from our
debut album for free on YouTube so if
you click here you can go check it out
at least look at the music video because
there's fire and slow motion and I think
you'll like it
Cheers Elias til next time
