hey everyone today I turned 26 years old
I have been bed down the last eight days
trying to fight off a virus and then
yesterday I received a back injury so
now it hurts whenever I try and move
about thank goodness for jump cuts hey
and slay to anyone watching this video I
have a birthday wish that I hope you can
make come true now they say you
shouldn't tell people what your birthday
wish is or else it won't come true but
that's what they want you to think if
you don't tell anyone how will they know
and if you don't tell anyone they have a
good reason not to fulfill it so I'm
Friday much first this year I'm
launching a global Internet campaign
called turn a blind eye no longer and my
birthday wish is for you to get involved
and are you thinking this is such a mile
thing and it is just so simple but first
a quick story in my final year of high
school I entered the a new public
speaking competition where in front of
the school I criticized the school rules
and exposed corruption that was going on
now before giving that speech I gave the
written version to my head of year out
of politeness so they could check it and
he said that if I was to give that
speech serious actions would be taken
against me so I made the speech anyway
and the school was unable to punish me
because the vast majority of students
and teachers agreed with what I said and
what's my point well it's that it's only
when we speak out against injustice
publicly that we provide an opportunity
for others to agree and do the same and
therefore it's only when I break my
birthday wish from secret see that I can
provide a real opportunity for others to
stand up with me and hopefully achieve
something great so before Friday March
the first I want you to get a camera it
can be anything it can be a video camera
phone webcam or even a photo with you as
a voiceover and then record a video it
doesn't have to be very long in which
you publicly introduce yourself and then
declare that you are not afraid of
governments and you are not afraid to
call out corruption when you see it now
if that's a bit too much to ask for then
you can talk about corruption in a
societal sense maybe amongst your
community maybe when at work or in a
school corruption is bad no matter
where it happens and I hope that you
will get involved in this now you may be
signed who doesn't know of any
corruption right now and that's okay the
whole aim of this campaign is to make
people collectively become more vigilant
this is for people all over the world to
get involved in regardless of their
beliefs and political loyalties and if
you know anyone who has a camera get
them to make one and if they don't have
a camera lend them yours let's see how
many videos we can get together to
upload on Friday March the first this
year I really want to see everyone I've
ever known on YouTube get involved and
if you're a big youtuber and feel this
may conflict with your brand then do it
on a new channel there should be nothing
controversial about saying that you will
call out corruption when you see it many
of us remember bullying at school there
may be a time even when you regret not
doing more to help others or maybe there
was a time that you needed help and just
wish someone was there well we all know
that once you're in the real world there
are much bigger bullies that exist and
they must be stopped so with all that in
mind my name is Miles dire I turned 26
years old today and my birthday wish is
for you to join me in saying I will turn
a blind eye no longer
I guess the next time
