hey you don't have to keep calling that
I was just doing that for focus as you
know I'm a huge Harry Potter fan time
really with that water brothers studio
tour london well that was just in the
outskirts of London I guess it still
counts picky you are like the biggest
harry potter forever you play Quidditch
it's like quick like official league I
was forced to read the Philosopher's
Stone when I first started high school
secondary school we call that it really
put me off I never read any of the books
and therefore never really wanted to see
the movies oh I remember we had to make
a board game at the end of the year in
which we had to prove our understanding
of the book and everyone got into detail
about all the narrative and all the
characters and mine was escape from
Harry Potter where you roll a dice and
then that's how many spaces you go and
then you have to do it for hurry and if
Harry catches up with you you die and go
to hell so so how did that prove that
you understood anything about it just
just that there's a character named
Harry Potter yeah it just proved my
understanding that I didn't like it that
doesn't prove that you ready I mean
Santa fine it was as if it was a good
game had lots of fun there to get a good
grade yeah this anyway the reason it's
fascinating to me is we went to this and
I'm not someone who just because I
haven't watched it all didn't like it
from my childhood experiences I wasn't
going to be like oh this is lame and
tried and you know not have a good time
I was absolutely amazed by it was
incredible if someone who has never seen
all the movies I guess what is your
understanding of the story of harry
potter like tell us what happens in
harry potter this is my sangre of it it
starts off with this kid called Harry
who lives in this straight a car and all
the stream was called and doesn't happen
outside like isn't it
I mean weather occurs what weather
occurs no but the letters so specific as
opposed to not very and he gets a scar
on his he gets a scar on the storm I
don't know was it birthmark or was it a
scar but it's like a lightning bolt he
gets a letter I'm just making this up
now okay for some reason he gets surged
to go to this hog worse places oh yes he
goes to Kings Cross station which we
also visited ah it was good beautiful he
goes to platform nine and three-quarters
where I'm guessing from what we were
doing is he had to push the baggage
trolley into the wall okay yeah and he
appears in Hogwarts isn't it goes bad he
goes he goes there's a there's a train
the way of a train Hogwarts Express the
Hogwarts Express shoulda guessed he
learns to become a wizard at this wizard
school and they have what's the school
club ah Hogwarts Academy oh there are
four houses in his school a slimmer and
slimmer in that one spell it oh no Griff
Griff I don't know Griffin it was funny
i don't know how there's like puffle
huff for say i don't say like that and
then there's a though is the blue one
what Harry's a member of which is a
complete gone over my head now it was
the easiest one to remember he just
studies that and all the books are just
about how he studies and become haha
better a better wizard I have some
characters you got how great who's this
gigantic guy he's I'm shaming he's on
their side yeah what's he doing there
was even story he just was just you just
they're just bumming around we just like
he's had his life he was like right when
you get to that age I don't know he is
but he projects wanted to sat down oh my
lord you got cook Dumbledore double
daughters couple died he's a king wizard
he's a king was it k is like yeah he's
an amazing wizard and yeah he's
he helps them learn the ways then
there's this guy called Voldemort I
don't know at what point in the story he
actually comes in but I know that he's
like he's got sort of the Michael
Jackson nose and he's just not there
it's like just flies in it and just two
holes yeah I'm right like a snake he
wears silk so it's all she still just
flapping about like that I remember that
from the soul he wants to destroy the
Wizards and destroy the world and harry
potter save the day you're good that's
that's my understanding of Harry Potter
I don't know you really do yeah yeah no
I'd really died like I think we should
wrap this up it's lovely having you know
Europe it was good it's amazing it's
good time I'm gonna leave right now but
wait before you go check out prezzies
channel you click her you will subscribe
she does really cool impressions like
that and if you want to subscribe to me
if you haven't already clicked me and as
a race at is to next time okay then it
falls out with camera
