woke up on the couch of a friend's house
wish and I'd not drunk so much the night
before I was saddened by the news that
while Americans were out partying for
new years Barack Obama signed the
National Defense Authorization Act
eating lots of fruit and veg a good
start of the year watch the GOP debates
very fascinated by ron paul and his
anti-establishment stance had fun with
the iphone app sleep talk recorder got
VIP tickets to see the filming of red
dwarf series 10 did a YouTube campaign
called what are you capable of for 20th
Century Fox's movie chronicle join the
sleeper and pipa protests sat outside a
hospice in the garden with my uncle
looking at the night sky discussing
life's biggest questions engaged in the
big breakfast medium lunch and small
dinner eating approach gave an in-depth
lyric analysis of the masterpiece that
is stupid hoe joined foursquare got
addicted launched the new YouTube
channel with my friend college at a
called question of the day
joined Instagram she became addicted
interviewed tommy was oh and Greg
Sestero from the room and was
complimented on my interviewing skills I
I guess you didn't I do you do your
research spent my 24 Valentine's Day
alone well ok that's not entirely true
helps circulate a petition calling for
the US government to allow the UN to
visit Bradley Manning in prison we've
plans to see my uncle my birthday I was
informed the day before that he had
passed away but I felt instant regret
took an interest in the work of
anonymous found out my friend Charles
had a brain tumor and he was only 27 but
luckily he did recover my youtube
channel hits 7 million views thank you
everyone discovered a friend's friend
had a brain tumor and he was in his
early 20s and unfortunately passed away
right my first blog post in months
externalizing my inner scare about
mortality my cousin James has become a
new hero of mine to be age 15 and 2 lost
his father yet to have such a strong and
mature outlook on life I've learned an
awful lot from him and words can never
explain how inspiring I find him became
vocalist for the band squamata theory
audition to be a TED speaker but
unfortunately I didn't even get through
the first round I self-funded a seven
day UK lecture tour in which I spoke at
schools and universities about my
experiences with the internet and how I
believe it can lead to a global
civilized society I finished the tour at
zeitgeist a 2012 in friends house london
in front of 600 people my friend chris
bought me the empathic civilization by
jeremy rifkin oh i hear outside my house
twenty-four seven is that teeth grinding
returned bring back the defense was
invited to a special preview of the
movie prometheus with ridley scott and
cast doing Q&A s launched a trailer
called in god we trust with my friends
at horsey in the hedge during my first
ever dating website what worked on a web
series with robert Llewellyn about
renewable energy called fully charged
discovered dr. Neil Tyson and was blown
away by his we've stopped dreaming runs
on real time with bill maher was
interviewed by london real about my life
experiences and the universal solutions
project asked dominoes to draw a shark
on the box and the challenge was
accepted was in
waited to the lbc 97.3 studio by my hero
James O'Brien tried spreading the word
about the Icelandic revolution wishing
the rest of the world would do the same
was ready to upload a music video
featuring the creator of Rebecca Black's
Friday the song was called Tuesday but
unfortunately in the end we didn't have
permission to upload it went to a
cousin's wedding which was great but
everyone drunk a bit too much I think I
mean at night when I was sleeping in the
hotel my brother came in and jumped on
his bed naked except it wasn't his bed
it was mine ah was incredibly gutted to
see some of my beloved colleagues leave
the company I work for my friend Ryan
who I need for a YouTube for six years
passed away aged 29 after a long battle
with cancer no matter how frequently it
may happen losing people never gets
easier received a promotion at work and
was allocated my own team I did feel
bittersweet about it like had dinner
with the creator of blade marv wolfman I
lost seven thousand subscribers in about
a week thanks to YouTube's purge of
inactive accounts befriended an American
journalist and activist called Abby
Martin was considered lame by many for
not being a supporter of the diamond
jubilee went to download vessel with
fear factory and had an amazing
conversation with my hero Burton seat
belt about what it is to exist had my
first doctor's appointment in almost
four years and was diagnosed with
chronic tension headache within 30
minutes of taking the medication the
left side of my face went completely
numb and I could tell you I didn't take
any more was invited to speak at the
chortle 2012 conference came across a
guy singing about one pound fish so I
suggested to my colleagues that we bring
him to our studio and film a proper
music video but the general consensus
was it wasn't my phone went to the
sorted food studio for some yummy lunch
I love those guys gave my realized and
empathize talk at the youtube gathering
in redding attended VidCon in anaheim
california where i am now stick a 2012
to thousands do it there we go
if you want to see that for two hours
was on a panel with you to burn audio
socket about the music industry meta
super gifted songwriter on the streets
of Santa Monica called Amy may and it
turned out she was from London so we
became friends my parents returned to
England after living three years in
Boston I saw a girl handing out free
breakfast bars near my work or standing
next to a homeless person what a stark
contrast within modern day society with
the Olympics being built upon the
principles of corporate power
nationalism and militarization I felt
very uneasy of what's to come it was the
channel it's on a party saw an old lady
saw an old lady at the station
struggling to get cigarettes she had
dropped on the floor so I picked it up
and gave it to her but upon reflection
did I truly help her in doing so made a
provocative video with horsey in the
hedge about the Olympics starring the
granny from the human centipede 2 had
that awkward catch-22 moment where I
couldn't afford to get to work suspended
my weekly live show 6 years because I
just didn't have the time News Network
Russia today featured the olympic video
and even dubbed it for their Russian
channel whiny miles ok well Nick eggs
nation baka baka was nominated by
broadcast magazine as hotshot 2012 I
lost my Twinkie virginity and yuck it
was gross taste of like foamy plastic
was honestly inspired by the athletes at
the 2012 Olympic and Paralympic Games
woke up early and while still in bed I
managed to watch nasa's curiosity rover
land on mars on my laptop bought a shirt
from my favorite rapper recorded vocals
for my band's debut album went down to
the ecuadorian embassy in london to show
my support for julian assange my uncle
in australia passed away southern shock
went to summer in the city the venue for
stick aid fell through and we struggled
to find a new one helped build a new
online platform for my friend Abby and a
new show breaking the set started a new
show called channel flip weekly met the
talented David Rasmus the CEO and
founder of fundraising tool givi he
kindly offered to help out with stick
aid top German court approves a 500
billion euro bailout of the eurozone
spoke out about the movie the innocence
of Muslims and as a result received
quite a few deference develop strong
feelings for my friend Abby so I told
her change my twitter user
92 miles dire you'll never guess how I
came out of that filmed what was to be
the last ever video on my youtube
channel but it never went up posted the
fake anti-smoking ad became really ill
again unimpressed by a puppet show
series on us TV called the Presidential
Debates stick a 2012 seems increasingly
unlikely so the lovely UNICEF reached
out scared of how poor my memory was
getting I lost respect for the Nobel
Peace Prize when the EU one it worked on
an anti-bullying campaign with my friend
Lindsay and the YouTube community watch
Felix Baumgartner freefall from the edge
of our planet's atmosphere on my iPhone
while food shopping I love technology
October was a month where nothing seems
to be going right halloween party at
work really wanted to get back into
making regular videos again blew out of
Washington DC met my old school friend
Adam who hadn't seen in seven years
while visiting the Martin Luther King
memorial I was recognized by a group of
people who asked to have their photo
taken with me I mean just out of all the
places in the world the weather was
amazing but I was told hurricane sandy
was coming the next day they didn't say
this in the travel brochure got to go
out with some amazing people including
Manuel Katie and yes Abby spent a lot of
time in the hotel gym during the
hurricane with a new iphone app called
zombies run visited the newseum on the
last day which was just fantastic the
twin tower remains were exceptionally
chillin with a backdrop of global
reaction in print I was also blown away
by the Pulitzer Prize gallery and they
also had a room full of newspaper front
pages of all the biggest events in
history including the Great Fire of
London incredible one quote from that
museum that is stuck with me his
journalism is the first draft of history
my friend Adam gave me a book he wrote
as a goodbye gift and it made me
reconsider writing my own book some time
leaving Washington DC I concluded it
just wasn't meant to be with Abby I
yes at least I can say I tried my band
had a fiery music video she ended up in
a karaoke bar one night with my boss
Seng in Lincoln Park epic hosted a
one-hour special live show at the
YouTube HQ in London announcing stick a
2013 and why stick a 12 was never meant
to be my band's debut album finally came
out with a very cool music video went to
a nightclub in my hometown and found
people rocking out to our music on the
dance floor it was sort of her squamata
theory was featured on the front page of
youtube music my friend Brizzy voices
paid me a visit I showed her around
London and in return she showed me some
Pokemon impressions Sheldon we both went
to harry potter land and for someone who
has never wanted to see the films i can
tell you i absolutely loved it my
commute to and from work became two and
a half hours for an entire week because
of floods worked with mr. Weebl and
right said fred on their christmas
single hoping to get it to number one i
was featured on the documentary becoming
YouTube I dressed up as a banana for
work it just seemed very appealing to me
yeah that's right I went there my home's
heating system break for the sixth time
in a row I experienced some financial
difficulties and I can't thank my
parents enough for supporting me in
these difficult times survived the end
of the world hung out with fear factory
again on their last world tour date in
London my friend cat got me this awesome
ring for xmas work christmas party which
was one to remember that i did actually
remember considering we did about 14
hours of drinking received really
positive album reviews and lots of happy
messages from fans with their new
schemata theory shirts band photo shoot
at black pixel got voted Best Male
Vocalist in an unsigned band 2012 by
beneath the grid thank you and I got to
spend Christmas with my parents in their
England home for the first time in three
years which was just a really nice way
to end the year so what have I
discovered this year well I've
definitely become more fulfilled with
just love and empathy for my fellow man
and woman
I've become better identifying when
people are actually friends and when
they're just networking I'm going to
keep making these vlogs shells for the
rest of my life I'm incredibly lucky to
work with the people I do and to have
such amazing bosses I don't need a
girlfriend to make me happy but it would
be nice I've learned about the hostility
that comes with debating politics even
with those that are closest to you and
for that reason alone I've concluded
that politics is never going to be the
solution for most of the world's
problems I work with some very talented
musicians in my bands and I just know
it's going to go really really far and
to have a platform to put my thoughts
and words to music is just a dream
country I've really thrived on knowledge
this year I've done whatever I can to
educate myself I've been reading
articles making notes while watching
documentaries doing online courses but I
do really want to become a much better
critical thinker although I'll never get
to see how the story ends with humanity
I want to live as much of it as possible
it's also become clear to me that you
know people come and go in life
sometimes friends disappear sometimes
you meet up again sometimes you
experience death and therefore the only
thing you can really be certain of is
yourself the control you have on your
life and that's why you should just live
life to the full every second of it
which is what I continue to try and do
so let me leave you with three things
I've been quoted on saying this year
when you encounter ignorant views don't
hate educate no matter how painful
things maybe today don't let politicians
hijack your feelings and finally the
truth sometimes hurts but I like to
regard that as growing pains at Easter
next time
