hey everyone hope all is well look I'm
so sorry I haven't made a video in a
while but I've been so so busy it's been
over two years in the making but finally
at last my band's debut album dry lung
rhetoric is about to come out it is an
11-track album which is of the metal
genre but there is a lot of melodies in
it there's a lot of aggression in it and
actually every song seems to tackle a
different sort of metal because we know
there are so many genres after all as
much as I love making my youtube videos
because I get to be direct with you
music is just another facet of media
that you can use to reach out to people
I have convinced my band to trust me
with the way that we release this album
because times are changing you know with
digital media with the internet with
piracy on the rise I feel that we have
to be smart about it and therefore on
Friday November 23rd we are going to be
releasing this debut album for free on
YouTube the 11 tracks will be released
as 11 separate videos but one of the
videos will be an official music one
that I've worked on with my friends from
horsey in the hedge last Sunday the band
and I were at an aircraft hangar where
we had fire smoke and dust and I can't
begin to tell you how excited I am to
show you this video it just looks so so
epic well we don't have a record label
we want to do this off our own backs and
therefore over the past couple of years
we've been saving up lots of money so we
can make a professional video so we can
create merchandise and copies of our
albums in physical form but then of
course we're just giving it away all for
free right the metaphor I like to use is
you wouldn't go into a clothes store to
buy a suit and just hand over the money
and then they give you the suit and you
hope that you like it I like to see it
the other way around that you get to
listen to all the music and if you enjoy
it you will maybe contribute so if you
go to squamata theory com that is our
bandcamp page and here we are selling
bundles but there are only 100 available
these will include a signed
cool copy of our album a limited-edition
shirt only a hundred of these exist and
all sorts of goodies like badges
stickers and guitar picks but of course
if you want to wait until the album's
out listen to it first I completely
understand this feels weird because in
the six seven years I've been doing you
chief I don't think there's ever been a
time where I've sold anything through my
video but um I guess it's always the
first time facebook if you have a
profile please like us on there
facebook.com forward slash squamata
theory twitter at squamata theory and of
course youtube this is where the album
is going to be released on friday
november 23rd subscribe and you'll be
the first to receive it once it is up
perhaps you or someone you know has a
radio show online or in traditional
media rights for a magazine or an online
blog anyone who would play our music or
review it or wants to interview US get
in contact via our Facebook or Twitter
and of course if you're happy to share
our music video when it's out and help
spread the word on facebook then that's
brilliant the weekend of the release all
the band is coming around mine we're
going to be at our computers just
speaking with everyone and seeing if we
can get a snowball effect going because
I'm on a personal note this is music
with meaning dry lung rhetoric the album
title should say it all and for those of
you that have supported me over the
years and watching this right now I
really want this to take off because I
think this is a great way to get people
thinking about the world that we live in
so you want to hear a little bit all
right then
I
why was she
