hi everyone hope all is well for the 25
years and seven months I have been on
this planet I have been single for 25
years and five months of them yeah quite
a lot am I just a loser am ia too
repulsive to girls maybe I'm too picky
or perhaps I'm just destined to be alone
well upon reflection I can think of some
reasons why that is I am quite an
intense person if you didn't know
already from either meeting me or seeing
me on these videos and secondly i am
quite selective with the people i'd like
to date but i think that's a good thing
you need to make sure you know what
you're looking for in a partner I've
seen so many people who go into a
relationship it doesn't work they come
out they go into another and it just
becomes like a process of trial and
error they'll just keep going into
relationships until one happens to work
out and I don't think that's healthy if
you are unhappy don't use a relationship
as something that is going to fix that
it's something that will only add to
what you currently got you need to find
ways to stand on your own two feet and
once you are confident in yourself as a
person then I believe you can go and
have a successful relationship so for a
bit of fun I thought I'd list five
things I look for in a girl but before I
do there are three little things I
should get out the way physical
attraction which is a no-brainer you
need to be physically attracted to
someone you know you asked me am I into
blondes or brunettes it's a non question
for me because I take everyone on an
individual basis you know when I meet
someone if the chemicals are there in
that moment I will know so I just don't
like to generalize people on physical
traits I don't think that's constructive
they have to be single do I need to
explain that and thirdly they have to
like me if you're going into a
relationship with Saudi doesn't like you
you're gonna have a problem so with all
that in mind here are my five things I
look for in a girl okay number one a
good balance of maturity and fun now has
already explained i'm quite an intense
person so I think it's only fair that
the person i'm with also has a serious
side they're willing to have the
and meaningful conversations and in
other times they're willing to just let
go and enjoy life and not worry about
all the bad stuff that goes on number
two has a lot of drive and passion I'm
someone who lives life to the full I
never once a second to go wasted so I
get involved in lots of projects
wherever it's doing UK tours my youtube
videos stick aid activism the universal
solutions project my band you name it so
I'd like to find son who also has a lot
of passion in lots of different projects
number three independent you often hear
people say they don't like someone who
is clingy or too clingy I mean cuddles
are great and it's good to spend time
together with your loved one but at the
same time it shouldn't be a 24-7
surveillance exercise I think you should
have complete trust to go out and do
your own thing which relates to number
to have your own projects some of which
may cross over and complement each other
but I think being able to go out and do
your own thing and then come back at
times in the evenings and that and then
spend quality time together I think
that's a healthy balance to have number
four American this is a shallow one I
understand partly because of the accent
the American accent regardless of what
area I find incredibly attractive but
it's also because as I've said before
while wants to move to America generally
not everyone in America is a lot more
outgoing a lot more sociable and a lot
more positive and I just like that
energy that's not to say i'm going to
write off anyone who's not american but
we have preferences and number five
quirky I just like people that have
quirky traits whether it's the way they
dress or the mannerisms they have it
doesn't have to be anything significant
just little quirky things that make them
different um I just find it cute and I
really like that so yeah those are my
thigh things I look for in a girl and I
understand this is probably starting to
look like a dating video and I guess I'm
interested to hear what five things you
look for in a partner perhaps you've
found some already
tell me how that's going and how it
compares to your original perceptions
because sometimes we have an idea but
it's only when you find that special
person that you truly understand what
you've always wanted so yeah look
forward to hearing your responses love
you all as always and a DA still next
time bye
ah feels so good doing videos once a
week again I've really missed doing this
