innocence of Muslims it is proven to be
a catalyst for mass civil unrest
violence and even the murder of US
ambassador Christopher Stevens in Libya
and having received a lot of requests to
give my opinion on the matter via
Facebook and Twitter I thought I'd do
say now I don't feel there's much of a
need for me to go into too much detail
about the movie after all it is on
YouTube for everyone to see but it
depicts the Prophet Muhammad which is a
big no-no in the Muslim world and it
suggests that Mohammed was a child
molester violent and irrational I do
feel that Muslims have the right to be
offended but early on the condition that
I have a right to be offended by their
disgusting actions of committing
violence and murder in response to
something which I deemed to be quite
petty and I feel already I need to put a
disclaimer saying I don't think all
Muslims are the same so with anything I
explained in this video don't see it as
a generalization all right it seems to
me that there are a group of Muslims
around the world who are pissed off at a
movie for depicting them as being
hateful violent and irrational and how
they protested by being hateful violent
and irrational so yeah good one I truly
believe that nothing in life should be
exempt from ridicule or criticism but
that doesn't mean to say that ridicule
and criticism can't be criticized and
ridiculed itself that's how discussion
should work in a civilized society but
on the other side of this issue everyone
on this planet should be protected from
murder however it would be reasonable to
assume that most these people getting
really angry about the movie are those
who have only recently been exposed to
the Internet a place where free flowing
information and free-flowing criticism
can exist okay I can't believe I'm gonna
do this right now this is gonna sound so
ridiculous but to anyone out there who
is watching this and has been protesting
you're at a computer now do the mature
thing and flag the video to get it
removed don't kill someone for me that's
the more civilized way of doing things
however there is one really important
thing people are missing here
how many of these people that are
protesting about the movie do you think
have actually seen it I think there is a
much deeper and complex issue going on
here as I said before on the video I
believe everybody on the planet should
be protected from cold-blooded murder
that includes every person in the Middle
East who has received decades of
oppression from the Western world
whether it was the overthrowing of
democratically elected leaders like in
Iran or the dictators our governments
propped up until the very last moments
when we realized their time was up why
should those we gave democracy to still
be filled with so much anti-us sentiment
I'll tell you why it's because the
freedoms they have now have given them
an opportunity to let the world know
about the horrific pasts in which the
Western world have either tormented them
with foreign policy or have turned a
blind eye when they needed our help most
just as the 9/11 attacks were regarded
as blowback by the CIA for u.s. foreign
intervention over the past 60 years what
we are seeing now is going to be another
wave of blowback but don't worry the
governments of the world always sort it
out because they can send your friends
your family and you to fight their Wars
your lives their agendas and as always
the innocent always suffer so in
conclusion yes I believe the movie
innocence of Muslims is ridiculous and
yes I think people are absolutely mental
if they believe they have the moral high
ground to kill others just because they
were offended and to be outraged
whenever the Prophet Muhammad is
depicted when Muslims themselves did it
many many years ago but there are
ideologies coming from the Western world
which are threatening to now with
embassies been evacuated all over the
Middle East with the West sending in
more military forces and preparing war
games with war rhetoric being drums up
against Iran and with an ever worsening
global crisis which is making every
country think more and more selfishly as
time goes on
we have to take a serious look at
ourselves as a human race and ask do we
really want another world war oh yes the
next time
hey everyone just one more thing
although I have this philosophy about
all my videos I want to make it extra
clear on this one because it's a very
sensitive issue and it's this I am NOT
claiming to have superior knowledge on
what has been discussed in fact I could
be wrong on some of it or perhaps all of
it so don't hate even if you are
emotionally engaged be rational don't
kill me
and I look forward to hearing your
thoughts because obviously any sane
person on the planet wants to create a
better world so it starts with
constructive dialogue
