hey everyone hope all is well life may
very well be a numbers game
but that doesn't mean you should live a
life that is dominated by numbers social
status has always been an important
component of human existence it's
natural to have this desire to be
respected
to be seen in a positive light and to be
popular and so we are constantly trying
to get a real sense of where we stand in
the world and how we relate to one
another and this can generally be worked
out through our interactions within
friendship circles the communities that
we live in or places of employment human
beings are complicated biological
machines and so trying to work out your
relationship with hundreds of others is
quite a difficult task especially when
you consider that everyone has their own
history and direction of travel in terms
of how they develop as an individual
over time but for the most part we have
long managed to get a perspective of our
place in the world by just living life
however you the cliche phrase the
Internet has changed everything
pretty cliche it has broadened our
horizons it has exposed us to more
information more people and more
uncomfortable truths we have been forced
into a new age where calculating your
social status is no longer just about
lived experience within your local
community there is a whole world out
there that your mind is now conscious of
social media has played a big part of
this providing us all with an extension
of our inner self a digital
representation of who we think we are
and it is provided us with so much data
including metrics like followers
retweets shares likes and friends that
can serve as blunt indicators of where
we sit in society or at least where we
think we do it has long been known that
no matter who you are in the world there
will always be someone out there who is
better than you at something but the
Internet has increased our consciousness
to this reality and in turn exacerbated
the potential impact that this
realization has on people's mental
well being there are two main ways we
can respond to this notion one is with
discouragement I will never be as good
as them or secondly you can respond with
encouragement thinking you know what I
too can achieve great things for I am on
my own journey and it's true we are all
on our own journeys in life but when you
see our social media profiles next to
each other with similar layouts and
comparable stats like comments likes
friends etc it can create the opposite
impression that somehow we are in fact
all on the same one
numbers can of course be a great
indicator for progress when working on
particular projects etc I for one am a
huge fan of data but by allowing these
elements to define you as a person you
distance yourself from the art of living
it can hinder achieving a real sense of
purpose and happiness in life the other
problem with focusing too much on
numbers is that the scale can be
never-ending like is the case with money
for example you can always gain one more
than what you already have and so if you
keep chasing that sense of accumulation
you will never be satisfied that can
create tunnel vision and a need for a
perfectionism that doesn't exist so it
becomes a question of how far you are
willing to walk down that path until you
realize where it leads and so if we can
accept that life is about quality and
not quantity then it helps us understand
not just on a rational level but an
emotional one that social status should
not be determined by popularity but by
the meaningful relationships you share
with those that you are connected to
this became very clear to me back when I
used to attend a lot of global YouTube
events and gatherings I'd often get
asked by people are you famous on
YouTube and my honest answer would be no
I'm not well-known but I am well
respected because in terms of
subscribers and viewership I didn't even
come close to where the big
personalities were and that's ok because
despite this I was still known by the
biggest names
and the leading people in the industry
because of my contribution over the
years to the community that we grew up
in together and I wouldn't trade that
for anything here's another quick story
on this point a great friend of mine is
a vocalist for a huge US metal band and
so we rarely get to hang out in person
when I mentioned how this was a shame to
him he said some very wise words he said
miles the quality of a friendship should
not be measured by how often you get to
see each other but by the strength of
the connection that exists each time you
do and he's right despite the fact we
only get to see each other once every
one to two years there is no sense of
deterioration within our friendship
between each meeting quality over
quantity and as I've always said
progress is something you only notice
when you look over your shoulder and the
chances are whenever you look back in
life you won't be reflecting on the
numbers instead you'll be reflecting
back on the experiences and how they
made you feel this reminds me of a
brilliant short film asur a few years
ago called lost memories which shows a
world in which people invest so much of
their time and effort into digital space
only to be left with nothing after a
global disaster shuts down all forms of
digital communication and it got me
thinking if the internet went away
tomorrow what would you be left with
I find that question to be a great way
of keeping yourself in check about the
type of life that you are living so with
all that said here are a few key points
to summarise number one social media is
an extension of who you think you are
number two live your reality and not
your digital representation of it as a
brief example the reality is not that
you have X number of friends on Facebook
the reality is that you hung out with
so-and-so the other week or that you've
got these things planned in the days to
come
number three numbers are useful tools as
I'm using right now but don't let them
define you for example when getting
counseling I would sometimes be asked to
write a particular emotion or feel
on a scale of one to ten sound familiar
and it's helpful but these numbers don't
define me
in fact my emotions define the numbers
what I may deem to be seven out of 10
for happiness may be rated differently
by someone else it all comes down to
perspective derived from lived
experience number for comparison can be
the thief of joy
if you focus so much and what other
people have that you start to lose focus
with what you do remember
we are all on our own journeys and
number five when you look back on your
life you will remember the experiences
so fill your heart and mind with the
joys of experience and not with the
dread of numbers so tell me what are
your experiences with social media are
there ways that you use it to try and
improve your sense of well-being and be
honest have you ever found yourself
focusing perhaps a little too much on
numbers and other digital constructions
online let me know in the comments
section of this video please click the
like and share button and if you really
want to support my videos and help me
keep making them visit patreon.com
forward slash miles dive for more
information I have some really exciting
plans coming over the horizon but you
have to stay tuned for all that so take
care and I will see you on Thursday a DA
still next time
