hey everyone I've done quite a few
videos in the past about mainstream
media but in this video I'm going to cut
straight to the chase I understand there
are a lot of people out there who are
very overwhelmed by the amount of
information that is available online you
know there's that question of which
sources are reliable which news networks
do you trust so I'm going to give an
example which I feel will really explain
well my ethos of becoming your own
journalist let's take three countries
and three news networks that exist
within them so the BBC which is in the
UK CNN which is in the US and Russia
today which is in yes you guessed it
Russia who would have thought there are
a lot of people that wouldn't trust
these news networks because of agendas
that they may have whether it's to do
with the funding or the countries they
are a part of Russia today has ties with
the Kremlin in Russia BBC has ties with
the British government and CNN is a part
of America and possibly has ties within
the American government but for me it's
not a question about who is telling the
truth whenever you're looking at any
news network or information source it's
about what truths exist because if you
straight away just tarnish them with
it's all lies you may actually be
turning down decent information and with
these three news networks let's just
think about how they would act Russia
today would probably be more willing to
criticize stuff happening in the US and
in the UK than it would in its own
country same with BBC more willing to
criticize the US although that's
questionable and Russia as opposed to
the UK and with America morning to
question the UK and Russia then its own
country but that doesn't mean that you
should just write them off because if I
was to do it as a diagram it would be a
circle like an information war zone
what you do is you have all this
crossfire you know all these different
news networks you know targeting
pointing the finger at each other and
actually if you pick the shrapnel if we
use that metaphor the information
shrapnel off the ground in that circle
you will find that truth lies somewhere
in the middle and I just hope that
really makes sense because I know a lot
of people that write off news networks
even Fox News I will sometimes see stuff
on fox news I won't completely write it
off but I will look at it and go right
that's what they're saying by also know
what their agendas and political stances
are usually you know so you look at the
information and actually the background
of where is coming from and that's why I
say it's not about who is telling the
truth although it is partly that but
which truths are they telling we are
living in an information war zone right
now corporations trying to influence the
media to influence people especially
with the military the military
industrial complex is going on in the
world and also we've got government's
trying to censor the internet and
because they're very worried about the
free-flowing of information and
transparency so hopefully that made
sense and I'd be interested to hear your
thoughts on how you deal with mainstream
media thank you and a days till next
time
we just have to be realistic all news
networks have an agenda even the BBC
which claims to be impartial has an
agenda there has to be some who calls
the shots on what to report and what not
to report and by becoming our own
journalist we can be smarter than them
and I think that's why we live in very
exciting times people are wising up to
the traditional ways and realizing that
truth is what's important
