hey everyone I've not long been back
from California America where I went to
VidCon 2012 which is an annual online
video convention primarily about YouTube
and I just had a fantastic time as
always it's like a family reunion I get
to meet lots and lots of great people
people that I've grown up with on
YouTube and lots of new faces as well so
if there's anyone who's watching this
who I met it was fantastic meeting you
and I do sincerely mean that because I
didn't have any bad experiences like
usual when it comes to me in people off
YouTube and yeah I was there announcing
stick' 2012 on mainstage the talk I gave
and the announcement video is all online
so I will put links at the end of this
video please do check it out and share
it because it's a great cause so when I
am in America I've been going for about
six years now every summer since I
started making YouTube videos and I
don't really stay at hotels like I tend
to stay around the homes of people I
know through the internet and because I
find that if you stay in a hotel
anywhere in the world it's this it's a
similar generic experience but if you
stay with families you get a real sense
of the culture and I'm sure there's a
lot of people watching this going
America doesn't have culture which is a
probably a really bad impression forgive
me but it's because it's all about
perspective the same as a lot of
Americans won't accept that they do have
an accent they'll go on about how a
British people have an accent and every
year I go out there I lose my accent
more and more and I'm developing quite a
transatlantic accent and for me the
reason is this I could be in a
restaurant wanting a glass of water and
they won't understand what I asked for
sometimes they do but rarely and it's
just - I don't want to have to put lots
of effort in asking for a glass of water
so I say I say can I have a glass of
water glass of water and they understand
straight away and it's done and then as
soon as I get home I say things like
status
and not think of anything I'd say wider
as well and whatever and I say America
as well and it just gets more and more
heavily entrenched in my normal accent
and I'm kind of developing a
transatlantic one and a lot of people
were worried about it but for me I have
a theory of how accents work and so I
wanted to sort of pitch out there what
my theory is and I'd be interested to
hear your thoughts for me you have a
spectrum of accents at one side you have
the British accent which is very concise
that the vowels are very just to the
point so you say water is very done and
then on the other side of the spectrum
you have the American accent which is
water you you widen the vowels and the
widening of the vowels I say it's white
widened in a whiny way but not in a bad
way anyway you say whatever you seen on
a chair and I know I'm being quite
generic and possibly racist but um that
that's why that when people sing even
British people sing they tend to sound
American because when you sing you hang
on a note and therefore you're widening
those vowels hopefully that makes sense
and therefore the reason I think a lot
of people often from the States think
I'm Australian it's because I think the
Australian accent is is somewhere in
between and that's my theory on the
accidents and I'd be interested to hear
your thoughts
aluminum CI don't say that I still say
aluminium it's just aluminum's weird but
then you probably think Ella menu is
weird and I hear that you Americans
can't say maths you have to say math
because maths is too difficult but then
at the same time a lot of us British
people put an F instead of a th at the
end of a lot of our words or at the
beginning like the number three but I'm
really trying to defeat that bad habit
