hey everyone hope all is well I wanted
to discuss journalism today I mean when
you think of a journalist or a good
journalist what would you expect of them
just someone who reports the facts or
maybe puts an opinion to then generate
more opinions so a discussion can occur
well something I've become increasingly
aware of over the past few years is
citizen journalism and in particular
there's one organization we are change
which you can view on youtube links in
the description and the founder of that
organization Luke radowski forgive me if
I didn't pronounce that right I saw him
recently talked about citizen journalism
on Russia today and he defined it as
when an individual goes out there to ask
the right questions and effectively is a
journalist who does not have the
pressures of mainstream media or
therefore corporations that would say we
want to have this particular agenda and
we don't want to cover this but we want
to cover that and I found it interesting
and watching a lot of his stuff the guy
definitely has guts and I have huge
respect for what he does and many people
were like um and he's been following a
lot recently the Bilderberg meetings the
secret meetings that happen every year
in which over 100 of the world's most
powerful people get together secretly of
the books to discuss policies and of
course as you know what I think whenever
there are things done in secrecy it will
only lead to questions being asked which
can lead to speculation and that's just
opinions with no real backing or
evidence and conspiracies and all you
know conspiracies aren't always bad
there are people that make pretty decent
rational conspiracy theories and then of
course you get people that are a bit
more hysterical and watching Lee
krakowski Rakowski forgive me doing his
reporting on Bilderberg he went to an
event icon of which one it was but i'll
put the link in the description in which
he confronted tony blair and it's great
because this is an event where you have
very powerful p
who in the world get together and by
asking direct questions to them he
actually catches them off God and by
catching him off guard they respond and
actually give answers that you know
expose potential truth and with Tony
Blair's clip I was very impressed
although there was a segment in the
middle was wearing you enjoy pulling all
these people enjoy flowing all these
people with your new world order we know
your abomination of evil I know you care
nothing about these people you master
and I think that segment of the video
especially when I was showing it to
friends of mine that part put them off
as soon as I saw that they felt the need
to disregard the rest of the video in
the last couple of weeks and anyone
who's been following the Republican
nomination process to see who's going to
take on Barack Obama the following of
rompl for the Republican nomination has
been fascinating and he has a son Rand
Paul who came out and endorsed Mitt
Romney as the nominee and Luke decided
to go and find rampu and find out why he
had done this so when Rand Paul was
walking between two meetings again I'll
put the link in the description he was
following up the street asking the same
question again and again and he didn't
get a response Rampaul shrugged it off
and said well I'm going between meetings
and we can book an appointment which of
course makes a lot of people feel well
he's not gonna have an appointment
because he doesn't want to answer those
questions and it was interesting because
at that point and especially in the
second half of that video when Luke
teamed up with a friend of mine Abby
Martin who is a news anchor for Russia
today and is also the founder of media
roots which is a fantastic organization
I hugely recommend you checking out
gotta be me
walk up walk up behind them and just say
hey my name is Abby from meteor woods
one quick question as we want hey ran
Abby Martin from media roots I just want
to ask you one quick question um you
know your endorsement for Mitt Romney
people have a lot of questions about it
I just wanted to see your opinion on it
uh what do you think about all of ron
paul's followers and just your father's
movement catering to the establishment
that's shut you guys out for so long and
in that instance it reminded me of how
the paparazzi are with celebrities you
know they interrupt their daily routine
to try and get the inside scoop to me it
seems like a form of ambush journalism
because i think that really does sum up
what it is it's about catching them off
god and so the question becomes is it a
good thing or a bad thing and by that i
mean is it actually a constructive
process that is going to help society or
is it actually going to backfire and
cause more problems in the future i was
discussing it on my weekly show 376 live
on sunday and didn't really come to any
conclusions and I actually spoke about
it with abby martin who did approach
rampu and it was interesting to hear
what she had to say as well but I think
the good reasons for it actually come
down to the intention the intentions are
good it's to help society I think there
are two intentions behind it the first
one is intimidation it's to remind the
ruling class that the people know what's
going on yes the mainstream media may
not report certain issues but we want
you to know that when going to hold you
accountable that we are going to
challenge you on your words and your
actions so that is a good thing and the
second intention is of course what
journalism is all about it's to obtain
the truth because by confronting them
you are going to obtain if not the truth
but essences of the truth you know
you'll think I'll they acted in that way
that shows that they haven't been
truthful before because you can tell
from body language etc so if those are
the good intentions and if I've got it
wrong please do correct me the bad
aspects of it I think are actually the
repercussions of doing this form of
journalism so it's actually the same two
points so the bad reasons for doing it
is one intimidation by intimidating and
yes you're reminding them that the
people know what they're up to and
therefore it will actually push them
into taking actions so they don't have
to face that sort of journalism again
they will do more backroom meetings or
that they will move from place to place
more secretly with more security say
that they are less approachable and the
second reason was to obtain information
that obtained the truth well if you are
going to catch them off guard they don't
have to say anything and actually having
done psychology myself in criminology
although this may not be directly
related and if you are accused of doing
a crime which let's say you were
innocent of it has been proven that you
are better off saying nothing than
denying it even if you had you know
every reason to deny it it's actually
better in public opinion to say nothing
so in that sort of way you can kind of
sympathize with why politicians who are
being challenged in that sense may not
want to say anything I guess what I'm
trying to say is I believe that citizen
journalism definitely needs to happen we
need to keep hounding down the ruling
class and letting him know that the
people do care and do want to hold them
accountable but I feel that if we don't
have another plan running parallel with
this you're actually going to be driving
these elite people into more and more
secrecy which leads to more speculation
and it leads to more conspiracies and
more confusion among you know public
opinion to be made so with this video I
guess that is my conclusion I
with ambush journalism if we are to go
with that phrase um I completely
understand why we are change of doing
what they do and actually I like a lot
of what they've done but I kind of just
want to know what the end goal is is the
end goal to just obtain the truth and
therefore is chasing these politicians
the best way of getting the truth and of
course there's a lot of you know i am
setting up the universal solutions
project and i don't think it's an
either/or thing I think in society we
need people going out there being
citizen journalists helping report on
the people that have the power but at
the same time I think the real truth
that we need to get out there are
explanations of what the problems are in
society and what are the solutions based
on science and research and not
political opinion so I just wanted to
end on that thought I don't have an
answer
I appreciate with a video like this it's
going to attract a lot of supporters and
haters of we are change and this isn't
about people with their own minds made
up already come here and like and
dislike the video accordingly I actually
want to discussion because as I've
already said i don't really know the
answer this question and i know the
intentions are good but my question is
about the end goal and whether what
you're trying to stop and defeat I a
secrecy is that actually going to be
perpetuated by your very actions thank
you oh yes the next time
