hi everyone I am on the tour bus with
mr. Burton C Bell from Fear Factory it
was a year and a half ago that we did an
interview or you didn't it it is a we
did the interview at Bristol yeah it was
on yeah yeah it was that's exactly where
it was it was a snowy day in Bristol
because before Christmas I remember
we're walking around Bristol that day we
went into the Bristol Cathedral and the
choir was rehearsing there oh yeah a
Christmas pageant and I recorded it a
little video I was wicked I was awesome
and we we spoke about inspiration that's
all put in some context of like how we
know each other and that and it got good
response by thought which do you want in
video format yeah but you've just been
pushing the new album the industrialists
which is about an automaton is that is
out at our time there has become
sentient
yes through experience and accumulating
memories so it's a concept album it's a
full story full story for story there's
first conceptual folks in school the
first concept album we've read since
1998 obsolete record is the first story
I've written since then that actually
released yeah did write something
four-digit mortal but I never put it out
I wasn't happy about that already yeah
Connie in jazz it up and be happy of it
and then put out or his excitement is
done and I saw I have the writing zone
yeah but I just you know one was it was
a little too close to the matrix yeah
yeah it was a cook on site it was about
digital mortality like important you
could download your memories onto chips
or and to technology and does that
become you yeah and that's what great
you know that's what Ray Kurzweil talks
about these days yes it's bug the
singularity yeah if you haven't seen a
documentary by Ray Kurzweil called the
transcendent man yeah I suggest you see
a wicked well I was gonna do a video in
the next couple weeks about existence
just some ideas that came to mind by
thought based on the concept especially
of the industrialist as well about you
know gaining memories and having the
will develop in the will to live and and
therefore take control of your own life
I do actual we should have it's a very
it's a very human quality yeah
survival nothing exactly what is as a
human or as a primal because even
animals have
as the the urge to survive yes
so is it human is it earth-like is it
primal how would you define existence
like what what is existence to you is
existence
question existence is living a life yet
and to be conscious of it consciously
living good is a rock does a rock exists
yes there was a rock conscious well it
exists because we're wearing this so
that's the consciousness so it's all
consciousness it's a rock you have
consciousness 9 do we know that I don't
really speak too many rock where have
you spoken to a rock no but we're
comprised of the same material yeah bro
from the same we all have the same
energy
yeah through us that's very true we all
have the same atoms and electrons
flying through our bodies the same
moment as they do definitely so my guess
is that rocks don't have consciousness
yeah yeah if it is it's on a very low
good City yet level yeah night for sure
but machines the question is can a
machine be conscious I've a mission they
call it artificial so I was gonna ask
you about it you probably stopped before
he was they call it art they call it
artificial intelligence but it's an
artificial one of machine things for
itself
that's artificial well it's the thing
the question becomes about freewill and
whether we have it and the argument is
we don't have it it's just there are so
many variables that we process we assume
it's free will but actually retard free
will
yeah and and in say so as human beings
retire free will so we we an intern
program machines free will
yeah yeah yeah but that's why I mean as
as machines become more complicated and
they have more information they will
become a point where it's so complicated
that we're not aware of the calculations
it's making and thus will therefore
label it as free will free will I think
is when you can add a value to the
amount of information being calculated
because because technically all humans
do is predictable if we had the
technology to calculate it true but
because we don't you probably call it
free well yeah cool umm the weird thing
I have about existence is I've always
explained it like as if I had a mask and
looking out through my eyes like on this
world I exist right now I could only be
sure of my own existence everyone else
I'm sure exists but I'm only looking out
of my eyes and it's why is it is today
and the example I give to explain it
which sounds a bit weird and wrong you
shouldn't think about your parents
having sex but but but the point is this
right
hey Paul walked in our Paris is this
true let's keep this toy for Albert
let's keep that home bro just get a
highbrow conversation right it was only
good okay this way my point was this was
I was born into this well when I was if
my parents hadn't have conceived me when
they did and had sex a week later and
conceived a child would I have become
that child and the answer well we don't
know but I'm assuming not so my question
they had become what combination of
consciousness has made it so I'm aware
in this world either way it's gonna be
you think so I say so another of
examples teleportation okay yeah your
parents heads shared parents had could
see if you conceive a week later as you
have the week that you guys can see yeah
whatever you yes I'm living here because
you came from
the pair the the product that comes from
your parents yes was one entity
adhi no matter what it is it's still you
yeah but no matter where you are no
matter where you go there you are
well I guess I think of consciousness is
like the spark light is at the soul it's
it's more than what's physically there
so like consciousness is just the
collection of information communicating
with itself and so the reason I brought
up teleportation that they say
teleportation as possible as fast but
what it what it does it doesn't usually
argue it destroys you yeah yeah we
talked about this last night
does it destroys you and then rebuilds
you but if it's rebuilding you at the
other side with all the brain cells of
your atoms will you consciously shift
the other side or will it be someone
else who is then going oh my am me
cousin
well the question should be can the soul
be transferred can consciousness you
transfer it does it have is there a
validity could to consciousness like
atoms yes or is it just an energy that's
it right so so what's the different it
is the so unconsciousness sarahfey or
consciousness to be is yeah because
that's what I think because that was
to me that's what drives this organic
machine that we live yes this is this
here as a vessel yeah
eyes nose mouth hair yet arms system
vessel yeah
doesn't whatever is driving this vessel
is something beyond organism yeah an
organic it is an energy field that has
not been
calculated
people call the soul whatever it is it's
an energy
it's a consciousness I think that energy
that creates a consciousness that makes
us yes I am you know I am because I am
therefore I am yes
there is no reasoning to it none will
there be the reasoning to it who knows
we were you know as soon as you were
born
you were you were you
you were there already you already
started creating memories yes there was
an energy there right then and there
boy I'm wondering if again it's going
back I don't have to explain I don't if
anyone watching the video we're looking
out my eyes from this first-person
perspective would I be doing that from
this if it was a week later that but I
don't think it would be I think it would
be it wouldn't be I wouldn't be feeling
like that Gigi do you know what so it's
essential yeah yeah who knows I mean
what is the energy that drives yeah it's
like it's an electrical impulse
yeah our bodies are made of alleged it's
an electrical impulse it creates our
brain sinuses drives our heart to be yes
electrical impulses that moves our
muscles
whatever it is it's an energy that's
flowing throughout the entire universe
yes
Electrical there's to go onto another
tangent there is a theory that the
universe is a plasma universe right it's
not dead space it's plasma yeah it's all
electricity
like a liquid yeah that which might be
part of the Dark Matter theory
but it's all I'm gonna say liquid but
it's there's a matter there that is
sustaining life in this universe yeah
keeping it a congeal piece yeah moving
together
whatever it is there's energy moving
through it right now through me through
you this very second through you through
you
and there's a consciousness part of it
yeah and that's it can't be explained
and I think it makes interesting that
it's a bit of a tangent is you know when
it comes to philosophy and religion is a
lot I remember the chaplain at my
secondary school making a speech about
how atheists I'm not an atheist on
agnostic but the fact that atheists
can't have morality because there's no
consequence in the afterlife and there's
no reasoning to do good but my argument
is well there is because people who do
science say we are or one because we are
from the same universe and and it comes
down to empathy you know three others
you'd like to be treated it's in all
religions and that and it's because we
are all the same we're from the same but
made interesting stuff we're a bit we're
all made of starstuff they're all saying
it that's it yet we're all made of stars
- the same thing they comprise the Sun
comprises your finger yeah
the
this area's you know yeah 80s will not
have afterlife yeah
no one really is gonna have afterlife
because
yes when this vessel dies where it
ceases to exist
the energy is going to continue
somewhere else yeah physical science
proves that energy is constant yet this
energy that drives this consciousness
yet it's not just gonna disappear it's
going somewhere it's gonna it's going
into the ether of the universe yeah you
know maybe there's a cool
when religion talks about
I don't believe right but they're the
main thought the main theory of it
there's something true about it
right there's mine it's not a heaven
well it's not an afterlife it's just a
different continuation of life right
well they they believe that the example
I always give all the point I make is
you know when you go into a heavy sleep
a split second you wake up
my point is that if there is anything
that happens after you die you will you
will know in a split second because if
it's ten thousand years or fifty
thousand years or a year that you wake
up somewhere else or conscious somewhere
else it will happen in a split second
and if nothing happens
technically you know in a split second
do I mean so I don't think there's
anything to be scared of you know in
that why should be is it's it's the one
because life so wonderful I want to
leave it now it's the one thing that is
inevitable yeah and certain yeah in life
that everyone
it's going to experience tonight and no
one knows where it goes no one knows
where it goes yeah there's there's no
proof of anything beyond death
there's only theory yeah but I like my
theory yeah no it's good
well it's cool chatting about this I
just like having these the chats I just
wanted to do it on video and share it I
another world miles good tangent yeah
that's what it's about when you have
conversations and burn it's a pleasure
as always
miles operator on with us December right
you're back do you know what date is
starts I know it was while the Torah
Torah starts in November right we're
co-headlining with Devin Townsend
Project yeah mostly in European
we're here in the UK yeah there's four
or five dates as a few yeah
Jenny anyone who's free in December you
know check out v battery stuff and come
and talk because it's music with meaning
and it's a good good fun
and get yourself on primarily and that's
we found yourself which I think we
surprised people I mean it looks you are
intellect you wouldn't do otherwise
yeah and I enjoy the first moors of
course and I was into 80s pop music dry
and around all that and then I was dizzy
more where they go yeah yeah and might
be a few of you don't know what's your
best day definitely but um yeah thanks
man welcome wicked Adi I used to next
time can you say that is until next time
thank you she's but brilliant
