hey everyone are miles and with me today
hello my name is Jade tonight we went to
see Prometheus the new movie by Ridley
Scott it was the first time I'd seen it
you saw it yesterday the second time
that I've seen it so the first time in
normal second time now in 3d yeah if
you've not seen the movie yet stop this
video go check it and then come back and
we don't want to spoil it we don't want
spoilers spoilers alert and then even
you know seeing reviews the less you
know about the movie before you see it
the better I at was actually invited to
a 20 minute screening of the movie we've
released gotten some of the cast in
London being sung who's not a huge fan
of 3d seeing it on this huge screen um
it just blew my mind and I was actually
gonna make a video about that about my
excitement but then I thought I'll wait
until I've actually seen the movie and
have sinus substance and you're a big
Ridley Scott phone massive Ridley Scott
fire and alien Blade Runner do idea who
doesn't like Ridley Scott don't watch
the video if don't like mr. Scott what I
don't think it's only for Ridley Scott
phones no it's not that is the thing
prometheus is a film that you can watch
just being a sci-fi fan just being a
film fan really you don't have to really
watch alien to appreciate Prometheus
that is what I believe but alien is just
going to make the experience better
therefore makes for anyone he doesn't
know this is a it me started off as a
prequel what actually happened was
Ridley Scott went to Fox before it even
got commissioned and he'd already
designed sort of the ship layout and the
suits they were wearing because he's
just very full on and he then gave the
script to two writers one of which was
Damon Lindelof he did lost and we are
both huge loss fans the reason why is
because it's for me the metaphor of why
we here and sort of the meaning of life
in out you know anybody knows me I'm
pretty intense I love films that are
about the bigger picture the search for
answers of the world's biggest questions
and it was all about that I kind of saw
a lot of religious connections within
the film from watching it a second time
it's not a massive theme of the film
it's only kind of there if you look for
it she mentions about wearing her
still believing in her religious use
which i think is quite interesting
considering as a sci-fi and film which
usually goes against religion definitely
these are ancient civilizations that
were separated by centuries and yet this
same pictogram was discovered in every
one of them you're smiling I think they
want us to cover fine we're all here
because of Matthew two kids found in a
cave not summer an invitation for moon I
was really hyped up about the movie the
trailers just make you really excited
and it was only going to disappoint
people that have that much excitement
and actually waiting for the reviews to
come out that knocked it a bit you know
said there were issues there were plot
holes and stuff like that it was
visually good but the script was flawed
some people saying i mean i'm glad i
read those reviews because they
downplayed my expectation i did a video
recently called a drop in the ocean
which is about how we on the grand scale
how long the planets being here yeah we
haven't been here very long at all and i
got quite depressed thinking about how
much technology is changing at the
moment and like we can probably
understand what we're going to develop
in the future that we're probably not
gonna be around to see it and that kind
of saddens me like i don't want to leave
this life until you have all the answers
and like lost that's what it was about
really you know when lost ended there
were still questions when you had
answers there were more questions yeah i
mean it's a pretty cool but it also
needs it open for another film if you
want to imagine that i mean i will
possibly want them to do that are they
are they already said they are with that
damon lindelof said when he wrote the
script that and when you do a prequel
you know how it's gonna add but he says
that you write prometheus like if alien
was said you write a 2 y yes so that
there's a gang going back to like lost
its the whole point when the series was
over that's kind of like your life sober
no still questions later it's really
wait cuz i got really sucked into lost i
was a bit of a losing with lawson at the
end ask you what was his full name Peter
Wayland played by Guy Pearce who is the
one that funded the X
mission and it turns out that he was on
the ship they were cryogenically frozen
went on this ship because they had to go
like was at two and a half years and he
said that he only had a few days to live
anyways so he wanted to be cryogenically
frozen until this exhibition happened
for him to meet his maker and it goes
back to what I was saying about we have
such a short time on this planet are we
ever going to be satisfied because the
conclusion the movie was it doesn't
matter if you found out who created
humans cuz he punched him in the face
you find out who created us but then who
created them that's why she keeps her
religious beliefs because you came from
them she obviously is religious person
believes in God there were a lot of
criticisms about the movie plot holes
and I didn't really find that many plot
holes the one thing that bothered me was
near the end was as the shit was
crashing the two main characters are
running away from ale and it was a thin
ship falling that way and they kept
running that way they always run
forwards yeah but they're not crabs yeah
I know they should have run out the way
but but saying that if I was to give it
plausibility in moments of panic the
rational thinking you just guys are
gonna be a little bit of disappointed
not much naked II charlize theron I'm
sorry really hot guy so that's probably
gonna be a bad thing for the guys i love
new me i didn't meet her why was there
unless she's so lovely yeah accent I
think he kind of stoked for a little bit
talk sir i was there i know i was
invited any rumors of me following up
doors are completely wrong michael
fassbender replayed david the android
was awesome he was amazing a lot of my
friends who've gone to sea in a being
disappointed i think it's just because
they're expecting something that gives
answers to alien because it's about a
space jockey and it was actually weird
because when i watched the movie
straight away like i ripped for oh we're
not going to see much of the space
jockeys and then when they examine the
head and it realized to be a helmet I
was kind of disappointed thinking I this
thing is gonna be an alien creature but
then by the end of it I was like
actually no this is this is amazing the
thing i will say about the movie in
conclusion is it's a future classic
and what I think always happens with
movies that go down in history is
awesome movies and there's always new
ones that do really well as soon as they
come out but it's ones that especially
in sci-fi and horror they always get
slighted like donnie darko rotten
tomatoes if you go on that website where
they take all the reviews in the world
and put it in a blender donnie darko got
slated when it first came out and then
when people saw it was a cult following
and people started realizing oh it's a
film you watch again and again yes yeah
I mean I do think it is going to be one
of those films like tiger depending on
you say like this thing is one of those
films for me that an old classic I do
it's gonna be a film that interesting is
time you're gonna have people younger
than you maybe your kids or anything
gonna be like watching prometheus such a
good food over like so that when I was
like 20 well you mean you look at things
like alien that was like 30 years ago
you always look at classic films you
know I wonder what it would be like to
watch it then but now this could be one
of those men I do wonder like if I Lin
fans will be disappointed I think if
you're expecting it to be an alien movie
alien fans are going to be disappointed
by that because I'm massive in fact no
no I'm saying I love the fact yeah it's
open to everyone I'm saying alien fans
who are disappointing is because they're
expecting like it to be completely about
and it is its own movie like music but
for me there are two types of albums
there are ones that you get them
straight away and you love it because
they're obvious singles on the album and
then you've got ones that take a while
to grow on you and like you have to let
it soak in corrales yeah the film's I
love and the shows i love the music club
is always about humanity and it's stuff
that just asks the bigger questions
because i was watching site this is a
bit of a digression but Neil Tyson he's
an astrophysicist okay he says the
amount of money that has been spent in
the history of NASA is less than the
bank bailout they recently done yeah and
he says the fact they're cutting back
the space programs is a joke because
they haven't got their priorities right
and he said that decades ago people in
the world started dreaming about the
world of tomorrow like we could go into
space we can see new planets and because
we're cutting all that back now yeah you
were just dreaming about getting a
promotion or doing another spreadsheet
Prometheus the years of 2009 I think
93 yes I know that but but this movie
makes me want us to go into space I want
to go they found planets are inhabitable
yeah out there out there right now there
are possibly people or creatures out
there that are as intelligent as or more
intelligent than we are asking the same
questions and it goes back if you
haven't seen my video i will put a link
here somewhere to my a drop in the ocean
because there's a clip at the end of
that video where it zooms out of earth
and shows you how big the universities
and it you just have to go we have to
travel space am I being a geek or I'm
into it I think I'd love to go I just
don't think I'm rich enough to get one
of those golden tickets that's it well
recently they were talking about if
there was ever a journey to Mars to
colonize it it would be a one-way trip
and would you want to be one of those
people because I said it was like death
which is actually something was brought
up in Prometheus this is why she they
didn't say this and I thought they were
going to quote lost which is this place
is death it's like if you left when an
exhibition he weren't coming back um
that's quite terrifying I think it would
depend on emotionally where you are in
your life because it is good point cuz
it was it was the same with an Wayland
wasn't it he was he was in his last days
of life and before he dies yes he wants
to meet his creator say I think in
conclusion of this movie it's white
Donnie Darko does well people that
review the movie for its what it is are
people that come out like we're doing
now except we've kind of gone to the
next stage which is discussing the
issues and just talking about this stuff
but it's what this is what fit that is
what makes film ticket and art yeah oh
is what causes discussion and look at
the bigger picture and the fact that an
epic sci-fi with all these cool graphics
by the way the intro he said it's going
good my boy I kind of whispered mother I
was wondering if the try had given too
much away but when ya when stuff happens
when she went in that chamber to get the
baby the fetus removed I'd seen in the
trailer when you pause it you see this
thing floating above
and actually what I thought the ending
was going to be before I'd seen it was
that she was going to be used to create
the first denim wolf which is the alien
yeah and it did happen but indirectly
when I was connecting the trailer and
was seen there to what was happening in
the movie and knew what was coming yes
it's sports it a bit but it was in a
completely different context I think
average ratings are like eighty percent
and I think that's a fair review but for
me on a personal level it's way beyond
because it connects with what sort of
stage i'm in my life at the moment
favorite films are things that make me
go out go home and leave me buzzing we
were like thoughts why not have a little
think about life is good the other thing
I'd say is I wish I'd seen it in the
imax because when i saw the 20 minute
preview it was also because ridley scott
was there they put it on this huge
screen and I was completely immersed and
like that when it did the shot of it
rotating in space around the shit the
sound of the engine roaring was
completely immersive yeah as a where we
saw it today the free d was okay but it
wasn't as immersive and i could go and
see again for that think of what about
man maybe I wasn't very impressed by the
trailer that night I was impressed by
the original trailer that one it was
kind of just tell miles that you should
be really excited about math but I isn't
that good thing I'm not because then I'm
all I need to be impressed when it's
think the best thing possible is that
just how few expectations crushed isn't
that they say about life they say
whenever you're going through anything
expect the worst possible outcome and
realize that me better than that'll be a
little leaving quote today cheers to
Prometheus to Ridley Scott all the cast
and crew good job yes why saying the
stakes good job job so I miles been
joined by my friend Jade hello can we
say adios to next time Elias to next
time
just done this entire talk about
prometheus and when driving home from
watching it there was like one major
part in the film i want to talk about
i'm having to edit at the end well I
really loved and I thought was one the
most profound moments of the film was
when Elizabeth Shaw met one of the space
jockeys homemaker and it was all about
Wayland asking the questions because he
had a few days left and she kept
interrupting saying why have you done
this why he done that why you got some
of us killed yeah and in that moment she
was effectively like that was a metaphor
of what people like on planet Earth you
know when people say how could you
believe in God when He allows bad things
to happen yeah like family which is the
main argument of our religion yeah when
it comes down to the questions that
matter if we ever found our Creator
that's what people would ask is why did
you abandon us or why are you trying to
destroy our they're bad things yeah and
the truth is it was probably out of
their control yeah yeah
