do you know what this is yet a drumstick
and you know I use it for no not for
drumming but for this yeah the camera
because i'm at a distance and although i
have this little device it's good for
zooming in and out and for recording and
turning the camera off but when I want
to do white balance or focus or change
the contrast I have to reach and with
touch screen I can adjust it so there
you go little tip there for all you were
video because it feels good to be just
blogging I feel like I haven't done this
for a long time I guess I feel like I
just don't let you into my life enough I
talked about you know the issues that
matter to me but do you really know much
about Who I am as a person as of may
27th this year i had hit six years on
youtube which is such a long time and i
guess it just gave me a chance to
reflect because when i started doing
youtube I was a lot more fun I guess I
was more about comedy and just being
crazy and immature if you haven't seen
the first ever video I've done dude
check it out it's just interesting to
see how far I've come and I thought
maybe I need to just sort of like
lighten up a bit and actually just not
worried about is my next video really
gonna send a strong message but just I
say be myself I've always been myself
but I guess just let go it was just
something I talk about my video is quite
a lot and it's something we should all
try I mean I've always been having a
good time just I could be having a
better time especially on this channel
so here's an idea right there have been
many stories I've told in the past many
issues I've talked about that have never
actually made it onto YouTube I've
mentioned them in other forms may be in
person or on various other websites um
and I don't see why I can't make videos
about those sort of things so if there's
something I've mentioned before that
hasn't been made into a youtube video
and you'd like me to make a video on it
just post it in the comments and I will
make a conscious effort to do video
blogging more often so whether you want
to hear the story about when I was held
at gunpoint in LA you want to know about
teleport
tation or want to hear about lots of
crazy characters I've met in life um put
it in the comments below or as a video
response and I will get right to it and
I guess we'll see how it goes oh and if
there are any more comments about my
hair I'm getting it cut soon don't worry
it's actually amazing how much hair can
change the way you look cause like when
I straighten my hair I look a lot
different and when i shaved i look a lot
different to don't believe me there we
go me with a little little less hair so
when people say I should get a haircut
they take that back because if so i
guess the drinks on me oh yes the next
time look forward to seeing your
questions and topics for discussion in
the comments below ok and I'm going to
turn it off with the drumstick how about
that
