perception is such a brilliant thing it
allows us to take vast quantities of
information from this complex world and
to make sense of it we have an
incredible ability to perceive space and
time on so many levels when it comes to
space we have tools that allow us to
look beyond our skies you know to
observe stars that are millions of
light-years away and then we can use
microscopes to identify objects too
small for the naked eye however these
sort of things rarely cross people's
minds instead they keep their heads down
doing whatever they can to ensure that
their immediate environment is secure
now let's consider time although we live
in the present there are two other
aspects of time we also perceive we can
look back at our past and towards our
potential future however most people are
too caught up living in the moment and
consequently societies are a reflection
of this I mean with history surely we
should be learning from the past and
with foresight we should be investing
into the future but this is rarely the
case for the human race because when we
live in a system where one person's gain
is another person's loss we are
encouraged to focus on protecting
ourselves our personal space second by
second meter by meter and so the average
lifestyle of a human being is to clock
in do your time clock out and then try
and relax before your next shift but
surely there's more to life than this
with all the space yet to be explored
and all the generations yet to be born
there needs to be unity amongst the
human race so what would it take for the
world to become one what is it that we
all have in common well first we have to
reflect on things internally so tell me
what do you want from life I've been
thinking about this a lot lately about
how our existences individually are just
a drop in the ocean in terms of both
space and time I mean we live for 80
years if we're lucky living on a
gigantic rock that is floating through
this massive black void for me the
meaning of life is legacy creating
something that will outlive yourself to
leave behind something that will improve
the space you once stood on and
something that will enrich the lives on
those that exist in
the follows so with all that in mind
what do you think it will take for the
masses to truly wake up to be conscious
of what is really going on in the world
to understand that we are living on a
finite planet and our actions now will
have significant consequences for the
future think about it let's say you
drive a car and every day you decide to
go a bit faster because you want to get
to where you want to go quicker all it
takes is for that one moment where you
have a negative impact on someone else
you have a car crash you have an
accident and then you are shaken up
you're like oh I had no idea that my
behavior could have such an occurrence
on other people and it's only when that
negative thing happens that you would
change your way so where am I going with
this well on a global scale does it
really require a global catastrophe for
the human race to change its ways for
the better in the long run I don't think
so and you know why because we have
perception remember it allows us to take
in vast quantities of information from
this complex world and to make sense of
it and that is exactly why i believe
information should be made readily
available to us all no secrets full
transparency because by increasing the
education and thus awareness of a global
population human beings individually
will make better decisions and therefore
so will the societies that they live in
so let me leave you with two questions
to think about one what matters to you
right now and to what are you going to
do about it
