hey when you were a little different
pretend have sex off like inanimate
objects like had a pillow kinda
pretended it was like a vagina and I was
like having sex with it you know when I
was little I saw this on Twitter right I
think I've learned how to fool the app
if you guess the cup you get to keep it
inside I really really like that trick
so I wanted to try it again but this
time instead of putting cash in the cups
I put a two keys to a couple brand-new
BMWs I have these three tops
and I have this crisp $100 bill point to
the cup in which you think $100 in now
you can keep what's under the k√∂ppen
take this one I think so Wow really
lucky dumbass you want to be President
one day
no I wanna I wanna like make the
president I want to be the president's
president hey what do you mean you are
be the president's president make the
president do what I say that's a
terrorist just got a text from this guy
from tinder and she hasn't talked to him
in a while we're going through her old
messages with him he says hi this is the
first thing I ever said to her and she
says hi just relaxing then he sends her
a noon with his penis and then she goes
mmm sexy daddy
and then because is baby thirsty so
thirsty for sucking her thumb good baby
has baby gotten any milk lately
Greece is another ticket he goes show
daddy baby's little wet come home I
can't right now busy good but give me
ten minutes you two are here because
you've a surprise for me yeah yeah and I
need to leave the house for an hour -
it's gonna be good it's good it's a good
surprise Jonah came up with it he didn't
have enough money to execute it so you
called me would you want the surprise in
your house No so it's not a new Ferrari
oh my god I feel terrible I feel so
premium into Natalie's room oh my god
incoming incoming this is bad this is
bad this is really bad you just grew up
the steps up the staff what does it
smell you awesome
let's get him out of here before they
poop what do you mean Oh technically
this is my room so it's kind of okay
partying at
please please please please please off
the couch guys the sheep are finally
enjoying themselves outside eating some
grass it looks like you're vlogging in
Slovakia
