right now is there a baby in there I
took a nap at Trish's house and I woke
up to choose futures of fighting okay
babe 420 million views because this is
fucking it there you go
it's right there you're gonna have the
best video tomorrow because I am fucking
done holy shit blah let's take it puts
up with this shit jason has Trish's bag
because she's sleeping over at his place
tonight that's gonna be a girlfriend
again
no ask Trisha will you be my girlfriend
again you so fucking precious why are
you going to a party the cops came so
instead I got some quick interviews and
sing your song
think about how to be my assistant I
supposed to be I'm Timmy Turner and
these are my fear Leon Logan pause is a
serious interview before you say
anything okay I should have won that
fight don't say that to me David I just
kick your ass in the ring oh my god
bella thorne chats what do you guys have
to say about Belle's party to cancel
what is to say the girls that want to be
like you when they grow up not allies
are single are you gonna try to hook up
with her tonight her ex-boyfriend that's
cool
leftovers face
fuck Jonah looking for a suspect and a
black t-shirt black sneakers suspects
coming we got to blend in I totally cut
this old lady bitch how many people have
you slept with Karina maybe around 20 no
not just DJ what are you making sure
it's fucking camera it's okay for little
kids oh my god this is my that was my
thumbnail what should i title this video
with this thumbnail so if he's gonna
shoot a flaming bow and arrow and try to
hit a pumpkin off my head have you ever
done this before
no oh my god the katniss everdeen in the
fire oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my
god oh my god oh my god oh my god
you fucking die
they say what are you supposed to be for
Halloween I'm like oh you know David's
friend
