how much how much how much good for 40
bucks per person do y sorry do all you
know I'll suck both you guys off for 40
bucks how do we ask about weed holy cow
you already carved the pumpkin how'd you
make it look like Jonah you thank you
very thank you what do you think he
vibrates my dollhouse shake things up a
little bit give a doll house yes we're
here I know that joke was really
disgusting but Karina was busy today and
we weren't able to get ahold of you
believe that you're gonna be a comedian
one day right it's amazing he probably
still thinks Santa Claus is real there's
guys Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Jonah's
Church lines too long we just got the
can it for today okay we got doughnuts
the model we can't do it I'll take route
B What's Wrong Joe no Joe
Oh
to a tune it's December you wanna help
me decorate Christmas tree let's go
I love you hi guys just get outta here
we don't need this stop them sorry just
turning to begin boxer sound work you
John let's let's just get out of here
this is stupid my Nutcracker Alex no
tuna big fast holy shit you better watch
out now al
janek's you like to subscribe to be out
there over yes well what you're the
first black guy to be in the outro thank
you so much David this means so much to
me and my family who don't even know I
finally go back home to my mom
no I'm with the Nature Valley ones write
down that nature bow right down there
let's see they are babe do you want the
old fights yeah go right down there low
with the clusters sorry about that
an appropriate fit it was hard to get a
hold of coordinates
