yeah what are you supposed to be the one
do you want to be double sit on the hall
are you a devil
they must be feeding the angels good up
there huh what's up guys visiting from
Chicago good morning this is the lowest
of the low
oh I know the bid I literally know what
you guys are gonna do
so if he's gonna try to shoot the
handcuff off in three two one fire the
arrow where the arrow bounce off to dad
damn it it's dark out right now Billy
and Bhima are still in handcuffs why are
you so angry Deema take your boxers off
throw them over what's your problem
you smoke weed no you have Nellie's
shoes on you're gonna tell you later now
they're drinks too much so he tipped his
hand and demon doesn't drink enough
we clog the toilet that's fuckin great
we need to know we're 13 hours plus with
the handcuffs overall experience hey
we're in the bathroom and demos peed all
over guys FEMA is throwing up from the
side of my car it looks really cool if
the fire department can't help us then I
don't think anyone can ring for service
this is stupid
you made me fail thank you guys so much
oh my god oh my god was a fucking ordeal
Dima what's one lesson you learn from
all this
why don't he sprays me and Jason with
stuff like this like that my dream come
true
