told me we made it like being nothing
but a rebel in a dream Beach look at
this bro we start at the bottom together
now we're at the top of the hill top of
the hill in your house and you're ten
years younger the way to go guys
except scooter haven't seen you in a
while what I've given up - what's new in
your life
you're listening to your own album dude
I'm trying to learn my feels huge now I
feels big ok - see honestly I think it's
gotten bigger since I met him last year
a hundred percent like I'm not even
joking penises are shrinking could you
cut it to about 90 I'm gonna jump out
we've known each other for the longest
out of anybody in this group how is
Corinna changed since we've known are
told me stories of you slept with
everyone in magcon everyone in fucking
team 10 everyone at fucking class nobody
in chief Chen and nobody in Col house I
can't not old print it back the slutty
colonel yeah you know you gotta stick to
your character you think I like being an
idiot no I don't think that's a
character to get into frat parties
dressed as girls I actually would hook
up with you
it was like 85% of the girls you hook up
with
I appreciate what you do for my videos
as much as the next thing in my cars and
the nicest very pretty thank you that's
really nice I'm seeing someone
okay Tonica it's fucking tonic it's
really dark but they're right up there
no what happened need a student ID you
motherfucker see the ID then Iowa I and
this girl looks me dead in the eye and
she goes oh my god is that Jason now she
goes oh sorry being kicked out again
god dammit so what is it what happened I
was like yo man we're just trying to
keep it cool tonight what the other
friend say I'm like it just totally
changed my voice is like busy no hey my
friend wants to fuck you yeah you come
here alone I'm Donna Demonica I've been
trying to get someone to really know me
better you know no my whole body my soul
and body Earth Wind & Fire it makes me
feel like there's an earthquake
happening just fucking make out of them
already
Jax would you ever do a sex tape if your
career needed the saving fuck no and it
does would you say you're good at sex
yeah of course really yeah like the best
I'm pretty fucking good so if I asked
your wife she'd be like yeah he's great
I don't think you need to ask my right
because she's not available right now
is your wife the best person you've ever
had sex with yes god I feel like Heath
hasn't been the same since he's given up
drugs what are you talking about no I
haven't given up drugs I missed all he
the doing blow you have you been
listening to Scotts new music Scott she
literally bought your entire album
you're the one Suzy to creep me out so
I'm leaving
can we just like not film I'm actually
not that I mean that's something having
fun
