we're here with Jonah we're finally
gonna get to meet his family if my dad
doesn't really like you doesn't like me
doesn't make the way you Frank what do
you hunt okay no more questions how do
you feel about Jonah's room being so
dirty every day I clean five times I
tired my right jokes you want to be when
you it's nothing as Nick have girls over
does he do it yeah that's awesome good
for you you want to see it one time
before I die
friends it's cool no not really like a
hundred people to my birthday yeah so it
was literally nobody that came not even
one person one girl came she gave me a
present
she's like I'm getting the fuck out of
you hahaha you smoke weed yeah of course
Jase is making pasta and this is how he
checks is the Parmesan cheese is good he
licks his finger this is what he does he
goes like that and they put this figure
in Alexis who does that it's not your
promise on cheese we are
the fact that I saw you do that I can't
imagine what you do behind closed doors
probably stick your cock into this oh
yeah try not to look so black because
we're picking up you drive over black
people that's fuckin simple math you can
put this on the vlog I'm fucking liberal
dude I fucking vote for Mac Peking is
crying you're going in a $160,000 car
into a bad neighborhood you're gonna
have the black I Drive are you gonna
have the white guy drive to buy drugs
what you gonna do come on Jonah can take
punches really well I'm not punching
Jonah no fuck it
this is for all the black people three
two one go on top of Jonah it's that
goes let me know if you need me to jump
in that's vodka crossing Darby makes you
like and subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik guys once again our podcast is
gonna be linked in the description below
we have a new episode out and Charlie
has a little message forever yes she
does
I'm 16 oh my god
