you keep messing with me you keep
fucking with all of us I'm gonna make a
phone call I'll call immigration what
are you gonna do from immigration I'm
gonna tell him you're here and you're
gonna be gone I haven't come get you
they're gonna have immigration
department yeah right so you better do
everything we say like for example put
me in the entire vlog today all right go
ahead and call immigration next-level
shit breakdown we're coming back from a
party we're probably the first ones to
decide to leave and I have to pull Jason
out cuz he was having too much of a good
time
fucking thank God for David pulled me
out fucked up today cuz you told me to
get fucked up to show me a good time
there was there was the coke in this
pocket that shows you a good time he's
friend the coke in his pocket yeah yeah
I'm gonna remove him with him and get a
roommate with him who are you moving the
coca tea spot you're gonna be okay yeah
I'll be great I'm gonna tell my kids so
you came here cuz you've a surprise for
us in this case me that we just won but
it's not seeking your honors you know
that message in English we don't know
there's a nice surprise or a bad
surprise it's a surprise that either
sounded like best or bad what is it 3-2
that's you three of these guys excluding
Jason put how much money they have in
their bank accounts on these pieces of
paper and now I'm gonna guess what Baker
belongs to what person all these are
bullshit one guy wrote zero
one guy wrote one country lien dollar on
someone wrote 200,000 yen david dobrik
just asked you to eat a Carolina Reaper
pepper yes this is something that I
would jump at the opportunity so this is
Kevin this is Scott's brother Kevin's
gonna try the Carolina Reaper pepper
very very bad idea mom approved it was
actually mom's idea
three two one go watching Raven makes
you like to subscribe tweet me at David
Oberg in the LSAT guys I do have a
youtube go for exercise jason nash
comedy what about you toss you back
slash tommy smith cool are you serious
mine's youtube.com slash
you got my name out didn't ya real quick
I'm gonna link my podcast in description
below go listen to it I reveal a lot of
secrets there
