do anything the fridge yeah you can help
yourself to anything you want except the
ketchup it's fun you serious either coke
dealer here he said hey he just pulled a
prank on me he said he was buying coke
but it was just these follow me what do
you mean follow you ever since you got
that pimp on your nose you know real the
only thing that's growing on your body
is that temple I don't wanna say the
same things that when you say siblings
it's referring to your younger brother
or sister so not so much a younger
brother sister sibling or sibling is
your brother or sister no matter what
age they are siblings 45 years old
drunks okay swim trunks might speed up
let me show you something kill me all
right swim trunks swim trunks speed up
and just when you thought it was over
this is Brandon and Brier they've been
hooking up for a couple months now how
long did it take before you guys started
having sex that's very amazing
you were the first girl we're gonna do
it the first time and then we didn't
what happens me brandon was on his
period was it the best sex of your life
thank you
we're gonna go on Hollywood Boulevard
yabbies gonna pretend she's pregnant and
we're finding out the gender of their
baby if you haven't seen a gender reveal
video this is it what's gonna happen is
they're gonna figure out that their baby
is a girl Jason's gonna lose his mind
because he doesn't want a girl we're
gonna see how people yeah Abby were
pregnant outfit before we do the actual
pink ball I told you soon we should
practice and he's like y know how to hit
a baseball we met out here on Hollywood
Boulevard two years ago in this spot
she's three months pregnant today we're
gonna find out the sex of our first boy
boy I'm not gonna lie it's pink it's a
girl and if it's blue it's a boy some
food
facing a boy he can't control whether
it's a girl or she control she could
have made it happen is a serious
shitty chromosomes that made in a girl
oh really are you serious right now you
have me come out anyone embarrassed me
with a girl out here brought the
baseball told you something I needed a
boarder get sick of this shit choose and
I'm fucking done good get out of here
daddy come on comfortable I don't even
know how to end it I kind of just
watching Rory makes you like to
subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik anything else
dad's that yeah check this out okay
scott's getting too comfortable
now I have blackmail on from inside my
house look at that oh my
