okay someone hit 69 he is wearing
Karina's Murr I understand that we have
to take it down because Calvin Klein
didn't want it out but guys it's not
that special you don't have to break
into my house but I don't the police are
coming
my legs are shaking I like oh my god
this is legit I'm David I'm just a
vlogger but he's in my house with the
night thought he could have heard me I
don't know told the cop and I'm a
vlogger and he goes Jesus Christ okay if
you're actually this much of a crazy
idiot I may have to call you back to
being my box full times that's his
that's his the brushes his that gun
probably scared you guys my bed I mean
you went on my couch it's a dope couch
well it looks like he tried to set up my
security system that's kind of ironic
nothing happened here which pisses me
off because this is my roommate Alex's
room and he deserves some stuff happen
to him we can invite him back in and
sleep on my roommates that you guys find
my friends we'd know oh good yeah
there's no such thing oh it is good then
I don't have to hide the coke either you
want him to go to jail for breaking into
your house or not it's very simple I
mean a person what's that grinders yeah
maybe I killed them I killed him with my
bare arms thank you yeah this must be a
separate call for Jason that's a bet Joe
gonna know hey if breaking into houses
doesn't work out anymore you can always
join the dirty gang next time if you
want to come over to shooting the
attacks I buddy hope you find your dad
do people buy your March yeah I get
sales bitch you just have a lot of
relatives numerous comes out of your mom
different a group chat with all your
family members support them burger Jason
would yes
that's ours would you like Chiba cheese
with Jason like cheese on the burger
can I call my lifeline hi it's the
million dollar question are you serious
oh my god okay okay okay do I want
cheese on it
shit ah no cheese no cheese no cheese
okay she says yes okay is that your
final answer you want to lock it in yes
that's my final answer lock it in
yes I would like cheese on it we ought
to get weighed down to get on this
private jet that's how much Heath weighs
340 last way Smith is that no Todd you
don't have to do
we're not actually going to Vegas we're
going to Oregon
I say exotics watching Avon makes you
like a subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik guys Todd leaving a Croatia for
the next eight days which means Scott
you're the new Todd I don't have to be
me anymore
