oh my god aliens they don't know me
familiarly it's like two days ago it's
not him it's a polar eclipse
the boys and I are gonna play golf right
now you guys don't know what golf is
it's all about getting balls in the
halls hey baby I haven't seen a finance
lady like you in ages I don't know if
you got a boyfriend but I'm pretty
single oh look at this guy fucking cock
blocking hey man I was trying to pick
that woman up you come on no Tiger Woods
cheetah his wife a long time ago that's
horrible man he's a golfer too
yeah he's a golfer when you're rich and
famous yeah it's a bummer so you're
never moving back to if Dom ever ends up
in jail are you gonna bail man down door
if you ever go to jail you can call me
and I will immediately go to David and
borrow money for this YouTube thing
doesn't work out anymore where do you
see yourself having your fallback is
something more difficult and successful
than you're already doing that's like
being a teacher and being like hey if
this teaching thing doesn't work out
what do you want to be and the teacher
goes I don't know probably a billionaire
man it feels so good to just sit back
and relax final Jesus Christ oh hey Todd
I was wondering if you could come speak
to my class we're having an assembly
about peaking in high school Jason it's
past five o'clock go get ready your
caretakers coming to pick you up
what's up answer how does it feel to be
the Internet's best looking lesbian Oh
what's going on here
Scott you don't want to be here right
now got nice hair what color isn't need
more attention Jesus yeah it's need more
attention blue oh it is yeah oh hey it's
Liza the world's most overrated Indian
who do making dumb faces would make you
so much money he's a dumb face he never
makes a single dollar oh I have all
these firecrackers we're gonna scare hi
daddy now let me see your biggest smile
in 3 2 1
prank David's done we were all surprised
and I hope there'll be more testimonials
absolutely
that was crazy David told me was gonna
pray Gaby I was like whoa I'm so glad
I'm part of the YouTube experience the
first time we were talking and we were
sending each other Craigslist postings
for new apartments we share the same
insights of what we wanted in the
apartment what's going on please get
down dude Alex shut the fuck up bye go
fucking you're fucking going down
fucking with Alex no you're fucking
going down with me
now what is that Alex oh my god thinking
Luka makes you like and subscribe to me
at david dobrik guys it's now time for
the moment you've all been waiting for I
Tod go ahead and show them in three two
one
we had an idea what lucky person that
orders the merch in the next 72 hours is
gonna get their name tattooed on top so
go ahead and start biting the Mertz the
link is gonna be in the description pull
help my parents told me to avoid you see
your penis again yeah
