I went at the Emma ran to Cosgrove Megan
from drifting Josh but I don't know what
to say I want her to pick my videos you
have playing tricks and your brothers
but please don't play tricks on my heart
thanks I have it you don't scared we had
the quickest break up yesterday Jason
broke up with me and like two hours
later I'm gonna say this over again I'm
in the area and he's like yeah fucking
white shirt on
I hate to do this I'm have to break the
back window here you are one two three
seven we never ended up following her
instead of college her play to get cash
reciting we calm down we had a serious
realization that with her being a little
cuckoo and then we ran out of gas
guys bring some gas and two peanut
butter cups look your favorite go pour
this all over the seat what was the
worst part of initiation for when you
join the friend you had like a blindfold
on and they made you think they like
unzip their pants and made you think
that a dick was coming in your mouth and
you open your mouth and think that a
dicks coming in you welcome it but it's
just a hotdog
every one after that jump is like yo yo
yo Tom do you even have a medical card
yeah for my anxiety your exact when do
you get anxious when I run out a week
this is Trish's brand new Lamborghini
who's sucking dick would get you this
majority part is from sucking dick are
you putting the gum o kuliev a little
gum holder do you think you're a lot
better than other people because you
have this car now I'm here with
America's leading prostitute Tricia
Payton I title this video prostitute
buys nice car that's our only concern
happier since you bought a Lamborghini
no don't really like it here ballin
ballin I would yeah yeah but it's less
for the Lamborghini more for like
it's gonna each other bunch of Lee's
gonna split Oliver's car now you're
fucking not
