wait critic ever fucking shoosh me again
I do what the fuck I want okay Corrine
I'm taking away your Instagram shout-out
I'm not gonna say who by no one of these
guests so you two are going to kiss to
figure out we have no problem with your
faking this oh I'm not faking it's like
I'll fucking know like I just kiss them
on like no it's like I always have sex
of gross and I feel like there's never
no like emotional connection you have an
emotional connection with Brandon no not
Brandon that's the acuter guy we're the
first male to get rejected by dirty bomb
first anything to get rejected by three
I'll let you kiss me again just to make
sure if your weight Kareena are you
serious got numerous that got delivered
a garbage bag how to forego mom is
something at the door I think it's just
garbage
oh it's picnic more daddy's garbage
that's a new haircut dog I kind of like
it is that your life story
I totally copied his prank from Facebook
but I really really want to do it that's
gonna call Jason to the bedroom and he's
gonna say that he it's the film of Q&A
with him during the Q&A I'm gonna be
there and I'm gonna be shooting Jason
with this toy gun that doesn't do
anything but make this salad all
while I'm fake shooting Jason Scott's
gonna be sitting in the back with a real
airsoft gun shooting him in behind this
is like living all together now that we
like live in this big house to get oh
hey this spot get wrong
duh everything's really fun now putting
smile right here it's already you are a
fucking child you better check these
snakes boy just fucking shoot somebody
all right let's go yeah my fucking
breath here how would you to change your
life I'm sorry that's not gonna be a
good video Scott are you out of your
mind give me the fucking gun
let's do some questions to sit down
Jesus you guys will have pretty good
cards but what is the next car that
you'd like to get us past what's the bus
you did your fucking shit didn't make me
exacting Lexie makes you subscribe
