I want you to do me a favor and just
smile with the biggest smile you have
those are illegal well I know and I mean
so are prostitutes yeah but babies are
way worse how about you stick around
tonight we just make drinking jack
references used to sweat a lot I saw an
episode where you're a news anchor and
you were sweating a lot I feel like we
should be have you ever looked up to
someone and ended up at their wedding
remember how excited we were when Josh
was coming over for the first time yours
you are - yes why did you look up to as
a kid what did you watch when your kid
spaceship imagine being with the bunny
we just met this kid named Jack he
watches the vlog spec fully and his dad
is a criminal defense attorney so we're
gonna have Jason go up to his house and
talk to his dad and tell him that he
caught Jack smoking weed on his property
are you this best dad what'd he do your
son here was outside in front of my
house with a couple of his friends
smoking
and I didn't want to bust them I didn't
want to bring him over here but do you
know anything else
he also spray-painted my front door what
wait wait what's we width three with two
boys who are you with likes they tell me
their names now don't make a brand don't
make a brat what's that we'll fix
whatever was damage to your house man I
hope so sir because it's a it's a big
dick on my front door are you kidding
it's got balls on it there are you
kidding me a big penis got big balls got
hair on the balls coming out of it don't
tell your dad
describe the penis that you put on my
front door where my young daughter who's
in a wheelchair has oh my god well we
have a disabled child in our family well
maybe that's why he's acting out I don't
know they had all kinds of stuff they
had Bates they had a song - are you
kidding me call me all kinds of names
like pussy and are you kidding me in are
you kidding me off a lot to answer for
and I'll definitely take care of all
your cool damages and everything I
wanted him to at least be able to talk
to him eye to eye yeah but at the same
time I wanted a fucking kill just went
from zero to hero keep this thing if he
takes the shot he's gonna throw off I go
no way no way you're lying you're lying
you're lying I know you're lying
oh my god what was the point taken if
you're just throwing it back up yes
welcome hook up with my friend Sam oh my
god did you see a billboard I see that
billboard I want to climb it you are
kind of built you could you've been
climbing a flight of stairs right now
what about traffic hold on you can't
come on he's on the Billboard are you
kidding me Tegan makes you like it
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik guys
I have some big news for everybody Todd
go ahead and show them baby can you
March baby I got numerous but Todd's
gonna pretend cheese and not only did I
get new merch but three of you that buy
this in the next 72 hours are gonna be
surprised by me and another person from
the vlog coming to your house and hand
delivering the merch to you and who
knows maybe you'll see me too
hopefully not because that beard is
horrified
for those of you who are so confused by
this contest make sure you read all of
this
