you know all the extra footage I shoot
with you is just sitting on a hard drive
yeah it's called garbage what's up guys
the next little bit of footage you're
gonna see is lies as surprising with a
very special gift I sound really stupid
or loopy in it it's because three hours
before that I got my wisdom teeth taken
how I enjoy his video one that's The
Carphone love if you would before I do
anything else we shout out to Selby just
some B's do anything to Shelby and sandy
please go check out their instagrams
give them some love it's incredible the
stuff they do I'm gonna link in the
description below know what I've noticed
that you do a lot I have new friends
over constantly yeah and you always
introduce me to them as your cousin
oh yeah that's another thing in black
everyone's a fucking cunt friends never
call you out on it like you're never
like hey that's my cousin over there and
he's like I'm not your cousin black
people don't do that we go whatever the
homies saying so my boys like a man
right there that's my sister I would be
like yeah nigga I'm black there's so
many secretive hurts that black people
don't really talk about formative action
affirmative attire I'll explain to me
out for a murder you know how like when
affirmative action is like if there's
not enough black people working
somewhere you have tired black people
yeah I like the same thing you did for
the vlog me no no I think you look oh
you look great
you're the one that looks great no no
No
a couple times yeah there are also some
girls at rehab centers but let me get to
make them shallow because after this
stay in the shallow end of the pool to
talk to you shut the fuck up and go find
your tribe I got my wisdom teeth taken
out today and I feel like I almost died
and it made me think about how much I
appreciate you guys financially because
there's a really expensive surgery that
leads me to my next question what if I
did pass or what how would it affect you
guys yes Todd thank you what'd you guys
do if I die yes Todd did you tattoo
somewhere I'm awake Oh like like a
really meaningful tattoo right next to
your pointless elephant that you already
had a Cremona Dante and Jim I am still
alive tell me some qualities that you do
like about me Jesus is there water out
through stretching Mikayla makes you
like to subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik in my last vlog Corinna's merch
came out and it was like Calvin Klein
replica a bunch of you guys said that
Calvin Klein was gonna have me take it
down and you guys are right they're
having me take it down really yeah
what is it don't move what is that don't
move it fell over it fell over it's
coming back on me Oh
oh my god like you a loafer bad bad no
no no
