yeah why they charge you for wrong do
they know who you are give me free food
or some good even free food let me get
two free burritos - you got a PayPal
shit why are you walking like you just
took it up the ass fucks you for 45
years
what's your gym routine why do you bench
we're picking up bar table from school I
got in this favorite check this out
Suzie fresh batch baby open em up you
starts today
so you revealed that you're a virgin in
my last vlog a lot of people DMing you
know I have a quick surprise for you
close your eyes okay Fran I trust you
David open your eyes vegetable I've
never heard of something like Jax you're
the only successful relationship and our
friend group I'm gonna be in that
delivery room when that baby's born
yeah I know and I know what its gonna
look like let me know when the baby's
here good luck okay guys we're visiting
our friend Riley's Doris is my favorite
part of this of this room college kids
need a reminder turn off when we think
the room who are sleeping for more than
15 minutes we thought you were stupid
turned door handle when you want to
leave success lives here and failure
visits here
what what is this fucking just giving
you peace 9 no it's like a New York
thing I think it's not a New York thing
go to jail so you took PCP this weekend
I don't know actually it's a be clear to
the viewer they don't know yes I think I
would you a bunch of Broadway plays yrg
a PCB I'm gonna go in there and get you
something to eat
don't say anything weird to David while
I'm inside okay yeah don't suck his dick
so funny that like actually that would
be shattered I'll just come inside I've
been thinking how crazy this
relationship between the three of us if
we add all of our incomes together we
make over a couple million dollars a
year that one girl was the only girl
talking I've seen her so many other
times at parties I've never said
anything she was the only hot girl with
that party so I was like all right damn
that was Natalie calm down you're really
drunk saying shit doesn't even make
sense
in overtime what's up for this book what
the fuck
vlog footage holy shit that was crazy
yo yo driving out I should have just hit
him you got a lot more views yeah I
probably should have good news is were
walking in and now bad news is we have
to go through front row which means DOM
is gonna be done
no I don't want to pick you promise
just when I thought there wasn't any
possible way of more people sleeping
with you now everyone in the world can
officially sleep with you
