what's something about me that really
makes you happy IPV drinks is coming
over right now and it's his first time
seeing my brand-new house well David you
really did it thank you dude I really
appreciate fucked all of us over in a
major way you know what David looking
out here it really really makes you
think isn't it awesome that he's amazing
what kind of world we live in that a
dumb cunt 20 year old can live here
thank God you bought this two million
dollar house cuz I know you had it so
tough editing in Liza's $2,000,000 you
fake laugh so much when you talk to
other people realize it you fake laugh
like a mother trucker mine when I laugh
at your fake laugh I didn't find it
funny one day Karina's coming by right
now and apparently she dyed all her hair
pink you look like you work at a rehab
clinic you like you blocking hurry up
like a month ago Kern agos what would
you pay me to dye my hair pink like this
crazy thing that she'd never do last
word a month later hi where's gonna come
to me like tomorrow you'd be like how
much has shaved my head I'm just gonna
be I'll just wait a month I know I know
who does she look like loose a so who's
loose asshole yeah Charlie what do you
think of Korea's hair thank you sir
okay time to go let's go guys how do you
feel with Kareena looking like that yeah
it's annoying because she's like way
hotter than me Bruce do you agree with
that your mom likes me right yeah
because you fucking created me why would
she not like my boss you know the
smallest little biker on planet earth my
new house is great I'm really glad that
your fucking dork jokes could buy you
this house about the war joke colonel
you did that one to yourself big Nick
was born with
Hollywood Boulevard the other day don't
come easily
yo man is Liza black I'm like no he's
like oh shit you got to stop taking acid
and coming over over three hours ago
Ernest since today was Father's Day you
have to send out a bunch of text
she forgot eggs our own dad happy
Father's Day because it just felt so
wrong you know what my dad could sit it
out this year why don't you shave all
your hair off is it that it was her for
something new Gabe's you thought it's
time for something new did you in charin
have a meeting about wanting more
attention I was drunk you said you
cannot swing here you're had more
attention but one freeze you're not it's
true yes sure I used to think my
girlfriend wanted to bang Todd and I
found out it was true cuz she begged him
you guys used to be wrestlers right yeah
do people call you gay yeah Wow
restless cuz we used to make out what's
up guys I stole David's camera and I'm
gonna surprise him today with a brand
new phone case he's been wanting one of
these for a really long time and in
typical David fashion I'm gonna have to
blindfold alright so with the phone case
right here and I'm gonna put this boat
on top okay come on man no you do see
all the time I know dude come on it's
really windy out here I hope the sound
is okay right over here it's right here
you're gonna love it
you're gonna love the wind the wind what
wait no and all the boys are exhausting
breathe if you like it subscribe tweet
me at david dobrik guys a big thank you
for the constant support you got to show
me without you none of this would be
possible but most importantly my big
thank you goes out to all my friends who
I love and I get to share the moment
with you
thank you man I really appreciated can
you get out of the way please telex I
love you out
what's up guys a bit quick shout out to
these two guys for letting me borrow the
audio right for the day I'm gonna link
the channels in the description so
please go give him some love the floor
is lava
