I'm at Liza's place right now I'm gonna
surprise her she hasn't homecoming today
sorry I just won't be able to make it
national anthem with this national flag
in the bath this is our country
everyone is here drinking right now so I
have a bunch of empty Corona I'm a
replacement lo with canola oil three two
one go three two one go two one go three
two one go yeah I went on the new GI
Bill what's the Giro you can you only
use like a few words and what two ways
are you guys similar oh you know I get a
lot of pussy and a big Nikia thank you
matter of a pussy who do you think will
get more girls based on just their
personality come on Todd like I hate
personality questions
I can never win like I feel like you
think I make fun of you too much like
Todd I make fun of you yeah oh you
fucking bitch I was talking to this girl
and I made out of her in the she had a
boy you know she had a boyfriend no but
I found out pretty silly what did you do
what did he say he's like you kissed my
girlfriend I'm like yeah she was a good
kisser and then you punch me that's so
bad you got ice bad ice right here no
you really got ice beat me don't open up
with people's girlfriends in a private I
know once or twice before I passed down
you hear me sick see more police officer
did you think I was hooking up with
someone's girlfriend oh okay wait before
you punch me in the face
can I finish fixing Eric but you like it
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik any
word of advice you have to the youth out
there um yeah
don't kiss girls with boyfriends good
idea I went there hot and had big buds
daaamn do you think your mom's huh I
mean I think she's like you know the
beautiful lady on this piercing universe
is my mom I'm not gonna be like it she's
fucking hot do you think your mom she's
fucking hot Joshy old porn would work
with you what stepsister great yeah
