trojan altar of ecstasy or the ecstasy
condo I gotta get this right you guys
haven't seen it yet can I show you guys
the gift I got for Scott I made
something for him to like welcome him
home oh no no wandering like this in
your room when a girl comes over she's
like wow that's hot she comes over she's
like you look really handsome in this
why these sheets are fucking stopping
with sex we've in heaven because this
new painting thanks to David I'm finally
getting laid again progressive pack of
leeches Scott just gonna stick his hand
into the back of each is that we're
gonna see what happened you think
they'll kill me no I don't think so it's
like when Kristen doesn't wanna give me
a blowjob
I brought the leeches over where'd you
guys do the leeches Abuelita suck each
other we do this shit all the time we
suck each other sometimes you guys miss
things like big nickel be sitting next
to me they'll just look at me and really
cloud of that jaws panic
I knew ignored him for quite a bit don't
blame me other than you is everyone I've
ever wanted to ignore Illinois my
hometown I don't know how I keep
convincing you to come with me I don't
know how I don't have a better life the
reason Jason comes with me on these
trips is because I pay for his - you can
buy a Jason a ticket to Syria okay is
the most white privilege school I've
ever seen in my life
we already hear the John Mayer blasting
through the speakers in the hallway you
walk in there's an Abercrombie store
right on the right
okay kids we've got some performers for
your winter dance and we know how much
you love rap and hip hop so we brought
the best rapper ever McLemore Hoover
announcement looks like there's some 47
year old ladies looking to have some fun
no no we were the Cougars that's our
mascot mascot is a 47 year old lady
we just went to my high school are there
for a record of five minutes baby was
trying to record some videos with his
teacher I do not like you please I've
got 50 kids in the parking and then all
these other security guards came with a
heavy Chicago accent there David you
need to go get you kids throwing Molotov
cocktails into the science room babe I
know there's some others gonna so still
you can't do it you just can't shoot
with your mouth so fucking small oh look
Renan I ever gonna have a big mouth like
yours
most beautiful girls I've ever met
before and you really got a good
personality Don
Oh David uh I mean I'm gonna fuck the
shit out of you tonight know what I'm
saying getting gay okay if it was
unprotected sex there's like you know
what I'll call no protected sex
Jason I think they're here for you Jason
they're here to pick up your contacts
hello Jamie
hold on a second here your happy fucking
jokes okay without worry didn't work for
either of us that's all I've been shot
san Andy but she liked it subscribe
treat me at david dobrik guys he was
pretty drunk so he's gonna show me some
safe trip he's going for both I'm pretty
impressed what is it gonna be
Oh this waters room temperature Oh here
just use the isolation okay that's that
dirty damn eyes David funny bitten all
but don't forgot my shit welcome back to
the end of the vlog make sure you go
check out our new podcasts gonna be
linked in the description jason i talked
about deep stuff like his bob check that
out though that was in the podcast
oh it is yeah oh good why do you want
people know more about that
