you want to be in our video it's about
people that can't drive my job oh my god
that thing is huge Jason come in here
and look at Todd's balls oh my god is
ridiculous isn't that big Jade orbit cha
oh thanks man I appreciate that boys
trash I don't think he has a trash here
all right well like every girl in Los
Angeles
why is it every shirt you wear has a
huge stain on it and the slob do you
purposely do that purpose we do it I
start by saying I am a fucking ass so
this is coffee that's like drool yeah
and this is spaghetti and meatballs
there's so many different stays on
you're sure cuz the belly is so big it
sticks out like it should just fall on
the ground
it catches everything yeah normally got
a lot of limp back then stop digging you
may hurt the baby
my friends from back home is visiting
right now I'm gonna tell him I want to
do the knife game and I'm gonna
blindfold him but really I'm gonna put a
scorpion right by his hand he's
terrified of scorpions so this is gonna
be good I'm starting slugs I don't know
you shouldn't move at all though cuz
there's no problem with you moving you
can't no why would I be moving fast John
look at your pants did you no no it's
just I trusted you with a scorpion you
can trust me on this do you want me to
freelance would you make out with my
friend for how much if you give us ten
bucks I'll let you make a calendar
should we follow you
we're gonna follow you good luck is that
challenge House what did you do to this
pillow what does she do with Corinna
it's the most revealing outfit I've ever
seen hmm
let's have a competition okay we're
gonna go to UCLA who can make out the
most girl with consent
wins $100 you have to see it right I
have to be there to record it yeah you
think you're gonna win so you think
you're gonna get your first kiss tonight
and then kiss a bunch of other girls do
you wanna come to UCLA with that no we
are not I'm the only one dating Liza I'm
gonna cheat on whoever makes that the
most people wins $100 inna doesn't count
Karina doesn't count when we pick you up
let me kiss you so I'm in the lead don't
see me think we're gonna play the game
too Liz come on I can literally walk on
the street and make out with every
fucking dude Oh guys come on it was her
mom's right dirty nutmegs all mom yeah
girls wear a t-shirt that said this
pussy grabs back Tom's like I'll grab
that pussy
my friends so I know what your shtick is
gross fucking no your daughter's gonna
be in college one day or she'll never be
in college why I can't afford it I'm
already talking Wyatt out of college
actually no yeah like last night had to
write a paper or he's gonna go to
college and I'm just hoping no one ever
mentions college to them so when he
graduates high school of you like weird
all my friends go to Jenna she liked it
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik guys
for everyone that made our Dom it was
just a prank you all have chlamydia now
thanks to all the girls that made out
with me you must have an angel next to
you because you are one lucky son
kirinda stop it this is why people think
you weren't really hot probably the
China why don't you guys come to UCLA
with us last night I was invited that's
true but Todd why didn't you come I
called you
