listen to me dude Santa's coming over
he's our only black friend don't ruin
this for me okay David ever been
anything for you you have don't try any
shenanigans he's our new friends sad my
dude this is Alex you probably already
know he said you want something to drink
okay your be that weird surprise he said
they knew you're coming so I Oh would
you come on out so the other day I
played a game with Todd and Jason where
they lost and they had to have a bunch
of cockroaches go on up today I'm gonna
play the same game with Todd but I'm
gonna rig it so he loses and instead of
hitting hackers has dumped on him he's
gonna get a bunch of watermelon dumb
time no he's gonna be blindfolded so
he's probably gonna think it's something
completely different that it's time for
the cup game again it's 1:00 p.m.
why are you shaking Scott alcohol this
put your hands out like I guess I
should've thought of that
Karina's back from Australia track you
make any money where'd you make the
money to see that
why do you five to four sacks here
what's in the socks where's the smile i
semen put your sock back on four outs is
tempted to come in in the car that's
lying around or they're gonna be
sticking myself I think my shoes off oh
no you may want to keep in the regular
so that's not a thing okay anyone take
you seriously they really look like you
fucker got to piss child support and
you're a drug dealer
oh wait both of those things
you're fun fact picnic doesn't have a
dad I don't has not made love to two
chipmunks think what would you do if
that mucked up with your sister she's
fucking seven exactly so what would you
do
Kristen are coming home right now from
stagecoach they've been driving for
about three hours and in the meantime
we've been busy at work setting up their
room with a brand new painting your
house to be aesthetically pleasing like
david dobrik apparently guys todd has a
girlfriend now
which means they have to lay off two
things I have to lay off all the
cheating jokes and all the jokes about
him being a sex guy they also have to
lay off top because what else is he good
for
what'd you buy to drink for Seth we
bought a bunch of duct tape we're gonna
duct tape why do I hear screams without
me recording
