Scott if you can switch lives with
anybody in this room who would you
switch lies awake honey big Nick white
big man because he's probably die soon
what the fuck I have a really good story
I just don't know if I could share Wow
I'm sitting here on the couch I'm at
your place right Todd my FaceTime Jason
like hey Jason what are you doing he's
like not much just relaxing I'm like
just in my room no I'm here todd has a
lock in his room edge why don't you just
jerk off the tots room you guys took
penis enlargement pills yes steroids for
penis no it's not an enlarger oh it does
enlighten no no that shit and larges
that were you serious well that was the
Saints first boner at the gas station I
saw like penis pills and we're like I'd
be kind of
try just to see because everybody's like
you know dick pills and all this boat
yeah
gosh sure what's the best penis bill
here he goes
we were reading it we're like it last
five days we were nervous we walked
outside we're like oh my god like no you
go for it yeah why was this and then
he's like trying to like a so he can go
pick him up and find that shit kicked in
like full drive I usually not do for
five days even the slightest thought of
something sexual you can't control it
it's just fucking go do it again do it
again I don't know if this is true or
not but Todd told me that you hired 16
year old intern I hired im a banna you
did yeah where'd you find them they
showed up at the door the other night
looking for you and they're just working
for you now yeah they wanted me what
have you guys done so far in the kitchen
sort of like kind of a shitty job on the
kitchen okay what's Todd using you for I
can only imagine okay well my car needs
cleaning but after that we should stop
it they're all sixteen years old right
now
Todd really wants them to come back and
in turn into you listen we really don't
need you to intern now but in two years
we're definitely gonna need you - you
are straight up wearing a thong I can't
show your butt crack boy are you oh do
you mean this is like fashion what do
you mean fashion you don't fuck you
understand you guys there's a guy in my
dad's my face where the city got fired
actually we're not going out with you
comfortable you know it's really
uncomfortable but it makes me feel sexy
yeah I like you want to play that forgot
my wallet game when we get to the
restaurant where she leave your wallet
on I don't know I forgot Victoria's
Secret
that's a chick might makes you like and
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik a lot
of you guys want to know how to hook
up with top well it's pretty easy all
you gotta do is comment down below that
you want to hook up with Todd we Todd's
gonna go out late at night and choose
holy cow when you come for puns but get
a lot more are you ready to go
I sorry I fell asleep
