oh no dias he's Ironman what's up guys
I'm a John Reggie Reggie just came out
to his brother as being gay wait my
parents what was your reaction when he
told you he was gay oh all right no shit
you come to your dad right now about
this and you keep singing these songs
like out loud without him even know
another song coming up man's leg coming
are you ready I guess so you got it kind
of surprised everybody ready yeah why
dad I'm gay
he's coming out why are you scared I
think it's except everybody yeah
everybody you know everybody will except
you that's it that's all eyes take your
blindfold off
that's our friend Reggie realistically
he's the last person in our friend group
who doesn't have a car so I figured if
there's any time to surprise him it's
definitely now okay what's up guys let's
eek eeeek is an app that helps you buy
tickets in the easiest way possible
you've seen them help me surprise
Reggie's brother John with a car it's
your car so they seek is gonna help me
surprise Reggie with the new car so
please if you ever need to buy tickets
to anything click the link in my
description use a promo code David and
you'll get $20 off your first purchase
the car is in place that we're ready to
go oh man
what the fuck is happening Jason what
give him the thing you didn't tell me
the right size I feel bad but this will
be the right size
that's Michael's you took Michael's keys
which one
