what oh shit that's a lie no that's real
I know hold on
hi Jay how do you always
hey what's up guys so my last vlog I
surprised Jonah's dad with a bunch of
strippers and it made everyone happy
except for one person Jonah's mom so
today with the help of my friends at sea
geek I decided a surprise Jonah's mom
with a few of her favorite things sea
geek is an amazing app that helps you
buy tickets in the easiest way possible
you've seen them help me surprise my
friends with brand new car and here it
is so please if you're ready to buy
tickets for anything click the link in
my description use the promo code David
and you'll get $20 off your first
purchase we got to get something for
your mom she's the wanting a Chanel bag
for a long time how much is that it's a
lot how much it's more than I thought
how much like 5 grand 5 grand and so we
got in the car and headed to Chanel
Jonah's mom's favorite stole a kiss and
shopping we finally found the right one
6400 let's do it that's literally like
buying a car she just throws her car
over then we took the back back to my
place and slipped into a trip to Vegas
and a few thousand dollars for gambling
and we were ready to go how are you
since last night good yesterday we had a
surprise some of us liked it more than
others today I have a surprise for you
close your eyes keep it close the pocket
check to see if the pockets are good oh
my god it's inside
this is my opening you're basically
naked is crazy this life I think
everybody notice white girls drink vodka
soda
in there
we're at the casino and I really a lot
of film here so I'm gonna film like this
so we gotta keep it super low-key
I gave Jonah's mom two grand and she's
gonna put it all on color if it's black
she's who think $2,000
this all started because your husband
had a lot of fun yeah so so thank you to
them with you having a lot of fun boys
it's okay hey I love you I love you
