hey book I'm Josh Peck you're not Josh
back you're gonna pay you know you can
tell how big a man's penis is by a
stream right let's listen to our you
scared of you getting married in the
future I feel like a nuisance to your
wife that's really deep I thought about
that did you come up with these
questions like the first time where I've
been like oh fuck does David really
understand me
that's super knee brother and I'm just
gonna deflect that deep question with a
fucking stupid joke get pussy
would you get married to another door
not for day I'm trying to fuckin see
myself when I'm smashing oh and then
I'll fucking see her and I'm like fuck
this is what I am no sir never been a
war I've been to hell and back so many
times I got a condo do you know why you
wear camouflage Maggie
sir yes sir so the enemy can't see me
know it so I can come on your back and
no one will see dick you're tough maggot
no sir I don't think I'm talking well
let me tell you something you ain't Lynn
do you had a boat instructor a raptor on
your cock so are you come out your own
asshole look like a spa to me you boy
go ahead gives me homeless sir yes sir
mmm maybe I'm not sure you might still
be a spy I couldn't tell from that kiss
so then I told her you can't see the
gumball machine I'm the gumball machine
hey do we call someone Jason who do we
call what is the beauty Center City
resident in case of emergency call 9
what
maybe a ready rock call nine one that's
the number for 911 that's good that's
good that's good what's the number for
911 watch hang in there Josh
Google searching and porn popped up I'm
here with big Nick and Nick's mom
hynek's mom I'm gonna show a video real
quick of what Nick did yesterday do you
know what this video is like I was in
the fucking baby this is your sign
you're probably gonna be proud okay here
comes to know Nick was telling me how
much he wanted to kiss this girl oh my
god was there tongue no there was after
were disrespecting me in front of my
family
this is my breaking point oh I'm gonna
affect you guys don't know about Dom
John buys all his condoms from the
dollar store
he buys a 12-pack for a dollar welcomes
for a dollar six of these gotta be good
my nanny told me to do that kids don't
take dates to prom anymore Jason what
does this have to do I was like yeah and
then I got committee and Jason's like my
son disability Bali I think it's about
time you tell people buy your girlfriend
dude yeah you don't want in the vlog why
cuz you want to ruin your chances with
the girls at Coachella Todd's gonna
coach Alice you know like the Monday
after there's gonna be a big news report
that goes uh turns out half of Coachella
was impregnated over this literally like
the bro East little corner of your bed
you're gonna ba blood right here you
have like chewing tobacco
how are you Chu are you sure it's in
there yeah Todd you're the type of guy
to invert condoms and put them inside
out just so you save some money I
imagine this is what Todd's like after a
shower Travis makes you like to
subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik in the US ask
is that bleach
put your mother's juice I'm not gonna
let you sit out my fingers again I know
you like that you twist it boy yeah when
you're not here you should see what he
makes me do I've never seen anyone take
off my clothes as fast as Nick has
