do you by any chance ever think that I
invade your privacy with these vlogs not
love when you film you've never invaded
my privacy
okay that's what I want to tell you're
about to open up that fat trap you this
has nothing to do with MIT don't try to
protect him he's a dumb piece of shit
and you know it grandpa your dentures
are falling out oh I am 43 years old sir
do you need to put your fucking hearing
aid oh don't come it was a real low blow
but I guess that's what I should expect
from big dick what do you bring up blow
Jason is that why your face is so fucked
up pair of stilts so I can see who's
talking to me that's cool the parents
stilts would get you to see me but it
won't get you to see your kids more than
once a week
hey I heard your parents came down on
Christmas morning and saw you and
thought Santa Claus left someone behind
Oh at least my parents are still alive
Oh Tommy so drunk this morning he sent a
picture of himself shitting to his
girlfriend no he showed me the picture
it was not appealing at all the text
message back was like my little poop
you're the type of guy who sent a
picture of your poop to a girl I should
think that is the sexiest thing I've
ever seen in my life
what's the most amount of girls you've
hooked up with in one night one you mean
like one soccer team I feel like ever
since you guys made out yesterday you
guys became a lot closer are you guys
gonna start dating or like what's the
deal with that they're gonna fucking
fuck every night why is that a problem
it's not a problem there's gonna be a
fucking little fucking kid running
around if you guys had a kid what would
you call him
dumbass this isn't a YouTube channel
when I have a kid I'm a name and dirty
damn to gaming channel she had twins
what would you do I get like conjoined
twins you don't get to choose if you
have conjoined twins or not like the
head stuck together yeah you don't get
to choose that that's a birth defect
birth defect it's like my brain problems
a birth defect I have a situation for
you you have a 12 year old kid right he
comes to you and he's like daddy daddy I
found this blonde what do you do that
I'll just teach them a lesson go what
kind of laws like a lesson that's
sharing his hangouts split the blunt
with him I'd smoke ass how does asleep
right now so I went outside my saran
wrap his entire calm I tell him there's
a surprise outside but this isn't much
of a surprise it looks like a giant
condom which would probably scan because
he's never touched
condom in his life yeah your birthday's
coming up right yeah the kind of one got
you something now we're outside we're by
the road so what can that mean I know
you're gonna be really surprised
I surrender at your car fucking kidding
me as much as this sucks David this is
actually perfect if a girl tries to keep
my card she can't I heard a girl tried a
key your car like cut it off like
driving or something you sleep with a
girl again and not call her back
recently Dom got some papers in the mail
saying that he's eligible to be drafted
for the army we've been watching the
news and it's looking like there may be
a war that's about to break out Dom may
be going to war Dom would be perfect in
the military no showers no toilet paper
while we feast in everyday Dom was ever
captured by terrorists they'd like start
to like you over time that works not a
deal with them because he doesn't care
about anybody but himself
are you gonna bomb America that's cool
as long as I get a cut this is a draft
letter you got Rita Rita please sign a
return of 10 days failure to register
selective services is a federal crime
and who failed to register may be unable
to attain US citizenship and are not
eligible to smoke weed Jennifer but you
like and subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik if you guys haven't realized this
this is gonna be happening every friday
it's all gonna be linked in the
description and today Scott has some
really important news to share with us
there he is the man of the hour
oh my god what is this balloon all about
but I got new merch
longer
doesn't faze me and more we've been
dating for 16 months oh sorry was that
my content what's up boys say what you
get for heat for his birthday my body
got drafted he goes by the NBA
