why are you so scared not sleeping
around
why don't you guys get into a
relationship you guys can be all cute by
having her wear your boxers and stuff
when your boyfriend wears her panties
I've taken an oath to God and I promise
that I won't have sex until I get
married more until I'm really warning
okay I remember dude the day you got
chlamydia I would put toilet paper
around all the toilets like at airports
because I was so scared one time I even
literally I took water from the sink and
I wiped down the toilet seat if you had
to choose who would you cast down
Macrina right now really yeah I want to
test all those new lips we're playing
spin the bottle but it's only between
you and Dom alex is gonna spend this
bottle once and if it lands on Dom you
guys have to make out for ten seconds
and if it lands on Karina
I'll give Karina $50 anything landing on
Dom side is has a great spin here it is
come on come on come on I didn't know
you moisturize I don't kill myself by
making this with things you're always so
sad why don't you work in a sad place
like a funeral home like it gets you
jealous - jealous of what all the people
die yeah you could be any character from
any superhero movie who would you be
spider-man's uncle died I know I have a
friend named Gertrude but everybody
would call her Gert and she would like
to race and whenever she would would say
go Gert god I have friend named Olivia
everybody would call her Nubia
and she was in theater and we would say
act did you hear that DOM is gonna take
a girl to prom for $2,000 where's this
poor girl we don't know yet but
apparently he's gotten tons of email I
think we've underestimated how many
girls in this country hate their fathers
hi my name is Sam I'm here to take your
daughter to chlamydia at the prom a
couple days ago I told Jason if he wants
to become the best vlogger he has to
have quick reflexes I'm gonna put him to
the test now
you guys know damn right so I VidCon
he's gonna be charging people $500 for
people to sleep with him do you guys
want to get in on that business what do
you mean I can't afford that no no I
mean like do I want to also charge for
ya know whose body is worth more you
think he throws aim I think there's more
square footage on Zayn so it has to be
worth more because you okay cocky I said
you're not fat
how much do you think that I can charge
probably like 15 how many people did you
hook up with in high school I didn't
have sex until after high school are you
serious so you never had sex in high
school and though I had sex in high
school I went back and fucked all my
teachers and you're still in college I
took two years off he took two years off
for one party two years off for college
party more pride than frat itself
that's right vodka figs watch it Kay
makes you like to subscribe tweet me at
david dobrik dude what song shall use
for the actress on some Hoodie Allen
some pudding Allen no I used them last
time his publicist is literally about to
sue me dude you know I got you close
what I mean you got me come on I really
don't know what you're showing me though
I'm so confused you can sing your song
can't kidnap rapper you can't make him
sing stop stop fucking singing shit let
me go man
me
you know
yeah but is it Scott Scott what is it
saying says I'm gonna be happy tomorrow
oh good
it must be proud no chopping there
Scott's he's saving them for a bit
