Wow so everything in this house has
meaning oh yeah everything we're about
that small TV what does that have to do
with anything that's just because I
can't afford a baby those two bruises on
the knees what do they represent you
have a job we have to be on your knees a
lot and that job is prostitution
studying really hard just read a book
I love trigonometry the good part is
every scar tells the story and those
stories are pg-13 realistically game out
and I like got a rug burn
so that was from rug burn where is that
one from yeah the citrus story that may
be a little too gross for the internet
but one of the first weeks I moved in
with DOM and another roommate we had I
walked in on him and the other roommate
not Alec double-teaming alone Dom and my
other roommate were sex fiends all they
would do is just constantly have sex and
this was the last straw like you're on
the couch I'm like this is it I pulled
them on my fucking you guys three weenie
girl from Buffalo Wild Wings it's not
like she works at Cheesecake bag this is
my impression of David walking in on
them having sex it is blog tweet me
David don't will you offer your birthday
everything ends up sucking for example
my first birthday my mom gave him my
life I liked it at first one was shiny
and brand-new now fucking sucks I wish
she'd take it back you ever done
anything fun for your birthday one of my
birthday so much dark fishing with my
dad like a really long time to find a
shark so I get really sad and then when
the Sharks finally showed up I jumped in
the water and they didn't eat me so I
was even more so do you know how many
people would fucking kill another person
to be you I would fucking kill Tati to
be you why not fucking kill me too
that's got to be honest I would want to
be you because it'd be a fun challenge
to get myself out of the little right
you're in
I feel like I need a fact something fun
to do like would you ever go skydiving
boy at once what do you mean stop well
they made me wear a parachute
okay we're in New York and we had a
really good time we go to the event and
of course everyone recognizes fuckhead
and
I'm right behind him of course and he
goes hey what's up ups that Monday that
updated and then you go this is my dad
so he introduces me as his dad funny
joke so then for the rest of the fucking
night people were coming up to me
congratulating me being David's death my
question the entire night was why the
fuck are people so proud of David are
you so proud of the way your son Shane
storms piggyback girlfriends baby did
you ever get bullied in high school for
being short
I just got bullied cuz I got a pusher
that's why people bullied you in school
because I can't fucking they're going
that guy's got a door fast body but his
big ass regular 12 inch Cobra copies
smashing all of our girlfriends and they
are dying
fuck this dick I'm immune to fucking
STDs honestly you probably get herpes
and then the herpes virus decides to go
like there's not much room on this guy
no possibly between the greatest horror
of all the time she's number one whore
Carmelita right now number two horror
you buy home that's right Bobby and if
you want a good house in this
neighborhood you need a good prostate
and just like homes Karina and I are
property there is an urban legend about
this Karina and I must know if it's true
true that you're on the Brad and you
want to suck the man off and it was so
good
he dropped the shit at the same time I
took Brooke make sure you liked it
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik
cleaning out that alley anything else
Alex
Alex you have any idea what that meant
no what does that mean
you need to be more patriotic likely the
red white and blue look at me or order
the pink white and blue if I cannot do
this right now I must post to Instagram
that's the table oh sorry
what would you ever do if you cheat your
on me you have two penis off it stick it
out I said if you ever cheat on me
jab your penis off it's to gauge it
there's new merch you can get in
sweatshirt phone case or you can get a
cool shirt it's all gonna be late the
description so go check it out
