great idea okay go for what's right yeah
see how there's a drought in California
yes so hi this is genius idea what if I
preserve the water and I wait till
California runs out of water and then I
sell the water to the population the
plants no even better the water itself
so we're in the sixth floor of our
building I have this bottle Alex and I'm
gonna throw the bottles down there to
the sixth floor it's gonna land the
right way if you hit this oh come on
come on oh and it wouldn't even help
your lips
thanks for coming this is our place this
is Alex this is Dom take it I cover your
eyes okay well those are my viewers
everyone say three things you like about
DOM go 12 years old without some of you
drag three months ago
three months ago I went for a walk today
why did you go for a walk God told me to
you speak to God it's so strangest thing
no you still are on drugs you don't have
sex anymore right I'm a born-again
virgin dude are you serious where since
when since tomorrow night I got this bad
fucking bitch coming up people always
ask me what does God sound like or what
does he look like God sounds and looks
like everything you see the light and so
many that orange just look at it right
now it's glowing
it is Bravo you tell me that's not God
give a girlfriend not now so who that is
that you just showed me who's that that
you just show me that's one of God's
servants there were sent down from
heaven
I posted an Instagram video like hey
guys if you're coming to VidCon 18-plus
bring $500 actually I'm like bring $500
for sex and $250 for half sex later and
it was up Friday maybe like five six
hours and then it says Instagram it's
taking down your pillows no who reported
your video you don't know probably the
other prostitute is trying to make money
of it going how easy is it to get you
drunk cuz you're really small so you
probably need a small dosage of alcohol
well rubbing hand sanitizer on your
tongue get you dressed
anesthesia next month cuz they're
sticking a camera in my stomach why
you're vlogging from inside your stomach
inside so basically what they're doing
is they're gonna put me asleep right
yeah with their dicks not with
anesthesia how are the doctors gonna do
that they gonna fuck me good that's how
I mean you're just gonna be asleep oh
boy yeah then we'll wake up it'll be
like ah my third doesn't hurt but my ass
does you hooked up with a girl VidCon
last year yeah for free she's got a
little taste of you earlier mom you know
what I'm saying she was at VidCon she
was underage miss VidCon you make ten
thousand dollars from your prostitution
next to this kind you have to pay
everyone for child support
VidCon supports your prostitution
because they know they're gonna get that
many more kids to come to the next event
yo what's up I'm dirty Dom and have 27
kids just come rags you know when they
do like good book me if it's like really
quick just like autographs just like
that's a lot thanks watching Paris make
sure you like and subscribe tweet me at
david dobrik and beyond sad Scotty this
is the only part of the vlog I'm in yeah
I think so
I have three miles left on my heart
right here it's gonna take us more than
three miles to get to the place I need
to get to so stupid I'm so hungry I have
to get out I had to go date somebody I'd
rather date somebody who has gas what
that's gross who's scared of elevators
me number one joke I can't wait till you
go to jail the day you called me from
prison I'm gonna hang up the phone and
just start laughing I'm gonna have to
call you back because I laughed so hard
