the smoke everywhere what are you doing
Alex Jesus Christ what are you doing
alright lies and I got this fake
pregnancy test and we're gonna see if we
can trick our friend okay what is going
on what is it you're getting married
shut up shut the fuck up you're lying
it's a prank it's a prank
I already got me so you could say it's a
prank now cuz I reacted holy shit are
you out of your minds you guys are so
young that's insane congratulations
Jason I can't believe it my favorite
part about all of it is that it's
completely fake you're just good you
know I have to take care of there yeah
you are desperate for material please do
me a favor and you smoke out of this you
don't want to throw out ten bucks you
feel hi Jesus Christ you're pregnant or
you're engaged or you got a house or
Zayn died let us say the surprise I hate
lies we tell them I'm chewing candies
really how to tell them that I'm
pregnant
actually I don't believe you because the
last time I don't believe you I don't
know Chris I don't believe that you're a
fake it's a prank
there's no way seriously you're a you're
fucking lying I'm honestly are you
serious were you actually crying a
little you I don't know how do you click
it let me guess a non-pregnant
actually yeah if it's real that I'm very
happy and I love you but it's gonna
oh my god yeah just don't put the camera
down
maybe not you I don't want to put it I
don't want to put the camera down
because then I can't capture your
reaction when we tell you it's fake I
like Jesus rich but it was like if this
is actually them telling people like I
feel so bad why he actually started
crying I felt so bad how many sessions
have you had with your therapist I just
had my one year anniversary of my
therapist that's not a good thing how
did you really good with your parents
2015 what's the last thing your parents
sent you my mom asked me to unblock her
phone number one of Liza's biggest fears
is that she forgets to flush the toilet
after she uses it so I got this fake
piece of poop and I'm gonna see if I can
convince her that you forgot somebody
broke into my house and took a poop
David was just playing with the tennis
ball you knocked over my trash can when
he's picking it up you found this is it
no it's a positive pregnancy test did
you take it not telling me why the fuck
is in the trash just a prank Liza peed
on it earlier okay that's locked in
swatting brenton makes you like it
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik i
realized that we make a lot of pregnancy
jokes so I want to reassure everyone
that we're not having a baby yeah no
we're not having a baby we're having two
babies cuz we're having food
okay mommy
hola grab it oh my god
