see that's not what you said in our when
your roommates have to wash your balls
because you're so dirty on the right
side of my chair hey one last question
before I go
yeah okay so Scott and I have been
watching a lot of videos where people
blow up things in their microwave so we
bought a microwave to do that exact
thing but then when we told zane and
heath that were gonna do it they were
like no way i'm gonna pretend like we're
blowing something up but really were
just making security deposit like we're
not gonna get that back pain what's the
problem fucking a house this is our
house I'm on the lease like I can get in
trouble the reason we can afford this
house is because we create content it's
really not a big deal it's just a
microwave is a big deal if you want to
blow something up do it outside and not
in the house I don't know what the big
deal is like literally guys it's not a
big deal we're just trying to make a bag
of happens you always put lotion all
around me you know why because you want
me to think that you don't use this just
for masturbating so you go on and you go
put this on your body just my son's 11th
birthday yeah I got a Playstation Oh
what made you want I'm gonna my
playstation just wanted to get him
something
because I do love him you know how they
love you more I really just wanted to
set the bar high yeah what's up guys I
can't stay long because of the lawyers I
know I haven't been the best dad over
the years I know my work on the Internet
has caused you a lot of pain and you've
gotten beat up at school and stuffed in
lockers because of me poor why so dear
old dad you're like I really come
through today and I watch okay yeah I
think it's gonna it's a ps4
I have something outside for you guys
you guys want to see what I have you
have a cup - Jason I have something
outside come here come on come on just
something the PlayStation have some
mixer come on keep them closed guys come
up in your eyes come on it's television
lights and Josh back people I never
thought it doesn't come with any games
does it no I can't afford a game that's
okay we can just ride the pony all right
David you're the best uncle I've ever
had no problem and David I didn't know
you were this cool that's Josh yeah I
think this is it Enzo I'll never have a
good relationship with my kids this is
really hard to watch Jason be honest did
you steal my ps4 to give the wires
my dad says I should stay far far so
fast is it tough constantly
disappointing everyone when exactly did
you give up on the trees your kids cry
when anyone mentioned your name until I
met you your son said you were dead
you're walking anti-drug commercial I
saw your son
googling adoption you make me question
God's existence what are you even doing
here you just come here to ridicule me
where I live for
that's lockpicks watching Mikey makes
you like to subscribe creep me out david
dobrik
any guest iliza what are you doing are
you smoking a cigarette yeah
you should go behind them this is your
big break this casting directors
together I'm gonna go try to get on
camera
