would never make fun of your mom you
just did before your camera was turned
on is my mom's last night in town but
David goes oh she's dying
what's an enigma I'm an enigma so thank
you your mom's gonna die soon since you
guys have a problem with your manners
have you guys ever thought about hiring
like a etiquette teacher that like helps
you to be more polite yeah oh you want
me to film it the one if she found me
one any minute Oh what's her name
senorita
Carmelita our senorita comer you fly do
you fly a different airplanes like
smaller aircraft dude yeah I'm a danger
to society
would you ever join a gang yeah main
part of the gang called seven doors man
seventh door like was they bitch no I
come through man we fucking did I can't
fish through my car dude what if you
spilled on the seat come leader are you
pregnant see you're pregnant is boy or
girls and boy oh it's a boy and three
girls do me a favor and not say fuck
we're talking I have a what one of the
mirror or honesty that's a box in my
club all right thanks for helping me by
bed I love you bye
hello dear lineage is beautiful can you
teach us some Spanish it's not beautiful
emilita you don't even speak Spanish so
go ahead and teach them through Spanish
oh this is something you can say in
Spanish he's not me it's very good one
of the cheapest guys I know so I wanted
to run through the test I'm gonna drop a
five dollar bill and I'm gonna see if he
picks it up and puts in his pocket or if
this is some lint in here the other
night when I was sucking someone off
playing with their asshole putting their
balls in my mouth when you are living
the rock style life start like what and
living in a tenement house with their
rent it's five dollars a month
and meth is being cooked we have to not
worry about a little bit of fabric in
your belly button thought of use like a
little friend who's currently in these
is a big that's great vodka sauce and
Luke makes you like and subscribe tweet
me at david dobrik guys Liza's in here
right now so Carlos can help me with the
aperture you can't happen to your
girlfriend
what happened you know she be what you
make
Jason wants me to throw it on the key
instead of throwing the key I'm gonna
throw some whipped cream I wrapped it in
paper catch
