oh my god this is so sick here come here
shut the fuck up
come here not bad just look okay I see
it no you don't see anything yeah
looking at something no I'm not kind of
like literally look in there Jason Sean
that's cool yeah Jason you sure it's
cool
okay so here's what's happening right
now it's Christmas Eve and my family
opens gifts on Christmas Eve my siblings
really really badly wanted a puppy so I
got in the next best thing
Ilya is included playing the role of my
siblings I ready open your gift Python
okay calm down
that's that's that what do you think's
in here without touching the box buddy
you think there's a puppy a hoverboard
of Xbox one two three
Toby come touch it then for you go play
with home yeah I'll take them up I'll
give you a good present okay don't ruin
Christmas okay how much would Jason have
to make for you to marry him quarter of
a million about a quarter of $25 that
spot looks a little tight doing a little
head start maybe push into it a little
more oh my god dude you broke the car
the car oh I did break it I broke it
like a ton like it's not just like a
like a little break or they wouldn't
notice I forget a lot
oh now what now we got a fucking fix it
dude why because this is a fucking
rental I know can't you just take it
back in back yo guys I'm sorry the
weather yo guys I'm sorry the fucking
weather is fine it was completely fine
I'm just a fucking idiot Ilya I didn't
matter I was going to happen I knew that
was gonna happen actually but why did
you get you back I knew that was gonna
happen 100% then what you doing cuz
you're a fucking bitch okay do
everything you manipulate me you you
might have you ever you manipulate Jason
you manipulate me you into play fucking
Josh Peck yeah I didn't want you to do
that I told you it's a bad idea
you told me do it you told me to back up
and go fucking do it I know I did then I
go she's not a car she's my sister
Alex David this is fucking great fucking
Josh Peck now yeah we're all friends
we're just hanging out he likes the vlog
we got a free meal the other day because
they're like Josh Peck remember we have
free food paper his burrito bowls here
hey your father fucking gave it to you
but he doesn't love you this is all he
can fucking Mason you got to stop being
a jerk to Ali think you're fuckin
attacked me because you were mean to him
you're judging him I didn't say anything
Justin likes your pot yeah he was just
too much of a fucking pussy to save me
you fucking liked it John I thought it
was not bad and you can use a little
work but we think now more some of my
hilarious is gonna rub off on and you
just laugh like it was okay and you just
made me look like a fool look the way
you yell at me keep it only fucking like
trying to be like Oh Josh peg you're the
best and you treat me like a normal
person not a celebrity to you am i but
he likes the glad you like them I like
it I think it a lot
that's a very locked ecstatic George
wish you like to subscribe tweet me at
david dobrik guys lies as a big surprise
to tell everybody go for I'm pregnant
okay I kid mmm cuz I'm having one fuckin
growing guy
