I'm really bad at transitions but I'm in
Chicago literally like I can't go
anymore
I don't want to die with you in the car
why it's right that mean the cottages
the only show your name in the article
coming coming
yeah I need a favorite Josh what's wrong
good what's up what's right I'm gonna
check you met a chick yeah how'd you
better what'd you do
I was rolling down the street and she
just seemed like she won because she
probably have an STD yeah I'm a real it
hey you're on your way
okay great texture on your hair look at
her chest why is it so hairy I'm looking
and I'm liking what I'm seeing that's
not a good thing not responsible and
she's letting me know and that's the
first step
Bobby I suck at deke on Sunset Boulevard
I snuck a gig in Amsterdam I suck it big
all over the world about these you
travel the world would you like to try
holiday making the trouble on his dick I
take it down how old are you in five
years ago 40 you're 19 years old right
now can you list some celebrities that
you've had sex with Oh see leonardo
dicaprio tobey maguire Lizzie McGuire I
live in her dryer blow to McGuire's I
for some reason he's all about they look
like oh my god amazing what a la Jara
would not believe I'm hanging out with
Josh Peck
oh it's right there you can't see but
it's a forest what is the smell like
poop right now is a reflex this is also
like a salon and we get out there and
they're like how was it and it was good
like we know we turn the music down so
we get here Merry Christmas everyone
make sure to be thankful for a working
neck Merry Christmas
enjoy the time of your family I know
mine left me Merry Christmas Merry
Christmas
Merry Christmas and if you don't get any
presents this year that's because Santa
Claus is sleeping in my bed okay
Christmas not do it like you're not a
douche bag oh yeah Christmas Merry
Christmas but you know really Happy
Hanukkah because I'm a Jew and I feel
totally left out that's our a azaan
thanks Austin Anna makes you like it
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik guys
guess what I have four lies two parked
outside right now
looks like he's pregnant in the snapchat
the period yeah
