that's not your food you can't play with
otherr I think that this people know
it's not easy
newpsie guess what flavor it is the
chapstick challenge they check again
maybe you don't know the flavor
one more try one more try that's a
challenge
oh what's the flavors NJ big you want to
do it again I would like to execute the
like the characters okay what flavor was
insane fucking dick look like you called
her a dick oh I'm with that
what flavor is it st. dick zoomerton I'm
sorry no it's for work one more time
action what flavor was it dick action
what flavor was it
I usually hate complaining about things
like this but the doors on my Tesla
ended up breaking so I took it to Tesla
to get it fixed and instead they gave me
a really really crappy rental car so you
know how my puzzle is in the shop right
they gave me a rental car and it sucked
I uh need iddin want to park it outside
your house because I feel bad that's
exactly I parked down the street come on
it's right here this is it are you
serious yeah dude it's pathetic why
would they give me this car where's the
handle the handle
there's no they forgot to put the handle
on the car it's like under here look at
this it's broken
what is it open like that that's what
I'm saying yeah listen to it start it up
it's broken
it sounds broke and there's something
wrong with it it sounds like it's broken
why is it so loud where's the back seat
so you came in fit your whole squad in
here exactly
I don't believe this is not fucking
squad goals get this out of my
neighborhood faint pop star can you
please go take it okay what do you think
about it
think it's pretty fucking terrible hear
how loud that is annoying it's annoying
that's what I'm saying
sir just go just hit the door handle no
that's the gas tank that's 100% no you
can't get hit again I saved up all my
money from my allowances since I was
four and I bucks when did you buy this
car how old are you I was like five
years old in the bottle average Dave
doesn't ask for it's a few a year to
save up how much did your mom give you
about twenty five thousand dollars every
time I took out the trash how does it
feel of being a Lamborghini for the
first time it is the douchiest car I've
ever ever seen it's so loud for no
reason we have orange car for you to
look like a douche in it feels like this
is douchiest car I have if you want we
can also give you a lot more if Lana is
not loud enough we can also give you
five sticks of dynamite this should get
you the attention that you need look at
me I spent a lot of money on this I want
your attention keep whipping stare into
my eyes so I get $2,200 worth because
that's how much it cost for four hours
are you impressed I own this and you
don't this is every prank on you to who
you want to go on a date sometime maybe
I have a boyfriend
Yeah right whatever I'll see you later
anyway you suck that's watching Sophie
makes you like and subscribe tweet me at
david dobrik if you guys keep up with my
snaps you know lies and I invent a brand
new game called a drip challenge and
basically I'm trying not to spit on
David but I'm trying to see how long my
spit line can go it's really gross
ha
look how small eyes it looks in the car
I said my kids college fund for one gang
of decade egg
look I just walked up fest it was like
when do you have to take it back you
knew it was her Enzo
