you want under the quickest way to get
fat I looked it up one time let me guess
I have two kids get a divorce and moving
with a bunch of YouTube quarries the guy
that no matter that's that party earlier
Oh Cory invited us yeah great fucking
party you invited us to the other night
that was awesome Jason you're fucking 47
any fucking parties a good party for you
okay call your video like I'd be saying
that they want to date was behave in his
video talk to you I'm almost what 99%
sure you like has a crush on you and
Zane and Brandon you guys like the three
of you have this weird crush or the
three musketeers what's one thing that
Jason doesn't bad and no other person
has been able to do and no other partner
has been able to stick around for eight
months yeah why is Jason the only one
that stuck around so long I'm the most
desperate that's why there's something
seriously wrong with me Jason passed
when I asked why he's still with Trisha
seriously that's the difference between
Trisha and your other partners if I
walked in here right now I was like babe
I want to like put a rope around your
neck and dangle you from the 7th floor
while I bang you you know
she'd be like I love it be humming from
there that me everything instead of
going and eating kebabs why don't we go
do drugs
good good those tests
turn the camera finally let's light up
pussy let's light up baby we're gonna
try some food trick shots you guys ready
ready let's do it right don't show me
shit that was like fun you guys want to
go on that thing
yeah fire dragon
I gotta drop my kids off at school in
five hours
hi guys thank you for a good time bye
tonight was well thank you so much
Jose sorry hey hey hey oh shit
he's a chef but is he or is he asleep
