oh my god I'm having the worst days like
I called the uber and then like the
address don't think about my there's an
H&M across the street let me go buy you
some pants if you had one bit have sex
with someone here yeah if you're my
fucking daughter I would fucking grab
you by the fucking hair and throw you in
the car that being said you're not my
daughter so you can do everyone I know
how guys think so the fact that if my
daughter was walking around like that I
would be fucking with it because I'm a
pervert
you seemed really nice and I met you a
couple times and I think you're really
great and yes I wanna make love to you
how cross created that really close like
one wrong movement of my neck dead like
paralyzed and dead the same thing
happened to me today it's been class
that's that's the thing about big neck
though Jason has to realizes he makes
everything about himself and like we're
sitting here in Union doesn't offer us
anything he didn't even get up to answer
the door I heard when you have brain
surgery and you jack off it feels like
someone else is doing it when's your
next surgery after this ah couple days
next about to show you what an inspiring
person
I won't recant oh how do you feel like a
new man mom take this cast off me take
it off him that was the task are there
any positives with Nick having the
surgery it doesn't look bad though like
on me right it actually looks like it's
like part of like some L a fashion piece
yeah I gotta go meet Brennan or anything
she's done the math you have to speak
louder you can't hear you that's all I
fix I think Tim makes you like to
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik guys
the vlog isn't over yet I just wanted to
cut to someone who may be having their
very last day here on the vlogs
this guy was smoked he was smoking
alright guys a really sad part in the
vlogs that I don't expect anyone to
laugh at right now David dropped me off
at the airport
I'm going home to surprise my family I
bought a one-way I'm not sure how long
I'm gonna be there so I'm just gonna
kind of play it by ear take a little
breather
he bought it one way and he doesn't know
when he's gonna be back but it's
definitely gonna be not any time this
year he'll be back next year
the honest truth is none of us actually
know how long he fizz living for this
right now oh don't make me cry guys
we're starting a GoFundMe for hey dude
raise $100,000 oh my god let's go
straight to a Tesla what are you gonna
miss most about everything probably you
guys yeah just being around you guys can
you play like some stupid shitty a
little like montage and like like a
memorial
the song stars are of the
I'll see you dude thank you for
everything have fun I will don't know
anything down yeah
why
the smallest stars
