all right so recently liza was in the
new Madea movie right so we're gonna go
around right now and see if she can get
some free stuff using her newfound
stardom did you love the movie okay I'll
see you later
Jason I was thinking this in the last
vlog you smoke weed right what if we
make it a series old man tries different
kinds of drugs cocaine back are you down
I can't do coke on camera you have two
kids your boy is 10 your girl is 7 which
one's your favorite the boy really no I
like weakly you do is your board dating
yet no 10 years old David got me started
dating me like nine no sir having sex
when I was no different
she was my after school teacher Susie at
facility sir and she was 18 and you were
nine years old that's true Pizza guys
yeah I think someone ordered pizza for
heat but he doesn't know and he has to
pay for it did you order pizza yeah I
knew it someone ordered feeds under your
name and you have to pay for them kind
of like I didn't order pizza sir I'm so
sorry
it says it's for Heath but I didn't
order pizza I'm sorry I can't I can't
pay that I'll pay I'll pay for you
you're paying for it and hold on what
pizza is it Oh Ricky sauce and pepper
mmm
you got so drunk last night you forgot
you ordered a pizza this morning I'm so
good to myself I knew like hey I'm gonna
be so hungover tomorrow hey I'm gonna
order a pizza but can you deliver it
tomorrow
it says play money fame a piece of my
mind
listen here don't you ever order a pizza
but that was really sweet and thoughtful
thank you so much I really do appreciate
fuck you a random person just by to eat
the pizza and obviously you really
pissed him off because he didn't want to
pay for so right now I'm calling
Domino's and I'm gonna order seven
pizzas and say it's the heat I just was
on the third time who knows that I heard
seven Zayn and Toddie come here real
quick I just got off the phone with Dom
you know Huson I ordered seven the
pizzas under heat sniffing oh my god the
total for my pizza is $48 and Zayn told
me that's not enough cuz he's gonna
freak out so now I'm gonna add more
things to my order can I do ten supreme
large pizzas 164 dollars I'll pay once
you get here my name is Heath
13 pizzas what's the total oh my god
it's a trick call this bitch right now
what the fuck is doing this Baroni I'm
gonna kill somebody I don't have money
seriously please save it
I will fucking murder you how am I
paying you keep telling me to pay I
don't have money to pay how am I gonna
pay you can't be ordering pizza to my
house I don't I can't I can't afford 13
fucking pizzas are you mad oh my god you
took a picture you're an idiot you have
to call Domino's before they actually
call the police oh my god my fuckin
picture that's what he was saying I have
your picture picture cuz it was funny
why call the cops what do I say you
should call the cops we should tell them
that your friend David ordered 13 boxes
of pizza pulling a joke on you admitting
you think that was you Frank you ordered
me
that's his log thanks - Ali makes you
like it subscribe tweeted me at david
dobrik lies and i are going on vacation
for a week we're going to
two tickets please you know which one oh
my god it's Liza from the Medea movie
yeah you go thank you dude thank you see
you later man Thanks
