a new picture of her and her celebrity
crush conveniently right by the bedroom
where Jason and her have sex they're
seeing Jason Momoa next week we're in
New York we mean I have a special thing
I gotta do make some moves on you next
week what are you gonna do I don't think
it's cheating cuz you're the same name
we have an agreement if she has gonna
have sex with such a son-in-law I said
it's okay Hall Pass that's their Volvos
who's your Hall Pass honestly though you
have to give Jason the Hall Pass that's
ridiculous
that's me made out of cheese do you see
the video Jason Nash with no self
respect for 20 minutes my ex-wife's new
boyfriend's fucking moved in basically
what's going on and I don't think he has
any money he's like me she loves losers
if your mom sells a dress you what age
are we living in you guys have matching
shirts this families fuck let's see
who's smarter dumb bird first president
the United States the planet is closest
to the Sun I don't go your your candies
how many sides are there on the Pentagon
eight okay yeah what time is Krispy
kream open god damn it how many states
are there in the United States you wanna
just do one okay what how many do you
think there
fuck that what's your name boy ready
yeah because I have white Britney over
yesterday no more of that and honestly
don't say she has nice boobs when Jonah
is sitting right here
my last two brain cells big Nick you
look like one of those old grandmother's
that goes on walks
pull up oh my god oh I thought we were
helping same same stuff you know oh my
god
get in the car No so drunk he doesn't
remember giving his address to people oh
you want to go to my house oh shit I've
never had so many girls want to go to my
house guys let me go to my house you
want my address this ain't stop holy
shit why don't you use this energy to
exercise or get worked on during the day
what's your fighting name thank you
thank you I'm so fucking done with you
he's not getting laid tonight saying I
bet you can't jump over those cars right
there
are you sure come here
guys since Halloween is right around the
corner I have new merch and every time
you buy a shirt it comes with pilot
glasses
right now that sounds fucking good being
you drink with some stuff Christ
