the neighbors are fucking spying on us
cuz I can grab there's a drone in our
fucking backyard the neighborhood David
what they said about me call me fucking
my little pony yeah walking over here
you know what happened for six-year-old
kids these fucking Lee not to win and
they go fags fucking they go go rich
ball fuckin not funny David it's
probably fixable dude literally just if
you've good oh my god I'm gonna talk to
lies about this it's literally this is
what happens when you get older no
there's cameras there too since David's
blog all the time don't fucking comedy
clubs are having a hard time right now
for me too okay okay you take care my
kids I will you put them you put them in
your vlog I'm parked in zane and heath
driveway and I literally just got a
ticket oh it's because you're blocking
the sidewalk if people are trying to go
this way and go out to the dead-end beep
can you demonstrate why my car is a
problem I really want to walk to the end
of the street and go sit on my fucking
houses Venge
you'd have to do this I'm here with
Karina and as you guys know Karina may
or may not have some daddy issues I
thought it'd be a good idea to bring one
of my friends to help you out a little
this is Jason Jason is actually a father
of two problem with Corinna is that I
don't think she had someone like you
there as a kid okay I think it'd be good
to kind of catch up on all those years
so she got around you're younger no no
I mean not really and then how does that
affect your relationships now I'm
definitely like older guys maybe older
guys aren't the best to go after right
well maybe maybe more maybe maybe they
are David but in Corinna's case I think
she should slow down a little bit cuz
she is kind of getting around well maybe
yes slow down with the boys her age
maybe speed it up with maybe an older
guy that just got divorced and whose
vine was just deleted a little specific
I'm gonna leave you guys to be here for
a little bit how long does the session
take about two minutes do you wanna
smoke weed no David I don't smoke weed I
have a friend that might might smell
what's your friend's name Keith Keith
that's awfully close to your name but
with the K it's not close and he wants
to know how much the weed is yeah we
would be talking here I think it's like
20 bucks a gram it's not bad for him
where does he live we close here you
want to give me Keith's number so I can
call he's probably not gonna pick up he
doesn't answer random numbers I'm
calling him now seriously don't him what
was that huh I think Keith's mother left
this one here that he's weird give me a
quick breakdown I did a video called
cringy fuck boy roasted and I just
roasted the shit out of this guy who's
really rude to me on bumble which is a
dating app obviously it's the only kind
of apps I have you called her fat you
called her what kind of names did he
call you it's like a bunch of things I'd
call her but it's really weird when
someone else does and now she's going to
interview him and he's coming up to our
house because Gabby doesn't want him
anywhere near her house it is really
scary but that's why I wanted Alex here
and me I can defend you beat someone up
to drive you're like well each of you
guys complement each other with three
different things I like it that's all I
think that's in John makes you like it
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik guys
I'm dumping lies off at the airport go
on to New York the New York how about
you show everybody at the airport how
your tehsil works at the doors come oh
why is it it's so stupid don't do it
just get yours
I just have to get my bags you have to
give your bags okay get your bag don't
worry I got it why is it you could have
grabbed it from here that's the thing
about friendship is when it's Jason
Jason
so what just rocking her to sleep like
her dad did it
