oh my god it must be so hot in there
they're AC isn't working your officer is
the cool if I smoke in here welcome back
to the part in the vault called
controversial topics with Zane and
Scotty okay so you guys both underage
drink right you guys approve of it oh
yeah you are doing it I'm still doing it
babe you been drinking since you were 12
on Fridays or something when it's like
really chill in the lunchroom yeah I
would sneak a beer into a water ball one
beer it was one night only bring one
beer I would say house water ball and it
was like the 8 of us how do you feel
wondering do I feel like I'm dumb 100% I
think it's a good idea I think it
introduces you to drinking in a good age
okay good as opposed say I'm not gonna
buy you fucking beer again come in come
actually huh I haven't seen you in a
while I need to talk okay I used to be
in the vlogs all the time and used to
always call me a slut Julia's a slut
you're the biggest thing yes yeah I know
honestly I've talked to lies about it
and I feel really bad because lies I
told me to stop calling like women sluts
I wanted to apologize to you but I
didn't know how play that what fuck Liza
no call me a slut more I just like been
losing a bunch of followers I don't want
to call you a slut what if your parents
watch these videos you mean my daddy no
stop saying that all of a sudden this
fucking bitch Corinna just replaces me
as a slut I fucking hate her she's a
prude ask
oh hey Carina your hair looks nice do my
hair like that but I'm too busy fucking
somebody's you know I'm putting a little
warning on this vlog don't watch the
rest of it unless you're over the age of
what 30 this is a stupidest argument I
think I've ever seen in my entire life
Julia wants to be called the slut more
what our slut test like um you know if
she's a good kisser
okay but Julie has a boyfriend so I
don't know okay never mind
does your boyfriend know that you around
yeah how is he your boyfriend I'm gonna
give you guys lists of certain
situations you're gonna tell me how
you'd respond to them okay my teacher
gives you an F on a test
what are you doing okay there you go
so let's say Dom's at a party this is a
different done this is millionaire Bob
Julia is ready Julia knows he's a
millionaire who do you think a bigger
slut it's like honestly I don't / you
you don't slut-shame no but as a fucking
whore complete seriousness how many guys
have you slept with Julia go wait you
guys both have lists on your phone
how about how many guys you slept with
Julia go how many 24 24 teacher concepts
one teacher console is long okay 18 but
with my teacher 20 is it 11 last time I
saw my doctor told me I have herpes for
a week and I got blood work done and
they're like oh sorry false alarm
come on I got herpes when you steal a
fucking important I've never actually
slept with a virgin before oh really
virgin virgin I'm getting chlamydia like
six months ago yeah I met three kids so
tried to convince girls he's a virgin I
adopted at a young age what that's right
sock thanks that's and Daniel make sure
you like it subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik
someone sent us a bunch of these little
chocolate drop things I'm gonna pour
analyzes monsters are ready the goal of
this is you have to try to swallow all
of them okay okay there we go oh my god
do I get from the horror movie
by magic I thought I'll live
