we won't take a picture together but we
can't because there's no one just inside
the house so we called an uber ask the
uber guy if you can take a picture of us
we don't need a ride we just want to
float we actually don't need a ride but
can you take a picture of me and my
friend yeah okay I was involved in
before this happened but this just
happened so watch this if you jump in
let shout out your Instagram no way you
have to jump in you idiot we stopped in
the dirt file you have to get that I
don't want to go in there
let me see you it's all wet just do it
it's gonna go right back you guys saw
that Dom got a stripper pole from a
stripper hope today that strippers come
in to pick I hate referring to houses
for priority feel like she walks
so today this stripper today cherry
blossom is coming to pick up her
stripper poles the strippers not come in
here Gabby can you make out with Dom
Desai have something interesting you
guys first moved in here and I was like
just already hanging out with you guys
Dom came out and he was like really
sweaty and we have like his boxers and
half of her
do I look sweaty I just like have that
image in my head of like wallets if I
had a dollar for every time Dom came
into my room asking if I wanted to smoke
some drugs I'd have enough money to pay
for his riad Dom always comes to my room
and he's like did you wanna smoke some
drugs as if like I've changed my mind
with the last few hours we're gonna get
Scott to ride this board right we're
gonna tell him in order to do it you got
to lean forward to get it going and then
he doesn't know that there's a
controller there's good lunch the guests
I don't now get ready to put your thing
I could seriously broken my fucking head
no you're just hoping that someone had
to bloody - si you just use as a thumb
they'll say Nate why when you apply
pressure here it starts moving forward
oh I think you stepped in the wrong area
you sure yeah yeah it's all in the flick
of the ankles maybe if you jump on at
the same time you go actually kind of
been lying to you what do you mean I
haven't been telling you how to actually
do it you see the orange thing yeah you
have to tap your foot right back right
there yes we're back here no Todd it's
the remote there's the remote
see it's the remote I think it's your
hand no it didn't slowly start going
forward
Oh hopping a little bit quicker yeah
there we Scott do it exactly like saying
there we go
I don't think it's sensing you there we
go Scott use that now Scott use that
oh my god how about this
you hold the remote to the thing I'm
gonna go get the board okay that's it
Chris Vicki like it subscribe tweet me
at david dobrik anything outside liza
she just wants to show everybody her new
Tesla Cup that came with the car did the
cup come with the car what oh did the
car come with the cup
you can run the route later you can run
it but we just really need a picture
