can my friend impress you guys with some
cool words yo what's up I'm in Delta
alpha Tesla Model X
Nick text me because he went to go get
an MRI to get his like neck checked out
because there was like what was wrong
with it what's wrong with your neck
those are crevasse in my brain that's
33% of the size it should be so the
fluid in my brain is not going down to
my spine Wow so obviously that seems
pretty scary and terrifying the funny
part make it this bad news right and he
texts me and he said don't tell anyone
and I'm like dude I totally wouldn't
like that seems pretty bad I'm glad
you're keeping it between us you know
just like bros and he's like okay good
because I want to use it for my
clickbait there's gonna be more like
self-driving cars on the road what the
driving lessons for kids are gonna be
like it's like I get in the car alright
and where do you place your hands turn
into wrong you don't touch the steering
wheel the car drives it so what's your
name oh nice to meet you that's my
girlfriend's name too
this is the size box we brought this is
a big big outside don't pee in my car
okay when we pick you up yeah it's a
Tesla Model X that's amazing oh my god
oh my god she gives it to you and she
goes well that wasn't the milk update on
our situation we couldn't get the goat
in the car because it just wouldn't go
into the trunk so now we're actually
getting two chickens and you probably
wonder why we're getting two chickens
and that's because they told us that if
you just get one they'll get depressed
and it'll die which is what I've been
trying to tell Liza so lies if you're
watching this and you want to text me
back sometime now I'd be great you wanna
come see the chickens she'll kill it
okay come see the new chicken this is
your new home for the rest of you live
so for the next six hours they only have
two legs how stupid is that I have two
legs two legs go put them in the pool
now what for a bat for a bath okay we
realize that getting animals is a little
bit too cliche now this is my pitch
chimpanzees are only $60,000 yeah but
what would be cooler than that would be
adopting a baby a real baby
you could adopt a baby for way cheaper
than 16 you can do anything yeah baby
hold you play a pigeon you're gonna be
the best oh yeah we had the best
playdate ever look what is that that's
the chicken have fun with it not do this
yeah I know I had fun with it the
craziest thing is I got an egg out of it
right before I kill right whoever turned
up where did you return the movies right
there all cooked up back to God before
the show Megan actually ended up taking
the chickens now this is sketchy because
it literally looks like yeah well where
are they Megan ended up taking the
chickens to the shelter so we're good
right that's why I think certainly makes
you like a subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik dude I hope people don't actually
think that I killed that chicken that
was a fake chicken guys and if anything
there's two different chickens so I only
really killed one but none of the
chickens are harmed so they're all safe
they're all roaming around they're all
the way the check the oven what it means
I could check the oven because there is
no poultry that's being cooked in there
so what are you doing thank you
popsicles in the oven yes okay
I don't know why you didn't just go
around this main way you have to go that
way
