I'm here with Heath and Heath is driving
in my car we're gonna see if we can pick
up some chicks yeah how are you today
I'm doing on this awful no it's talking
to the car you okay baby I'm gonna for
it I'm gonna try to get your reaction
Heath is going to record here's a gun
redesign oh no guns it's obviously no
guns oh damn dude Samantha sighs goodbye
losers we're just leaving in our Tesla
please don't crash my friends Tesla
please I can't get girls if this cars
crash thank you so much I don't think
I've ever had so much fun in my life
oh yeah what's the weather and also open
your Eddie coke too gum what does that
say he said always a nut you gotta put a
nut in it gum and nuts right now
I'm couple have you ever had a sugared
on it have you read candied almonds no
this is good hold on all right Mama's
gonna try this refers to the Turkish I
know those are almonds nuts and
coca-cola mixed together okay and now
what is that what was that oh my has no
idea mama has to pray before she needs
to cook it our friends mama so good she
doesn't want to give any just I guess
mom wasn't smaller like such a daddy's
cooking
mama your son what's up shoot food I
love that preachy food I mean I want to
take care of my kid kids in Africa would
be happy to have this he just asked me
to hang out and then Loki threw in like
yes you probably gonna bring your tests
all right yeah tell me what you told the
tinder girl yesterday that you're
talking to oh she's super into me so
basically what happened was I was like
hey what's up and she was like hey how
you doing I was you know not much my
best friend just bought a Tesla yeah
yeah and she was like no way and then I
was like yeah you know I pretty much
made it what are you gonna say like
right when you see her when I get there
I'm just gonna be like oh yeah you know
my friend just dropped me off here in
his Tesla you know what I mean and she's
just gonna be stopping two lines and
lilius have been returning my calls all
day
little Justin Bieber lives on your back
do you want to eat something yeah okay
have you ever had an apple well you all
try a pool here go try hit right into it
show me a teeth okay here you go
no chest here at orange juice it's
really good
exactly like this fruit puts in juice
form yeah no jet put the wrong looks
like orange if you came from a foreign
country so wash your hands okay put the
soap up it's better I have to make sure
you use the water - okay a lot of good
no no no use the water for your hands
good there we go
no jet that's right it's like thanks to
optic Jack makes you like it subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik anything else
dad jet oh hey gimme my help
yeah what is it what are you trying to
get oh you want some candy this is why
we have these look it's a stepping stool
it helps you reach your candy so
whatever you want for the top shelf you
can just get it
where are you born on my hunt Siberia
the first time you said it it's not a
totally different what does it mean when
you pronounce it differently probably
I'm high or not right now what are you a
little bit so bright a little bit
