we're doing the double make me laugh
challenge how much more helpless heap
need for his tattoo you know what's a
better joking tattoo I haven't opened
the toilet in four months because it
just stopped working so I've been using
Zane's bathroom but apparently Elton
just opened it today and there is
something in the toilet there's
something I don't know explain he said
just open it are there snakes in here
dude I swear to God
elephants shut up this is a prank no
it's not seriously just open it one you
can use it up you two go shit is that I
don't know I think it's like back
flowing up peep are these your
girlfriend's Elsa comes out he's like
does anybody need vlog footage literally
this poop emoji amount of so much worse
like we know that your shits combine
into a monster we open it the poop is
like smoking a cigarette what are you
guys gonna do the management company
won't fucking do anything company you
gotta hire the Ghostbusters babies you
guys just have enough did that toilet
for a while I just I knew it didn't work
so I just stopped trying to avoid a
shower in there bugs flying out like
dogs I got a wedding that we're gonna
poke it what the expression I wouldn't
poke it with a 10-foot stick that
applies to right now there is there
something alive in there big man comes
out I literally thought snakes were
gonna come out but this was 10 times
worse is realized
no I'm serious I think you have to call
the police
whatever is in there it's like a
fugitive how could you eat a Hershey's
chocolate and put it on your head Oh in
nose we were doing that dis guy yeah
let's actually go get a napkin now and
wipe it in the poo cause he's allergic
to chocolate he's hyperventilating want
me to be in your blog I know it's
bullshit Gabi hasn't seen it yet but I
just explained to her all the poop that
was in Heath's toilet charge admission
during October is a haunted house this
is disgusting I didn't really want to
bring this up in the vlog but I actually
just got my wallet stolen and I honestly
don't know how to get it back have you
ever had anything stolen
no that's stolen things what have you
stolen Virginis oh come on dude you made
Alex dagger this mouse again that's
Liberia that's for your raise did you
have any pets yeah I had a pet wolf yeah
what was his name how would you tell him
this there you know some points I do
this is that small town in Siberia no no
nice name on my dog the time that I'm
from it's not climate what are you gonna
go for food I think I'm gonna visit my
grand
this video got really shitty like two
months ago
that's the race vlog thanks watching
Julie it makes you like and subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik so as i
mentioned before i got my credit card in
my wallet stolen so if you're the guy
who stole it and you're watching this
I'm coming for you do ya who's Leonard
wait how do you know the name I made
that up but hey whoever stole his wallet
he's coming for you and he's gonna kill
you so you better go buy those shoes
that I wanted but you better go run and
hide because I'm a size six you better
just get out of town
you
are you ready alex has a girlfriend
Oh
