I'm doing the whisper challenge repeat
you know you keep smoking weed it's
gonna kill you no it's not that's just a
minute I will bet you $100 that three
dollars can outfit come on guys let's go
standing up three bottles you both your
authors I'll pay you $100 bill being
greedy I have to like cancel it
altogether okay right that was a hundred
dollars you can't just like change I
became be pulling strings in June
because yeah that's a lot of money for
you not for us know what guys the guys
are being a little greedy and there was
no contract break babe ah they promised
these kids $100 I got all the three
vials on there and that was theirs not
paying up and making up excuses they
said they want you to just donate it to
me I don't get enough time in his blog
you don't have to worry about what are
your instagrams I'll put them in the
ditch those kids are because I bet your
girlfriend has another boyfriend
thank God of those like I don't have a
girl
because you probably have a boyfriend
donate it when you don't have enough
money you have to put an extra like
information football player like if that
was his dream he was like nah son that
ain't a dream it's a reality would you
say you're a really popular guy legend
okay you say your legend or an icon
right I think some people would refer to
people like you as delusional it's down
the legendre an icon here's a new drill
this is Dom's bag of drugs right Alex is
gonna act like the cop and we're gonna
see what Dom does with the drugs oh who
is it oh my god it's a cop it's cop hi
officer there's nothing going on here so
you can come on in
it's just us it's just us two roommates
hanging out well that's my roommate
probably just taking out the trash
Gabby's about to get a nose job you're
getting an eye job here that washes one
Gabby's getting a nose job because she
has allergies
anyways I might as well get a no-show
and while I'm there might as well get my
legs fixed if I get a nose job will you
date me you know my roommate Dom yeah
would you date him for what weed and
teen parties I'm good fan people in LA
even buy weed illegally yeah it's like
the only state where weed is legal and
Dom sells it illegally that's a rock
thanks fat chick Jackie makes you like
it subscribe tweet me at david dobrik
why is it he literally made the worst
mess possible look at that clean it up
dude spreading it around
not even cleaning it out okay here use
the vacuum dude that's what they're made
for
okay good
it's a picture of you and your
girlfriend I wanna sleep
