let me see oh this is so typical we
would kick Nick out of the car fucking
whoever made this Zayn where are you on
this poster dirty Dom was fucking a high
as fuck he lifted a broken table
everybody Dom doesn't even smoke we do
yeah he's totally done smoking weed
what's that bong up there in a corner
what are you put in it the flowers you
wanna go get some pizza I'm in high
school never drank never smoked second
he moved out here completely change when
you turn me into a sad you literally
look like a Hispanic Terminator like my
Spanish son just dressed up for
Halloween
well if you have a daughter one day and
she sends a nudes oh my god don't even
start
and the guy responds thanks this is play
thank you so much I appreciate that
whenever's if you catch your daughter
taking a nude if I got to taking it yeah
I'm in a pretty good with cameras I'd
ask if she needs it like I get to the
juicy fire okay so the Jewish parties
bring their I think I've recognized at
the party and it was like crowding up
the party and then they got pissed about
that so that they're like oh they think
you have followers that you're better
than us and I was like being a smartass
and I was like of course but joking
right he took it seriously and they
fucking like started yelling at me my
light is the kick goes out sounds that
what happened not only give me the
extended school part what
sending skills I love to hear this
bullshit that this I motherfucker
they kick him out of the house cuz you
know it's their house and Nick gets on
one of these type of things like she
abused me she's never did that I said
they pushed me down the stairs
I was with at the party decides to call
the police how would you look next time
you want to party somebody let me talk
shut you wanna have you wanna drink
overdose of fucking weed baby every time
like monitoring the personnel within the
party called the cops picnic I said
don't shoot up your fuckin face what's
the overall message we can take from
this wired a fucked up oh because back
then dirty dumb was it all work hard he
was all let me get my thick world care
if I get that TV
oh you think when your YouTube career
dies you'll probably not be single
anymore hardest legs I'll probably be
fat by then you'll probably be fat by
then yeah you think it'd be found two
months how would you like it if your
daughter sent bad nudes I'm just gonna
get my body she's gonna send back would
you adopt a boy or a girl
do you really think you go to the
adoption center they're like oh no we
are out of kids thank you you come into
the adoption center it's like a lockdown
everyone has a high by the wall hope you
look into the rooms and you're like I'll
retweet you come help me come this
October
no dude I'm sick come on dude I feel too
crowded
that's like their no that's like the
exception Alex but you like subscribe
tweet me at David Ober guys well this is
feeling a little bit sick right now so I
think we're gonna do the outro with sign
language instead of talking so she feels
about it right you can talk
what'd you just say
lyza just dropped her food in the car
and she's still eating
