Alex hey Alex are you up hey Alex Jesus
dude what are you dreaming about some
other fuckers we're Alex this is stupid
this isn't gonna work
oh my god it worked this one says please
open on camera - what a weird request
that is the stupidest request how does
that help the letter no maybe I guess it
like holds holds a letter
Oh whenever David puts you in the vlogs
shirtless I rubbed my pussy to you oh my
dad once came in seeing me rub my pussy
to you and then my dad with does day now
what is the Sharpie sit down david
dobrik best calm juggler
no gum juggler I've been seeing a lot of
pepper challenges on YouTube so I found
this guy on Craigslist he grows his own
peppers he has the Carolina Reaper which
is the world's hottest pepper and a
bunch of other peppers we're driving
like 30 minutes away just to meet this
guy to buy some underground pepper this
is something else bro you eat this and
you'll see what I'm talking about is
this legal
why'd you make us mean the CVS parking
lot just so I know you're not gonna be
fake stuff can you sampler right now
happens if you touch your eyes after
this not touch yourself if you touch
that captures you masturbate after
touching these Scott I'm gonna keep
recording even if you have to go to the
hospital okay
I don't even like eating jalapeno
because they're not spicy enough right
so here oh do you have milk oh so what
are you gonna do when it gets too hot I
don't think you get it
I think Tex is gonna be the least of
your hair he's one to go big bite
attacks I go oh my god what does it feel
like it's so sweet he's just like oh my
god eat another one yeah it's like a
double negative it's like doing math if
you just put another one in your mouth
you're good you know craziest part about
all this is a paid Scott a thousand
dollars to do this entertainment value
so Gaby I haven't bought him like three
months and all of you guys would always
comment like why you thought we were at
vlogging and one of my favorite ones was
someone commented she's moving where's
where's Liza Liza who I am I'm just in
your girlfriend's house do your parents
know - don't know so mom and dad brother
and sister
what does that even mean my family loves
each other you want to come help me
shoot the address or something
no that's your dog thanks Roger Chloe
makes you like it subscribe tweet me at
david dobrik so the world's hottest
pepper here and I'm gonna have Carlos
dry you ready
that's right oh yeah house is a big
tough guy so I'm assuming this is gonna
be no problem for him right Carlos
that's not the same pepper it's about
local challenge video
Carlos did I feel your beard no don't
touch me Carlos well yeah sorry yeah it
doesn't stop looking
