Joe what are you doing cooking food yeah
I love food what do you got
baked is a fresh fresh as you could get
what do you mean Joe who wants to be a
good morning come with me okay come on
oh Jesus oh man what's this this one got
out in the back over your chili it
smells like pig in here dude
well no fucking shit it's the same
shower before I do I gotta hate stupid
fucking pigs yo dude chill what do you
mean I'm talking about Wilbur back you
know you got to start taking care of
Scott Moore his rooms a mess you can't
live like that it's literally a pigsty
clothes everywhere I don't even know
what this is what is this this Lily a
pig in his room right now we're go to
the store we're gonna buy 1,400 pounds
of dry ice to see if they can swim in
Hey
no I'm kidding we're getting a new leash
because the other one was too big we
don't know if we want to eat it tonight
or tomorrow first time a pig we ate our
cat so now we're getting a pig why we
let Wilbur be out there for a little bit
cuz Zane thinks that he's gonna stand up
and start doing human things yes he's
just gonna get up and just he is tearing
up that dirt with his mouth too or three
slices buddy's insane he's a pig oh
you're right he's doing a lot more than
that here you go what is that I know you
tell me
I've pulled pork are you ready for what
for my new pad what new pen then what
it's a pig yeah I know it's a fucking
what's at home at home this is where he
was gonna get slaughtered huh
yeah no do he hasn't eaten since he's
been here which is scary because he's
supposed to be eating like a pig you
know
been here either so let's fucking cut
the shit hahaha she has hogs that is the
cutest thing I've ever seen you can't
take him back there was another one he
was all black what do you mean right now
at the black rice he said there was
another one but he was all black I
wanted the pink one why'd you say it
like that Elton I didn't know you were
so good with pigs dude have you seen his
girlfriends
my bad yeah house has been gone for a
while right yeah so I got a new friend
okay see black people thinking it's
black today yeah you got a fucking pig
dude yeah so I told Dom like Dom can you
please feed the bunny I come home look
at this there's the bunny in its cage
there's the food and the water is you
know I didn't put it in because he
always spills it that's why so you just
didn't give it to him yeah no I just
like you can't have water keep it keeps
falling yes the line it's for you for me
oh thank you did you tell the fucking
lazy Navas hey we have a giant fucking
pig
that's a dog though you start to relax
that makes you like and subscribe tweet
me at david dobrik guys we ended up
giving him back or at least to a new
loving family where they were not gonna
murder him or eat him or whatever they
do with pigs but i think the most
important oh he's ready who's ready okay
the what pigs eats a pizza with cheese
no fork just cheese and balance awesome
yo we think he's happy he's drowning
