Plus again I didn't fly big piece of
shit look at this you're the only one
that shits like that dude it's a pillow
wait that's a pillow then what's on the
bed oh dude oh yeah no no no no no no
what is it what is that distillates oh
my god so that's chocolate
no no that's still shit david dobrik
second channel got more subscribers in a
fucking day than my husband two years
you know Nick's been in college for
about one week and he's already dropping
out taking a gap year that's dropping
out that's what I told my parents I'm
just reading a gap here to see my
options they're like two years later
five years later be like yeah I'm still
testing out my options once you take a
gap you can't go back or people gonna
make fun of you so let's eagle Gap you
never go back let me say goodbye to your
hair near for one last time yeah okay
why do they want to remove it just looks
like you're more mad please only use
these or anything I'm like dude that's
that's really girl I thought I've
already had to do something with like a
pimple and an ass or something you're
like where's your hernia shirt you're
like oh my god it's beautiful
time goes into surgery and instead of
using anesthesia the doctor just gives
them crack cocaine doing this hernias
crazy we can feel it kinda like if you
like it you can like it even more
well actually his hair nails down here
Oh take your shirt off just like anybody
boom his body looks better than Alex's
just cuz he pulled the shirt off like
that I think it's living about how you
take your shirt off
oh my god dude your body looks better
than Alex's Thanks it would be awful my
shirt my sister's like fucking gained so
many people talking her high school cuz
they're all like Sarina
like we wash your brother Davis vlogs
all the time we fucking love it how do
they know she's your sister is she a
dork to baby knew it I don't know
whether just to fake laughs fuck you
shit you guys don't even have the same
name tell me the truth how do they know
it's a hair changer named a big sister
for Courtney my mom's big mom now big
mouth big dad and then Dave is just
pussy see did you see the pictures you
guys say why didn't you like anything on
this other why did you like it like
that's real funny I tweeted the day
before antennas and you didn't even
reach me or something okay all y'all
fake your spa fate friend fuck out that
door and you ain't coming back in here
bitch thank you
shut up bitch you ain't coming back in
here ya know this is literally all about
an Instagram picture no it's a whole lot
of tweets thanks Isaac Carly make sure
you like it subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik me off that was it we do this
every time dude we're always on the base
couch she want to mix it up yeah I want
to mix it up we're gonna go on that
couch yeah do this feel so much better
yeah
I hate you
