I know I was making like I knew I was
gonna eventually like say some words but
like Nick invited me to his birthday the
other day yeah anyway respond I was
trying to respond I just didn't know how
to say no oh perfect
since it's your birthday do you get like
a free surgery from the hospital brah I
have sir Lourdes points rewards points
like every surgery I get like actually
ten thousand miles and I can zoom in to
get a really fucking good sir do you
have any cool Hospital stories at one
time
okay I'm not old you my house is on it
yeah Todd that was me in the closet give
me a best impression of Scott superman's
give me the same
fuck you did that's the president big
Meg this is a new tattoo Curtis alright
first let's start off with this it's
Cremona which is already dumbasses okay
and then it goes Donte which is my blue
thing and then it goes to jail speed you
originally wanted to say you wanted to
say Jim Jim and then he's a rugby and
then he got so confused that he wrote a
question mark - you know you're getting
a bad tattoo with a tattoo artist put
some extra question mark I was gonna
take her in to get a tattoo on her arm
like a big tattoo that says David Plus
Liza is getting a tattoo of someone like
on your bodies of stupidest thing but
putting it on someone else's that's
funny let's do some roleplay cuz I've
never been to hospital so I want to know
what it's like I'm gonna be the nurse
and I'm gonna come up to you and you
talk to me about all your problems okay
okay mr. Nick um we just got your test
results back and they are looking very
dandy very large Danny what my face in
your tits I feel so bad for you you're
the one that's thick here you're sick
I'm not getting dicked out by a real man
oh good but what if a girl brings you
back hold and the bad notice is that
you're a bad boy what are you gonna do
then I'm gonna do my bad boys shit dude
what's that makalah dad yeah me like yo
Jude I really need this your daughter
has a really nice ass she does what'd
your mom say about Karina I'm
fortunately really nice oh wow really
sweet beautiful I'm like mommy's
optometrist you want me to get your red
I'm newly opening my first peel box
I know I told people to send me drugs
and stuff and you guys sent me all these
dry except this guy apparently he can't
draw look guys this is for you too
because it says it
we love Alex David Liza and everybody
else I wonder who this person likes more
little brown girl what is it
I don't thinking like a nice box I'm a
box pull it up pull it out that's wrong
thanks watching Caroline and make sure
you like and subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik guys we know how much you love
the water bottle flipping stuff so we're
gonna do some more water bottles and
stuff
no it's literally a flowers but they're
a bunch of cocks on what let me see it
Oh a bunch of penis flowers
