ah do I totally messed up my friend I
don't say you need a rim job all right
can you come back now yeah so you're
getting kicked out of your house because
I put dry ice in the pool yeah what are
your thoughts it was dope yeah it was
done did your parents say anything when
they found out they have to move out of
here they said that's hilarious
yeah like literally my mom posted on
Facebook she posted the eviction letter
like no way it was like I'm sorry I
remember this is hilarious and all
they're like you know all the parents
who have like commenting on it oh my god
needs to find a new place but it looked
really cool here's a shot of Nick using
his legs for the last time what do you
mean the fucking last time I'm literally
going to get a check-up yeah right you
know where to go do you even have to
stop at the information desk this is
like your second home dude this is my
fucking first home yeah I kind of feel
bad about like all the things that are
wrong with you hey uh no actually prove
it ah wow you really do feel bad yeah oh
fuck no dude fuck you Alex I'm honestly
so much more grateful for now doctors
apartment with big Nick just if you saw
my mood drop when I walked in and when
you first started talking about all your
problems I was sad I've never been sad
for you I've never felt like that no
guys were sad so give this video like I
can really be shy right now be like hey
dude I'm good yeah but big Nick though
back with our favorite art thing hey
give me that good Orson job Hey somebody
said to me
why was the orphan bad at baseball while
I was like oh they're like they
nowwhere Holman hahaha I told you to
change when you wear a sweater Zonk
wearing my fuck I don't change his pants
and shoes Alex just go shirtless Oh Mary
I don't give up fucking shit Alex oh my
god you're not just for the fucking
movie a movie David there's my fucking
popcorn all up on me anyway
saying you make me feel really nice I
look like a superhero
look like a Persian designer new prank
show
trust woody about the human Frank sorry
you think you're getting tense it's
really go go go let me tell you
something every time I vlog Todd like
I've had a lot but it never goes in
because he said something stupid that he
does owe me how do I'll just be talking
about don't put that in I regret that
there is no door it's just a hallway
Todd maybe you if you would be so wrong
what door the hallway door is not even
you Khurana same guys this tidy the new
caretta resolve a crushing ballad make
sure you like and subscribe tweet me at
David Ober guys know what's in a million
subscribers what do you guys do them
though is this Gracie and I are gonna do
something special for ya something we
have been waiting for yeah yeah we in
celebration are going to use our lips
and we're gonna
you
you
imagine just we know look into the
window
