that guy sucks who I'm right fucking
here lies Zayn Scottie Allen and all of
them got an email from their lambs or
her to Rio her that I posted the last
vlog and this is it okay go read it it
was brought to my attention that 1400
pounds of dry ice were dumped into the
pool today but that means that our
landlord has David's notifications okay
this is normally grounds for eviction
but myself and the company will allow
you at least a full Phillips turn we
have a Month Club great and everyone has
a month they have a month left to live
here because driest video this is my
favorite part sorry for the bad news
and best of luck in your search for a
new home your move out everyone wants to
buy this house the funny part is your
pool literally looks completely normal
like our pools mind if we get swimming
it right now like there's nothing ruined
the pool guys coming next week once he
cleans it it's gonna be clean that's
plush around here yeah that's literally
normal water mr. landlord everything's
all fine pools all clean well guys come
in next week it's gonna be just fine
I'll good you just being a little
overdramatic
alright so Zane Scotty you're downstairs
so we're gonna pretend to throw our
bunny down the balcony and instead
they're just gonna be a bunch of cotton
balls clump together we're gonna throw
you Bailey Zane like legit like
seriously please catch him hi here we go
catch up catch up
it's he okay what's up what's on your
phone no thank you
come in line and if you buy all of our
stuff well let you take a picture video
with you what's your name what is it
Rosa Rosa Los Angeles North Rosa so this
is the condom that I found on Nick's
dresser okay so the reason why I keep
this yeah this is my school backpack I'm
thinking to myself like I have hot ass
teachers if I'm ever just gonna bang one
of the teachers in the classroom
I have to stay strapped you can find
your college sweetheart in college do
you think so yeah you know you just
gotta tell her that no that's not it do
you care about personality at all of
course dude
right yes it's part of your personality
how because do your person yeah and you
have a ass okay people have asses that's
your personality I wanna be with
something I could be proud of David hey
see my girl over there yeah she has a
fat ass yeah but when you have a baby
you got a fast dog
hey dog you wish you could hit that ass
dog you fuck you wish dog Nick if you
talk up like that about your wife I'm
gonna be really worried I'm gonna tell
my kids yeah okay I mean yo was good son
you see your mother over there she got a
fat ass and he's gonna be like hell yeah
she does about his own mom yes my boy
he's gonna have such a fat ass they even
my kids are gonna be wanted to have that
oh my god Alex look bombs a neo-nazi Ali
made you lose your mind I got a little
crazy roots on that
my god looks like actually come on oh my
god it does complete the beat that
series on accepted Kylie make sure you
like it subscribe to meet me at David
Ober anything else that they think we're
joking good they think it's all a big
joke yeah yeah you guys we told you this
earlier I don't think you guys caught on
to it I don't think you believed us but
it's getting kind of serious at this
point and all the outros are shot in the
mirror
you
okay I think I think DOM is super high
so Alex dressed up as a ghost and we're
gonna scare Alec you ready who's that
it's literally Alex
oh sure those a mattress what was your
favorite subject in school
obviously not PE you're right
