Jonah wants to make a movie like a
serious movie doctor you be down to Joe
caveny on it yeah sure you do a cameo
yeah I mean once you've reached the
bottom the only thing to do is dig I saw
this on Facebook and I've really been
wanting to try it cellphone goes on this
treadmill I live for a bunch of Legos on
to it Zayn come here we're just gonna
pour these Legos look it's just shit
didn't even notice this one's too big
you'll get hurt and three two one oh I
knew he was gonna say no so that's why I
called david's bitches
I want to change your youngest son's
name fard on to my name legally to David
Ober how much would I have to pay you
for you to do that I'll give you five
hundred dollars I'll give you $2,000 No
okay I'll give you $5,000 you know that
you're a lot more different and insane
than a regular person college looks like
we're about the profile I want you guys
think about all the things that make you
mad what's one thing that pisses you off
about this college it's expensive the
heat okay that's that's a problem with
the Sun that's nothing that the college
is messing up what is the biggest
problem here in college no lebar prices
the price is too high
do we want them lower by two granola
bars last week for six dollars and guess
what happened I was not able to buy a
weed that we see that flower the only
way to get their attention is for me to
strip down to my tiny about 500 people
out there who are real pissed off at the
two of you well you agree to lower the
prices of granola bars I don't want to
hear your excuses will you agree to
knock the prices down to two dollars and
75 cents
bad news your tuition went up ten grand
but I mean I could give a fuck
we're gonna make a phone call the laser
right now and get them back together
these guys are just sharing for anything
yeah I guess that's like the kids don't
respect me no need to fight
