watercolours so in June they just all be
blue guy who does wrong sound effects
for what he's holding
Oh someone home I couldn't fucking tell
her who doesn't even know how to use a
gun then why don't you teach him about
why this stop don't touch Nick's hair
like that do it I'll fuck you up like
you can't hit a girl
what is she not like a male or female
she's had sex so many times like she
doesn't have organs anyway Oh Colonel
would you day Nick why is because he's
small Oh cuz he's a dwarf so the brother
so fucked up gave it my brains bigger
than yours cuz you dropped out of
college I'm going to college about this
if we didn't get enough comments saying
you don't want Corinna in the logs
anymore it's a wrap I just can't ever
sit on my couch since you guys are
really mean to each other right you guys
have to say three nice things about each
other correct go three nice things about
Nick good two more good good Corinna now
Nick say three nice things about Corona
look at his big shoes you know what that
means Alex yeah big socks no no that
means he's a big penis he's bigger shoes
than you Alex I have big shoes than you
than me yeah yeah well it's not always
true
wow you know that's actually a dwarf
bunny right no way yeah really that's
his like species name as like a door
yeah it was good whoa he's probably
scared of other doors I know he's got
doorphobia he's going don't we all
previously on David's blog why do you
want to kill the bug why do I want to
kill the bunny it's shitting every
David Alex I don't know what that means
I'm sorry that it's a bunny though
that's what animals do this you see what
I'm doing
wash your hands yeah I have to wash my
hands every second because I'm the only
one that fucking cleans off back to the
motherfucker I'm picking up little
pieces of shit
do you want to return me bugs what's
going on what's going on your copies I
want that fucking thing gone what are
you doing given that funny exactly what
deserves what did you me or he deserves
what is that dude hit the bunny
no what he apologized David I really
hate doing this because I feel like it's
the most boring thing on the planet but
I just want to say thank you for letting
me vlog for the past year and most
importantly thank you for letting me put
a smile on all your faces it means so
much to me when I can go on the mailbox
in the morning and open it and see a big
cheque from YouTube a big a big fan
package from you guys saying you guys
love my videos and you're happy now I
love it
I love making me money making you money
I love making you happy
Alex and I did a little throwback to the
first ever clickbait on my channel so I
hear this we're gonna cook him up a
little bit run them up throw them in the
microwave we're gonna get them all warm
we get way it's got to be the perfect
time now put them in a little bit I
guess yeah I'm gonna close this a little
bit
no look at me perfect that's the perfect
bacteria bog thanks dras now it's what
you like subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik anymore we're failing this is
this is fit okay I don't know I don't
know say this we've been lying a lot of
you the last couple outros they've all
been in the mirror
Oh
you
can I point you guys each in the stomach
just to see like how much soft I'm just
into it for how much what do you mean
I'm going to starts I know that flex
flex flex flex your Fox now in the day
