oh dude that's just crazy yeah I'll play
it previously on David's vlog anything
out that Alex no no new Alex I think
yeah Jesus Alex new Alex new and
whatever the fuck that was new Alex that
word I don't know but I think is in your
bathroom are you fucking serious dude
jesus fucking he's sure losing my
fucking bathroom dick this is fucking
done around here
he looks good thanks okay just tell just
go get out Jesus Alex yo what's up Alex
couldn't I hope you still have beef with
him are you doing new Alex stop stop yo
stop stop Alex Alex oh dude what the
hell you okay dude you okay dude that
was the most beautiful goddamn thing
I've ever seen in my entire fucking life
hey I thought you said you were talking
to Alex anymore oh yeah whoa I don't
know yeah hi I came into the store the
other day and got one of your tables
yeah yeah there's an issue with it I
hope you guys don't have issues with
your tables a lot because mine yeah it
doesn't fucking work
yo can I break part of this table
Nick you couldn't break up oh fuck you
what's wrong with him he smells like
fucking shit
Thousand Oaks hello Ian here just want
to go get Mexican food cuz you're a
little Hispanic dirty Don held the
broken cable over my fucking face and
that I got like a splinter of my eye and
I have to go home for that what noise
your bitch I know it's gonna sound weird
but new alex has this like weird
sleeping disorder thing and he
sleepwalks into stupid stuff in his
sleep and he literally tried to shave in
his sleep he got shaving cream oh hey
Lia what are you gonna use he used
literally all your shaving cream what
are you gonna use to shave you come on
hey I know you want to take a shower
you don't take a shower Dino okay go go
go go
thanks Raj and Kim makes you like and
subscribe through the at david dobrik
guys surprise
Liza I have a big surprise for everybody
by the time one of this instead of doing
the outro on the beige couch inside
we're doing the outro on the beige couch
outside this took us 45 minutes yeah
you
get in the elevator but dad wasn't
coaching here
