- a letter print the paper well let her
print paper I just want everyone in a
little letter printer paper it's so hot
turn the air-conditioning on brother air
conditioning is on you're just fat so
you sweat this fucking idiot came over
to my place this is where she says where
come on dude
yeah but it's a PG bar where I'm at this
parkour place like for parkour and if
you guys don't know parkour is I'm gonna
show you what are you most nervous about
I'm most nervous about yeah talking to
girls know about here think I tore my
ACL do your ACLs down there oh then I
think I just tore my SAT what are you
doing what what's on your nose dude
they give you free cocaine when you come
here that's the key to get you amped up
so you want to do crazy stunts no no do
this for your hand so you have a better
grip why would you waste cocaine for
better grip done number one drug dealer
in LA meet the number one drug abuser in
hell hey how was the meeting my drug
dealer oh man dude I was living in there
for not even fucking 10 minutes and I'm
fucking late what's your style vlogging
you know what's usually shot lower as
like first-person ha do you ever touch
the camera does it just keep recording
you want any fruity stuff
no dude I got everything I need what
about filling breakfast and stuff you
know breakfast lunch what does this mean
that means we're good does it work with
other alcoholics yeah dude if you see
another one or you think you see one
just let's try it please
I could tell these guys drink ready my
friends are coming to visit can they can
they come over to your place
what's mom what's 7 times 7 49 what's
the capital of the United States
actually there is no capital the United
States what oh man yeah keep doing what
you're doing
Liza Liza you know the capital right
come here whisper to the camera whisper
it to the camera what's the capital of
the United States what is DC stand for
Wyoming that's right dude I literally
thought these shells let you hang stuff
upside down what the box is upside down
what dude who cares if I make fun of
Corona for point now would you blow
before her teachers see I told you four
of them four point oh Ultra Clean
washable markers well if they're ultra
clean then why have to wash them again
am i right that's a very big strides and
Alex make sure you like to subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik and they also
add liza
you have something to add to my wallet
from your bank account you need to pay
for this month we try to bring your
friends from bum buh buh B's we realize
the stuff alive and Omo this is the
landlord and the law says you need a
pain
