what is this broccoli you like you like
your greens huh yeah I like like green
dude this is a donut place where if you
look like you're here for the first time
you get a freakin a free donut so then
they're gonna tell you look like we're
here for the first time
holy cow those look like doughnuts I've
never had before
is this where you make the donuts Wow
yeah that's awesome
Wow thank you very good first donut guys
how's the best first donut I've ever had
we'll come back tomorrow look at that
shirt says big things are coming look
who's coming to my time yeah nice ironic
shirt name I'm a bust in and I'm gonna
pretend to be a robber right and you
have to do everything you can to try to
stop me
yo give me your water bottle man I'm
thirsty my friends out there my bad dude
yeah another water yeah who are you
voting for if you were old enough to
vote and smart enough to know what a
ballot is who would you vote for fuck
you're gonna catch film school it's not
even real dude is realer than dropping
out of college I mean Alex respect you
know what do you mean oh yeah who
brought you 24 pack of water today Jesus
gave birth to you bro so you could bring
that to me bro
Nick I'm efficient free I have never
been to and Porterville an airplane
before then how'd you get into the
country
Oh oops
Oh USPS oh fuck ups yes what you have
something else to say
hell yeah what do you want to do I don't
know there are so many things to do in
big secret what you got look that is
better than watching and that is
crocodile hunting issues and check it
out bunking no that's a horse it's a
horse what did you call me no the thing
on the picture is a horse well this is
donkey we do this
my country all the time I show you
American you all have so many doctors in
your country nurse are easily available
in my country I was pregnant I was
having baby yeah I rolled on back of
alpaca for a long time to find doctor
guess but I didn't find doctor I died
it's a fountain in there goes oh it's a
drinking world for the girls
no no just a fun Helga you look dashing
I'm dashing to us no no I'm like - oh no
like the British sir no daycare walls at
four okay no David David guys Liza and I
are in New York I'm terrible at
transitions but here we have her we're
here Liza do you think they're hiding
from the second of the 66th or in what
how dude insane take a picture take a
picture okay yeah
dude let me see it chickens billboard
looks exactly like Liza oh my god
again I'm pretending to take a picture
of Liza but if I'm gonna zoom in on this
guy oh my god that is terrifying that's
such a cliche like what are they even
digging for that's Harry's vlog thanks
for watching Michelle make sure you like
it subscribe tweet me I favorite dobrik
footie New Yorkers fun being a poet a
poet shared an airport you think the
time I have was bomb okay Airport plan
would be careful it gonna be quiet okay
I'll be quiet inside
go get a buddy
