ah oh no man no fucking back out what
legs really sorry right now so in the
last vlog Alex smashed the table with
the chair right and then Dom came home
and this was his reaction you want a
beer
sick huh due to the table what do you
mean it's Ari what do you mean a song he
doesn't fucking get it dude obviously it
wasn't happy so he made us go get a new
table and that we're setting it Huck
tables done what up dumb how you feel
about this brand-new table you know a
place that you can fill it you can sit
on the old one wait what are you doing
is you're making a mess hold on
Peg's Nick just made fun of Corinna and
he goes and the vlog wasn't even on a
couple of hours ago when you were in it
and you were like about to jump off the
balcony or whatever people commented no
no they said that we were too mean to
you so I was wondering if you like clear
up our name for sure alright cool
yeah thanks thank you thanks for enough
Nick do you feel like you're made fun of
a lot I wouldn't address this cuz I
don't want to keep making fun of people
you try to dress it so you can make fun
people your boss when you're okay with
that
yes I can make fun of you I guess it was
like I'm sucking through the showers I
mean I wouldn't
you know what's really crazy is like
he'll make you come over or he'll come
over there he'll get like a good five
minutes six minutes of footage and then
your fucking in there like to say nights
do you watch the bogging here's like
damn I hung out with that kid for three
hours
Alex incur in a match Tom bumble read it
I said oh hi he goes come over you're
hot
dot-dot-dot and then he says hope you
didn't believe that you fucking idiot
why are you so mean why you mean I'm
Tommy beaming to meet it and now you're
gonna be a jerk to me I'll fuck out why
are you gonna be a jerk I'm keeping your
friend yeah that's um a friend ever
since Liza turned 20 years old she keeps
telling people that she's still 19 what
do you tell big boy and you see him I
ask me how old I am and I say I used to
be 19 I used to be 19 yeah does that
work
yeah they don't say anything afterwards
like oh yeah
Alex baby lives are showing us where the
bananas are yeah bananas Alex they she
did a good job that's my kid dude don't
talk to my child like that
you weren't kidding you were a jerk you
called our weirdo rock yeah for what the
middle one
um yeah I guess what would you get it
for ya be nice I'm not sure if it would
go with the cover is yeah okay alex is
leaving for a long time to Minnesota so
you have anything that can remember you
by like a song my best friend
is back home in Minnesota that's rock
thanks for watching Ashley make sure you
like subscribe tweet me at david dobrik
guys out to the flight to catch I don't
want him to be late he's going to
Minnesota for a week and a half so I'm
just gonna think about it now Alex see
you later dude John I don't leave till
tonight let's just leave no get out of
here don't leave yet
get out of here out David I'm not
leaving else
we see
you did it dude now you can stop
pretending to be a stupid dog
