I think your followers are out there
stick your leg out stick your leg out
Jesse's my friend from back home Jesse
and I go way back Jesse hooked up with
my old roommate Mason first boyfriend
Wow congratulations on your sex change
so wait you never had to meet your
entire life we why can't you just be a
meat eater
I think I cry harder if like an animal
got hit by a car than a camera let's say
I buy a burger for myself but I'm too
full to eat it so I'm gonna put it to
the side it's dead I paid for it I
bought it but you can eat it no it's
either better I'm throwing it out okay
so now you're disrespecting the animals
no yeah the Indians at least no Indians
exactly it's all the parts of it and
they wouldn't throw the animal out you
didn't kill it the way that we killed
that doesn't matter Jessie it's dead
it's over it's over I had the burger I'm
either throwing the burger out Jesse or
you can eat it and save the animals life
yeah but like spiritually by eating it
you save its life Alex how many animals
have you saved by eating them yeah a lot
yeah how many spirits are in your body I
know what's the deal what you want to
let me know I just gotta let you know
man I don't want to see it Alex on the
toilet
Alex you hear this guy you must be more
of you on the toilet no he did not say
that flatter me are really inspiring
your videos make me laugh now talk about
Alex be nice to I'm telling you do that
cells I honestly don't know what to vlog
but I really want to vlog around you
just cuz I want people to know that we
have a lot of people are coming up to
Casey to ask for pictures so I think I'm
gonna have to act as his manager go for
it I'm just manager yeah you charge us
like 10 bucks but like I can I just
transferred the money can I do the
selfie now yeah come here
can you step in I don't get to close the
cases no no no no we don't touch him do
you want some more of me in his vlog
built Ford Tough
no that's that's the same no it's not a
pun that's okay though Casey give me a
part I don't
I don't have a pun I'm too much of a
chicken Casey what are those looking for
underwear but they only have ones for
hipsters
you're on a roll dude what's your
favorite part about VidCon so far what's
your favorite part about VidCon meet me
know me
everyone say nice things about Alex go
you're one of us now come on I don't
think you can walk around with the beer
very big guy what's your favorite part
about VidCon the fans and fucking what
about you I just love them fucking Jesus
shut the Frick up I want one song thanks
for watching Catherine makes you like to
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik any
I'll stand Liza Liza
are you thinking your back oh my god
sorry
reach
you
