driver carries no cash she's married I
don't get it
that's the joke that I get that you
probably wouldn't get what do you mean
the wife spends all the money Jason your
wife supported you for 30 years in you
should get laid tonight
yeah I have a hard time explaining to
people on that day well I mean are you
gay do you think you're gonna kiss me to
find out sure nothing you see how do you
delete stuff from here camera natural
disaster just my career what the fuck
who took these me and Alex fuck off yeah
recently yesterday they make your dick
side we're still on it you want to pop a
penis pill right now no really come on
we're doing this for science boys then
move it so we're here right now do the
secretly that's even weirder I don't do
any of this bad stuff I don't want this
to make those ago fucking weird a creep
or anything this isn't gonna make you
look like a weirdo
it's just gonna look like we banged
after this three two one Wow Oh No do we
just have boners like I'm kiddin follow
mine no what's your problem Saturday I
have things to do what are you doing on
Saturday I don't want to fuck you just
say it
what do you mean dinner with my
girlfriend's family the pills hit in 20
minutes so we ordered food at the piece
of shop across the street so we gotta go
eat first why you guys a bonus the pizza
was fantastic holy fuck does that guy
have a third leg
pihl's make it feel so good took a
couple butter pills together because
we're best friends maybe this was
supposed to the best day in my lonely
pills but we feel we don't feel horny or
anything we just feel good good enough
you make this into the cup I'll give you
$2,000 right now get ass
dead ass yes I'll PayPal you $2,000
right now you can't land it I'm not
lying badass I really need this this is
50k crap the two grand go guys today
Jonah's gonna jump over this swimming
pool because he just wants to not
because I told him to 3 2 1 go Jonah
okay so maybe Jonah wasn't the best idea
so I called in a favor from David's
bitches
holy shit I can't believe you went back
and you
at last 90 hours so what's up share how
dick or the pill will get me in Monday's
wash
