need a plumber you can trust gonna call
him calm hey Jerry yeah I can trust you
right
what is that oh it's funny strength
funny thing what's the deal with
lampshades yeah I mean if it's a lamp
why do you want shade what is that it's
a it's uh is that prehistoric weed
yeah it's research fossilized we
chinatown fucking Romeo these
international charges are fucking
outrageous no Alex this is just we're
still in the u.s. yeah bullshit look at
the look around you David yeah you're
right
I'm Radisson chinatown versus looking
for fireworks this lady just famous
speech about our stereotyping Chinatown
Dom fix it just cause you go to
Chinatown they're not legal in
California anymore
all those fireworks since you pointed at
the exact top that told us you can't get
fire at this dude you know listen those
fireworks is so stupid I hate pop rocks
yeah they remind me of my dad hey wat
they remind me of my dad oh hi it's my
pop rocks
we're here at Chinatown and we're a
little bit concerned about this dog
popular myths would suggest that they're
gonna they eat dogs it's just it's like
a racist thing people say I better warn
them there's the car driver Chuck on in
all three the Knicks offering me advice
on how to pick up a girl yeah if you're
21 years or older there will be drinks
involved I have never experienced this
nervousness 21 years or older do you
think you'd get drunk off like got like
a shot of beer I wouldn't know because
I've never tried it
so you've kissed her right and boom
that's it she's in love with you you're
in love with her what's next what's in
that little heart or do you have two
hearts how many hearts yeah I'm not he's
gone regular person yeah she's not
feeling you and you're feeling her then
it's just sexual harassment and you know
all about that don't you and when one's
a good time to get married let's just
say
this conversations close yeah yeah I
don't want to talk about power my
friends are on divorce training no no
but like they're about to be no no no
because then people in your comments
will be like oh so big names mamas say
when are you turning 18 you can't hook
up with like younger girls anymore I
know so I'm just gonna just go hard yeah
yeah no pun intended
yeah but yours like naturally fine I
just realized that I could put Dom
smoking weed in this video because he's
legally on smoke weed hell yeah this on
the other hand I don't know this illegal
it sounds like Scott what do you think
kids are gonna think Val I let's just be
super clear here
I don't endorse smoking at all not
neither of us none of us indoor smoking
yourself Dom you have to smoke weed
because of your medical condition right
yeah how'd you get your permit to smoke
weed you know those things that they
check your near the other doctors office
yeah no problem one of those and they
hit me in the head and they're like did
you feel that I'm like yeah yep you can
smokes any any guy really wants it
that's the various vlog thanks for
watching Chloe it makes you like it
subscribe tweet bitsy there you go who
can I choose oh that's a very slack they
started amber makes you like subscribe
tweeted me at david dobrik and then
who's Chloe I made that name up who is
an example oh you two aren't Chloe's
close too close
