Alex Alex be the thumbnail Liza is a
quick movie movie trip what's your trick
movie trick where she's a buck Kurt
preferably unbuttered I'm butter straw
yeah put the straw detector push the
popcorn topping aka butter and it goes
straight down the straw into the center
what do you have not butter on top look
water every wish you ever gonna be
married I mean probably one day yeah how
long you think it's gonna last I mean
till death do us part right yeah like
probably two years what do you have to
say to people that cheat on their wives
you're scum you're a piece of shit and I
hope it was worth it if you have to
choose between cigarettes or toddies
body what would you choose oh man I just
rather work hard you'd rather work hard
and keep smoking patty what would you
choose wait well what would his body
look like if it wasn't like this you
know I'm saying there's got to be like a
hey what you guys a twitch oh god that's
fucking explain what's going on here
with your hair why did you do that
where'd your girlfriend say about your
hair she said she likes it she says it
makes me look like Justin Bieber really
sexy and we had sex she orgasm more than
ever before but it holding Bieber do
these work on me ya know like actually
yeah you're lying
yeah yeah we're all taking a picture but
we can't decide who's gonna take the
picture so we think the ugliest person
yeah but then again he always ends up
taking the picture literally told me
like seven days ago that she thought
you're hot David I'll fuck your friend
alright Karina
oh she wants to hook up with heat so I
just brought her a lot hey I just bought
a brand new drone so I'm gonna try to
play around with it a little bit
best around to join a little bit more
and then I'm gonna put in the next log
instead I break it down Nikki go in the
hospital tomorrow
give me your chances of survival I knew
it I told you is somebody good thumbnail
Nick if you get cremated we can put your
ashes in a little shot glass so that
would save us a lot of money
no princess Leigh I didn't sleep around
Carina Nick introduce us to your mom hi
do you have anything to say about Nick
that you've never told anyone before do
you get angry when I make fun of Nick in
the blogs
no because I know no dumb shit every day
this blog is actually sponsored by big
Nick productions why is it that
beautiful people make ugly babies well
two beautiful people make one ugly baby
together
huh so we have half a chance at making a
beautiful baby cuz you're ugly you're
ugly right actually have a little
chocolate idea on the glass my skin tone
no legit chocolate right that that's my
mom no okay here Oh sobs like why I eat
but the G brick symbolizes really bummed
out because she thinks the last night
show is terrible
yeah thanks Raj and Laura it makes you
like subscribe to be at david dobrik
anything else as i what
