I got it right now it's run run hey look
Liza's in the vlog before the outro hi
guys psyche that's it for various vlog
thanks for watching add the base couch
don't believe it they seem like a bunch
of nice guys cool guys look at this they
carved a face into her and they gave her
a terrible haircut
Hey ugly oh my god dude it says it's
suits away wrinkles you can be young
again all your wrinkles yeah try it
nope no no no longer wrinkles
hey let's go stick stuff no Alex out
zestimate it's 4:14 that's 602 it's way
thing okay
six up to six we did Alex Alex is mad at
Dom for using all the toilet paper
it's a goddamn wheel spinning Oh paper
if there's one person I hate hanging out
with it's gonna be definitely well let
me show you I'm here open the door what
happened almost every single day since I
moved in here year ago oh no way it's
like literally at the bottom how long
has this candle been burning yeah
straight yeah just a year straight yeah
I'd look at it but I'm a little allergic
to so you have that tender date tonight
and what do you expect to get out of it
either a good story or a sushi roll a
sushi roll
for sure getting is that a sex position
I haven't gone on a date where a guy has
paid for my dinner in like so long it's
probably cuz they're scared you're gonna
eat too much I feel so bad I make those
joke what are you up to damn what's that
that's Red Solo Cup well this yeah oh
that's a scale for a while not sharing
like what the stuff where's it Orange
that's not granite thing that's another
thing that's a Bacardi or something what
is that
why is it all green in there oh it
smells like skunk what's your favorite
part about having a drug-dealer roommate
oh and
knock on the door at 3:00 in the morning
slicin I always doing the outer on the
beige couch in the living room so now
we're deciding to mix it up so we
decided to move the base couch into the
kitchen this camera doesn't work that
that's the cameras use oh just to give
this perspective yeah oh that's pretty
lock thanks for watching Danielle it
makes you like to subscribe tweet me at
david dobrik anything else at Eliza I
kind of like that the couch in the
kitchen why it makes me more comfortable
being a woman doing my cooking and
cleaning big female
from heaven we all gotta give
you
