hey what's up oh you're on speaker right
you're scaring me a lot yeah did you
really want to be scared yeah I asked
you to so I said thanks when I got
scared I was like thanks so it's heats
birthday today we brought Liza's
birthday cake here because we're on a
budget and we can't fight heat some new
cake don't come out here
we'll call you out oh happy birthday
what you wish for more six oh my god I
can't even put this on the thumbnail
it'll scare away kids this is to Heath
may you have at least two more years
left with all that smoking you day and
what are you drinking water what's going
on how old are you actually thinks I'm
like 37 I'm 23 how would you think
you're gonna be next year dad nothing
weird thighs those are the heat hates
gays socks collection you saleable at
Target of alpha target I wish people
commented he hates gays on my Instagram
got what first that's how I gotta tattoo
first the CK what a CK stamp for killer
what does that even mean it's art gang
yeah it's your game
17:18 and how many of you guys have that
tattoo that's how much of a gay baby
what are you guys doing the game
why are you roommates with Zayn then we
beat him up I respect it's got a good
one going why is in a bad mood
it smell like poop in your apartment
Liza we just left your apartment
remembering this elevator and I called
you beautiful and you're like that's not
going on the vibe because no one knew we
were dating yeah it was just like a
little sign to me in the blog domain
being you knew or talking about but not
everybody knows cuz the secrets out that
you're pregnant yeah I get some
deodorant which one's your favorite oh
yeah you do didn't you run out like
three weeks ago no I actually haven't
run out yeah I think I'm literally a
different person everything on social
media what do you mean on my vines I'm a
three year old and then on your vlogs
okay bark fins do me a favor and answer
my DMS and pay me to predict bark fence
that is a bark that's what they taste
like unless you DM me and pay me to
promote your product why is it what
cookie you on look that cookie says it's
just sugar that could be good easy
they're good I don't know if it should
be what a lot
oh my god is that shoe that was a waste
of money
that's amazing by yourself
anything else to add big big ask
yourself that question that was a good
one I'm gonna use this one
