ready yeah guy let's see it probably
need a little more alcohol delete that
part we're gonna do it again and make it
look like it was my first time okay here
we go
belief that would delete it delete it
fucking if you put that fucking shit
delete that fuck delete that try baby
what's on your foot that is horrible
not ever reporting they're not big
enough then go back into the poison oak
gonna new get a new batch only if you
get this you get the kiss heat on the
mouth do it it's a win-win if you get
bottled stun kisses so nauseous I don't
look like a homophobe now I still feel
it you kiss I feel his tongue on my
tongue still and what's wrong with this
tongue yeah why do you look pretty silly
the fact that you just made out with a
dude and you still hate gays oh no it's
just like double the you hated gays oh
my god beef I can't believe you just
admit that you hated gays I didn't watch
this I actually kind of feel bad cuz I
never put Scottie in the vlog so Scottie
this is your big day I put you in the
box for at least 45 seconds he's why
what a bummer
oh my god dude they fucking have it do
it what is it it's a new one they just
came out with the flip top box it wore
real flip top cigarettes oh my gotta go
oh my god heat I've never seen such
broken dreams you okay but I can I just
make another one tonight
watchers poop outside in the bushes like
you normally do huh
I was saying you don't want poop in the
bushes I'm surprising Alex I'm gonna
take him to one of his best friend's
house Alex doesn't know what friend it
is yet but you're coming keep your eyes
covered come on come on I keep going for
if you go far too much keep him close
stop peeking
you excited okay ready open your eyes
that's for YouTube's idea yeah he's so
vulgar right he's like you think he's
like seven years old but that when he
opens his mouth it's just like what's
going on whoa yo niggas tabs pick on
someone your own size he made a camera
at any age wise how what do you want to
become a youtuber favorite pickup line
you see it girl is your because no what
do you think your friend hugh janus I
don't know what's the name yeah yeah
we're interviewing this guy do you want
to be in that interview are you guys
talented just as much town isn't it
that's it for today's vlog thanks for
watching Kendra makes you like subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik anything else
at outs we just hang out with big
don't expect me to talk to you the rest
of the night
