how much did you smoke yeah I don't know
if like everyone else has this but this
is the strangest thing I daddy's just
pushed in the car right once she gets a
certain distance away from the store the
car won't go any further I don't get it
I go fast what push it for us are you
kidding me yeah are you guys hi nice
kiss to prove it I cou I cou
cuz I I know I see you know boys I could
just target have a new clean shave
policy you wanna have a one-night one
we're not 21 and - I hate complaining
what's your problem here I don't know
just some of the comments on your vlogs
people like oh I don't get it like it's
so weird like I'm strangely attracted to
Heath like like it like it's such a
weird fucking thing like as if I'm some
fucking monster am i that unattractive
that it's like a fucking problem that
these people I don't I don't get it
it's insane ya know why'd you take it
off what what do you think don't say a
word
what's that all about who's knocking at
your balcony oh my god it's a insane
woody dados name yo what the heck's
going on it got hot - would you lose a
button I got warmer
the reason here you also shirt do you
have drawn on a bee
whoa ah what's going on I just want to
look like toddy you're so aggressive are
you okay you know you don't you just
tell me you love me
whoa Oh Keith get in here know if you
had to choose if you have to choose to
date one of these guys what what yeah
what I like having a good face is not a
good personality huh oh wow wow wow
really
you wanna drive you drive like that
right now okay we not do not driving
we're not doing this again you do walk
the line right now walk a straight line
right now he pretend an officer okay
yeah all right Keith I want you to walk
a straight line cuz you look pretty
drunk let's see it walk a straight line
for me okay no I said walk why are you
running so fast I gotta get home to Joe
Liza let's pretend like we're in a cool
movie like to get away from the cops
lies I grab the keys this is driving
with Liza part something something
where's the you on a banana you want a
better analyzer go get it
so it's like that looks like a giraffe
from Madagascar when he like to the
splits watching throughout you know like
stuff I was sitting in unladylike
theater that's a lot of instructional X
that makes you like it subscribe tweet
me at david dobrik why is anything off
bad know hundreds blog is coming david
