he can't be around any STDs yeah how
many yeah actually yeah four don't live
to encounter Chevy's Mexican restaurant
seriously Chevy it's gross it's probably
oily David which one do you want what
Vic just like what Kubiak choose one was
it great
the toilets broken again Liza oh that's
poopie yeah no poop sharks no pictures
why I always want to say that they're
hot build up inside of me you you're
Reba oh that was bad no was it no it was
bad okay maybe I didn't frame it
properly just okay just picture this if
I smoke one of these can I be in the
blood what you gonna do now one hand so
you're telling me that again you've
attempted to quit smoking right yeah
even even one a day it's just awful for
your house so you don't smoke one a day
anymore
I know I just I just think it's really
bad to do one today is that - yeah I
feel like it either really get shot like
that somebody just gets shot and the
bullet lands right there I feel like it
would have you sold drugs me can be
honest yeah do you sound like bad drugs
I could get you in trouble
I mean like all drugs are bad but like I
let me sell the kids that way they don't
rat what do we have - Scott we're going
to dinner it's gonna be it's a sushi
play wait keep it on me I want to talk I
want us be in the vlog for once in my
life please
Burlington doors really awesome guys
electronics you're out her up man this
dinner this dinner was fantastic kids
oh my one thing Dale Earnhardt jr. beer
the best oh my god
no one cares
stop with the tail you guys think of the
night hey guys we're in a restaurant
David I said don't put this in the
fucking floor I have to finish my life
thanks fries and Sylvia makes you like
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik
something else at Eliza I do I'm gonna
hit that black thing with this
Clementine you have another comment
me
