now it sounds Taco Bell it was really
good I was a pair of fire how do you
like I like that it's a pigeon it's a
pigeon
it's 335 and if you guys remember from
last vlog
she gave me shit for being a stupid
who's in bed cel-3 me yeah everybody
okay let's make everybody paranoid eat a
goddamn banana I was not even gonna make
a joke but now something to talk about
what you did like it's just a fruit it's
not even that gross I don't know why
people like a big deal out of it you
brought it up so you made your own joke
because we all know why why what's wrong
with bananas all the potassium why would
you be self-conscious about potassium
are you self-conscious about the
potassium Karina so since you've been
here in LA how many guys have you hooked
up with so far this place is ginormous
mom mom no Alex asked you didn't come
here with your mom it's just us oh
that's what current is gonna do to you
if you misbehave Jesus Christ what's
wrong
new camera this means you can smoke it
at nighttime now me no I don't want to
be a part
oh you a little pity party Brittany
really likes me but Sarah just wants to
keep fucking me and then like lay low
like I don't even know what to do with
her like I just like fucking or so does
my pity party I have a bigger problem in
smoking weed
yeah weeds gonna fix your problem loser
loser who says loosen people who don't
smoke weed or losers how many times you
throw up because of like poisoning to
your body so like alcohol or weed or
cigarettes what
oh fuck so this girl's snapchats me
she's like hey are you the guy that
smokes and David's vlogs I think I found
your snapchat and then she's like I
started smoking because of you see like
I feel really bad like I don't want
people like smoking and shit like
because I do it like you know doing like
it's an all I don't you quit no I did I
quit a couple days ago you quit a couple
days ago yeah I haven't had a cigarette
and probably oh we just got subway huh
and now we're going this way
oh man where do you find all your jokes
that way some people are having a hard
time believing that we're dating we're
dating
so we're gonna do this to help you guys
believe if we weren't dating could I do
this
Wow if we weren't dating can't do this
no way what I did it if we weren't
dating could I do this if we weren't
dating could I do this
all right go huh nice boom so that's
pretty subtle and now you know that were
dating
finance of a day's walk thanks for
watching video and make sure you like
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik
anything else that as a yes gives you g
to show or DD
