oh my god is actually really good we're
gonna water you've been playing pretty
hard
Safa suspicion circuit saying lies and I
were dating ruby circled all the
November 28th on all the calendars and
in the last vlog Liza said she was
pregnant so everyone thought that was
their due date but no that's just when
we started dating we've been keeping new
from you for three months feel special
you shouldn't because we've been dating
for three months
signs flickering Liza when do you think
it's gonna die
we're going to casco for the first time
ever because Karina has a platinum card
oh my god dude she said you got a boner
yesterday when you hug bear was that
true we're gonna be reading some mean
comments
Vivian Margie said stop touching each
other's dicks Leah Kailyn says fucking
fat piece of shit
pathetic lowlife cunt that all these
comments are about you this is rose
Kelly says David peace sitting down 1%
dude if I'm in my own house always
pissing up much easier I don't do you be
saying that no never he says I'm trying
to think of a creative insult
let the work any money I just read a
comment to myself like now a lot and I
want like this with the camera like
acknowledging the comment but I every
serve on here is the dwarf service
you're gonna tell the line that we're
dating - right yeah
great time along cat yeah he really
doesn't mal
yeah be went to the Grammys last night
how is it Gabby she's doing well she's
getting like oh this is a grandma joke
what lies it don't do it
why's that don't do it no Liza wow that
was intense
wait where is your hand if you're drunk
through guys
fuck dude I'm trying to blog about me
because I hurt my knees and you guys are
stealing all youth attention away from
me go tell your vlogs but I'm one step
high that's a four days bob thanks for
watching Giuliana makes you like
subscribe tweet Nihat david dobrik Alex
yeah Alex you have anything else a dad
you can help with someone who's this
who's this no David it's not what it
looks like
