when you get one of these for free
drinks with the Pearson leaves
a broom kind of stood in it like midair
for like a really weird awkward amount
of time so we're gonna figure this out
it's just their chili dogs are hot shit
Gaby's weight loss goals are always
posted on door what the fuck was that
yeah yo Gabby we'll see you later that
was fucking strange if you're ever
having a bad day or just need some
encouragement take one or as many as you
want
yeah be it's empty I have to tell you
something I'm not white oh my god not at
all
oh wait Wow what's that joke I'm so
Brown we have to go because you probably
ought to take a shower right we're gonna
head out you have to take a shower right
yeah bye Gaby I miss you so much
we'll see you later Gaby everyone say
thumbnail nail the Beatles okay what's
wrong with him the Beatles so Scotty
never slept in his room last night he
stopped coming everyone and was telling
me stories about broomsticks
you look like you fell asleep watching
TV you let see your first commercial for
coffee go what do you guys like to start
off your mornings with no no just coffee
what do you guys like to start your
morning's off with every morning what
are you like starting your mornings off
with every morning I like starting yeah
and you just can we just let heat dude
okay what do you like to start your
morning off with every morning I like to
wake up and make a big cup of dick all
right Alex I'm taking new Alex to the
airport he's leaving
I forgot my camera see you soon I see
ma'am thanks for coming by Alex what a
good time I answer for today's vlog
thanks for watching Griffin make sure
you like subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik god dude there be good an entire
time yes i wanted to make sure he
fucking left
