don't fucking new Alex said to me what's
dude he fucking said what are you doing
dude I were about to pick up Gabi to go
to Target and since Gabi doesn't know
Ilya or Alex really Lilly's gonna go sit
down at the end of the street and he's
gonna look really equity oh you're gonna
look sketch like weird like yeah he's
gonna look really sketchy and he's gonna
stop the car
and we're just gonna try to freak out
Gabi and he's gonna get it I don't know
we'll play it by it we don't know over
to it
but just remember to be really weird
please please men I don't where are you
going window just in the car I can't
tell you like I feel like you're gonna
blow her fucking Gunners I died behind
me I don't know that definitely a
hospital
I think you don't want to know what I
did I need a piece of art please man
where do you need to be I'll tell you
were to go please dude I can't get a
taxi how much fucking money anything
you're freaking me the fuck out like if
I feel like we're like fucking harboring
the fucking fugitive or something I'm
not even joking I'm so uncomfortable
okay I'm lettuce I'll tell you another
few right what did you do that you can't
tell us about I can't like it if I tell
you you won't fucking drive me can you
please drive me we're gonna drive you
don't know okay come on please
can you call manoeuvre yeah where do you
need to go I can't like it
I never will take me where I'm going
please no we're not fucking taking you
where you're going are you kidding
please go straight oh my god I don't
know
now I need to get home please please
it's okay like ever again I look under
guys I'm sorry
like it's not in the video
yeah no you looking at all yo girl and
next time
why is this always like dick
no I don't want it here here comes the
airplane right so David you know how
you've been asleep in that coma for ten
years yeah you know those stocks you
invested in yeah look what I gotcha
oh no no no not that one no not this one
right
this one yeah fucking go car can we
record the movie well that's it for
today's vlog thanks for watching Haley
makes you like subscribe tweet me at
david dobrik and then you got that Alex
no no new Alex I think I'll say yeah
sucking on my titties like you wanted me
calling me all the time that bony chip
out my Chrissy behind it's fine
all of the time let's check some
features what else is in the teaches of
peaches huh
