so you know how you like our embarrass
to our Huggies check this out for men
it's for Matt it's like fucking sick I
do like that a lot
but I don't need them so I'll put them
back I guess what this is passenger with
Liza I write tutorial with Liza what do
you have to do first you have to burn
off your eyebrows done no you'll be born
without them David okay you put on your
makeup do you think about things to help
you like get inspired yes what Vincent
van Gogh yeah
who do you think use more pain Vincent
Mangano's paintings or are you on your
face did you have eyebrows yeah yes
eyebrows in me I'm with Scott Ian's in
every play some charades real quick
really like hard that same time good a
little bit I'm focusing but you're right
it in later look at me I suck you're
supposed to eat it and swallow it
immediately up keep it in your mouth
okay so my god
No are you good
okay oh my god is Heiser bloodshot
rolling Scotty looks like you got stuff
you think could actually swallow it oh
there he goes
Keith what do you have to say too cocky
yourself ten years ago I was wrong doing
Hollywood your birthday how old are you
turning 14 14 but that's enough to kiss
Alex
you don't win the gold medal at the
Olympics so you become the gold medal go
kiss him dances I think that's what he's
waiting for
oh he wants you to hold his hand I mean
it√≠s gonna you can leave your friends
behind because if your friends don't
dance and they if they don't answer they
ain't no friends of mine
oh oh he's shaking it you want you to
shake it as you kiss him they're all
about finding a girlfriend when the one
that you've wanted this right here Alex
I wish sure just act the way he acts
when the cameras off by anything alex
has been walking behind you the entire
time Lucky's pretending like he doesn't
hear us the beauty out Gabby have you
ever been there
whoa Alex calm down you know how much I
love
that's it for today's vlog thanks for
watching Alisa makes you like subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik a lot of tweets
the other day asked if alex is only
shirtless when he's in the vlogs and i
want to let you guys know if that's true
so here we go that wakes yeah what's up
dude you know why oh yeah no no
