the next rule not to show you is the
living room
it's happens all the time I Alex if you
won the Powerball what would you spend
it on
girlfriend what alright by a lot of
stuff Oaks and I are both at USC right
now this is both of our first times
being at being at a school that's a
student what's up dude it's awesome you
only see those in the movies this doors
alarm hey take it easy it's just me Alex
and I are leaving USC earlier because
the guy came up to us with a pen and
paper and he asked us to fill out a
survey I don't even know her right and I
don't even know what a survey is he does
know what a survey is I don't know we're
doing at a school you're like a
woodpecker or like a hummingbird stupid
one did I think embarrassing yeah why
don't you pick on someone your own
dimension
what does it do oh it says it there's
eleven buds in here so eleven oh my best
friends are in here what's the test
button
oh this if you want to do mathematics
this is the sexiest view I've ever seen
in my life
remember when I spanked you up here got
the bruises
it's Mesa yep dude everyone's always
commenting where is Mesa where is Mason
what's dirty Downton today dirty I'm
just making some fake IDs for people
today you know is amazed to getting a
fake ID
no he's getting no no I was 21 yeah so
what says he's getting a premie getting
an idea that makes him look I want Mason
back in the vlogs people I guess like
from the vlogs are shittier so you live
in the art community right do people
date other people are you guys just date
paintings Oh
you know that dance is fresh it look new
do you ever take that off yeah when you
get a job working at a store but you
can't keep your balance nice
welcome to bow street no guys that's a
whip when you have a friend named Jay
and other people don't know yes so
they're like j.crew
Jacob Jacob Felton coming out to La Brea
I think your mom's pussy squirt like a
fountain he's probably right about bad
dude you know my back have you back yeah
Scott you suck dude you're bad friend
don't talk my friend Scott like that
what are you doing oh come on you know
wait for me come on
hey buddy buy you a new one no you did
enough no I'm sorry I'd want you to give
me a side one it wasn't signed dude that
just you you what is this you wrote that
with marker no I did not what do you
want me to do make this up to you
Alex do what no backrub dude hi Cindy
are 2:45 and she told me that if she
doesn't get here by 2:45 she'll buy me
Taco Bell but if she gets here before
2:45 I already owe girl and so I'm gonna
make sure that doesn't happen because I
love to akribos right now it's about to
turn to 44 right to 44 there she is
40-foot like a minute to get to the end
of the hallway to my house and what do I
lose because I lost this bet you have 15
seconds that's the wrong apartment
thirty to forty five so you're like 240
and she's like taking your time down the
hallway talking shit and then boom you
only Taco Bell
I forgot to do an outro but thanks for
watching Ariana wish you liked subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik and I have
something else to add well Alex does so
I'm gonna cut to that nap all right one
more thing make sure you check out
Alex's video we made it on his channel
I'm gonna link in the description it's
really funny go check it out okay yeah
thank God you give me attitude buddy
though
