there she is my little sunshine what
you're like a little kid from a
Christmas story after coming up playing
with snowmen okay I'm not playing the
tents being a pink blob these are the
highlights I end up losing town and I
lost $30 and probably two gallons of
sweat I also poop this teddy bear looks
like a store just open and all the toys
are coming back into place but he
couldn't get they're supposed to keep my
head warm
hey guys today lies they're gonna be
doing the gallon challenge we can find
milk so we found the next thing that was
white we found awesome bleach we're
gonna drink in we're gonna see how much
we can drink can we get these nerf
bullets all right here we go I got the
wheelchair
yeah Nick push Alex you don't get all
the fun stuff hey man my son hit that
joy we're gonna drop you off right here
and he's gonna save you from repented
we'll see you later
you've repented your sins walk my child
oh my god oh my god it's a miracle you
wouldn't miss this everybody see the
bikinis Melfi I posted today I started
nobody wanted to tell me I look good
well why do you gather like gallons deep
you're not even worth that price really
now so she has this for your new kid I'm
not having a kid dude my mom watches
these vlogs don't put that shit in there
I'm not having a kid we're having a baby
we're not a big deal you saying it's not
a big deal isn't gonna make it go away
having a baby made you stupid
Debbie's obviously pregnant and it was
photoshopped but that part it's not zoom
in on the picture this baby my dad
watches this I'm gonna pour all this
powder stuff until Isis mouth yeah let's
do it
three two what are you doing with it Wow
quick thumbnail
okay good like your friends let me see
Wow can't stop drooling David I told you
to bypass while we work that's it for
today's vlog thanks for watching Jackie
and make sure you like and subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik anything else
at up yeah can you put Kidz Bop song at
the end of this one it's that no one
listens to kids by speeding okay now
watch me whip whip watch me nae nae now
watch me whip whip it watch me nae nae
okay now watch me whip whip watch
