vlogs are scripted these vlogs are
scripted scripted
you ready just having a good time
what are you doing
I after that incident Alex find out that
it's best to stay on the leash and I run
away from me correct yes good are you
still looking for a girlfriend yeah
should I get her waiter can you be
Alex's girlfriend have you ever had a
boyfriend as cute as Alex oh my god dude
uber boater yes
snog on the same heats because they got
a ping-pong table and if there's ever
any reason to hang out Dan Heath it's
because they have a ping-pong table yep
are we using zani for their ping pong
table well there's a bear shit in the
forest
yup yeah how do you dance if you just
see a girl you kind of runs out the club
pretend errands the girl you're trying
to impress pretend there's a girl oh my
god I already feel doing it this is a do
disclose on part to their return
it was a big big world bug people people
they go pushing each other to the limits
we were learning quicker Oh guys who
remembers this same fruit is ready
what's up don't chill chill like that
where you going to square them with
Jesus Christ what did you take your
makeup off nice scarf lose there what
are you a girl yeah you guys smoke pot
that's it
way to rip my ticket now you can't go
see the movie super James Bond thanks
for watching Patrick makes you like
subscribe tweet David go brick and the
outside my two best friends for
spongebob Patrick yeah probably do some
Bon Jovi
