this views beautiful dude the only thing
I'll make it better would probably be
like a coke that I can share a real
friend fucking girlfriend make this shit
better let's get the fuck out of here
dude What's Wrong dude what do you mean
Oh what stepmoms song-wise what do you
mean get a only different meatballs
yeah a diet you want to get that get
that you
that's too much
David God use a fork but use a fork
sorry
I think she got a rug
I'm just waiting for the red sign our
Sigma you want cold drinks it's gonna be
a 2013 this SP wet you got something
do you a bees way
smacking beetles are getting more and
more complicated every day jeez look
honey ruin the car with that bumper
sticker God not as dumb as that guy with
the handicapped sticker oh wow he's
clever do you always put that in your
mouth makes me cool what do you mean the
movie you're out no the documentary
about my lifetime
now let's go under there you can see up
there scared
every what you think in the movie who
stole Grossman so good you know what
else is so gross throw these adders give
him to homeless first since you doesn't
giant fuck you to the homeless first if
you keep us to the home environment
right Debbie I already out of this vlog
there's only two minutes and twenty
seconds long so you'll fill this shit up
yeah so feel free to be as slutty as you
want that's Julius thing so what are you
gonna do what are you using as paper
weights what what my lies is gonna
attempt the gum trick I mean you're a
girl so no one's expecting anything
everywhere I go
my god it was terrible passing gas a guy
need a healthier version don't eat too
much in Bonn yeah
can't be what he gonna do for
Valentine's Day and that's it for
today's vlog thanks for watching Jordan
makes you like subscribe Queen bad david
dobrik anything out that bad okay
