pretty cool of you for kissing
good morning Liza Liza Liza Liza okay I
know you were here
that bed you did it this is driving with
Liza
I just got a haircut yes it's true I got
a haircut yesterday way to take a
fucking spotlight from me David Alex you
want one of these are two of these
how many is enough fucking up our
friendship people are actually starting
to believe it I mean it's true but like
I don't want people to actually know it
okay it's really annoying and I'm
getting so many comments that I do
people aren't supposed to autistic guys
watch this inception it's a cart and
inside it is another car and inside that
is a milk carton da Dada great I have to
come up with a pun right now dude that
was so cheesy man just go and go man go
I will pin you on that one or this one
this one that one kind of smells it's
some house it's a bin dude how Beckett
god I've been in there for so long
onion onion onion and yeah onion onion
cutie-cutie say cheese okay sorry you're
sexy did you know this targets 24 hours
wait for our you have we could stay here
till the break of dawn bat flies at the
airport I'm gonna miss you hey don't
worry okay I'm gonna miss you too bye
David that's just so doesn't feel left
out
visiting my place watering my ficus
morning your ficus no I'm just always
wanting to say that whenever I lived in
this guy's license plate makes it look
like a bus my God look at that boat
David stop playing around goodbye David
Merry Christmas
I think god I used him for the ride to
the airport
Oh Alex there's a kid on my bed daddy
and I are gonna play a quick game of how
much we know each other ask other
questions
and we will write down the answer we
want to see if we get the same thing
what's your favorite food so he's gonna
write down his favorite food um I try to
guess some and um bye okay yeah you're
right on your favorite food all right
yeah okay he'll be camera on chard on
three one two three
we're not playing this you're ready to
die bitch
all right that's it for today's vlog
thanks for watching glory make sure you
like subscribe tweet me at david dobrik
i i've been a game idea so before adding
this vlog alex is gonna guess how long
this vlog is and I'm gonna guess how
long this vlog is if you get it right I
have to blow you and if I get it right
you have to blow me I don't think your
guess 4:17 okay my guess is for 40 dude
what the fuck
you can't just voiceover like that rules
are rules buddy yes you're right
