kick this soccer ball hit that chair
heap is my witness this is my first
Alex what the fuck dude you went to the
twenty one pilots concert without me
that would didn't happen till the next
day oh he's talking about going at
twenty one pilots concert and concert
it's like it's waffle bumpy but we're
all just like whatever and then he buys
six tickets but it's so weird you look
like a fit fat person has you take on
smaller yeah I do cuz I'm losing the
Fupa
oh no smaller no I've gained at least a
good three-quarter inch in the past
month well here you gain that much your
sister oh my god bringing out the
tickets it starts at four
it's 6:55 we're gonna make it
we're going to look I can read it in
Arlen or snugger boys I am here or blood
drive oh yeah we'll see you in that
personality mmm
chubby time wake up you're gonna miss
the show
wake up man oh it's just a jacket guy he
said do you want onions he said no just
lyza Zane's gonna clean this out yeah
thank you Jesus co-counsel my
boyfriend's a musician really
hayri what's you doing see you later
loser by rai by get there by Gabe Jesus
Christ I got to confuse at both
panelists I Liza where we going my
friend just moved into their apartments
we're going to see how it is you David
editing hello oh my god that was the
wrong point you know the address is six
one one oh but that's 6 1 7 oh there's
no sound with you the number looked
exact same yeah again my name is sounds
exactly like you don't do that is that
you know I'm at a diner advisories are
going to be asking each other a lot of
questions what's one thing that you
really like only bring one thing who
would you not bring you are Jewish what
would I say after this happy juhi a
plane yeah I'd beat a flier so I'm out
of the mom
man hey Jerr no thank you
I want to stay a kid that's it for
today's vlog thanks for watching Josie
but - hey subscribe to be outdated over
anything else add pretty cool
Oh
Oh can I Drive it oh-oh-oh-oh
