Alice hurry up we're gonna be late Jesus
Christ dude don't give me fucking
attitude hurry up what is that what is
this god dammit outfit parking in LA is
impossible is a little trick on how to
park anywhere you want if it's permit
parking only just take an old receipt
take your gum out put it on the back of
the receipt and put it right up there
now it looks like you got a permit we
good look at that I look like just like
any other car okay now I'm pretty
confident about that but that's actually
my first time doing that and if it works
I'll be very happy it's been like a good
40 minutes so I'm a little better okay I
think my genius idea did not work at all
or maybe just someone left me a love
note on my car
yeah 64 dollars they awarded me $64 for
bases in the fucking creative TV this
fucking up in that garage with a bit
like 700,000 so I think I made a pretty
good deal but this stupid idea doesn't
work dougie
now I have to go somewhere else which
allows me to give you my second tip of
partying in that way when you have to
park someone you don't want to pay for
the meter all you do is put your old
parking ticket under the windshield so
it looks like you just got one and
there's no way you get a second one you
know look at this view oh shit oh you
can see my car getting towed it didn't
work guys hi guys moment of truth hey it
told you work I just saved two dollars
turn around facing the wall and then
when the music breaks down you know and
Taylor Swift goes you guys gonna turn
around and that's when the music's gonna
really start
has been here the whole time
this is so weirdly insane and it wasn't
planned at all
you know what I'd love about school
zones the children yeah and like how
flex slow they make you drive so it
gives you a longer time to look at the
kids why does it smell like poop in here
Oh I stepped in poop where'd you step in
poop my bathroom you had a dog sexy lost
dog I've ever seen in my pocket that's
just where today softest thing in the
world it was literally like touching a
baseball how would you know what
touching a babies bottoms like I don't
you're the one that always talks about
how soft their great purse is but what
if you're not a mermaid that's a really
fucking cool car it's enough yeah it's
not thankful what do you mean is it
smoke cigarettes David does it wife does
it smoke cigarettes No then it's not a
cool car blank stares well I forgot my
camera to see I was recording is that
fine
she you guys are fucking strange I'll
see you guys later okay do spicy chicken
deluxe sandwich
yes place for normal heat you put on ot
That's not me but if you got an order
for Donald Trump Thanks oh you do yeah
nice yeah
oh wow hi that's it for today's vlog
thanks for watching Amanda makes you
like subscribe to me at David over
anything else add guys yeah maybe the
fact that I'm the one holding the camera
