come on Alex oh my god this is so
annoying
you're like a little kid give him the
fucking car it cracked under the
pressure
cuz this heat is so cute
Gabi improv dance count win go twinkle
little star how I wonder how he got so
far not coming to my improv show you
didn't talk about it I thought you just
knew because you like me
yeah in it twice Oh gross so you're not
gonna go no I was just kidding they said
you're really funny
ah thanks Gabi I think it's a sold-out
show I don't even think I'm in the right
planes what's up oh that's no it's no
one Liza Liza it's no one mr. Witte yo
this is the threesome we've been waiting
for other kids hey my second please
close the door
I'm good thank you
geez that must kz how old Velma Elmo
gets drunk ok this is the first time
we're gonna library this is this could
be a big deal guys we may be able to
read some books for the first time well
now read maybe get the audio books is
nothing right I oh well they didn't have
any fucking movies so that's pointless I
shower with him idiot
yeah I don't have my phone I'm gonna
call it yeah hey where are you guys in
the car
thank God you guys were I get stockings
no no the good bananas are bottom row
yeah
I've actually got who out there who
don't get that it's the dumbest thing
you could possibly ever buy 25 bucks I'm
gonna get three of them
grab some veggies motherfuckers you la
see you Manila by the flowers that's so
unlike you know all toads do you know
where I can find just some of the toys
guy's name is voguing yoohoo hey blog
this is you that's my name my mom did
name you that yes see the wheel we still
don't believe it there's probably more
letters to it but unfortunately madness
is all you get right here this is improv
but now this time we're watching it not
doing it we found out we suck so we're
just going to give that a pass for now
okay we don't know what that was thanks
for watching and that make sure you like
to subscribe tweeting at david dobrik
anything else that sassy out don't go in
here what's in there not going fucking
worry about don't go in there let me see
Luke Luke out Alex me Alex what the fuck
what's in there oh just garbage
