where are we right now Gabby gate - Brad
day - at Warner Brothers Gabby's do
something really cool that we don't get
to be a part of but we're her plus -
it's ridiculous that cones going out of
business and I have to take over because
I'm so much fun here it's kind of nice
we're just I know we're here to all play
video games that fun but I want to be in
your YouTube videos why because if I
want 47 people to see me I'll go
somewhere else no recording supposing
look I'll do that yeah I'm gonna put
that in here and say that yeah they're
better than yours that doesn't take five
yeah oh here for grande oh man get some
free shit how badly do you want to beat
the shit out of you
when Gabby's on her period
girls are on their period they have
Krampus
you should put some clothes on each
Scottie another forever come on already
gave you working out the quality on this
camera is fucking ecstatic extravagant
when life hands you lemons I'm gonna
pass you this ball without hitting the
pool ready
Scottie let me hear your best voice dude
yeah what is that smell
I don't know dude maybe something from
outside and maybe carbon monoxide David
do you think there's a little available
for filming I don't know I I think
there's a lot Jesus Christ Julia get
this bitch off the couch no no no gonna
side that's just like the persona you
play on my boss dog you're actually a
spotter I don't want them to think
whatever I'll see you later where are
you going you want to do a quick
interview I don't know just for fun
where are you from where's your accent
from oh you're right
we're going to right now oh my god our
servers last name
happy where I don't know David Matthew
who who's your favorite person hangout
can we stop talking about Alex yeah you
have to kill one person who would it be
Alex finally thank kill Alex actually
Jesus Christ Liza what's your favorite
ride in an amusement park who is one
person that you hate hanging out with
big me Wow yeah I mean - if I made that
god damn it what happen it's like a big
brother and a little brother fighting yo
how you doing okay unleash your inner
fuck bug I say pray for Syria you look
like you have had lice that's it for
today's vlog thanks for watching faith
like and subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik and do you guys have anything
else to add yes do you get it on her
face and you get a little fucking
powerhouse I don't
I know it's on your mind I used to say
you wanna die before him
