is my shit smells like shit California
going Bobby
Toby D know who that is who is it no
that's a crazy person in the costume
what about this we can go find a random
family that's better than us a lot of
them no Gabby are you ready to go it's
gonna take long
hi Gabby can you hurry up dude you've
been in there for so long
probably look five five Jesus Christ
were you were fucking raccoon no makeups
all fucked up
really that's not her makeup that's just
her face oh shit your ass she ugly guys
please don't kind of you'll pretend like
it's like a cute couple video and I'm
from the back go now a 2015 cute couple
video go
fuck yeah that's Sookie use your trick
God seeing you've done that before I
know
so goofy I hear this I hear that's good
that's like a blessing I'm glowing well
if we're talking about America and we
have the East Coast then we have the
West Coast and then we have the Midwest
why wouldn't we have a Mid East
Oh
guys avril lavigne shut up we're so glad
you can Eliot a water please
oh not that
Thank You pcs Girona
yeah please Navidad yeah that's funny
Gabe but it's Britain on the shirt
mm-hmm holy shit should I buy this why
not it's only about 25 sweats your daddy
and I bought match dad to go over there
real quick I'm just kidding it's one
cabbie that's cheesy outfit how do you
think of that
Gabi thanks for donating your leg hair
they finally see something good out of
it my eyes are totally that's a good one
but that really pissed me off because he
stole my joke
we're leaving Target early because Gabi
got made fun about that lady and it
really hit home give me a full story
about that girl she said out loud to
nobody to her imaginary friend that
girl's butt is ugly I said did you just
say my butt ugly and she said oh don't
mind me I'm just thinking on that note
this blows over
thanks for watching Karthi make sure you
like subscribe three minute Ava dobrik
anything else add that fuck
