shotgun boom hey can I get diarrhea
please you have to shock us man
what a good guy no I never paid for
Alex's order I should turn back right we
never paid for the second order hello
country style we've shot that three
times already and now there's three
chairs in the pool I just from the
bottom with Scotty where he throws
chairs into the pool now he's gonna have
to clean it up but I'm gonna push him in
you can get the chairs now Scotty get in
I did you always push me the tool Oh a
cute Deauville scrum oh how much you get
paid for that Zane it's free I love you
do i turn the camera I wish we could
pick pad often do you wash your hair but
be honest be honest maybe once every two
weeks once every two and a half weeks
what's five and when was the last time
you washed look do it it looks like you
just washed it really when was the last
time you washed it I to go talk to her
so to navigate
oh my god oh my god we gon get it out
good I seriously don't don't know if I
don't want it to get deep holy shit
let me stop take it out before it gets
deeper and matted everybody has peers
filtered don't think I'm in the commune
in the capital Paris Paris France arms
rights management you can't you can't
grow hair that pack - right / yeah sorry
you can't this is quick trivia time with
Liza what's your favorite fast food
restaurant that guy no pressure
hamster go chick-fil-a if you can choose
one Viner to kiss who would it be
we're done with this fucking interview
no more out starts you can't answer with
Alex and if you have to kiss one buyer
who - Pete really Alex ha really Alex's
second account yeah
you
can you answer a quick question let's
have the middle finger yeah no pornhub
this is where we like to start the scene
but it develops show me your best magic
trick go
pornhub you watch a lot of it don't you
she's all I know she's on mine too I
don't know then again he showed yeah
she's like really really ugly
oh I'm not once Scottie made a rap about
me um we're gonna check it out right now
this is bye
so the first time I'm watching it this
is my rebuttal
today spine that's for today's vlog
thanks for watching miss Victoria make
sure you like subscribe tweet me at
David
