are you happy let's go you really like
sentencing Patrick you're sexing me so
they're gonna shorten the Coldplay
concert well that's a relief
it's out there that's how big is big it
don't put that in there just kidding
David David fucking sucks at driving and
it's good sure you wanna get my car yeah
right now no one's looking my name is
Maegan why is it dropped her keys what
how I hear you're using a shovel for
that oh this is my first three days he's
over that as souped-up shitty Ferrari
boom oh he's got nothing
Oh Liza will get this only if the shoe
fits okay turn on tractor after don't go
go if it fits
fuck yeah I've always wanted likes all
the cow I love Star Wars he's not gonna
get it he's not gonna get it oh let me
let him go that way David last chance
you throw about again I'm kicking you
out yeah I went in you see that I'm
gonna edit it later why make it you
didn't make it I'm not gonna get kicked
out you just lost my fucking home you're
gonna go home what is this let me get in
or you need to keep up thanks al should
I get the milk that's you don't even
shower with me
all single ornaments ass up girl you're
looking mighty easy the peanuts movie
looks stupid I'm tired of this do they
get shittier and shittier every year
you're gonna chase it I'm getting too
old for that I'm an old dog ball fine
towels that are right for you I like you
a frito hi that's it for today's vlog
thanks for watching David David Alex
guess what this is a 50th log anything
else to add 50 more
