okay now he just comes around the corner
he said he forgot something but that's
just because he's going around the
building and he's going to try to scare
me like that
I know his fucking tricks
nobody will ever know because I'm
deleting it wow it's my voice eight
Superman
plus it's good no microwaves that's
where I want to pee
get it it's the song goes B did you see
anyone paying David no doesn't make any
fucking sense right now there's so many
people and I'm steve-o man what's your
favorite part about being the best
friends me I said best friends
marie-france
I don't know I only go to so cuz you go
to stuff that means you only go to
places because you like me let's meet
you
friendship friendship girls sponsor
that's it monster brings me great watts
by Lee how the pictures do John
Bill Cosby my stepdad Eleanor Rigby that
guy from Transformers Oh Cinderella
probably Cinderella it's okay though we
laughed argue oh my god it's a math lab
he's painting he's painting does a meth
lab oh he's peeping he's peeping through
the window anyway
what just happened we were going to a
barn we didn't know we were getting ID'd
and we're 19 and pink on the bar and I
pull out my ID and you say is like 1996
you just turned 21 and I'm like yeah I
have fun
1996 means I'm 19 years old so I don't
know what he was on but that's all math
teachers the ones you told that you
wouldn't use math in the future that was
that guy any fuck job this is where they
used to hold the ass
back in the day oh dude me oh that's
really sick early all right what he's
gonna say is we're not a target big
surprise big change up in our lives
right now come on dude give me something
at least change some anger yeah I like
your hair you're a my blog now just
because I liked your hair look yeah yeah
do you love it when people like my hair
put me in their blog holy what's fuckin
happen all the time
Alex you're 19 what are they gonna say
when they find out hey we're recording
each other what he said who's doing that
with the lights oh no I got my sweat
band Alex got a skateboard I got my
longboard and we're ready to swag at the
skateboard I don't know write a fucking
skateboard by the way David that's okay
just kind of odd awry this times too so
I'll be writing it for the both of us
here's a bar that we can never get into
two more years I just turned 19 I'll be
here two years that's where the guys can
be fun okay like how much is LA is one
of the most LA places I know handsome I
feel kind of bad for Alex to see there's
not a ride a longboard skateboard but
this is just kind of ridiculous look how
far he is
oh my god I don't know if I'm more
impressed in my camera for zooming in
that fire for Alex being that front I
think I found out why outs so slow I
think it's because he doesn't have a
headband so all the sweats just going to
his feet and he gets really stale and he
just stay on the right word there is
Alex how was it why she stopped
that's it for the vlog make sure you
like subscribe tweet me at david dobrik
and i guess we'll see you later
yo we gotta work out my gosh I'm losers
we end the vlog now
