don't make where we going oh shit hold
on yo Nick where we going look at Nikki
looks like a really tiny brennentaylor
Jason Taylor
Oh Jason can I get a picture of you and
big Nick thanks man
yo love your stuff love your stuff
if you think about Nikki run up crowd
you couldn't big neck yeah I'm cool with
them I just will make you cool without
but he said if you're gonna touch it I'm
I talk shit back if you're gonna talk to
you that I'm trying to get back don't
expect me to say silent you know I'm
fuckin startin it dude no you're the one
that started okay I'm white yeah that's
right you did slavery alright don't even
fucking talk to me we didn't do slave no
we didn't slavery some live behind the
scenes of what is this next Transformers
movie Brendon's transformation and then
mrs. Doubtfire gotta eat the booty like
we're gonna be a good boy who's gonna be
a good boy
Sam move to LA my cars has become a huge
douche bag yeah I get it
Hot Shots it for the vlog like subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik I've done a
couple outros but this is my favorite
you know why because the cars got a
personality
far away
yes
