what is that straight out of Compton you
want to go what if we get shot make a
pretty cool block Alex are we going
we just left target David forgot to make
an intro to target so he wanted me to
say look we're going to target but I
don't want to lie to anybody we just
left target okay we just left target but
you're about to see everything we did at
Target we didn't tire
you're gonna have to leave yeah whoa sir
did you see that it's the vintage Alex
yeah what do come on this is what I like
to call though what are you doing shot
Thanks
watery mind doing my mouth joy your
mouth dry
some cute cat eye now we're seeing an
early screening of we're not seeing
anything right now David we're in a
parking lot
straight on accounting don't know the
words why you always got to do the easy
part son Jay and I are here we're about
to record the full movie of Straight
Outta Compton things cameras set up
everywhere they tune again go closing
everybody Gabby Shaw has breast implants
question mark question about your
explanation boy people love that you can
never keep a secret it was I'm not
posting it I'm gonna edit it down and
don't put it in there that you're gonna
edit it out so that it's obvious that
it's true I'm not gonna I'm just gonna
edit it out there's any note like no
talk of your breast implants alright
that's it for the vlog I'll Drive Mason
off at the airport make sure you like
subscribe and tweet me at david dobrik
see you later buddy
hey man I fucking miss you but I'll miss
you I love you I had a lot of fun
fucking bitch god I thank the fucking
Lord he's gone hey hey that's weird
see man I miss you
fucking pussy
