hey this is Steven you're watching
jackass dude i mean david dobrik blah
it's not making cancer jokes all the
time
that's fucking fucked up Lucien says
shit about cancer
you made some cancer jokes when
getting up on Sunset Boulevard David
right now you're always fucking sleeping
you're not waking up on Sunset Boulevard
you're at chick-fil-a we couldn't go on
Sunday because they hate Jews so I
choose David the hate gays inappropriate
hotboxing chick-fil-a no they're forcing
us to get baptized oh I see chicken
deluxe Mike Tyson on my way to Gaby's
again what the fuck are you doing in my
house
Debbie Oh seriously I told you to give
me that key back oh it's just a joke
we're just fucking around
oh hey are we heading right now we head
to this house there's a ball pit there
why would a dude have a ball pit hey hey
we told him stop zooming in a rooms
entire thing all shit I just zoom in on
their ass dude I'm going to fucking
prison
oh that's disgusting this is now it's
his first movie since these moved here
from Russia right Alex yes business is
feeling really funny it's it vlogs over
thanks for watching
wish you'd like to subscribe tweet me at
David over and there just one more thing
I have to get off my chest
