what's up guys david here and today
we're gonna be pranking michelle again
because last week there's just too much
fun she was a good sport about it
basically we're gonna have my friend
Zane here dress up as a robber and we're
gonna hope everything goes alright you
know
I fucking hate you guys they tricked me
they did not want to hang out with no
stranger I am shaking I'm it's doing the
fucking cabinet not your friends but you
know who is my friends you guys if you
like subscribe and share the video
what's up guys hope you liked the video
please do not try to reenact this at
home we just moved in so we don't have
silverware or anything that can be used
to hurt
Zayn when he came in as a robber because
if Michelle wouldn't freaked out too
much she could have grabbed a knife and
just stabbed someone so we don't want
that so yeah don't reenact this but do
like and you know subscribe and stuff
yeah yeah
Oh
