well has invited me over for something
really important yeah check this out
watch out David okay you guys give Dom
credit man he's always out here hustling
that's right DOM is the most talented
guy I know in this car right now with me
guys DOM is next up that's right in
prison are you gonna intro the show when
everyone gets here everyone's here with
their parents I'm just gonna welcome
them with you know a warm he foots our
welcome it's gonna be what the fuck is
hold that come up to your face real
quick and I have like a really serious
thing here we go that's a dramatic
mugshot oh my god that's funny
dildo Trisha holy shit that's a man
that's a microphone so what's your
biggest fear in life no in a video game
shopping at the Backstreet running
through the past like Shrek
give it a shot on your shoulders all of
you including your head the villain son
look like you just came out of those
like futuristic chambers should we shave
his eyebrows no no no no no it's gonna
cut right to you doing
and now comes the most difficult part of
this video taking Jonah back to his
family and finding out if they still
love him you know how there's a lot of
good surprises in this family bingo well
has anybody wondered where your other
son is Josh hasn't seen this either you
guys gotta promise me not to peek okay
keep your eyes closed keep your eyes
closed in three two open your eyes what
have we told you this is for an actual
movie that Jonah is starring yeah I
booked the movie wrong except it's not a
movie it's an Internet video 1x14 for 20
seconds long
oh my god that looks like a fucking
Batman villains like fucking like Bane
if he just like went to Hawaii and like
God like just went to a fucking buffet
