fuck you for putting this caterpillars
on me though that is fucked up I don't
care about your freaking feelings I
couldn't care less how was your
relationship no one asked about you guys
anymore it's all about Jason and Trisha
it's pretty good I'm gonna have five
different anniversaries for all the
times that we broke up this year thing
that new song you were working on this
is just for you John she's given that
idea to come up with that I came up with
it was like I just looked around and I
used what came to mind we go into a
party last time these guys were peeing
on a fence and Heath goes hey put your
Weiner away and the guy goes how about I
come over there put my cock in your
mouth and I was like you come over here
and try to put your cock in my mouth see
what have your the middle but I found
out pretty soon
you wanna have some excess don't touch
me after you touch your cock oh you are
peeing you were touching your penis and
then he said don't touch me because you
just touched your penis that's
understandable
yeah but still fight like the energy
before yeah yeah Rumour Has you're the
only one that's capable of doing a
six-way make up what would it take for
me to see that in person anymore I'm
uncomfortable yes yes you think Bucky
James Kevin Nealon side anything Michael
regular but reformers and things cities
member gillip what et No
you literally got six girls together in
under five minutes
what's up guys so far done recently
bought himself a new pet fish named blue
that he really really loves can we get
rid of that fish David yeah if you draw
anything from my fish I swear to god I'm
gonna fuck you fucking touch my boob
unfortunately spent all the money on the
fish and couldn't afford to buy him a
proper home the aquarium where you make
brownies surprising fish blue I have a
surprise surprise it's a new fish no
fucking choice but you like to subscribe
to eat me at david dobrik anything else
at ah you have a new song sing it sure
okay passed out on the ground at the
back
chillin out maxin relaxin summertime
with a fantastic tickets like the
description below check it out
