we're gonna blindfold you right we're
gonna tape something to your hand I'm
allergic to grass yeah like I like hives
you can't see anywhere okay put your
hands out against it go go go go
enjoy the hives thank you you too
you scared of me Mama's make me really
nervous though cuz it's gonna melt in
your paw
should we go throw that Jonah yeah yeah
not even like tell them hang out I just
throw it at him yeah throw em in drive
away how much on the base and start
eating it down barks stop
I should've bet you 10 bucks now it's
almost pen me 10 bucks that you'd eat it
after we did that to you shit on by a
bird okay so I just landed in Boston's
mom doesn't know I'm here yeah so we're
gonna go surprise her
now I know what you're thinking who is
then sex beautiful young vibration yes
yeah take it easy keep it of your pants
I'm here with Jason and Jace's about the
surprises mom with a brand new car my
mom hasn't had a lot of good things
happen to her in her life she's had the
same car for 20 years the same son for
45 years she's due for some changes yeah
it's so far all he can change the car
everybody has a blindfold on is anybody
have any guesses for what it is no we're
not seeing shot not nice all right guys
just keep it on okay no one take them
off we're all gonna stop right here mom
we know you've been needing a car so
David and I bought you a new car new
Mercedes
for those kids they have to go to school
they're gonna live in the car with you
just did a snapchat my husband was in
business and it went south and now
you're back on top what's up welcome
this is better than Shawn Mendes
believable my god
plenty of room for a casket
