listen how are you interested doing
better than you guys we're about to go
rob a store okay so we just posted the
breakup video about an hour ago
pretty good yeah Twitter hell yeah
because we turn number one no but really
thank you for all the support thank you
and we had no idea there's gonna be that
big of a deal maybe you didn't expect I
was thinking like Liza's single what's
gonna be trendy dude girls blowing up my
phone
hundred percent jokes aside thank you
guys so much thank you thank you thank
you no joke no joke no joke so what do
you think about my breakup I'm gonna
tweet something this morning than I did
or you gonna tweet it finally a video or
David gets hurt this is our chance to
fucking stab it
I bet it's so funny you should a hundred
percent tweet it I'll do it I'll
probably fine how does it feel to be
graduating on
what's up guys so I'm always messing
with Jonah and telling him that I bought
in this favorite car what's the car you
want yeah we have three done go outside
so today I asked for a little help for
my friends at CQC kick is an incredible
app that helps you buy tickets in the
easiest way possible you've seen them
help me surprise my friends with brand
new cars really yeah you want me a
fucking car so today seeking is gonna
help me surprise Jonah with his dream
car so please if you ever need to get
tickets for anything click the link in
my description use the promo code David
and you'll get $20 off your first
purchase lay down on the floor I'm gonna
blindfold you I'm gonna put something on
you now okay all right go for it here we
go just like a fucking baby bear baby
bear
bye Jonah open your eyes 12 and I just
got a dick it down why don't you play
with some big-boy toys instead sorry
guys
yeah
oh my god
lovely even armenian a fast car good job
David
everyone in Los Angeles get off cuz
there was no like no David no way I
cannot accept this he was just like
watching Bobby makes you like you
subscribe tweet me at David over because
we're gonna be in Massachusetts this
weekend for our first live show tickets
are linked in description below the
hometown and my mom's even gonna call or
call your mom okay mmm she's dead isn't
she yes with my ex-wife
