here's a fun game take Trish's bra and
see how many different things you can
use it as a prop go there's a lot of
different jokes that can make it by your
career right now let's be cream what
kill them and what gave me start me
walking up to Josh to this funeral josh
Josh I met your girlfriend okay have you
guys met let's see you dive here we go
very well
focused Charlie don't go in the water
coz there's a whale that's just invited
me to a party
we haven't been inside yet we're gonna
go inside I'm gonna have my assistant
Natalie Natalie put six minutes on a
stopwatch and I'm gonna see what montage
I can create in six minutes
every time I give up shots so close in
the air everybody let's take shots let's
go
if you weren't a youtuber right and a
porn star and whatever you are what
would you be but you know you wouldn't
marry me for even if you stay in the
country and you can go in another
country Trisha if I married you I would
want to leave the country okay so if
there's two things that people love it's
a Tesla and it's a dog but today I'm
gonna have to drive the car has you ever
driven a car a couple times whatever the
buttons is the brake and the others the
gas does that make sense to you at the
gas pedal with your foot there we go
good job Duke taking it slow that's a
good one no god damn it this happened
with Scotts doctor who's Church was
about to come I'm gonna hide in this
garbage can so we just met Dom's day
she's around the corner she doesn't want
to be on camera why I'm confused though
is why she's here I want to see my book
my flesh is that true yeah what's what's
one of the poking hands with your
Pokemon collection Honoria
talking through I don't see why you
think Jason is so sexy if she doesn't
want you to get away she like to
subscribe to eat yeah David no because
josh has been going on a bunch of
auditions because it's pilot season here
in LA so there's a really good chance
he's gonna book a show goodness his Emmy
book shit because he sucks yes so we got
good love these out drops I'm the best
actor on the vlog yeah Wow nice hanging
out
