how do you feel about your son dressing
like this what's up guy she's just such
a cry because Jason wore one of her
cheerleader outfits the other day and he
fit into it just like this is footage
from three minutes ago let's add is that
Jason fits and we close like I saw in
the Laker Girls outfit and I was like
okay so we just set up this big meeting
with bard on where we're gonna offer him
a two million dollar movie deal now if
he takes the deal the only thing you
can't do is film with me anymore so
we're gonna test this loyalty hey how
are you we just absolutely know we're
recording this for Warner Brothers we do
this with all the talent that's okay oh
yeah there is a big movie role for you
at Warner Brothers we're willing to pay
two million dollars the catch is that
you can't film with David don't break
any more no I'm already sorry it's not
about the money
but more bigger Starks is that he's
helped me through so much he works
really hard and he does that all for me
you could give me one billion dollars I
would still do but don't buy your family
a lot I'm sorry it's just this kind of
rude or without your guy's help
I could still help my family and I could
help you get a real offer you're gonna
be sitting here
to the sky like a gravity
songs at a party the other night I was
just talking to this girl there she's
like oh what do you do for work I was
like oh I work for a YouTube I was like
how do you know oh my god
like give it a snip distress effects is
it diarrhea thank you for letting us
inside your home
thank you for letting come inside with
you you have any threes
now Go Fish
