why don't you go cheat on Jason more
what are you doing in Colorado seeing
your family I know what a backward
twisted life you have never having sex
with your brother what's up guys it's
probably none of our business but we're
my assistants car because my car's
charged you right now we just found
parking tickets in her car and when I
say parking tickets I mean 12 parking
tickets in her car I can't have someone
this irresponsible working for me I
already have one pulled her the hell is
going on what is this your dad taught me
and tweeted that I was like yeah if you
follow me damn it you would know 75 I
don't I don't follow you on Instagram
bro I'm so sorry I don't think you care
I totally would but my phone's my
phone's dead
no it's broken that's what broke my
phone so the other day in Vegas you were
really drunk and you threatened Jason I
sing you and go have sex with someone
else
that's not normal when we fucking one
where you fucking like people just dying
to fuck people no you have a boyfriend
you can't have sex with someone else
just because Jason is what you are about
to I was actually going to pack your
bags I don't care just let go I love you
it doesn't matter so you don't care that
I'm gonna go fuck someone else maybe I
will go fuck somebody alright guys so I
came up with this new game I'm gonna hit
you with this hammer I'm gonna be
sitting in this chair blindfolded with a
paintball gun and you guys pick up the
bottle with two hands and the second it
stays like this I wish you never found
me in that comedy class you're already
like not a right mind and now we're
taking your eyes and so then now it's
now it's like nobody at the wheel you're
gonna start back on the bricks I'm gonna
sit here with my rifle
we're doing time Scott at the same time
what did you do you're bragging a new
sous watching Meghan makes you like to
subscribe to eat me at david dobrik guys
all my merch is 20% off its gonna be
linked to the description below
this is now Joe yes sister a bro
