that's outside smoking I just want to
let you know you're the sexiest man I've
ever met in my life get over you you
dirty little son of bitch don't mind if
I do
I heard you recently got evicted the
apartment isn't is right I did just get
a gun license who asked okay you know
Josh lift you up I'm pourin up with his
wife I think you're considered a porn
star but not there a nude model aha
possum and josh is an astronaut thank
you hi how are you good
you like divorce guys Alex and I hung
out with snoop look behind you I'm
kidding Christmas card look that happy
420 from 2006 can drink your piss hold
on hold on hold on you actually would do
it right I would it take you to drink my
face my thirst this is a company you're
promoting the company that I work for
yeah I leave up and say it's like fine
and that's good was fine the app does
not work
to promote it yeah he's okay with me
talking people that it doesn't
yeah it was great when it works soft
misery
never I love the app there's a ton of
cool people on there they're paying me
maybe the ugliest shirt a napkin to
where I don't really pay you that much
so you have to wear that ugly shirt I
don't have to do anything yes over till
he gets you in the hand okay three two
I'm sorry I swear I thought I was the
better shot at the bullseye this is my
last try
I sure this is the last one David no
this is the last one why what's wrong
it's really starting to fucking hurt bro
you'll be good the worst dad however I
need to have a connection with my
daughter she saw a lizard in the pool
one of life's simple pleasures back or
back I feel bad sorry it was a bad
connection no she froze see what you did
to her Julie ever see like subscribe
tweet yeah David Ober was ever invited
to Josh's wedding whoa okay is that
someone someone took eight months to
build up courage Internet your
invitation with drinks
hold this camera come up here we're
gonna bust your ass bro I'll bust you
yes I mean
