why don't you take me to the Kids Choice
Awards this year you can show me around
the whole thing I like having you meet
my old friends like hey woodchuck
spongebob
I have an idea for the four of you what
if you guys switch couples for the day
Trisha
you're with Todd Corinna you're with
Jason kissing the whole thing everything
why don't my fuckin fall off a cliff
after fucking staying an hour you'll
never have anyone in your life accepted
this is what I found in your son's room
you tell me what this is what is this
what Susie an accident yes it was vard
on an accident
yes yeah you don't like kids amazing had
that Corrine owns a Porsche you're gonna
stay with her longer until the end of
the lease Trisha just went into Jason's
phone and found a DM from Jason's
ex-girlfriend from a year ago before
Jason even nutrition this is where we're
at Bree the DM his ex-girlfriend
this is so bad
he didn't even know you yet I still
existed you snuck into my house look in
that mirror
Tiffany you're drunk your driver
tom I look hot as fuck tonight and you
need a good dick sucking it just seems
like a match made in heaven
what is open trench mean that's what the
boys at Phi Delta call my pussy over to
talk to the people in line looks like a
murder he disappears when this truck
goes by
tell the guy I said you're cute we
should take a selfie buy some crack I
said do you want a bunch of crap crap
walking up to the camera you must have
something really intense to say guys get
in here that's odd you're such a corny
but you like to subscribe tweet me at
David Ober I don't really know how to
say this I'm sure to say this is my
final vlog for a while I'm not gonna be
posting any vlogs until April 20th
because that is 4/20 and it will be my
400 find my podcast you can find me on
my snapchat also like the description
below ok until April
thanks for letting me make 419 lakhs
okay see you soon
