girlfriend Jonah said he wants to run
across this traffic literally almost a
heart attack
like you were joking about that but I
feel so ill right now I would have had
130 supermodels cancel my shoot for the
next two months I'm taking the fat man -
we cannot lose fat but he has balls that
I would like to suck off let's do a test
to find out who's the smartest seven
times seven all right five times six
five times five all right here we go
suicide who's smarter forever something
else eight times eight
who signed the Declaration of
Independence with the biggest signature
know it this this game has nothing to do
with sex going on what animal has a
paddle shaped tail a platypus II know
it's a platypus corinna scientific name
for rain that's Spanish I know I like
surprising my friend with different
kinds of animal I'm here with Brian
here's a baby do you know why you're
here no I'm gonna blindfold you know you
have to get up and not be next Arace if
you put your hands by its mouth you are
don't yeah what do you think it is just
by feeling it yeah that's a bear that
was really good keep him away from its
mouth okay take your PI foot back on the
couch you can't look have you ever
handled allergic to bee stings here we
go it's going in your hand you be
careful top ready looks like a teddy
bear
now come we're now we're gonna meet his
dad makes you like a subscribe tweet me
at David Ober when it should finally get
to New York's why oh sure soon David
when Josh and I are heading to
Friday and we're gonna run away and
change our identities and then after
that maybe we'll see hey what's up
meteors
