what's up guys I just bought a new
treadmill and Sam and I are both from
vines only one way to break it in
goldfish I know this is like a
beaten-down Joe but like isn't it weird
how Jason is my this snake is the devil
this snake has made so many viral videos
he's getting the mean snake out right
now man she's like the only snake
oh it was a great piece of video so I
just got through it secured and my bag
got randomly selected for backcheck
randomly selected she takes it to check
to see what's in it she pulls out a
spear not buy and then goes you got his
girlfriend's mom for the first time
which is extra hard because I think I'm
the same age she is
this is Trish's mom Lana you're a lot
calmer than I thought you were gonna be
they're not electricity closer in age
then Jason and Trish are ya know were
the exact same age apart is give me 45
give me 60 and I'm gonna be 30 so what
right so if it doesn't work out with you
how did Trisha I didn't how did she get
like this I think she's having too much
sex it was too many people do you think
they're gonna last I don't want to lie
watching Laura makes you like to
subscribe to eat me I'd david dobrik who
is Todd's Hall Pass who can you hook up
with even though he's in a relationship
with you
Emily Husky is that okay really really
those jokes I don't really have a thread
that's pretty sad Congrats dude Emily
yeah it's cool
I'm gonna leave a shout at the
description because the super brave
bravest guy I know
