yo you guys are like another level
behind the scenes of my p5 you had sex
with in this guy was people you slept
with in this car yeah looks like fucking
eighties brother-sister incest
daddy-daughter mommy son brother and
sister how do you play Oh mom's gonna
hear us be classic you and Jason have
roleplay did he want to come out Jason
pretends like he's in charge for five
minutes it's not where we go we're going
to get my name tattooed on Ty's leg why
because he's my friends lose the bat or
why I didn't lose a bet he just loves me
I've won a bet you kidding me
right it's maybe too much to ask and I
do a ladder yeah no yeah yeah you want a
vlog are you sure I can trust you with
this
are you ready no my god I just put it in
there all the way David rocks
how can you open that garbage for make
sure what's that
there's this paparazzi outside this club
right now on the street Joyner off roads
it's Jamie Foxx the Taliban my name's
Michael Uzi come here who are you dating
who are you dating what are you my wife
okay
Florida's aim I found a flashlight shit
grazer
Oh
that's touching that makes you like
subscribe to me at david dory what are
you eating Josh I got a hold that cotton
candy
hold back hold on wait a sec there's
something fishy about this fucking guys
like the description below so be carrot
Evie there are the ones that threw the
party and we broke through table Sukup
subscriber that Jonah's under arrest
