what have you given up since you've
gotten a girlfriend um happiness you
prefer being single or in a relationship
the thing is it's what I was gonna say
it's really hard loving someone that
much not only are you not gonna fucking
do anything you're gonna come out and
vlog not doing anything yeah I'm gonna
vlog on top of the busting my ass
cleaning up all of your shit don't make
it all about yourself and then you know
what else why fucking Todd's not helping
and you know why cuz he's good-looking
exactly nothing like a cold coat to get
me through the day
oh hey Jason beautiful day isn't it
fucking hates you Jay you said I used to
be on the tennis team I know about
teamwork we were cleaning up she was
like why am I doing this mr. dastard
go get me Chipotle and she goes why did
you jump over sat on your skateboard do
a kickflip or do something just so we
know you're legit
who is the best sex you've ever had with
who Jason in the top ten if we ever stop
being friends so you're going to talk
crap about it watch the fuck out don't
say don't expose us that makes us look
guilty oh yeah go ahead
Trisha we would never expose you I know
he was a classy I'm not a joiner really
wants a new video game and Todd's bored
so we came up with an idea we're gonna
tie Joan under the back of his truck on
rollerblades and he's gonna have
balloons attached to his body and Todd's
gonna try to shoot him off with a
paintball gun do you know how to
rollerblade
I know I've never do you said we can do
it on skis have you ever been to you
know
Jonah's idea he has like a
five-year-old's mind and you're at
you're like oh yeah we'll slowly do it
Brandon's leaving we need one more
balloon Jonah yeah it's like Jesus
Christ so there's two pools where you
got Shawn the knots and in the chat you
want to keep going
Joan of all the blue is orange paint all
over you oh no that's frosting toxic
Julie makes you like to subscribe to me
at david dobrik
you should check out that top cabinet
that's a lot you're draining a lot he
really does have a problem it's nice
