hello welcome to my company where we
welcome our people and Surratt's our
peoples insurance i welcome crouch
boxing while you're wearing that you see
I'm working smell real good stuff guys
the guy who fucking stands by and just
fucking shits on everything so you heard
that but people think you guys are
dating you know USC man yeah you're
right you're looking for coke aren't you
you never get it you know what because
you know be honest with me yes sir when
you wake up tomorrow morning yes am I
gonna get a nasty email from you saying
please don't use anything you recorded
on me I want to tell you that this is
the best 120,000 dollars you could have
ever wasted yes on 1 fucking idea what
she wants to do with her life it has
been an entire pleasure that I will take
to my grave $60,000
I heard you had a little problem with
the girl last night at a bar who told
you well Matt what happened okay so we
were out on the town and I meet this
girl Olivia and we like hit it off it
was going really great okay and then she
just decided that she wanted to go home
like she's feeling tired she starts like
nagging and everything and I was like
fine babe go home I don't I don't need
this so after she left Todd and I go to
the bar we get a few drinks do you know
talking to Todd about her and I said you
know what Todd long-term Olivia with
fucking sucker Todd just like hitting my
knee and I think he's like hell yeah man
damn straight
and then I look up and at the edge of
the table is a little bit the worst
death stare I've ever had this is the
best part what did you say there we go I
was kidding so I communed my bro's
within this frat party oh yeah
Brandon Chong Brandon parent we're gonna
get to fly over my house so I'm gonna
get to see my house from like the aerial
view and you're in it which doesn't bode
well for our better my name before years
I wrapped this cute montage but I forgot
that I told Brandon and Jason that I
would be going for this helicopter ride
and I think they took advantage of me
because this is what I saw when I flew
by my house
I'll be starting Danny makes you like to
subscribe to me at david dobrik anything
else dad's got what is it what is it
scout what's going on calculator okay
what do you need to add come on just
want to see them first this is the
office space that's pretty amazing
oh by the way this place does come with
a maid yeah it's amazing she is dead
though so it does kind of suck but it's
not
