faint walk on this fire People magazine
ran a report on my channel and they said
that 75% of my viewers come back just to
see you really know me
hell no I'd never gone back to school
I'm gonna have my own University I'm
telling you bro one day I'm gonna have
enough money and I'm gonna open up a
school for the kids
what's up guys so JC just called me to
his house he told me it's a surprise for
me as you know we are family around here
what's that I think I yourself actually
drawn on the trees wait a minute what's
that I think I hear something else is
that a turkey I hear turkeys this is the
stupidest shit I've ever seen Bob squat
turkey shoot spread $500 around the
backyard are you guys ready ready yeah
we have picked an appropriate song
courtesy of Wyatt's jazz band my boys
hit it
exactly has our everybody I want you to
stand back there you guys good would you
rather have the kids you're about to
have or an Oscar no you bug I want to
have a beautiful Oscar baby's gonna go
through the awkward stage like you went
through awkward stage also known as
famous as fuck what would you fuck me no
that's not the question
would you have sex with him if I didn't
know Jason yes yes what about if you did
know Jason I was just dreaming about
fucking her mom yeah are you five
different people
he's gonna finish she's gonna finish you
god when I finish him finish him
there's a ghost in your house cleaning
