okay hello everyone how is everyone
doing in this mess yourself there today
we are gonna be reacting to animals
saving other animals you guys absolutely
loved my video on zoo animals where kids
kept being attacked by zoo animals that
that video was pretty funny but today I
kind of woke up just wanting to watch
animal videos okay so just leave me
alone alright that's what I want to do
today just leave me alone okay I want to
do is what cute little videos of cute
little animals
alright so we got a video of two dogs oh
the dog went to go chase the stick going
to stick man I'm gonna stick good boy
back get out get out help
oh I so cute the dog was gonna drown
okay and the dog just saved the other
dog that video just make you feel so
happy in the heart okay I'm so happy now
that that dog is saved yeah okay so
we've got a cat which got his head stuck
in a red cup and these guys it's filming
in the corner with his iPad yeah this is
great content this is gonna go viral on
YouTube yeah well actually turns out it
did go viral on YouTube that's why I'm
now reacting to it oh the dogs coming
car damaged stupid pussycat getting in
cubs oh no where the doctors comes on
nowhere and helps the cat in need and
the cat just walks off like nothing
happened if it hit nah that's kind of
cute stupid-ass cat getting his head
stuck in the god damn pop what a stupid
dumb guy okay so it looks like we've got
a goat that's drowning my hand second
can you guys hear that can you guys hear
that
don't you worry I'm coming baby oh my
god the pigs go to sleep and here we use
the hero pig that saved a goat from
drowning even though I was a cameraman
filming and I clearly could have saved
that goat but my pig did it instead okay
so what the hell's this is this is this
a lion and it's not like a deer a baby
deer well no what you this day it's the
day the friend mommy is that you
now I'll get you God stupid mommy it's
okay no no it's okay I'm your mommy
don't worry dear I will protect you okay
that nothing's gonna harm you okay so it
looks like we have a lion looking after
a baby deer okay I'm not eating its face
off my hand a second
thanks again oh my god don't tell me the
bloody other lines what's happening
what's happening not the one that was
protecting it
you leave my goddamn deer alone okay oh
man I just wanna eat his face off come
on man I'm hungry okay Jesus Christ
okay so allied was looking after a baby
deer but the other line didn't like it
so he wanted to eat him but it looks
like that the day is fine okay are
protected I'm actually kidding the day
is probably dead now away from its
mother and everything but I'm sure it's
fine okay okay so it looks like we have
a kitten that is away from its mother
and it stuck him like a ditch and I'm
guessing the kitten can't get out
oh no it's okay oh oh it's okay thank
God now for goodness sake always falling
you stupid dumbass cat okay come on now
oh thank you mommy
are the kids okay and the moms picking
up by the neck and taking it up there oh
my goodness this is so sad this little
doggie is trying to save this dead fish
by putting the water on it and the fish
is dead on the floor that is so sad he's
even putting its nose on the fish oh man
that's so sad what a sad clip okay sadly
that dog could not save that fish okay
just so sad or just even like anyway
because uh you love my videos okay so we
have a clip of a bear and wait it's a
bird trapped in the water damaged
stupid-ass bird why should I help you oh
god damn it why do I have to always
goddamn help all right come on now
whoa you say the part oh okay okay leave
the wing you might hurt it but the birds
are life all right shut your goddamn
mouth okay just just go live and shit oh
they so sweet the bear okay okay what's
going on here lion attacking a thing no
no piece of shit yeah get out of it whoa
look the lion or tiger I don't know what
it is but the thing attacks the other
thing and it's brother saved him okay
we got a crocodile whoa whoa whoa whoa
so we've got a bunch of baby boars okay
and the crooked I was trying to eat one
of them but the parents protected it oh
my god that could have been so bad look
or it nearly even got one oh that was
such a close call okay pretty shitty
quality but it looks like there's a bird
in the water and there's a bloody monkey
over there looking at it goddamn it
stupid bird getting trapped in the water
alright I'm coming out coming I'm gonna
save you now just give me a second okay
so it can't save it so was it doing now
it's it's it grabbed a leaf oh look he's
trying to use a leaf to save the bird Oh
guys that is so cute Oh
oh my god okay be careful this is bad
sight what was the monkey gonna do with
it now he's making sure that the birds
okay oh that is so cute oh okay all
right
oh yeah don't grab it by the neck okay
that woman thought she thought the
monkey was gonna eat it ah that is
Sookie what a cute little monkey much
but this monkey isn't clearly the best
caretaker but at least you took him out
of the water okay
oh no this leopard ate this dear
although so sad okay I just killed this
deer I'm gonna eat well wait what what
the hell
whoa guys look bloody monkeys have come
out of nowhere or the monkeys gonna save
the day
no way oh my god
the monkey saved the deer but guys I
think it's too late I think I think the
day is already dead oh that is so sad if
only the monkeys came a couple of
minutes earlier
oh my god it was actually just playing
dead and the monkeys of all the things
saved the day god damn and I leave it
alone for two seconds okay so we've got
a dog trying to save a baby there bring
him in what kind of stupid dumbass name
for a dog is storm but boy stur bring
him in a good boy storm okay yeah just
tell the dogs a good boy they don't know
what to do okay it's okay storm
oh boy storm is making sure that the
deers okay by licking stuff that is so
cute and on into the dog run into the
water to save it it's now making sure
that it's okay oh this poor dog okay
we're doing - its lake okay all right
that's kind of dangerous look I'm sure
the dog had good intentions okay
oh okay we've got a fish out of water
okay this cats clearly gonna need this
fish okay okay I'll save you I'll save
ya okay it okay okay wait
looking at this fish a second time it
looks fake okay I don't think this cat
just saved this fish I think that fish
is a wind-up fish and it just it was
just not working look look how steady
and dead it is now but as soon as it
hits the water only his foot flat
okay and then look alright nothing else
moves yeah I'm pretty sure that was a
fake fish I just watched okay I just
debunked that video sorry guys I'm
eating food come on Matt pass it over Oh
horses man hold your goddamn horses I'm
trying the best I can
oh that's such a cute clip look guys
this horse is feeding its other horse
through the gate by offering its hay and
the other horse is eating ah that is
some good horsey friendship right there
okay so we have a field it looks like
this is taking place in England we got a
dog that is so cute
the dog is bottle-feeding this little
baby lamb okay I have never seen
something like this before
okay well shut it is oh that's so
adorable thank you okay hurry up man
I've got dinner time soon come on
that is so cute oh okay so we've got a
train station and it looks like it's in
India
oh no the monkeys on the train tracks
you've probably got electrocuted air
monkey oh you're dead come on monkey get
up Saosin are manacle horrid all the
Indians they're also distressed about
the monkey getting electric shock oh man
this monkey died from getting electric
shock no that's so sad look it's trying
so hard to pick up the monkey oh no
that's so sad wait is that where it came
from
oh it was on that electrical fence
that's where it dropped down to oh this
poor poor monkey oh my bloody God let's
film it and put it on YouTube this poor
bloody monkey come on man stay alive you
can do this I don't think I can
come on come on do something oh my god
oh my god the monkey just fell in the
water
oh god that can't be good Oh God okay um
I don't think water's probably the best
thing okay I think okay I think the
monkeys trying to wake up the other
monkey but I don't think he knows water
and drowning it is probably not the best
way to do that and everyone is why they
were scared Oh cuz of the train oh look
guys there you go both monkeys have been
saved because that one monkey saved the
other monkey wait don't put dumpers in
the water okay okay alright ah that clip
was so sweet the monkey saved the other
monkey okay ladies German I'm going to
end the video there that was me reacting
to animals saving other manimals okay
these clips were so adorable and if you
would like me to make more videos
reacting to animals and funny animal
clips okay then leave a like if we reach
10,000 I will definitely do that
either way though think I thought
watching now see you next video buh-bye
