why are you running so ladies and
gentlemen dr. mash yourself has returned
for another operation we've got a bunch
of operations what evening we have a
bunch of operations we're gonna be doing
first one we're gonna be doing is the
LASIK eye surgery whether cannot bloody
take a bloody needle and sew it in my
bloody know I think laser eye surgery is
what you do for people have glasses who
want to see okay I think that's what it
is
I know dance means I look I'm a doctor
you scrub in surgery make Geographic
procedures I don't care a bloody doctor
let me eat my licorice nom nom welcome
to surgery squads virtual LASIK eye
surgery hello I am dr. Susie David go
LASIK eye surgery reshapes the cornea to
provide improved focusing power and
reduce a patient's need for glasses or
contact lenses LASIK is performed with a
special laser that's used to change the
shape of the cornea we want to make this
procedure as pain free as possible okay
so we'll use drops to numb the eye buddy
drops can you place a few drops into her
eyes well cause we're gonna blade drops
it in our eye first stop in okay next
drop in the eyes even with the numbing
drops it's possible that the patient can
feel pressure in mild discomfort
what debris can complicate the procedure
so we need to make sure that the area
around the eye is clean oh shit
so let's get that speculum over the eye
wait what click though we're gonna place
a speculum in all right okay I'm not
gonna lie guys my eyes okay I get very
touchy touchy and sensitive about it
okay you know you know there's some
people that can you know touch their
eyeballs that's it freaks me out okay
and now I'm at the bloody place a
speculum and this girl's eye okay
Brandon calm down you can do this am I
gonna put this in her eye no way here
goes nothing if the patient was allowed
to blink we might cut or burn the wrong
area what at this point will also mark
the cornea with
water soluble ink to guide replacement
of the flap wait you don't tell me that
she can't bloody blink
otherwise your bloody die now we place a
suction ring over the eye
what the shit is this now oh my god the
ring sucks the cornea upward making it
easier to cut for this next step we're
going to slice open a flap on the cornea
we use a mechanical micro carretoni this
is a fancy name for a blade device
that's attached to the suction we slide
it across and it cuts the top 20% of the
cornea
here we go slide the micro carrot ohm
along the track to create a thin flap in
the cornea slice our ball with the
corneal flap cut we remove the micro
carrot ohm and suction ring and then
peel back the corneal flap to expose the
middle part of the cornea this is the
part I'll reshape with a laser we rolled
a flip of the switch to fire up the
laser and the reshaping process is
unloaded all more pulses from the laser
will correct the shape of the cornea in
less than 60 seconds won't the shirt
please fold the corneal flap back into
the original position oh my god and sure
our ink guides match up ok put a button
now oh my god ok done I went ahead and
took care of the other eye
oh ok the cornea is still vulnerable and
clearly dislodge if the patient isn't
careful oh we are protective shield over
each eye but I'll cool off doses but the
patient will notice the improved vision
immediately Oh or as soon as the numbing
drops wear off ok she'll come back
within the next 48 hours
so can remove the eye shields test your
vision and examine her eyes to make sure
everything is healing up nicely and
there you have it
I see can now bloody see through her
eyes ok ok I always wondered how laser
eye surgeries worked I didn't know they
had to slice open a part of your eye
just to shoot lasers in it that's
probably disgusting ok have a my
liquorice break
guys guys guys but working after doing
that the operation now does not rest
okay we have to operate again on next
operation is a bloody brain surgery
where they slice open your head and then
they reach the dramatic music has
started operate brain surgery let us do
this what do you want leah is suffering
from an aneurysm in her brain one of the
blood vessels in the center of her brain
is filling with blood oh my god there's
bloody blood in a bloody brain this is
causing headaches and double vision
double vision we found the exact spot
where the aneurysm is located but we
must open right now go we must go in one
of these doors which one could it be it
could have be with the one with the
picture of the brain on it I don't see
any reason why that would be the right
room it must be this one okay select a
syringe inject it in the bloody
anaesthetic and then we put it in okay
guys leah is now sleeping the patients
okay so let the scissors wait hang on a
second what's this we're not doing in a
bloody doctor's office take the scissors
oh my god we have to cut off her hair
because we're doing a brain surgery
what have I done I'm sorry okay I just
gotta say what we had and how we pick up
the shaving cream yeah shake this mother
mother mother trucker how this poor girl
I'm just saving all of her hair this
poor poor girl I'm sorry go I'm so sorry
oh my god oh here we go
oh no no pick up the cotton ball because
we now must sterilize her bloody bald
ass head pick the marker oh no now we're
gonna blade wrong our bloody bald head
now we next take the scalpel because we
now must cut into our bloody
bald head we must now cut the muscle to
gain access to a head oh my god we're
gonna cut her muscle ow ow ow ow pick up
the drill from the table no we're gonna
drill a head trip we now pick up the
surgical saw what does this is exactly
like surgeon simulator now we cut
through the skull no way oh my god we
just cut over in our bloody head what
the shit is this now just ready break
make the incision through the dura mater
we need to use the scalpel oh my god how
many layers of a bloody head is there
now we take the retractor oh my god
we're gonna put it in our bloody brain
oh ok nurse take the dissector we must
take it out oh now we must close the
incision oh we are blocking the blood
vessel from going oh I see what we're
doing now I don't really okay I'm not
actually a doctor ok I just bought this
knocked out for an Amazon ok ok close
the bloody brain ok just put it back
alright who gives a shit alright now we
set the needle because I'm guessing has
to sew a head back together oh my god oh
my god oh my god now we need to drill
into the phone wait what why are we
gonna put screwdrivers in her bloody
head Oh
now we take the fidgets spinners okay
with the fridges spinner you put it on
the top okay and then you put this
please with religious but is there okay
oh my god okay I'm at twenty seconds
left we're actually putting screwdrivers
in a head that's pretty crazy I'm not
gonna lie please up tiger because after
this whole operation again
Leigha died guys I'm sorry okay this is
where I left off I was driving her skull
back together was I right the end I
Barry was okay then I got to saw the
skin of course we're almost done pick up
the bandage nothing go a little the
bandage okay we're gonna wrap this up
for you baby okay
don't worry Leah or whatever your shitty
name was
we did it guys we saved little old Lea
from a brain
bloody surgery shit okay we gave her a
bloody uh I know what we did okay we
went inside of my brain all right who
gives a shit okay guys we have just one
more operation this time we're gonna be
doing an epilepsy surgery now epilepsy
for the people that don't know is that
some people when they see certain lights
okay it makes them have like a
yeah so it's very sad very serious okay
I probably shouldn't be making fun out
of it but I'm only joking guys okay it's
a serious thing but we have to operate
with this girl because she's gonna
bloody have a bloody okay go to the
bloody brain room oh wait what the egg
room should be one of these rooms what
does she think act rule is this a magnet
okay we're an egg room for some reason
okay we need the first put electrodes in
her brain why put the electrodes on the
head
Oh No and we're gonna bloody electric
shock huh the egg results in doctor we
must now find out which is producing the
highest frequency wave okay yeah sure I
knew that okay let's do that this one oh
my god is bloody this one listen to that
scary noise very good doctor I know it's
very good I'm smarty okay we talked
about anaesthetic again okay that shit
ain't okay all right that's just good
you'll be asleep buddy you know okay now
meet the cotton marries I feel sorry for
all these patients okay they're coming
in all right I'm giving them like a
shitty-ass haircut okay okay shaving
cream my head off we're gonna make a
ball together it's just funny do you
think we let them know that we're
shaving up all the hair or they just had
just bawled for it she's now bloody bald
now we must take the cotton okay and I'm
put it in the air okay now we to apply
some antiseptic solution I'll take up
the cotton ball you put it in the iodine
solution and then apply that shit into
that ball door said that it's Baldy all
right now we next pick up the marker we
draw on her head again to mark the
incision cut all across our my lord my
closet rape island take the drill we
must drill into a head
now we next take up the surgical saw I
can't speak today I'm sorry guys okay
here we go
the prey is exposed we now need to cut
into the door and meet or take the
scissors we must now cut to the dollar
meat dough appreciation I used to cut
the hair off earlier coming from okay
nice to do this we must pick up the
electrode grid put it on our brain and
then we must sense the bloody brainwaves
touch the different electrodes on the
brain to check the feedback okay come on
come on concentrate doctor concentrate
concentrate okay it's this one okay we
did it we know exactly where to go we
must remove our brain hold the piece of
brain to bring me removed oh my god we
must now detach that piece of brain
what the hell is that working now we
take out the brain brain she's just
gonna be completely fine take the tongs
okay put it back cuz that's is that it
okay that's let's just yeah and then
slow it up oh my god okay you take the
surgical plates okay this one isn't a
fidget spinner screw in the brain oh my
god imagine having screws in your head
now we pick up your tongs put a backup
brain and then when I'm guessing we
stitch it up okay and now I'm guessing
we just use the badges on her
alright the operation is over bye parent
if I don't complete this in 10 seconds
she'll she'll die and boom
okay guys I think I'm gonna end the
video here as you couldn't clearly hear
my voice is going I am really tired and
yeah so sorry that this video was
probably not as good as the other dr.
videos but I'm not really feeling too
well
alright leave a like if you did if we
reached 10,000 I will do another video
on playing these dr. games I think I'm
just going to do one more video and then
the series is gonna be miniseries is
gonna be finished with it okay
but if its video reaches 10,000 likes I
will definitely do that thank you guys
so much for watching and I'll see you
very soon with another video hopefully
I'll sound a lot better see you later
guys love you bye bye
okay first thing we need to do is inject
her with anesthetic okay but cuz he
fucking alright the first thing we need
to do is inject her with I can't speak
sorry inject it in the bloody anesthetic
