well hello everyone how is everyone
doing it is mesh yourself eight today we
are back with snipers versus thieves you
can't find me you can't find me oh so
ladies and gentlemen you have been
asking for it we are back with more
snipers vs. theis if you haven't watched
the first snipers vs. thieves video you
need to okay I did a cool intro for it
where I pretend to be a thief okay and
it was pretty cool okay I put a lot of
effort and work into it and also in that
video I explained how this game works
okay and I don't want to do that in this
video okay I just want to play the game
because I've got some cool stuff to show
you
so first things first click the hands
you see right there there is my ID
ladies and gentlemen go add me as a
friend I have created a new clan called
Messi TT okay Messi BTW i create a new
clan because I'm only allowed 50 people
on my clan so the first 50 people who
join my clan you know can play games
with me and play hi son you know do
stuff together so I've been playing this
game a bunch in my spare time I
absolutely love this game and now level
39 and iron ranked number 6 okay so
clearly I'm a good sniper and thief I've
also unlocked loads of mosques at the
moment I'm wearing the crown mosque not
if I have anything to say about it let's
see what other mosques I have I have a
bloody owl mosque I have some monster
masks suckie suckie yeah man I'm a
zombie
I have some samurai mosques where if you
collect the whole set you get to claim
money oh my god I just got 43 gold I
also have some mobster masks come on we
gotta go steal the money we've got money
- money money but I know seriousness
ladies and gentlemen okay you have to
use them as yourself masks okay it's the
best mask in the game okay use fold
messed up okay to claim your free mosque
I love the fact they even put me in the
game okay that's cool it's the first
time I've ever been in a mall ball game
okay and I think that's pretty cool okay
I love this mask all right guys I was
just about to upload the video but then
the developers messaged me saying that
they want to give away a new mask just
for this video so click the ticket on
the homepage and type in the code the
future is Messi to claim your free
sci-fi cyber bot mask oh cool okay
anyway back to the video so now because
I've been playing this game a lot I've
pretty much unlocked every single
ability you can have and some of them
are so funny I have to show you them
okay we are back in our van we have
people here I'm gonna be a nun with a
robbed a bank
man we are at the overpass I don't think
I've ever done this map three two one
it is time to rob the bank we've just
robbed a bank way to run we to run guys
come on we can't bloody lose this bloody
shit oh no he bloody put up bloody a
bomb right in front of us what would
happens if I go with Nix to the bomb
let's go oh I have a bomb on me um guys
what's gonna happen when this bomb blows
up okay I exploded but it's okay I'm
alive still I don't know how but I'm
alive okay guys it is time to use my
items first item I'm gonna use is a
camouflage item press it oh I turn to a
cop let's use it again nothing to see
here I'm just a normal car
I got shot I got busted okay I probably
should stop messing around I just want
to show you guys the gums I actually
don't care about winning the only one in
jail okay
I didn't only think okay that's bad I'm
just going to show you guys the AIIMS on
okay about winning okay we are going to
the village someone has robbed my local
village how dare they where it was me
I'm playing as the thief come on guys we
gotta go I'm returning to wait wait
that guy's turn invisible invisible in
this game oh no that guy's ago I'm just
a bush you get oh my goodness thieves
are dying left right and said now oh
there's a bloody board right next to me
okay guys use my quick feet ability we
must run to the exit okay I think I'm
alive even armed on the floor okay I
took some damage as you can see my house
is pretty low so let's take some health
okay hopefully I can recover quite times
use my quick feet quick jail jail yeah
we did yeah our friends in jail okay
that's right we got away though that's
all that matters yeah okay alright let's
play another game I'm enjoying it all
right ladies German we are back we have
just robbed the village again time to
show you my new items I mean okay see me
oh no what's the sky buddy barrel this
guy's a play this guy's - everyone has
disguises in this game okay I'm gonna go
to the side okay cuz they're not gonna
see me oh no again sharp left Ryan said
no I know I just got shot
quickly here's my health pack there is
no way I'm gonna die oh no no oh no oh
no he used the body dancing
there's nobility where you can make
people dogs okay guys I'm gonna use my
mini-me ability here we go here we go
here we go trick the potion that's right
mess yourself got away yet again too
good as snipers versus thieves okay I'm
pretty sure I'm the best player in this
game we all got away yeah well good
that's what I'm talking about baby we
all go away okay new game laser German
new game this guy's brave look don't
worry I'm not gonna die use my potion to
hilt I'm here look at that shit okay
guys I'm gonna use my ability called
digger I think I dig under the ground oh
look how that was cool slide down here
oh no we're only about 18 seconds left
come on guys we've got a limited mal
time I got busted come on now is the
only one in jail that's some bull she
great I bloody lost the game how great
okay new game we have just robbed the
bank rat the fields let's go baby go go
go go go all right so this disguise is a
barrel unless use it oh oh we're in a
cab don't mind me I'm just a normal kid
oh my goodness that was so close quickly
use my disguise again don't mind me just
do regular barrel don't you jump again
yeah ah come on gosh the exit come on go
just run run yes what I'm talking about
baby
escape yet again yeah we all did it baby
that's what I'm talking about I love it
okay new job baby we gotta go we gotta
go we gotta go go go oh no this ability
will make me go invisible whoa
look guys I'm invisible he can't see me
oh okay we're gonna call in some health
packs dude I may need some health patch
over here come on now okay we have some
how packs run this way quickly he's
trying to kill me he's laying down traps
guys oh shit guys it's just as bad oh no
oh no he's running okay we're gonna use
our trundling and we're going to use our
invisibility
Oh reversible reversible guys because I
was bloody invisible before must gone
away again man
I am so good at this game seriously
seriously I'm good this game you're
gonna make my disability is I don't know
what this is I think I put something on
my head oh oh oh I have a metal head
shot at me Oh No okay what is this a
safe all my whole body's now protected I
mean I can't breathe in here but I'm
pretty sure it's protecting me oh no oh
oh no that lasts long No okay I'm gonna
use my safe come on and come on The Lost
push to the oh my god that was amazing
actually gave me so much protection that
ability is awesome hell yeah all four
thieves got away again
oh yeah baby or I'm not playing with the
thieves it is now time to kill these
thieves and play is the sniper or guys
right the church the thieves have robbed
the touch
how can you probable charge okay so I
wouldn't use this item which is
basically barbed wires go
my feet must be no don't kill me no
explosive no he's running no that's
right he died one of the sky said all
right we got a freeze them we got
freezin guys that's right got ya all
right use the barbed wires again oh this
guy I got away all right Bob why again I
see him I see him I see him yeah I got
him okay I think that's bad all right if
you kill three thieves
I'd say that's mission accomplished okay
oh come on man I don't want to be a
jello wannabe robbing banks and stuff
more too bad you're now gonna be in jail
okay you know what I don't think I've
upgraded my rifling in a long time okay
so at the moment we have a big huge
rifle but we have the option to buy a
even bigger rifle so let's buy this baby
525 okay so I bought it and I can use
upgrades and stuff okay so you level up
by opening cases I've actually got bonus
cases you know you get them every day
come on give me some good tokens so I
can upgrade and level up all right this
golden case cost 440 I'm running off
final eight but you know what Yolo it's
a YouTube video we're doing it baby gold
case look at me tokens you get for this
baby
okay let's upgrade our disease stroke
okay that gives us points come on we're
close to leveling off and also upgrade
our caltrops trap should that make us
level 40 hmm
oh hey level doctor level 40 okay lows
German they have just robbed Chinatown
how dare they I've got to kill them with
my new abilities
okay this ability gives them a big head
oh yes I got em baby
all right this one poison em baby come
on kill him kill him kill him yes got
him yeah and getting away he ain't
gettin away here and getting away oh
he's too small guy was too small I
couldn't kill him guys
I only got two all right it's fine it's
fine okay that those people will very
good at the game all right we're back
baby all right this time what I've done
is I've changed my abilities to just
drop stuff okay so let's drop some
like movement stuff and just you know
just try and make it harder for the
thieves you know ya got one got to baby
with a head shot yes got three baby
right the last one where is he where is
he where is he where is he where is he
where is he I can't find them guys he's
hiding somewhere there he is I found him
baby was hiding from me okay three
people in jail all right like I said if
you catch three okay you know what
there's something to be proud of okay
all right guys they've just robbed the
bank come on we must kill all these all
right this time I focus on traps okay so
I've set up traps everywhere
hopefully they'll fall and die in them
come on die in them die in them die in
them come on I can hear the bomb I can
hear bomb got one baby Wow okay he got
away my bad why this guy's poisoned come
on all right got him in midair all right
cool
oh I got all three of them okay I think
the traps are definitely not effective
I'm happy with that okay because you get
a lot of stuff for key them all right
ladies and gentlemen I think I'm going
to end the video there that was snipers
versus thieves a great great game which
you can go play for free on the App
Store
okay go download it all right it's free
on iOS Android all right it's a good
game I know that's why I'm making videos
in it and that's why I'm recommending it
it's because I enjoy playing it if you
guys want to play it too you can slay
guys also watching I'll see you in the
next video bye bye
