hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is master sulfa today we are gonna be
reacting to story booths animations now
if you guys have never heard of story
booth they are a channel which take your
personal stories ok and then they
animate them now before we go and
actually watch some story booth
animations I want every single one of
you to go over to their YouTube channel
click the subscribe button ok because
they are doing some amazing amazing
amazing stuff ok
they've even collaborated with a bunch
of youtubers before you know and I would
love to do this little thing ok so go
and support these is these guys channels
okay theirs they make such amazing
videos based on true stories where like
people like yourself you know kids like
yourself can open up until you put tell
personal stories you know and and these
guys are doing something good alright so
go and support them alright they need
all the support they can get you know go
show them some love alright so what
we're going to be watching is mean mum
there are people in our lives that make
us feel safe and loved and respect yeah
and then for some of us out there there
are people in our lives that are
supposed to make us safe and loved and
respected they don't do their job no my
entire life I've had a wonderful father
who has made so many sacrifices for me
and taking care of me so that I could
have a better future
no school unfortunately I can't say the
same about my mother from a young age I
was always ridiculed teased and taunted
by my mom oh listen and whenever I did
something wrong I wasn't properly sat
down and discipline oh I was yelled at
all snack TV the maquiladora all know
this poor girl I grew up with a very low
self-esteem all because my mom would say
things like you're terrible I don't like
you I don't love you at all I think that
you're a big burden to this family what
sin could I have possibly committed to
have had you as a kid
say that shit to a kid oh my god that's
horrible this poor poor girl and she
thought that all of these words would
just brush over all and then I would
realize that she somehow didn't mean
that all but she said them so many times
that I don't think she doesn't believe
Oh in fact I'm quite sure that she means
everything that she said and as a result
it has lowered my self-esteem oh and it
has made me do things like cutting and
inflicting self-harm oh my god that's
horrible don't ever ever turn and do
that Jesus that's that's that serious
stuff right there do not do that ever as
a young adult even now I suffer with
this oh of course
I've stopped inflicting self-harm look
but I have struggled with my self-worth
so much whenever I look into the mirror
I can't see a girl that I love and
appreciate
oh I can't see somebody that is strong
and independent I see someone who's weak
and who's been broken and shattered
wrong a negative influence all her life
oh those of you out there who are
struggling because of some negative
influence in your life yeah whether it
be your parents or an ex best friend or
an ex boyfriend or a bully or anything
please remember that you're not alone
yes that you don't deserve to suffer
this way and nobody should be able to
say that to you you are wonderful
compassionate human beings and you have
so much to offer this world oh oh don't
let this negative influence take over
your life anymore
oh they sat down and talked to the mom
at the end whoa what a sad sad story
what a sad sad story with a beautiful
beautiful message okay guys I do not
want to see any of you feeling like this
okay even if you do have some evil
people in your life just know that you
are awesome okay you are worth every
single dollar in this whole world okay
you
okay.you god damn matter some days you
may think that you don't matter okay
just because the stupid people in your
life making you think that you're not
but you are okay and just because things
are tough now doesn't mean they'll
always be tough okay you just need to
stay strong stay independent and you can
get through those hardships but damn
okay what a beautiful story okay by the
next anime so I'm gonna be watching is
my strict parents put too much pressure
on me now this story sounds very
relatable okay because my parents were
very strict with me growing up but let's
watch this girl's story I was diagnosed
with depression ever since I was 14 Oh
living with depression feels like
there's a ticking bomb inside you
counting down the seconds until I
finally reaches zero
oh and darkness around all over you and
there's little to no way out oh when I
was 17 my self-esteem was down lonely
for so long no I just hated myself for
having these problems no the fact that I
was a junior in high school was already
stressful enough yeah but the fact that
the environment at school taught way
much better than at home it was too much
for me to carry got stuck on a
traditional Oh tours had to be done
every day
oh the apartment had to be perfectly
clean and there wasn't one day I
wouldn't be put to shame for not doing
things right if I didn't meet my mom and
dad's expectations oh I will get yelled
at all and see new year came along I was
afraid of turning 18 because I believe
my parents will put more expectations on
me I secretly hoped they would forget my
birthday okay they didn't ah they want
more of her because she's 18 man there's
a difference of wanting your child to be
the best they can be and you know
putting too much pressure you need a
good balance of you know pressure
hard-working nurse and you know fun you
know fun is something a lot of parents
forget after a stressful senior year I
finally reach my goal of graduation okay
but the struggle didn't end there oh I
still live with my parents and the rule
applied that as long as I'm under the
roof oh I still have to follow the rules
I'm still getting yelled I know and be
put to shame for not doing things right
oh we're trying one evening
I got so alone I gathered the courage to
talk about how I felt to my dad whoa it
was something I was afraid of doing talk
about my feelings to any of my parents
oh because I would always end up feeling
even worse than one night began and all
everything went downhill after tried to
confront both my mom and dad oh and tell
him to please take it easy on me that
their high expectations was too much for
me
oh when everything failed I began to
break down so bad oh I thought pain not
only mentally and emotionally but
physically sick green I was breathing
too fast and subbing so hard because I
felt so crushed but the fact that my
parents will not change their ways of
applying pressure on me to be perfect no
that evening I was brought to a hospital
by my therapist Oh coach I spent ten
days in the hospital before I got
discharged okay okay I wasn't ready to
go back to my parents house did you haul
muscles I had barely begun to value
myself to accept myself to know I am
worth something
yeah and that I have the right to make
choices were you doing so I arranged
things with my best friend and currently
I am staying there until I am right go
back to my parents to gather plenty of
armor against the many struggles I will
have to face them in the future
Oh my depression is something that makes
my life a little challenging but the
thing is I love challenges Oh bring it
on bring it on one optimistic young girl
and the fact that this story is
happening now she she says she's been
speaking that story like at her friend's
house that's what she's been driven to
by her strict strict parents man I took
a lot of courage for her to do something
like that but I think it needed to be
done and there's really a lot we're
gonna be watching is gun scare at school
oh my god did this kid
bloody bring a gun to school so today in
English class our English teacher was
going through the rules again just
because I guess like some people were
forgetting them or like breaking the
rules so anyway she was like okay just
to remind you guys there's no food in
class no talking to your neighbor
without permission
yeah if I catch you with your phones and
your
gonna have to have it taken away and
your parents are gonna have to come get
it when she said that part about the
phones this kid raised his hand and he's
like a really creepy kid oh no he's
Pennywise the clown and he was like well
what if I shoot you like hold up hold up
what oh my gosh teacher so I just like
looked at him and I scooped my desk away
the whole class went silent Omar thought
anything we're all just staring at him
like we were all just in shock like did
he just learn to shoot they're just mad
after like 10 seconds of it being like
completely silent he reached in his back
reached in his backpack after he said he
was going to shoot somebody with oh my
god captain the class we need the
full-on panic the kid sitting across
from us tackled into the ground
mr. Bauer was able to grab his backpack
and get away from him nobody else like
ran down to the office super quick and
got the police officer to go and get him
it was so scary did the other guard
school was in lockdown and they wouldn't
tell us if he had a gun or not like
Della's we were all just like wondering
and people were crying and like texting
their parents oh my gosh it was the
worst always I an email
three hours after school gets out
they're like well he didn't have a gun
he's just kidding around disciplinary
measures disciplinary measures you know
that could be put in jail Oh No so he
didn't have a gun and I'm really
grateful for that just you know it's not
okay to threaten anybody with a gun yeah
especially at school especially your
teacher like yeah I'm glad I'm still
alive but I'm kind of scared to go to
school tomorrow oh god no it's fine okay
I'm sure he was just joking
Jesus Christ okay yeah you can't joke
about something like that
which is kind of sad now you think about
it that we're living in a world where in
America you know like like shit like
that happens you know we're kids you
know take guns to school you know and do
bad bad things okay it's something that
you know shouldn't joke around because
you know a couple of people have ruin
and it so you can't I can't make that
joke that is some serious stuff or the
next video I want to watch is I kiss my
crush at a party okay
I remember I was in sixth grade and
there was this big party for this this
super popular girls birthday okay and
everybody wanted to go to her parties
because she was like the rich girl rich
girl I always have good food yeah great
dances and mariachis in the whole of
nine yards down so only like this boy
and the boy and I really liked each
other and everybody knew they were just
asking and wondering when are they gonna
kiss okay and I hadn't kissed anybody
and he hadn't kissed anybody so it was
kind of implied that we were gonna kiss
up this part oh so I get to this party
and of course everybody knows each other
and buddy's parents are also there
because it's like a neighborhood party
oh I was very nervous for some reason
and I was talking to my friend we were
giggling and the guys were making fun of
the guy that I liked and they were like
all hahaha nothing in the corner and
eating and all the girls were sitting
around me and they're like oh so what
are you gonna do oh well yeah well just
say so I go with my friend and we're
just dancing on the dance floor and some
other girl from my class was this aside
and they're like oh Bethel wants to see
you I was like oh geez that was the boy
I liked okay come with me so she brings
me downstairs
Oh Vicco and his friends are just
laughing and pushing each other and his
friends have cell phones out my friends
have their phones out and they were
surrounding us and we were okay am I the
only one that finds it weird that her
friends are filming kiss this boy okay I
know we're living a different world than
what what I was like when I was a kid
but come on now to use your phones to
record it I think that's kind of creepy
and we're just awkwardly looking at each
other and looking away and he's sweating
and I'm very red and then the guys are
let go so are you gonna kiss her kiss
kiss kiss me it turns into a chant
everybody's like kiss kiss oh god the
pressure was like very very shy I was
like well I ain't no chicken so I
grabbed by the shirt and I press my lips
against all and never experiences before
and it was nice it lasted around I don't
know six six good
I was doing you know making fun of us
and then like never another it was like
I don't know and then I just I just
kissed him again and okay
they were about to record the third kiss
I was like no I'm about out there is it
I just run back to my parents and I sit
down at the table with them they're like
oh are you having fun with your friends
I'm like yep I'm having lots of fun and
that was my first kiss ah that's the
sweet story about our first kiss okay I
said as an old man okay I'm an old man
guys I find it creepy that I'm hearing a
story about some young girl getting
their first kiss but you know what it's
cute okay some of you guys are really
young okay okay the next animation we're
going to watching is I lost my hair I'm
guessing it's a sad story about the girl
having no hair I was born with a
condition called alopecia which means my
hair follicles just weren't working Oh
No goo any hair on my head so he was
basically bald for most of my life
because there's different types of
alopecia there's where your hair can
grow back and fall out oh and there's
one where you just it doesn't go back oh
yeah that type so it was pretty hard
like having no hair for most of my
childhood and I had to wear wigs and
stuff and just very good whenever I was
at sleepovers they'd be like oh my god
we should do our hair oh she can't do it
she's got no hair I didn't have any fun
there was a few times where there were
bullies and people were mean to me like
one time in school a boy pulled my wig
off in front of everyone and everyone
stared it wasn't good that's so horrible
what kind of dumb escape will pull off a
witness someone I was confident enough
to go out with no hair without putting
on my wig and there'd be people staring
Oh
laughing and it just it was just so
strong the good things that came with
having no hair or I never got hit like
like I remember getting a note home
saying there's head lice in your class
you should check your child's hair and
stuff and I never had to get checked and
I never had to get rooted I never had
lice because I just didn't have hair and
I'm also on a website called the
Rapunzel foundation all children can
donate their hair people that don't have
it and actually when I turned 10 my hair
started to grow again is amazing it's
just so weird why is this happening yeah
and it just it grew and it grew and kept
growing and then I got some hair
extensions when it was long enough and I
had them for about a year that's already
decided I don't want them anymore I want
my own hair yeah so I got them out I got
my hair trimmed and that was just like a
dream come true
I'd never got it with my own head of
hair and it was just so great oh happy I
was so confident oh what a great story
Oh see I'm glad I watched this video
because I had no idea what alopecia is
okay I had no idea that some people
didn't can't grow hair because of it
okay and yeah this is a little girl
sharing her experiences her life
experiences of dealing with that sort of
thing for some young little girl to live
her life without having any hair she has
to be a very very strong woman okay god
damn or what what a great story that was
all right I don't watch too many story
booth animations because I want you guys
to go and watch them all but the last
one we're gonna be watching is I was
homeless I mean my sisters didn't get
along ah and I could never understand
why no it bullied me tormented me for a
long time as a kid oh no they would
dress me up like a girl telling me that
I should have been a female so that I
could fit in because nobody wants a bra
Oh tell me hateful things because I love
to eat
oh they hurt the keys they ridiculed oh
it was terrifying that's so sad you know
despite my mother
doing her best she was never home long
enough to enforce the rules
oh no she had to take care of us she had
to keep us alive in the house roof over
our heads
she's already doing so funny tears came
to roll around the once verbal teasing
and emotional trauma ended up turning
into violent eventually the violence got
so bad that I felt I couldn't be safe in
the house anymore my mom felt the same
way oh no and she sent me to live with
my uncle because there was nowhere else
I could go I would you do that things
were okay and then out of the blue my
uncle got a signal which took me out of
a place to live
oh no I found myself at Central Park and
ironically enough this is when Pokemon
go was a big thing so it was really easy
to blend in the crowds because everyone
was running around Central Park looking
for Pokemon oh it didn't look weird for
this chubby kid to be sitting down you
know on a cracked foam mouse sitting to
himself oh no I was hungry
I didn't have any money for so now he's
homeless I found myself in McDonald oh
and this group of teenage kids was
asking if anyone wanted the food that
they weren't going to eat all cuz they
didn't want to throw it away and they
ended up leaving it by the door what a
couple of minutes before I took it
oh no that's so sad that's all night I
was assaulted by a group of people Oh No
receded to beat on me until till they
figured it just wasn't fun anymore
horrible after it was over I I took my
broken phone out of my pocket and I
called my mom Oh No
we go about searching for places and
that place led me to an adolescent
shelter Oh called Covenant House oh
that's great I find myself with friends
not camouflaging myself in my pain
embracing it and finding connections
oh they're giving me this sense of hope
this faith that things can be better
the so myself connecting to my mother
and knowing that she knows that I'm okay
I found my redemption on a house and I'm
hoping that while I was here that people
have found redemption in me too oh what
a great great story this poor poor guy
if you are a homeless kid or know
someone who is common house can help
damn this kid poor guy Jesus Christ man
after watching that animation the only
thing I can think about is how lucky we
are to know that we are not in that sort
of situation where we it's unbearable to
live at home man some people's lives are
so hard you know I'm just so grateful
that you know my life is not as hard as
these people but damn it takes a lot of
you know willpower courage you know
confidence to sort of get through that
damn a lot of respect a lot of respect
okay guys on that note I think I'm gonna
end the video there like I said at the
beginning the video story booth are
doing an amazing thing right now you
know they're working with you know young
kids you know anyone basically that has
a story to tell you know the story booth
are doing something good you know so go
subscribe to their Channel they're
making great content go check out their
website if you want to get involved
either way though guys so much watching
and I'll see you in the next video man
so the guys love you Bob
