hey guys it is mr. Selfridge today I am
with my two sisters kandi and Frankie hi
hi all right must awkward intro of ever
had I know so Mia is accompanying us
this time
alright seriously no one cares that much
so what I have gone and done as you can
see by the title right have bought a
helium canister okay because we're gonna
be doing the helium challenge and what
this challenge is basically you know
we're just gonna be you know sucking on
balloons that's pretty much it what do
you guys think this is because it's low
balloons so wrap the balloon around the
thing and then push the nozzle down til
you take this and then you just push
this down scary
that's scary no no I don't like that
that's too scary for me more more more
more such an idiot good question this is
there we go now we're talking
Coolio gangster's paradise no one no
regular voices back
today I inhaled some helium balloons
I am Morgan Freeman on
but when you're not really fine but you
just can't get into it because they
would never understand okay guys I'm not
gonna lie I think I've been having a
little bit too much here so I think I
better stop the video here I want to
thank you guys so much for watching I
hope you did enjoy because it was fun
filming especially with my high voice so
I'll see you guys in the next video mine
say bye bye guys on here
