whoo hello everyone how is everyone
doing it is measure selfish today we are
playing the visitor returns now if you
haven't watched part 1 of this series
boom you need to go and watch it
okay now the visitor is a game where you
play as an alien which needs to kill a
bunch of animals oh right and whatever
animal it kills or then evolved to then
add to the animal and basically the aim
of the game is to pain it pretty much
kill everything that you can get your
hands on so yeah enough talking let us
see the visitor returns oh my goodness
okay bomb no get a share buy your shitty
developer some shitty logo here we go
the visitor returns oh no oh no another
comet has landed on earth
click the environment to devour and
simulate your prey hell yeah we're gonna
do that oh my goodness this bloody
animal where are we
Oh No put a lock on it can I kill the
racoon go go go go go go go go go go
alright Hey rest in peace little alien
that's nap okay so we have a lawnmower
we have a light we can't turn on the
lawnmower because there's no power but
if we steal it from this lamp and plug
it in here the lawnmower has power turn
it on okay now the bunny baku is gone
and then we check out the tool box take
the hammer break the lock oh i can't
break the lock break the other side I
did now I can open the trash oh yeah
now open the trash okay and then turn
off the thing the lawn ah sorry I forgot
the name of it turn it off yeah that
raccoon game raccoon iwakuni is about
the bloody die I'll kill him kill him
kill him oh god damn it I turn it on and
do I go oh I hit in the food
oh my god I just buddy ate that thing
from the inside
mother of God oh no where are we now
we're in some guys RV shit okay there's
a bloody skunk over there putting the
skunk's on looking trying to pack it try
and attack it try and attack it what
this shit do I do then get the spider
baby oh oh god damn it I can't reach it
I can click on this log and the log on
the fireplace
Oh paper oh try to make a fire can this
go on the fireplace
oh they want me to cook the fans they
want me to start a fire whether we need
to start a fire is this
look there's a lighter in this girl's
jacket quickly light up the fire here we
go baby burn this shit burn this shit
come on Scott and then the food it's
light everywhere oh the sun's gonna get
the food I can climb on this window
alright climb on the windows that's good
go on go on go on
and climb the window oh okay I thought I
could climb through this hole about
irony icon oh I can click on this can of
food do I give to the skunk there's a
spider on it oh oh oh I put food on it
so the spiders now coming gone he
despite that he despite that he despite
a full oh I hate it and I bloody evolved
into a bloody spider can I now kill the
skunk oh no I'm gonna kill the skunk now
don't kill me already playing when I
farted on you earlier I don't give a
shit about you skunky you farted on me
and I'm gonna bloody kill you oh no oh
no oh no oh Jesus Christ what the hell
if I turn do to now I'm part skunk part
beaver part raccoon ok can I now go
inside now that I'm a super human bloody
now I'm not human at all am i ok maybe I
can go in now maybe I'm big and powerful
enough to do it maybe maybe oh oh I
fought it in the thing so they opened
the window for fresh air
we're in the next stage look guys
there's a guy here do you think we're
gonna kill him god damn it I hate my
life good one and my wife leave me
goddamn Susan stupid bitch we're gonna
kill this guy guys wait there's a
scorpion here there's a donkey here guys
you goddamn whining you goddamn stupid
dog come on man I'm just trying to help
come on man so what do i do then I could
open up the fridge and then click on
hotdogs get outside oh no he thinks it's
the dog did it goddamn stupid dog taking
out my goddamn hot dogs man oh come on I
gotta go outside now all right can I
kill this guy right now hey what Jackie
is right there shut up your goddamn dog
aliens and real oh man you're about to
die any second now god damn it okay so
it looks like I can't do anything
because the dogs there
can I go by the side no way get down
from there I know what you're trying to
do you're trying to kill my owner
goddamn it you better stop right now oh
no I don't accrue the COBE no way Oh
hey recipes guys okay everyone leave a
comment right now rest in peace Toki
okay he does not he does not deserve to
die okay I didn't need to do that okay I
think I didn't need to do that but I
shouldn't the dogs dead now how many K
okay it's a dog in a game in a flash
game it's not real okay I'm guessing I
can go back inside now
huh oh I'm back inside with no
distractions from doggy can I go on a
kill him okay I can't do that what do I
do next then and I rattle these plates
noise pick his cigarettes oh okay I
spilled a cigarettes on the floor oh I
can open this drawer huh is that spray
wait a second I could take the lighter
and then mix it with the spray okay it
was nothing I'm gonna go back to
drinking wait a second alright I put the
fire on the thing and he just sees a
bunch of flames and he's just like oh
okay never mind it's okay so what the
hell do I do then
what does rattling plates do oh i
rattled the plates when he was drinking
so he spilled alcohol in his drink wait
alcohol is flammable so if I take the
lighter mix it with a sprite oh okay oh
okay I didn't burn him to death I just I
just burned him and now he's hurt oh so
much now wait can I now kill him oh I
can now kill him now that he's
distracted how the shit am I gonna kill
this man oh my god I bloody
goddammit okay don't do that it hurts
your throat so much haha can I go in the
room
oh my god there's a woman there she's
shooting bullets now go in Oh No uh what
was she doing ah she bloody shot me in
the bloody face okay I think this is our
last victim let's go outside
oh there she is in the next door get up
get up get up get up get up yeah Oh
she shot me okay I can open this get a
beer it's on a bit yeah she shot the
beer now the window is open she's
exposed go in go in go in huh oh I mean
I mean guys oh here it is
the last ending of the level okay that
was a terrible explanation but cool I
have five choices of how I'm gonna kill
her this is gonna be so much fun okay
let's use the course oh okay one I
didn't do anything she just shot me the
mouth
no scorpion no what about this oh my god
what do I do now do I use my bloody spy
the sack oh my god I just came on her
face I'm here
oh she suffocated oh okay whoa look at
all the deaths you can do oh I get it so
there's one two three four five six
kills which you can do now so that was
suffocation okay so far on her so she
stops her gun and then you scorpion oh I
thought he made it up yeah okay she died
of in there nomination from the scorpion
okay that's cool okay next let's use
this mouth once doing the fort Oh
oh my god that shit's crazy I just spent
took off a bloody head by next after the
fight let's use these claws oh no oh no
oh no put the hot now what do I sack up
I did a sector
oh no way she's suffocated okay alright
well do I scorpion
I took out a heart oh my god okay
alright well that was ventricle
penetration do I eat it Oh what the shit
okay alright then okay guys we have one
more ending mutation okay well oh okay I
saw I use this by the web to up for a
gun to shoot you you goddamn alien okay
so I used the hands oh my god I took of
a mouse and then the last one that was
oh my god okay guys that looks like it's
the end of the game these games are
pretty cool okay I actually never played
this second one I only played the first
one
when I was a kid but these are some
pretty cool games alright so if you guys
like me playing flash games alright
because I kind of feel like playing some
old flash games that's why I made videos
on these two games
leave a like alright if this video
reaches 10,000 I'm gonna do some more
flash games which are similar to this
alright so if you like this you'll love
the types of flash games I'm gonna play
in the future either way though I hope
you all did enjoy because I definitely
did and I'll see you in the next video
man silletti guys love you bar back
