hello everyone how was it one doing is
mess yourself there today we are gonna
be reacting to some of the most spoiled
little shits in the whole goddamn world
Xbox please shut up you will get no Xbox
don't hit babies guys but a doll so
that's this show called toddlers and
tiaras and basically it's a show where
they dress up little like 4 year old
girls all right for a beauty pageant
okay now most of the kids on this show
are spoiled little brats okay they
genuinely think that they're princesses
because they're being taught this shit
from such a young age now I'm not
blaming the kids on the show I am
blaming the goddamn stupid parents okay
because they do not know how to raise
children probably I won't make you tea
now you go make dinner yourself okay
once again
don't hit babies actually just don't hit
anyone okay because it's not good what's
the shitty show now because the bus are
behind the camera does she think she's
beautiful
like she starts running away and this
cameraman is just chasing her around
it's like come on new girl I need to
film you okay this is my job I got a
phone you because she's screaming get
away from me okay Jesus Christ yeah go
run to your daddy look at this dumbass
dad okay this I have no respect for this
guy our bloody hat okay like seriously
look at the state of this stupid mom
okay she's clearly like 60 years old but
she's got her hair all done up she's got
nice earrings on the air trying to
pretend that she's you know like 30
years old when clearly she's a sad old
pathetic woman who's living out her life
dreams through her daughter
I got kind of serious but yes sir see
look at this just look at the state of
my mom about the awesome mom I get a
little tired she's getting all
frustrated she's kind of got some little
stimulation going on student your
standard even mean she has to have
herself mentally prepared to go on just
wants to go home and play with my boys
or some shit the cover Mises Birmingham
today this like we have a moment that's
around Minds like
oh Jesus Christ okay this girl's kind of
scary I'm not gonna lie
see what do you guys think okay do you
think the trials to blame and she's
being a little bit of a spoiled brat or
do you think the parents are to be
blamed to raising a spoiled little brat
everyone leave a comment right now I
want to know what you guys think God is
the same girl she tried close the door
the cameraman herself Jesus Christ is
possessed little girl look about Jesus
Christ this girl's Gary Brenda gets
upset you know um mom gets upset too
I mean she was still mic'd up oh my
goodness
yeah Taylor's gonna let him back in Oh
little ants or something now oh my god
calm down it's constable your zone one
that you guys know
she screamed okay see this is proof that
this girl's a spoiled little brat
because she's used to just screaming her
way to getting cunt things this is
stupid Osgood I want my own way oh oh
Brenna's full of drama they're just
saying that that's not true yeah that is
part of her personality you give them
that what a dumb ass woman okay miss
someone who's such a dumb ass but that
is part of her personality some people
don't like that kind of personality but
those people are jealous oh my god this
woman's delusional she is actually
delusional oh here comes the part where
she's actually performing okay okay all
right yeah you know I don't feel
comfortable watching little girls you
know dance around and shake their little
things okay mix we kind of feel like a
bit of a bit of a weird guy okay I'm not
gonna lie well we have to practice so we
can't be in the practice room okay
you're in the practice room you have to
practice oh this is a new mom okay this
girl looks about three years old how old
is this girl okay so she's telling her
you can't be in this room unless you're
practicing and she doesn't want to
practice of course you just want to
practice she wants to go home and play
with our toys okay she don't want to
practice no shaking her booty okay she's
4 years old what is she gonna do she's
gonna show girls you know get away with
stuff like she holds them accountable
for their actions
I don't want you to yell and throw fit
in here but if we're at home I'm like
nope timeout oh she's gonna give her a
timeout but that doesn't want to
practice yeah she's gonna they're gonna
give her a timeout because she doesn't
want to practice watching from outside
the door yeah this is great
Quartey yeah
yeah she's kind of been like that three
major stage right now like three major
wall she's right now like she can get
really moody movement I think when it
comes all love beyond that see oh my god
I trust cambree I see how her girls are
successful so she's gonna do great
oh my god all this poor girl push this
kid out
she's pushing this kid into this room
I'm knocking on in this room okay okay
now you can see what I'm trying to say
that these parents don't know how to
bloody be a parent Jesus oh my god just
looks and oh oh
man I just feel sorry for these kids
okay because they're gonna have to grow
up you know with that as a role model of
a mom Jesus Christ okay this next video
apparently the mother forces her
five-year-old daughter to wax her
eyebrows now you guys probably have
never had waxing okay and it hurts like
hell I actually did it in a video this
is how much it hurts I'm not pulling it
off you don't have to pull off three oh
let me wax your eyebrows and they'll
give you this candy ooh that sure is a
lot of candy mom okay okay she had a bad
experience with not Jessica but another
lady to wear and the wax was way too hot
and it actually worked off her skin so
she's been kind of terrified every since
then waxing if you've heard that it's
been ripping off your skin what when
you're an adult okay you can bear with
that kind of pain but when you're a
child okay you shouldn't be ever be put
in harm that jeez serious mess yourself
has come out okay I don't even know how
they allowed to film stuff like this
Jesus
she's saying no no no and she's shaking
okay oh my goodness and they're just
like no say that beauty doesn't play a
part when you pageants but they're
called beauty pageants for a reason my
wig is just holder darlin ripped it off
what the hell was that okay normally I
would have felt down and just whipped it
off you don't know anything okay all
right so first thing I think these
parents are fighting wait why does this
guy have a goat in his hands
we're all in our 40s fighting outside is
going to solve anything except for
someone going to jail thank you okay
yeah take the goat well even know why
the hell he has a goat but don't ask
questions come on trying to walk away
from the situation like 10 times I walk
away from this in times one of those
comes back these parrots just find out
Alessandra oh honey honey honey these
little app here would like to see a
Cinderella story so can you pick up
whoops oh that these but can feel better
about their life
she's a child yeah she has a bit of
sense we live on a farm lady don't start
and there won't be any you know I gotta
get away from I need to bend down you go
get a paper towel I need to clean up the
goat crap wait the goat took a shit in
the hole okay and that's why they're
fighting about who's gonna clean up the
goat shit okay and if you can't do it
then maybe have your husband wiped some
sweat off his face and he can use his
hands maybe you look in the mirror honey
but your ass in any smaller than mine
then again her camel toe was much larger
than anybody's real real mature okay
guys that was me reacting to toddlers
and tiaras a show by TLC where parents
that are from America and they're crazy
you know take their kids and just ruin
their lives okay so that was me reacting
to them okay if you enjoyed this video
leave a like if we reached 10,000 I
might react to some more TV shows okay
cuz there's some funny TV shows out
there okay I'm gonna end the video here
all right thank you guys so much
watching see in the next video buh-bye
stop you're dead no Xbox
