oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
it is mash yourself a today we are
playing whack the creeps
hey go kiddies do Patrick is enjoying a
night out in a bar with his girlfriend
Lisa oh hey hold a second I need to take
a piss
wait hold up a second said a pretty girl
over there hey you wanna show me them
titties oh my goodness
he bloody took his hand and looked up my
bloody skirt oh please man ah bloody
pervert we must kill them in creative
ways find all the ways to kill the
creeps I will gladly do that go back to
my place I'll show you a good time
you're so pretty I'm just gonna stand
here and watch and watch my glance I
don't see anything wrong with this okay
the first option is the bloody apply
heel I can't imagine what she's gonna do
with this buddy high heel Oh what you're
gonna do what's gonna do what you're
gonna do no no this gum it's crazy this
game scored whack for creeps not bloody
kick him in the bloody Willy okay
everyone hey girl we're back you're
gonna show me them titties now or one
girl will get impatient show me them
titties Oh disgusting these guys clear
they're not learning the lesson time to
do another kill alright next care we're
gonna do is this stool oh she walks over
the stool
grabs the story you did good girl oh you
did good okay every wine is shit okay
okay next thing we're gonna do is the
bloody arm Burrell
no she's walking over to the umbrella
grabs it what she's gonna do what Oh
where's he going oh my god oh my god oh
my god she's not done is she she's not
oh my god okay this girl she's a
murderer okay
anyway rewind okay next to the umbrella
is the dots oh god what's this gonna be
this object requires a second to work
all right the dots and all maybe the
dots and the dartboard go together it
worked what she's gonna do with the
bloody darts and a dartboard she walks
over grabs the door is an option how am
I gonna kill them using a toilet door oh
my god oh and she's dragging into the
toilet what's gonna do in there okay
Alicia's washing her hands
Alicia's being clean about it okay come
on now 5 out of 19 oh my goodness we're
gonna be here forever
wait I can live on the beer tap oh no I
can imagine that I'm gonna drown him
with my beer
Oh what you gonna do gonna do oh oh oh
sorry I'll play that again please
Oh God okay all right
helping me okay that's good I guess wait
a second oh bloody kill these bloody
creeps man this is this game makes me
feel just a little bit uncomfortable
okay there's anyone else for like that
way apparently I can kill these creeps
next with a pencil stick out of it we're
gonna do next oh my god I don't even
know what to say what do I say except
for next one is the jukebox
oh now it's walking over to the jukebox
oh yeah we can do that we'll just go
like oh no all right she did it Oh who's
this hmm is that a bodyguard oh no
what's he gonna do what's gonna oh oh
okay
I just realized how long is my boyfriend
been in the toilet for Jesus Christ
what's he doing a big shit okay we are
more than halfway done 10 out of 19 my
next one we're going to do is the pool
stick oh all I need to combine it okay
there's another pool stick here maybe
this one yeah of course maybe go I'm
gonna go grab his pool stick and we're
gonna have a game of pool just bloody
just threw the stick nice throw oh no
she's back oh no she's back oh no oh no
this girl's crazy okay I don't like okay
I was on the side from the start but not
anymore
oh if we go to the speaker we can
apparently call staff
oh no what's she gonna do she's gonna go
over oh closed off coming right now
Oh No here he comes here he comes oh no
listen guy we don't want no trouble
well you found it
okay this guy's job is to make sure
everyone has a good time and feel safe
not to kill its customers but okay let's
move on to the next one wait we can
click on the stairs okay what does the
stairs - oh okay
hits it with a handbag and then kicks
him in his balls oh should take him to
the stairs know what's gonna do two
minutes later no no to push it off the
roof
No landed on the spikes and that's the
boyfriend just chilling out bad
why is the chicken outside walls
girlfriend is being all touched up and
passed on well looks like my girlfriend
killed another creep all right let's
just the pool balls okay oh shit look at
that asshole
oh my god why'd he do that for you bitch
Oh
oh my god oh no what's gonna do now what
you know now who's gonna know God okay
she she hit the pool balls in his mouth
disgusting alright next one is the
wineglass oh not what you're gonna do
now wants to lose it now okay
hit some with a hard bite yet again and
then goes over to a wine glass breaks it
oh my god wait a second we can go into a
handbag and then we can pick up even
more options so this one is the Taser
gone no no no oh no it's gonna grab the
tasers and she no no no
Oh God she's laughing okay this girl's
disgust freaking me out okay I do not
I'm scared of her all right also in a
handbag we have pepper spray what you
gonna do
grab the pepper spray and then and then
and then okay ii lost one now it's the
lipstick how was bloody the lipstick
gonna bloody kill these guys
okay let's stick with the gun and she
shot this she shot him in the willy with
his lipstick with the shit is wrong with
this woman carrying around a gun that's
lipstick you've unlocked a final kill
alright so the last level seems to be
the smoking sign it's Patrick my
boyfriend he's my boyfriend gonna come
in and whack bloody creeps I'll have to
combine it so the smoking sign and the
smoking sign and the cough this will
require action oh my goodness I'm back
again what's going on what's going on
please tell me over oh no what's he
doing what's he doing what's he doing
life
oh no shit some of it I got it and then
oh please tell me that's it oh we did it
okay and then we leave the bar which we
probably should have done in the first
place but uh yeah that was that was it
looks like it okay we did it yay Oh
white lace German I'm going to end the
video there now leave a like if you
enjoyed okay if you made it to the end
of the video you have to leave a like
that's like a rule okay if we reach
10,000 likes all right I'm gonna do
another whack your game okay because I
kind of like them they're quite funny
alright I've made a videos on what your
games before okay and they were funny
videos alright they were really good
everyone watch them and enjoy them seven
watch them go watch them either way
though I think I saw much watching I
love you buh-bye
