oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
as much as all fit today we are playing
mother simulator drama slap this baby in
this video so I've seen a couple of
youtubers make a video on this game is
basically a mother simulator way got or
take after take off the where you've got
to look after a baby shut up okay you
will like your daddy whether you like it
or not okay just before the video starts
I have to mention again
do not hit babies it's a joke okay this
is a doll not a real baby
don't hit real babies okay now Oh wrong
answer well after the quiz number one
meet the baby up three two one
baby I can pay you to work is for my
baby do everybody don't look guys
there's the baby sitting in this bloody
crap oh the baby's so cute can I pick up
the baby my baby this baby's so cute and
adorable look at him okay so I can pick
up the baby what else can I do with it I
can tilt it to the side dumb baby
I'm gonna go to jail it's okay drop your
baby no one will dare that's a joke do
not harm anyone period so if you press
right mouse click
what the hell have I done to my baby oh
baby oh okay um my baby's dead okay the
baby's okay all right thank God oh that
was for mommy baby boy shut up you
stupid baby okay so apparently a moment
to read this note above your baby you
can see a blah blah blah blah horse
apparently this object is a pacifier I
think the baby wants to suck on
something I want to suck something
preferably baby it's okay to joke about
that because babies do suck T's don't
they oh look guys I found a pacifier oh
I got distracted and dropped my baby in
the process whoops all right so grab the
pacifier there you go listen you
ungrateful little shit okay you suck on
the pacifier this dumbass game if only I
had someone to take out my frustration
on Oh
apparently the pacifies dirty and we
need to wash it under the tap first so
turn the tap on orbiter running water
okay take the pacifier turn on the tap
run it under water oh oh it's clean now
there you go baby there we go there we
go and there we go I did it yay okay
level two gift from the baby okay now
the baby wait hang on a second
whoa baby to the city London I may have
put meet my pants
you disgust me baby all this baby wakes
all this is disgusting I pick up on it
get out of it you dumb ass baby okay
guys I'm gonna give him one sniff to see
how bad it is or this first take off the
diaper oh it stinks so much oh can I now
throw it in the bin it goes to the left
he goes to the right alright we've
gotten rid of the stink your diaper next
we take baby powder and then we look at
the baby
now I'm kidding we sprinkle it on the
baby and now we take a fresh diaper and
put it on the baby boom and we did it
that will do they're down yeah or level
three dinner is served
probably making the baby dinner you
already want something you little shit
okay I've got this bottle here do I need
to wash it cuz it looks dirty as shit I
just doing it oh it washed it okay oh I
drop on the floor oh this dirty finally
dropping on the floor I literally
dropped on the floor for two seconds how
does is my bloody floor what am i doing
you stupid baby okay it's okay don't
know baby no one will get
Oh baby are you okay uh okay it's fine
oh sorry baby okay I didn't mean to
stupid baby okay it's just as fun
throwing this baby around in that it is
in real life
okay I've watched the top and the bottom
of the bottle oh shit I just dropped on
the floor and it is no no no oh shit
okay
no under the shitting thing now I'll
just put it down go oh it's running up
did it work I don't know actually all
right next we need this baby formula so
we take this oh we take a spoon and then
we put it in the formula is that is that
good enough how made you want one spoon
to spoon three spoon all the sports then
we put the lid on and then we take the
bottle and give it to a lovely baby you
want great fruit baby okay do you know
how long I spent doing that shit damn
stupid baby making me run around this
goddamn house making me do dumb shit why
is it so hard to be a mother
okay what's the pacifier off and then
just stick it in this dumbass baby's
mouth okay okay we're in the bloody
baby's bedroom now look at the shit guys
oh my god okay sorry about that uh
pacifier check oh shit where do I go
where do I go oh no where's the bloody
water found in this house is so bloody
big oh there seems to be a food mirror
at the top and it's about to run out
what's gonna happen when the baby goes
hungry is he gonna
okay nothing happened the babies starve
to death that's what happened how could
a baby starve to death by not waiting
for five minutes for food okay I've
watched the pacify again doo doo de doo
da da da okay here you go baby one
pacifier stupid ass baby making me dude
shit let's try and sit down
okay take his bottle and clean it right
now oh and let me starve to death for
goodness sake take this down here bloody
put the water on that fills up and then
you get the baby formula then you put
the baby for old god damn and I spilled
the bloody bottle now don't fall on the
floor
oh it just falls in slow motion for some
reason and they put the formula in the
bottle and then it just Falls every way
I spilled the milk and now the baby
start to get okay baby hey take your
bloody bottle okay see don't starve to
death your dumb ass baby okay there we
go
I did it and the bar hasn't moved
Oh apparentiy starved to death what is
this game okay what's off my pacifier
quick quick quick
sick the baby with a pacifier parenting
that's good but apparently now wants
food so grab the food which I already
made and then stick it in his mouth
quick okay is that good enough you happy
now yeah it's not let me win for some
reason is he not hungry for milk does he
actually want me to get my titties I
mean this is mother simulator I am a
mother right now
quick review blend okay I gave him your
milk okay is that fine yeah is that good
enough for you you you done washed baby
why do I keep low thing stupid us baby
okay throw them out the window
aye baby here we go I'm gonna throw you
in the trash okay that's where you
belong do dumbass baby okay guys I think
the game is broken unless any of you can
tell me what's up with that okay so if
you like this video leave a like if
we've reached 10,000 on this one I might
make a pot too because I only played
four levels and you know what it seems
like a stupid funny game except it
doesn't work off the time so yeah we hit
10,000 likes I will make another video
on this game thank you guys
watching and I'll see you in the next
video man sledder guys love you Baba
