hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is master selfie today I am filming my
April Fool's prank videos now what I've
done for this video is I've come up with
easy pranks which you guys could do at
home for April Fool's you know maybe
this year or next year just pranks in
general basically I wanted to come up
with easy pranks would you know you
could do with just a couple of things
you know and you could do at home you
know prank your friends you know that
sort of thing is my fridge I even put
googly eyes on my fridge okay so I
bought this whole packet of googly eyes
look how many googly eyes they gave me
all right and what I have done when you
open the fridge you will see just a
bunch of googly eyes just looking at you
when you go to take something out okay
even on the side
I've even got the mayonnaise and the
mustard so it's a bit of a harmless
prank all right no one gets hurt but I
think it's pretty cute when you open the
fridge you know and just see a bunch of
googly eyes just looking at you Mia
yeah come I want to show you something
okay
can you do me a favor and can you grab
me some orange juice from the fridge
I'll wait wait why is it was it some
would you call those googly a googly
eyes okay yeah can you get me some you
know some orange juice from the fridge
if something gonna spare me no no no no
looking at emia I feel bad eating what I
okay hopefully you are so Brennan told
me to prank him any time this month aim
to do a prank on him and since he
pranked me this morning I think today
would be a great day to do that for this
prank you will need this thing which I
don't know why it's called wrapping film
and you're gonna need that up there okay
guys so it may look like there is
nothing on the door but when you go back
you can clearly see there's the the flu
flu tape here so I taped it to the door
and when Brenda's gonna come downstairs
hopefully we're lucky enough and he's
gonna run straight into that okay
Brandon can you come downstairs for a
second
Brandon bad bad
like a pasta that's such a good idea
that's so that's good yeah cuz I'm the
best prankster of the whole world what
what okay guys so this is Mia's room so
what I have done is I have bought some
balloons okay and what I'm gonna do all
today is that I'm gonna blow up these
balloons and fill it hopefully till the
top all right guys a bit of an update I
realised filling this whole room with
balloons
would take literally like two days
straight so what I have done instead is
that there is a bathroom and basically
what I've done I'll show you guys okay
it's a bit of a sneak peek I filled the
whole baby with balloons okay I'm gonna
close it okay wait can I take a selfie
no you take a picture and see out of it
you guys look or ugly Franklin County
have you seen the fridge just look at
the fridge god damnit googly eyes funny
right okay so what I've done for April
force
alright I've come up with a bit of
challenges for you guys you know for the
festive holiday our first one is
actually in the bathroom right over
there so I want one of you to open up
this bathroom door me Edoardo
so yeah open up the door as quickly as
you can and if I was you I would
probably back up over here as quickly as
he could three two wide open
okay well the room was filled to the
brim but now all of it is now everywhere
oh okay for this prank you just need
paper a brown pen and some scissors so
then we draw out the letter e all right
and then we just cut it out okay we have
our lotteries now we just paint them
brown all right and there we go we have
our brown ease I probably should have
got brown paper instead of just coloring
it brown but this all work let's just do
it
okay guys next what I have done all
right I swear this isn't a prank all
right what I have done is I have baked
you all some delicious oh look how
delicious these brownies look oh I bet
you guys really want these brownies
right now huh yeah you want the brownies
okay hey Tommy I have a brownie you want
to buy oh oh okay wait hang on a second
oh no no these brownies aren't for you
your brownies are here here you go thank
you but no get it look it's it's
brownies get it brown okay come on guys
our next challenge is actually a magic
trick so what I am going to do with this
magic trick I am going to take this
penny okay now I'm going to show you a
trick where I can get this penny in this
water bottle so what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna put the penny right there and I'm
gonna put the water bottle on top of
this and I'm gonna make the penny go
through the bottle and then go inside
the bottle
okay Mia I want you
I want I want you here okay I need a
volunteer what I'm going to do is I'm
going to bring a hand over the bottle
and I want you to say after me yeah
yeah okay that will work
okay now Mia what I want to do is now
look inside the bottle and you'll see
that the penny is actually inside the
bottle look you can see it from this
angle look that wasn't me Mia
that wasn't me I did try to do that out
of me I'm sorry oh okay well I was gonna
do that but can he beat me to it alright
last one now what I have done is I have
boiled some egg now there's three eggs
for each and every single one of you now
two of them are hard-boiled but one of
them are a regular egg so what I'm gonna
ask you is to bash this egg on your
forehead and you know one of you is is
gonna get egg on your face okay deal no
no you have to do it no no listen the
odds are too
the odds are two out of three no all
right pick an egg guys pick an egg or
which one's going to evil one already
hey guys oh yeah Brennan just pranked us
pranked us very successfully I would say
so we decided we're gonna prank him back
and we are going to fill a bucket with
flour put on top of the door and just
hope he would come down and get Goods
wet with flour okay great okay so what's
the plan then he's gonna walk in and
then it was just gonna topple over
mm-hmm isn't he gonna see it
great isn't peopIe back sweet and sour
flour yeah I guess a dessert that okay
great
well okay I'm prank get pranked I think
the real prank is no who's gonna clean
this up yeah yeah me yeah you did it I'm
gonna do cleaning off you're cleaning
out the flower I am okay guys I hope you
enjoyed this April Fool's video or
either a lot of fun pranking these
people you know and yeah I had a good
time I hope you guys enjoyed the video
if we reached when T thousand likes on
this video you know even though it's not
April Fool's I think I might start still
doing some you know some prank videos
okay because you know it's quite fun you
know and it's different type of videos
if you guys want to see that you know
let me know in the comment section I
would be down for doing that thank you
guys so much for watching and I'll see
you in the next video man sled the guys
love you bar back
