oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
as myself there today we are back yet
again with young dare we simulate in
this episode lazy German we are going to
be doing the stuff we didn't do in the
last video if you have watched that one
you go watch it you little shit boy
first things first
I think my shoes I love my shoes
oh excuse me would you please stop doing
that you're scaring me
Oh God I just scared some point what
kind of man would get scared if a girl
was looking at you what's the Aussie I
did not fall in love with so goddamn
pussy yes well I'm talking about
all right now in the last episode we
were introduced to the bullies okay oh
my god oh my god oh my god
hang on shut up dumbass bitches I hate
her but what I didn't notice is that
they did add a new student that is meant
to get bullied
my name is whore endure pursuing per
pure soup pure sue what's with these
Japanese and their shitty names so
apparently she is the one that's meant
to get bullied and if she gets bullied
she does not take it very well I'm not
bullying you you stupid go just go bitch
hate you too I just realized why is
everyone in my school white look at the
racists our school is this shit I'm not
gonna let a brother into the school you
know I'm so bloody mean sorry for this
cow
about me is someone spreading rumors I
don't know maybe someone is spreading
the rumors all right so what would eat
until now guys is we need to get proof
that someone is spreading rumors about
this girl so we can tell her okay guys
we need to follow the police very
carefully one of them is hearing and
spreading rumors look guys all of them
are going that way but this girl is
going this way oh my god
purple Chan's been spreading rumors why
get up close okay we have a picture as
evidence
now we must show this poor innocent girl
who has been spreading the rumor so what
I'm gonna do is I'm gonna leave a note
saying I want to speak with you about
bullying because she can't spoil it okay
so she'll know that you want to talk
about bullying please meet me behind the
school at exactly 7:00 a.m. I hope
you'll be there okay we've put the note
in now we just wait till she reads that
shit huh what's this what's this she's
reading the note maybe I should meet
them maybe you should maybe you'll find
out who's finally bullying you it's
bloody shitty purple Tran okay there she
is
she's behind the school let's talk to
our talk I found your note hey want to
say we don't want to say I can't stay
silent any longer yes I know who's
responsible for what you've been going
through she does take a look at this
photographs we will now show with the
photograph that proves that purple Chan
is the one spreading the rule-bot this
is the person who spread rumors about
you yes and ruined your reputation yes
I'm afraid that
they aren't going to stop they're not
going to start hell they've destroyed
your life whoa everything that's
happened to me is because of this person
thank you for telling me oh my lord I
need some time to think about this think
about it what's there to think about
your stupid ball you're gonna get
bullied the rest your life or even no do
something about it you're stupid all
speech I'm sorry I'm part of the problem
aren't I
what am I going to do spend the rest of
my life being bullied I must do
something
okay guys it's the next day of school
and now oh it was good where's his
bloody girl gone huh maybe she got sick
of the bullying and she stayed at home
that's strange
wait hang on a second is that her crying
in the corner I'm useless do it do it do
what kill kill no no no no no what is
she doing what is she going to bloody do
she saying kill over and over again so
I'm guessing she's gonna kill you know
oh no she didn't okay so um the girl
that was bullied okay everyone's
panicking okay alright so the girl that
was getting bullied ended up killing the
girl that was the reason for her being
bullied bit extreme okay I thought this
was like a child friendly kids game yeah
damn straight she attack that girl
because she was being bullied dude we
should have done something about it yeah
well she was crazy okay anyway that's
why I want to show you don't bully that
girl because she will not take it kindly
okay wait a second is this girl cleaning
hey cleaning man what I gotta clean out
this goddamn school okay I think this is
new apparently after school the students
have to clean the school is that some
Japanese shit I don't know
wait a second the police are cleaning up
there was a bathroom just talking I know
she was so crazy guys can you stop do
you know help us clean no I'm not
cleaning that shit get away from me you
freak
okay well that's cool I guess
all right so apparently the art club
thought of it ever not make - so whoa
look at all the paintings and stuff this
guy has really been busy oh hi no talk
now so tell me more about the optimal
paint we sculpt tatra crap what crop you
mean like my crop can I join this club
joining us
oh sure wise oh it's so nice these damn
nice paintings okay Oh someone painted
ready barber chair okay well that was
worth mentioning in this video sure why
not so what I haven't done in a while is
checked out the
Easter Egg menu so I think I checked out
most of these which one I checked okay I
don't know what this thing is but oh
okay well that was that Easter Egg Jesus
Christ we'll the one way you can kill
people by slashing their shins oh my god
okay which one else haven't I checked
out I don't think I've checked out the
Medusa one oh my god is Medusa Medusa is
that girl when you look at her you turn
into stone now just imagine me turning
to stone it's okay guys I didn't
actually so if I walk towards these
girls oh oh oh
they all understand when they looked at
me look it up what if snakes or not
bloody hair scary poopoo huh what about
teachers do they freeze oh they do guys
look at me look at me look at me look at
me look at me okay well they all turned
to stone a cow it's nice no I think
remember do my homework I ain't doing
that shit oh my god what does shit what
the hell happened to yard re oh my god
I'm walking really slow yeah I'm hungry
yeah
you're hungry what you're talking about
I can eat
what do you mean
just ate this girl must eat ma must eat
just done what I uh wait no wait Jeff I
know this upsets my piece of shit just
eat some pie that's what I'm talking
about
all right the last one I don't think
I've ever checked out is a gays are mold
what shit is this why are there these
weird ass Easter eggs okay ia scares me
okay so gays oh oh oh no so I can this
point people and they'll just burn okay
that's that's nice behind a second
I can change my ability so now oh oh no
she's frozen this has to be my favorite
Easter Egg oh my god wait why is there
blood if I let you someone why would
there be blood there's another ability
so now if I gaze Oh No so what it just
it's the opposite oh my god okay what
happens if I do outside on a you know
well she's gone
what's this one oh whoa did I just suck
the soul out of oh look guys whoa look
there's a skull I think that's it
wait there's another is this this one
okay it just makes them a dismembered
okay oh god I think that's it oh wait
it's not oh oh it turns into stone okay
we already won I won and yeah that's it
okay bitch I wonder if I can kill the
headmaster with any of the Easter eggs
all shit no no no how many shot me
mr. psycho the deal is off the tip what
deal
this head Moss is freaking me out guys
look I lost I am now guys okay
there is Norway Oh same place let me
down okay there's no way the headmaster
can kill me now my cue headmaster must
get here master Oh Oh No okay apparently
doesn't like it when you bring a weapon
or I'm that guy from undertale okay his
special power is this alright so come on
now how's the headmaster gonna avoid
that okay guys I'm going to end the
video here this episode was kind of like
a filler episode all right now if you
guys haven't watched my yandere
simulator series you need to okay some
of the best videos ever made on the
mesozoic channel okay and probably a lot
better than this one if you want me to
continue your Andheri simulator as soon
as the game gets updated if we reach
10,000 likes on this video I will do
that as soon as the game gets updated
hey guys I was watching I'll see you in
the next video man sledder guys love you
Bob
