hey guys this mess yourself me today I
am with my good friend Mia good friend
that's my joke and plus you gonna have
to speak louder than that tell me
something about yourself Mia I like I
like dogs and they I'm allergic to cats
and this is a very interesting detail
with it yeah very interesting anyway
what we have done is we have come up
with some trick questions for each other
okay and if we get them wrong we're
gonna throw eggs at each other spaces
okay okay yeah that's pretty much it
this is yeah you have a matchstick yeah
and you have to light a candle lamp and
the fireplace okay which do you like
first so you have a matchstick and you
have a lamp
fireplace and well I can go handle okay
so you like the kind of first and then
the laughs and then effect I'm okay the
answer is long because you need to like
first of all they match of which letter
of the alphabet flies sings and sting
what letter
a little a big yeah yeah a bee flies
things next question how many sides does
a Circle Circle have honey sizes of
circle have one oh no do they incited
the outside Brendan oh come on
next question and man walks outside
completely naked I'm already ready with
that because I know you're gonna get
much a man walks outside completely
naked when it's raining outside how did
he not get his hair wet oh no no okay I
don't know I don't know he's over me
again
oh yeah why why could the man get his
hair way in those naked because he's bud
what has four wheels and flies what Oh
wheels and flies magic flying no garbage
Oh get it
flies as in it has flies as well not
actually flying oh my god oh this egg oh
man yeah look I want you to see how eggy
I am right now look my shirt I've ruined
my shirt and my pants what I think this
was a good idea look um you can see the
grease on my face is if there are 24
fish and half of them
how many fish are left alive 24 because
fish contracted right now I have seen a
fish drown before da Moscow if I kick a
ball and it travels 10 meters but it
comes back how is that possible you kick
a ball for 10 years but it comes back
yeah you kick it up in the air for five
years and then it will come back down
five meters and come back to you yeah
yeah what you can come up for 10 meters
and it comes back to you so if you kick
it up for five years it will come back
down five meters and come back to you
yeah you get because you're smarter what
two words when combined hold the most
letters what two words when combined
hold the most letters I have no idea two
very long disgusting you hold all your
letters at the post-office that's that's
where you send letters not actually like
the alphabet
everybody comment down below how stupid
Brennan is from 1 to 10 okay
I never liked everything one question
please
what can you never eat for breakfast
right yeah okay easy one
if every single person on this earth
dies who stays alive
what if every single person on this
earth dies who stays alive no one
everyone's dead
oh come on you gotta be kidding me
people in relationships their life
because every single person died okay
last question
I'm full of egg but I don't care how
many birthdays does the average person
have the average person Hanson I don't
know
a tune I guess the person has one
birthday it's the day they were born
oh okay birthday no actually okay yeah
okay well that was vegan throw my eggs I
feel really bad
but was that really love so I really
don't want to do it to you look at my
trousers and my shirt and my everything
oh my god I'm I'm disgusting and not to
mention the floor oh my god okay I need
to clean out my house ASAP because my
mom's gonna kill me
Oh Mia namely three numbers that have
the letter
a hundred and one hundred and two
hundred three the answer was is that
none of the numbers have the letter s
because numbers are spelt with with
numbers not letters that's that's the
answer
sorry Mia a bit of a trick question why
can't a woman be buried in Canada when
she lives in the US okay Mia next
question what gets wetter the more it
dries what gets wetter as it dries
espana green good good good guess I
guess it is a good guess not us all
right but good guess
an ocean without you oh yeah that's
brown and sticky is a stick
cuz it's sticky and get it
what is the coldest country on Earth and
that
know why it's country it's it's chilly
chilly
what surely another country Chile is the
chorus because it's chilly okay
oh my god is up blood oh my god you're
bleeding everywhere Mia look look at you
look at you
hey what is this you took oh my god you
actually said me oh this looks really
this is fake blood I forgot even bought
this
okay now seriously I ran the video here
yeah but yeah go check out Mia's channel
we did a video together yeah yeah we'll
see you soon
nice to meet you all
