hello everyone how is everyone doing is
measure sulfate today we are back yet
again with far cry 5 baby now again
Ubisoft okay have let me and allowed me
to show it's a little bit of Far Cry
five gameplay but first off look how
beautiful this game is ladies and
gentlemen it is looking absolutely sexy
just look how beautiful this game is man
I am one with OSHA default okay no mind
I died I make it open my parachute and
John oh no always Bradley dying the
wingsuits back and everything man this
game reminds me so much of Far Cry 3
which is my favorite flower game ok it's
beautiful
alright you can glide your shit okay
where we're going right now is hook from
Far Cry 4 ok he's now in the game or he
can now be one of your buddies and
companions
alright come on get up your piece of
shit look guys it's her okay you were
some shitty character in Far Cry 4 I'm
kidding I'm kidding I like hug ok ahh
you piece of shit come on we gotta go
get your truck for some reason oh hey
man I'm sorry I don't want to go on
assume and nobody's gender or nothing I
mean I don't mean no disrespect I just
call all my homies dude bro or man you
know regardless of magic tell yes I will
I'll just shut up okay my uber is here
uh hurts my uber driver okay oh come on
over we got to go get my truck back
would you like me to change the radio
station no I'm okay uber driver and I
never went to avoid Java
man you got to admit this game sure is
beautiful look at this game die
he is the outpost full of cult religious
members we must kill them all and get
the truck back by one guy there two guy
there that guy's bloody hind on the
bloody thing easy
oh god this guy's aah I'm dead I'm dead
I'm dead I'm dead
ok I'm gonna show every single death
that happens in this video ok because
it's gonna be a lot hotter careful ok
the truck and the truck exploded ok
another death is someone keeping current
cuz I'm not oh I secured the watchtower
ok ok
trucks actually all the way down yonder
probably more Peggy's waiting for us to
make up on like ninjas I'm a ninja don't
do that disgusting make it look easy
please listen Huck you don't do this
told you I told you you didn't want to
do it I'm sorry I should've shot you I'm
sorry oh god what did they do this oh no
enemies are here oh no all clue okay
quickly get in the truck
quickly dump on the back all on the
bloody mg okay let's shoot hurts dad why
not we did it the portrait cool cool son
okay I think now we have her as a buddy
and I think you'll now follow us and
shit okay okay so we're heading off to
now okay is apparently you can unlock a
bear a grizzly bear called cheeseburger
and he's like a buddy which will follow
you around okay so let's go do that
mission Oh watch out oh oh no watch out
all right we're here at the bloody
cheeseburger place the thanks Center
quote outpost oh shit okay shits already
hit the fan oh my god doc okay wait to
minionese okay waiter enemies don't die
Oh even Huck can save me he's at the
worst buddy ever all right I forgot how
hard Far Cry uses again oh my god oh my
god huh oh god that dog was gonna bite
my face look come on up you get come on
now no messing around
I did it thanks enter liberated
okay we liberated their outpost okay now
I think we've unlocked the mission where
we can play is the bear or some shit
okay a right to bear arms all right so
we got to go feed cheeseburger a salmon
and apparently he'll then be my buddy
okay okay now we are gonna go fishing
okay now I didn't actually catch a fish
in my last video so let's do now oh you
see how guys there's a fish there oh
shit what shit up in here ah guys do you
think cheeseburger did this Oh
oh my God look at this big ass bear oh I
hope he don't bloody eat me Oh easy
please oh no oh just give me just give
me the fish
oh okay Pelham oh I'm giving him a
cuddle ah that's so cute
shit okay should set the fine now
everyone's coming to kill me in my
bloody oh shit Oh fine jeez bug he's
amazing the diabeetus is a great meme
farcry great meme
yeah a right to bear arms completed and
we unlocked cheeseburger as a buddy I
can pet him oh I Love You Brandon I love
you I love you too cheeseburger
he's so adorable god dammit look at this
big beautiful beast he is so beautiful
to everyone my name is cheeseburger
roar roar Oh God we're gonna see
cheeseburger fight go get him I'm gonna
get the bloody outpost liberated so I'm
talking about I love this name
or we freed another person I think she's
another body - making good progress or
it guys were unlocking all the bodies
wait Brandon you can't have two buddies
at once are you gonna replace me okay of
course I'm gonna replace you okay you're
shit but I can never replace you little
cheeseburger who's a good cheeseburger
who's a good cheeseburger you can just
hear her screaming in the background
Oh Huck is terton tire and Pearlie
unavailable okay so this is our new
buddy I think she has a bowl okay I
think she's like a arrange girl or some
shit thanks for busting me out no
problem name's Jess hello Jess I'm
hunting someone who calls himself
okay guys pure fucking evil and he needs
to be put down
wolf okay guys our next mission killed a
cook okay Olivia Lee alright let's hire
you as a soldier we got this we got this
oh god the shippers that noise oh my god
it's just a cook is that Weiss what the
cookies burning those bodies alight oh
my god there's so many of them here oh
fuck
no okay and we just did that we killed
the cook okay well that was pretty easy
and I think now we've unlocked
yeah Jess Black has been added to our
roster okay go
uh-oh what's this active area warning
Wolverines are now in the game oh I can
hear him
oh he's like a honey badger buddy's a
Wolverine look at them running away oh
my god oh great I've lost the Wolverine
now guys left me alone with the bear oh
go away yeah that's why you better go
back you stupid dumbass bear the house
this is a skunk
is a skunk they're gonna bloody roll
over a dock yes it is give it a little
bit of a patio okay if you come across
any dogs and farcry you got to give it a
couple of pets just to remind him that
you know he's a good boy and everything
cheeseburger what the hell why did you
run away from me oh god I just killed
another bear Olivia okay Jesus Christ
this Wolverines of psychic this is both
hurry he's good I'm crazy look at this
side all right this is a small little
animal but oh my god oh god I did I just
shot and died okay all right well I
haven't died in a while okay so I can't
deserve that one okay guys I think I'm
gonna end the video there now that has
been Far Cry 5 gameplay shout out to
Ubisoft for letting me play the game a
little bit early because the game comes
out on the 27th of March alright this
month ok so if you guys are excited for
this game
leave a like ok if we reach 10,000 likes
as soon as the game comes out I'm gonna
start a really epic funny series right
now I can't really do like that much
because there's a time limit on the
amount of stuff I'm allowed to play and
do and show but I am very excited for
this game and I hope you guys are too so
thank you guys so much for watching if
you haven't watched the past far cry 5
video go watch it and I'll see you in
the next video man Stiletto guys love
you buh bye
