well hello everyone how is everyone
doing is much a selfie today we are
gonna be reacting to animations with a
serious message basically animations
that at the end of it will show a very
powerful message now this video is gonna
be quite hard for me since I tend to
make a joke out of everything but I'll
try my very best to be a hundred percent
serious alright now the first bunch of
animations come from the NSP CC which
are a British charity went ok and their
aim is to basically help children you
know combat you know child abuse and
basically just child safety stuff in
general the first animation is called I
saw your willy what you think one day
Alex and Sam were mucking around on
their phones we had an idea what if they
sent a picture of Alex is Willy to their
friend Talese these kids are sending
pictures of each other's willy story on
their friends things like that if you're
a child ok no one wants to see your
small us Willy
keep that shit ok in your pants don't
take pictures of it no one wants to see
that shit what if they sent a picture of
Alex's way to their friend talese the
kind that disappears in a few seconds oh
snap job when Katy saw it she thought it
was very funny
I said your pajama baby hope you liked
it
Katy saw it she thought it was very
funny so she screengrab the picture and
sent it to her friends
oh no they sent it today oh no all
knowledge day of school
everyone let's cool so my really why
Willie on the news now I even got a
message from a bully oh no he then got
one from a man he didn't know what I
liked your really can't I saw you Mike
gosh sometimes children share things
they shouldn't online oh oh no this is
the most embarrassing situation ever my
own granny saw my own Willy this is so
embarrassing
devastating your child safe share aware
okay see what I mean guys all right that
was a very good at very funny animation
but even though it was very funny all
right it's got serious message don't go
around sending people's pictures of your
shitty Willy all right now this next
animation again comes from the NSPCC but
it's about Lucy and the boy what is this
boy doing
Lucy has always been great at sharing
she shares her sweets
when she was little she even she had the
chicken pox
Oh Lucy also liked sharing things on the
internet one day she uploaded a selfie
with Oscar and she got a message from a
boy oh boy don't poke the bloody boys on
the internet they're all disgusting
perverts
one day she uploaded a selfie with Oscar
and she got a message from a boy you're
crazy selfies I love them she's got
another asking her to send a picture of
herself at bedtime
Casey thought this was great no I loved
her panda onesie who loves a panda one
see he's a pervert I can call it from a
mile away
look at the cat he's like don't do it
you see dojo the boy loved her panda
onesie
she said pandas were her favorite thing
oh no bet that Lucy even had pandas on
her pants oh he wants to see my panda
pants he wondered if they went to the
same school and if she wanted to meet
then she should bring a cool panda pants
no but the next day
no she won't see any boys waiting
shows just a man no sometimes children
share things they shouldn't online yeah
the effects can be devastating
who does she keep your child safe oh my
god
yeah be sure aware oh my god that guy
was about to kidnap me and take me to
his on the left and see my panties oh my
god okay guys please do not be this dumb
and stupid okay I don't know how old you
guys are all right but don't talk to
people on the Internet okay that want to
see pictures of you and stuff you don't
know who's on the other end of this
conversation disgusting okay all right
this next animation again comes from the
NSPCC I'm loving that animation so far
this one is about a ten-year-old safety
advice okay be let's just watch it but
when me is out and about me oh she knows
exactly how to stay safe I'll stop
looking listen that's not looking listen
medicals the roll kids you could say
she's a bit of an expert so price ranges
yeah yeah I don't want your strange ice
cream you stranger's weirdo pervert if a
strange man offers you ice cream in a
park do not take it even if it's
chocolate flavor because I love
chocolate okay and it's kind of tempting
I'm not gonna lie because chocolate is
amazing but don't take that shit I don't
go it's strange
yeah no strangers when me is online
sometimes she doesn't know what to do no
don't share your location like in real
night long it need your help to stay
safer Oh Stevie knows where I live teach
your child to be share aware okay I
think I've been doing okay but don't
share your location okay that's so weird
okay that you can share your location on
your phone can you even do that alright
now the next animation again comes from
the NSPCC it's just called cartoon okay
and I think it's a cartoon but it's also
in real life too let's just watch it
sauces honey I don't die of it have you
been sitting over I was inside my dad
just hit this courtroom what the hell's
going on oh god he did laughs we'll find
this funny cuz his dad's beating up his
kid but it's a cartoon so I think I
should laugh but I don't know I don't
know what's going on okay I think this
is a serious message what that stuff is
okay burn your skin
No
oh my gosh oh my gosh that's horrible
Oh God it wasn't a cartoon or all it was
it was is a real boy
Oh God okay Jesus not okay that was a
very strong message I wasn't prepared
for that okay the show you're Willie one
ORS are a lot less lighthearted I'm a
lot more lighthearted okay but that one
was just sad okay yeah oh my god okay if
you are a child and anyone is giving you
any harm okay you don't need that shit
okay
does that much better go tell your
teacher or something okay okay because
no one should be doing that shit do you
okay it's not right okay all right now
the last one from the NSPCC okay it's
about pant asaurus a dinosaur that wears
pants okay I don't understand it but
let's watch it okay it's all about okay
and it's all right
okay cover up your Willie don't look at
my bloody pants on pentas or Tony to you
the past cover of your private thoughts
okay it's carrying on all right just
tell them now okay no yeah yeah Panther
Soros the the dinosaur wearing pants but
don't see under his pants okay don't
even ask him alright cuz you know you
know who just tell you know all right
and then and then we're gonna do all
right now this next animation is called
child focus see safety okay and it was
made by the creative conspiracy CC okay
and I think they're focusing on making
our kids more aware when they go online
okay so let's see their shitty animation
and see if it's educational or just some
dumb shit okay the little girl okay
she's go go play on the computer Oh be
careful little go oh she's gonna play
grab the banana I love that game oh come
on grab the banana okay alright how's it
gonna try that win a teddy bang click
here oh don't do that okay no one's
gonna give you free teddy bears online
okay it's a bloody virus
oh no don't click on it you know
oh no no that's everyone Betty that is
here daddy will know what to do he's
smart about computers oh that's like
what kind of viruses teddy bear ad you
clicking on oh yes right daddy knows
okay always go to an adult before
clicking on ads you let me knows there
you go
all right just be safe all right this is
quite cute one all right no not a
serious message but just a mo know the I
came back remember you just put clothes
the end okay there you go oh okay why
they show me the game okay well do you
see something weird on the internet
always ask for help okay
all right it's mainly direct to the kids
all right but kids you know you know
they don't know everything about the
Internet they think they do because
they're grown up with it but you know if
an ad pops up how are they supposed to
know all right they're just like free
teddy bear they thinking they get your
teddy bear or a free iPhone 10 no one on
the internet will give you a free iPhone
tags you think iPhone tens or just come
out of nowhere and they just have to be
given away to random people no one is
going to give you a free iPhone 10 okay
no but seriously if you liked this video
and hit subscribe okay and leave a
comment I will definitely send you an
iPhone 10 I will hug that's it that's a
fact okay all right now this next
animation comes from Norton Healthcare
okay and I think it's basically showing
Facebook safety for kids okay so I'll be
safe on Facebook kids and if you don't
know how to be safe let's watch this
video and maybe we might learn okay
or she and
please love at first like oh this looks
kind of cute
okay so we've got three I'm flutes Oh
Lucy season bunnies oh wait why are you
hiding okay so he's sad so is he gonna
go okay he's gonna go home and ad on
Facebook okay that that's a classic way
of you know flirting with him oh oh no
he doesn't want to add as a friend
because he's an ugly ass dog
oh no what's he doing is he gonna
catfish huh
and this bloody stupid dog is gonna I
think it is okay so he's pretending to
be Brad Pitt so she adds him oh she's
gonna get catfished oh oh don't be
stupid she's like what's this
good-looking guy adding me realistic
don't add him don't have him
oh she's right yeah Facebook's like this
but I bet he's an Aussie puffed in real
life yeah don't accept that shit okay
and this dogs like come on girl and a
catfish you hear he'll be waiting all
day
well maybe if you try having her with
your normal account oh look be authentic
the real you is better than anything you
might pretend to be
yeah it's true oh you she added as a
friend oh she likes that she's like yeah
realistic okay and then the dog gets
added on Facebook all right don't fall
in love all right she didn't agree to go
out with you she's as you as a friend
all right okay so I guess that message
is don't catfish people okay just be
yourself and just be happy of being
yourself okay you know don't pretend to
be someone you're not
okay all right now these next three
animations come from the fight child
abuse Foundation charity okay and now
these videos are very serious okay I
prefer the ones which are light-hearted
like that I show your willy ones because
it's funny
but then it also shows you like a very
deep dark message but these ones are
just very
sad and serious okay so I'm gonna try
and be very serious when watching these
alright the first one were watching is
called secrets don't keep secrets kids
okay okay
the Barbara Sinatra center for abused
children on all abuse children are a
suicide okay I'm already sad okay just
with the sand yellow hello Maya a couple
weeks ago someone I knew touched me on a
private part of my body oh shit okay
don't let people do that it was hard to
talk about what happened
Oh something none of us should ever keep
seeing yeah none of us my friend just
had a pool party and invited everyone
from our class be careful just as
parents were inside and her older
brother Roger was watching the party
older brother I'd seen Roger around and
I thought he was pretty cool oh no he's
not yeah I bet he's not I went into
Jesse's room to change oh and then I got
a dressed be careful I heard a noise men
turned and Roger was in the room I never
liked water not for one second oh no he
saw me changing it was so embarrassed he
tried to play it off like nothing had
happened
he said he'd noticed me checking him out
I should get to know each other no no no
don't do it no need to touch me and I
freaked out I didn't know what to do run
away
I thought Roger was a nice guy no he
wasn't he wasn't anybody that invades
your privacy or tries to touch your
private parts he is a creep your
equipment matching like that is not okay
me about time you know and get away run
away I took his hand away
you said don't touch me he got mad and
told me not to tell anyone about what
happened what if I did he said he'd tell
everyone I was flirting with him oh you
bloody manipulative just to keep what
Roger did a secret no but I didn't want
people to think bad things about me oh
no some boys in our grade hang out
together more oh there are boundaries
for touching yeah so why did I feel like
I'd done something wrong no you did I
need to clone know anything suit oh
don't be confused just tell you please
don't even talk to Jess would even just
her brother yeah cuz your brother's
apartment that's what I wanna talk to
you Jess
but I knew I had to tell someone yeah
you have to yes so I told my mom mom I
was nervous yeah I'll bet you she didn't
believe me it takes a lot for each doubt
but that didn't happen
oh she listened mommy and took what
happened seriously oh I was just glad to
finally talk about it yeah I'm sorry
this happened to Maya and now she's
white for some reason what should happen
to my mom I'm sorry this happened Maya
but you did the right thing you did do
the right thing someone on private parts
of their body know is abuse he's a
bloody I'm thinking that it was my fault
that right that's me no it was not
but even if someone thinks you're
flirting with them yeah it doesn't give
them permission to touch you yeah that's
right simple never your fault okay
that's what you're wearing no I'm
wearing okay even if it's a cool lost
t-shirt this teach that's pretty cool
okay all right glad you remembered the
rules Maya Oh knew how to protect
yourself well done Maya she was very
responsible okay all right so that's
kind of sad all right I can't really
like make fun out of that because that's
a serious thing okay if anyone touches
you okay you touch you all right you
talk run away and tells like an adult or
a teacher a parent I don't know who just
tell some adult okay and they'll deal
with a situation okay all right this
next one again is very serious okay and
it comes from the fight child abuse
foundation again and it's called tell
and I think it's about touching as well
but for some reason they made another
one for boys okay because I guess if
you're a boy and if you get touched
it's very more confusing okay because
it's a whole nother level of creepiness
okay let's just watch it and see how
they approach something you know this
serious okay it's called
tell by the Barbara Sinatra Center
again Oh tell ok we're going to bloody
school bad roll elementary outs Allah
I'm Darius
hello Darius if somebody touches you on
a private body part oh oh
you might feel confused yes scared or
embarrassed
oh no talking about it is probably the
last thing you want to do
oh no but if you keep it a secret it
won't stop
ya won't mess we got a new coach for the
City basketball team this oh no he was
really nice and everyone on the team
liked him
oh don't trust him he'd give us advice
after practice and teach us any place
alright seems good so far but been a lot
of time with my friend Jamal no Jamal
you leave him all alone you bother Jamal
was coach's favorite oh I was a little
jealous
always jealous oh but coach was always
touching Jamal Oh coach even bought him
a new pair of shoes
what wait don't picture someone supposed
to buy you shit okay which is sometimes
Jamal would go into coach's office after
practice no I thought it was weird but
his mom never talked about it
oh no so I didn't think of it again
what does he bloody doom to Jamal then
one day no come on called me and it was
also coach you stay away from it I was
finally going to start a game o.o hmm
but then he told me to take my shirt off
I didn't want to he said he was going to
help me be a better athlete well and
that if I didn't do it he would take me
off the team no no no yeah no way go
myself
yeah one away no one should ever ask you
to take your clothes off
yeah or try to touch your private parts
yeah my don't touch the hopes scared me
oh but I'm glad I knew to run away yeah
run away as good as this what he was
doing with Jamal Oh No portable waiting
for his mom
Jamal it was hard but I asked if coach
had done anything weird with him all
said no he's lying no it wasn't true oh
he's told him what Harris
that coach got me alone and wanted me to
take my clothes off
Oh No I asked if that was what happened
to him and he went to coach's office
always crying I wanted both of us to
tell someone but Jamal didn't want to
know I asked him if he had promised
coach that he would keep it a secret
cuz of the shoe he told me coach gave
him those new shoes Tom from town what a
disgusting man scared or disgusted I
told him we couldn't keep it a secret
yeah we pretty bowling don't finally oh
he agreed to go with me to tell oh thank
goodness and we told her everything
yeah it was over after that fine goal to
talk to more people yes throw him in
jail the coach was gone
yeah buddy else got hurt good this was a
very rare and scary situation definitely
very rattled it perfectly
yeah perfect okay we acted to what your
coach tried to do yeah you tell him
telling him to stop I'm still by running
away run away it was hard because
everyone liked coach oh he was our
friend oh and we trusted him yeah don't
you know just don't you shouldn't trust
your teachers or coaches yeah yeah yeah
doesn't mean yeah but just don't know
misremember oh that if something like
this does happen to you yes say no yes
run away
hotel tell oh I never keep it a secret
okay it wasn't easy
oh but I'm glad I was able to talk about
it well done for me Jamal Jamal and the
rest of the team Oh
especially Jabbar what a hero okay
and then we pan out all right that was
very serious okay now I can understand
why they made a whole nother one just
for boys okay cuz uh yeah must be even
weirder and even harder if some I don't
touches you as your boy Oh disgusting
okay there are some disgusting people
out here in this world okay it would be
nice if everyone was nice and friendly
like me okay no not everyone is nice and
friendly some people okay are disgusting
okay and you need to watch out for
people like this okay disgusting alright
another animation now that this one
is called a friendly stranger okay it's
by the same people who made these
animations all right and I'm guessing
it's about stranger danger okay so be
careful when you're meeting strangers
let's watch their shitty video same
place again are we gonna pan into the
same place a friendly stranger okay all
right then this is a different message
my name's Sarah
I'm Lenny do you have a story about
stranger safety knowing when to shout
run and tell yeah oh no stranger is a
person you don't know talk to strangers
go anywhere with them oh yeah oh no we
see strangers everyday and they're
usually nice and friendly usually so we
don't have to be afraid of strangers but
but we should always make smart choices
people we don't know yeah you're right
oh no oh no oh no the lost kids are in
the park okay no there's no puppies in
the club it was all going good okay it
was like dope all right but then he's
like puppies in the car what kind of man
carries around puppies in cars okay
unrealistic okay that's the first sign
of a red flag don't bloody follow a man
into his car with puppies in it
seriously why would this random man have
puppies in his car just keeping him
there really nice no he was not okay
puppies right means never being alone
with someone you don't know yeah oh no
this kids going don't go now
said the puppies were at his house
around the block he's like you wanted us
to go there with him hold him no no we
had to go home then he started to come
towards us that's when they ran away my
mom and told her what happened yeah tell
your mom chases era and Lenny made the
right choice - okay well we didn't find
out that the guy who put in jail or not
if someone you don't know wants you to
go somewhere with them yeah tell them no
tell them no because they lie and tell a
grown-up yeah tell him all right cool
all right now that one was was a lot
childish okay I've decided to realize
these videos are literally for
five-year-olds okay because they don't
know how scary the world is all right
but yeah like don't go in some guys man
that has puppies and then apparently the
puppies are as home okay if you want to
go see puppies just google it okay go
google puppies or a very lost animation
of the video and of the fight child
abuse foundation okay this one's about
safe touches and unsafe touches okay
this is is all read the title are alone
sounds very weird we all know safe
touches yeah like hugs from your family
all right
fives with our friends private part
private parts my guide black member
Willie no one can ever touch parts of
your body that are covered by a bathing
suit yeah or ask you to touch them on
those part yeah but this is okay for a
doctor to touch you on private parts
when they're giving you a checkup and
your mom your dad is in the room all
right my faith touch as long as your
parents in the room it's fine if someone
gives you an unsafe touch oh oh you
might want you to keep it a secret
yeah you might meet you promise don't
we'll give you presents to keep you from
telling presents know about you always
leave nobody I can constrain me from
bloody depending on that all cells no
matter what if you were touched on a
private part of your body by someone you
know or someone in your family yeah tell
your teacher you're another family
member
it's never your fault is every touches
you like them never ever ever happens
other grown-ups want you to tell yes
they do
I wouldn't know until someone helps you
make sure the unsafe touch never happens
never happens again okay no one's
touching me anywhere okay
well now these videos are pretty good
all right they're childish but like I
like they are like sending a very clear
and obvious message which you know like
it's a stupid nowadays among our like
most of you guys are pretty stupid okay
so you know just a bit of reassurance of
not being so stupid okay come on it's
common sense for me but for some of you
guys you know just be careful okay I
don't anything to happen to any of you
guys because I love you guys so much
okay and I don't want anything to happen
to people that I care about and I care
about each and every single one of you
anyway with that being said this video
was very weird okay and I apologize for
it okay a bit childish but you know what
like I said I liked it okay I liked the
positive messages okay some of them are
pretty funny
some of them were kind of serious
alright but I enjoyed it alright if you
want me to do another video like this
watching like serious videos like this I
there was a bunch of them that have been
created by awesome awesome people or I
do help make the world a better place if
we reach like 15,000 likes I will
definitely do that for another video
that's if you guys want me to either way
though thank you guys so much for
watching I love each and every single
one of you and I will see you very soon
with another video buh-bye don't let
anyone put your private parts your pants
cover up your private parts go down and
a song stuck on my head now
