oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
is much a selfie today we are gonna be
watching some animals attack kids yeah
that's what we're doing today guys so I
wanted to do a tryout - laughs challenge
okay and what's funnier than you know
seeing some kids get attacked by zoo
animals am i a bad person for finding
that funny
well we'll bloody well find out all
right oh is that seal no good news is my
chair isn't broken bad news is I think
this girl's dead
let's see the shit again this seal just
grabs this girl oh oh my god okay she's
alive oh my god what the hell everyone
just panicked for a second all this
little girls all wet running off that
seals crazy what the shit cam not gonna
lie I was kind of funny after admit can
we be close little girl come a bit
closer it's okay to laugh guys she
didn't die all right
Oh what is that just reading it it's
funny because we're not used to giant
animals being around us and then all of
a sudden this large ass ostrich just
comes out no I just want to pet him dad
oh no oh man every donkey sounds like
donkey from Shrek to me uh-oh oh no oh
my god is that a llama
oh no this kid's brave oh no the llamas
gonna attack the kid oh god that's
disgusting why don't I do that I love
you you dumbass kit don't come closer
kid I swear to God
okay some kid with buds birthday ever
wait wasn't this video meant to be a
triathlon video well I found out already
this is continued oh god oh god look at
this guy oh oh oh yeah I'm gonna get him
I'm gonna get you come on now where's
the monkey gonna give some back this is
going crazy cuckoo cuckoo now you stupid
dumbass girl oh that was kind of cute
but seriously girls why are you kissing
monkeys what's wrong with you oh my God
look at this shit oh they're so scary
okay okay some of the guys making that's
cute but this animal wants to eat that
baby he doesn't want to hug it okay and
lick his face stupid golf licking and
kissing monkeys okay I've been living on
this world for 22 years and never once
have I thought I want to kiss a monkey
oh no the drops gonna eat the goal it's
gonna shit when she realizes that
giraffes there Oh are they gonna get
scared Oh stupid ass kids getting scared
so easily
okay okay okay this this Tiger is not
playing with this kid and this kid
sitting there none the wiser take a
picture with me and the tiger mummy I'm
so cute
well animal is that what what does shit
Oh No Oh No
disgusting again what's with all these
clips of kids kissing us monkeys it's
just a new thing kids are doing nowadays
kissing us monkeys monkey what you're
doing it well I'll guess I'll try it
here it comes
Oh what's happened I'm coming I'm coming
I'm coming
oh my oh my look at this oh my animal
wants to eat this kid okay that is not
cute okay you think that is cute eyes
not cute googoogaga I love you mommy
Google punky just ruin the picture look
weird I say about no selfies this shit
okay this kids just laughing at this
animal this animal wants to eat this
baby okay I don't know why people find
this cute
okay okay if there was no glass there
this baby would be bet and be eaten okay
whoa oh oh it's a monkey look at the
monkey oh my ass look at my ass oh yeah
look at my ass oh god he's growling oh
no this course does not look secure oh
my god oh oh my god okay that's scary
okay this animal oh my god this is okay
okay
this is not cute this is not Q okay this
cat wants to eat this kid everyone leave
a comment right now do you think this is
cute okay and the animals are just
playing with them or do you think like
me this this animal wants to eat the
shit out of these dumbass kids look at
this shit look at this okay look oh my
god this is look at the size difference
between this line the baby just wanna
eat you oh my god this baby isn't even
understand how dangerous this animal is
oh holy crap oh my god why this monkey
what you looking at you dumb ass baby
monkey you stupid ass baby I feel sorry
for the monkey actually now I think
about it this monkey probably wants to
go out you know probably wants to be
free in the jungles of Africa
okay needs to be trapped in a zoo I
taking my kids to the zoo I'll tell you
that right now not after what they did
to Harambee okay you thought I forgot
about that shit okay
it's 2018 but rest in peace are ran by
okay okay oh my god is something bloody
Hey yeah a window shut up dumbass kid Oh
tap again that's cute
it's like that communicating all this
monkeys gonna attack this monkeys gonna
attack oh oh what's it like a matador
well what why is this guy with lions oh
my god
oh my god okay what is red ibly after
the first attack Chen makes no attempt
to escape was a 300-pound male strikes
ignore my oh my oh my god wanton has
been beaten out of it he still doesn't
try to get away
why was he drunk cause he got it done oh
no oh no oh no why officials decide to
tranquilize the big camp okay
MSU's gee that aims his dart gun okay
then he fires okay go okay good save him
from the bloody lion was two of the
other shooters missed their mark Oh No
fearful Chin's running out of time
before a fatal attack oh oh this poor
lion is the blowguns to bring the cats
I dart from a blowgun hits the big male
oh okay that's good that's pretty mean
right into his cage okay but the female
is still a threat
Oh Oh No suddenly she makes the move
that frightens everyone oh oh right it's
an oh you see a techadon ah they put the
water on them I kind of wanted this guy
to die okay yeah come out you dumb watch
this guy in this lion cage please okay
yeah just go out she says toward the
service entrance and safety okay I don't
know what the clip was but some random
guy was just in that lion cage just
getting attacked hello oh my god oh oh
my god oh my god oh my
oh my god calm down oh this light was
the eat it guys calm down
Jesus Christ scary man oh no it's so I'm
talking about guys these lines want to
eat you okay oh my god
no that's pretty funny I'm not gonna lie
oh no be careful no oh oh my god oh my
god
get the jacket get the jacket off he
goes on oh my god
now this badge is playing with his
jacket I love this jacket yeah it's
comfy I love it and people are so stupid
what's wrong with people
oh god are they feeding them dead rats
what colors who is this
Oh God Oh be careful be careful be
careful
oh let's you feed animals like that Oh
God I can't be enough some dude oh god
that's scary
come on be to a man I'll beat you up
this isn't funny okay this guy guru does
this big the shit out of this guy I need
help
oh god is another kangaroo who wants to
be out this woman oh good whoa okay I
could have gotten a lot worse okay guys
I'm gonna end the video here that was me
reacting to kids at the zoo you know and
you know just funny shit happening a bit
of a weird video I know but if you like
it okay leave a like okay I might try
more reaction videos okay I just want to
watch funny videos honestly you know
that's that's why I'm doing it hope you
guys enjoyed and I will see you in the
next video man slowly guys love you
