hello everyone how is it were doing a
semester selfie today we are playing
bang and head now I have never played
this shitty-ass game before but
apparently it's popular that's all the
explanation honey what supported time
there was a boy cold bed he lives in a
shitty world I have a smiley face okay
what date bed the first zombie
impression but then a man called dance
shows master part of them oh I heard
there's a little boy playing with her
some B how do I make money off of this
so then he took them apart I'm gonna use
your zombie I'm gonna use you - run run
run - little note bed why would you do
this and he would use them for the
greatest game show ever created
oh ok and now we're in the game oh we
got a zombie down the floor but he's
wearing some cool-ass what happened shit
okay he's got up I'm guessing this is
Edie the zombie okay so it looks like
this is a bit of a tutorial I can move
around with it where else can I do oh
bloody front flip alright left mouse
button does a roll what about right
mouse button I just took off my bloody
head with my god let's just put that
back okay zombie what the city you guys
owe me
yeah you want some ladies
this bloody ads the bloody per quart
that's what he is disgusting and don't
do that bloody shit now watching a
zombie bloody fuck right working you did
that
thanks man I've got cans over here
oh okay apparently I need to do that I
just threw my head my head out of my
body can I put the head back on his body
teleport it on my head is he alive now
okay I can duck apparently yes go sneak
on badges under here okay okay oh they
want me to throw my head over here oh
okay and then I press the button and
then I open the door okay now I'm go
through a checkpoint okay what the what
the shit all right let's go through here
so what I'm miss dining from this game
is that it's a game show where it
involves this zombie and the boy ed I
don't know what we're doing on top music
let the show begin
what kind of doctor your show is this
one debt the blood oh my goodness okay
guys it's okay okay so I'm guessing we
go through here oh oh I felt a guard
it's okay I press ENTER and I'm alas oh
so it's a bloody game show where I have
to run and jump across blades so I
understand
all right this game is pretty easy just
jump around and just do shit jump jump
good job my legs fell off look this is
ready chicken here hello hello chicken
can I say I do
I just killed the chicken wait for it
right now
with Betty crouch okay baby
now made it and checkpoint yeah
god damn it you made me die straight
away okay I'll keep going a cameraman oh
there we're impressed by me just jump me
just like that
Wow checkpoint ooh alright this is too
easy okay why are they so impressed by a
zombie jumping around these blades I
don't know right that's easy
and then that's easy okay and then we
got another checkpoint right here jump
ah
oh you're gonna get me oh no and again
I'm I'm just running through this shit
okay I'm done now right oh is that
bloody bad wait what did they bloody
capture been in the bloody cage must say
egg Oh God
I made it yeah yeah that got kind of
dark at the end I'm not online okay
anyway let's do it now level 3 are
already done okay I already just
starting I'm already dead okay great oh
no the balls are coming in the other
jokes okay I think I'm alive okay it's
over oh damn it oh god their swords
everywhere oh oh oh God keep going I can
keep going even though I've only got one
arm left must shave okay it's fine I can
reattach Oh God look at this shit go go
go go go go go made it wait now where do
I go do I take off my head throw it what
ah and then my head could travel to the
checkpoint you're doing great keep going
am i doing great because I'm just
running throw my head again Oh a through
his head oh it is amazing out amazing
parkour in a shape Oh jump over these oh
god I lost out gonna die why they doing
this just to keep me away from this boy
with Mimas boy were best friends and now
oh no it was a cannon now I'm not gonna
climb into the cannon look there's been
I've covered for your bed I get it Oh
Ben ran away again okay little fine okay
where am i where am i look a bloody
cloud oh my god it's a boss level cloud
okay okay okay I might imagine just kill
this bloody ass clown yeah maybe I
should try this arrows that they're
pointing up this thing cause his had
gorgeous heart oh my god do I climb into
the cannon he's got a weak spot just
behind his head just like me look you
saw that shit that was scary uh I'm dead
I I think okay now here we go oh oh I'm
just on his hand now okay
Oh God platforming I hate platforming oh
no hands coming jump quickly into the
cannon again into the cabin again wait
for it wait for it now don't do it oh my
first I did it okay guys
only one more time we've made the clown
angry oh my goodness go go go oh shit on
my face dumbass pound I'm sick of you
it's up and jump okay lost kind of enter
and now I did it
guys I think we killed mr. clown ah I
killed him you see that you did ad you
did well done okay let's just go to the
exit now for goodness sake this shit the
ass game
okay bangs there okay alright just piss
off or I just did all that shit for you
betting just gonna piss off alright you
are so what shit is going on here oh my
creepy eye says oh my god they move oh
yeah I'm not so sure about that
okay no but seriously what the shit is
going on now these bloody heads on balls
I don't know what's going on oh god I
don't trust them oh my god quickly job
okay I made it alright now what and then
down here Oh Michaels point oh god what
the shits here go watch out okay
checkpoint oh thank god okay Oh God look
at this oh god oh god oh man I'm so good
at parkour then I just fell on me
I got fork don't don't don't
okay what the shit now okay avoid this
avoid this and then go here and then go
there and then go here and then go there
oh oh oh okay it's fine I did it oh oh I
mean I did it yeah mmm look guys the
faces are bloody that in disguise go go
go oh no some more bloody balls I'm sick
of this Indiana Jones shit wait for it
now go go oh no no
oh god no no no fool no go go go go go
go go go go go go go and oh whoa okay
we're back with the scary your face is I
on like this shit oh my god what the
shit am i doing you're doing great shut
the hell up okay I know I'm doing great
what's next I can't see his true dog
what the shit is this what's going on
the balls moving what I can't see where
I'm going
bo I meant to go down here am i right
when I die ow ow ow ow
but what's maybe I do throw my head mmm
oh look and then my head goes here and
then my head will just splatter and die
oh yeah good boy
I hate these stupid ass balls I can't
see where they're coming from I hate it
when balls hit you in the face and must
keep going even hard okay oh great
another bloody dumb one of these dumb
faces again you can do it ed you can do
it huh okay oh okay I'm still ahead well
I can keep going don't die okay
I'm not dead yet yeah
Seki point B now what the shit do I do
what the shit do I jump or do I you
throw my head I don't want to die now I
got no checkpoint
I meant to throw my head down here okay
Oh oh my god maybe I am maybe I am maybe
I'm ain't maybe maybe okay just cool
down yeah I did it and the level and the
god damn level oh thank goodness
look guys I can see the gold it's just
over there come on Brandon we can do it
all right go run on this okay
I'm already already lost my legs Oh John
Ben just disappeared from me okay guys
that was me playing Ben and if you would
like me to make a pot - and finish this
game because I think it's quite sure if
we reach 10,000 likes I will definitely
do that either way though I had so much
fun playing this game and I'll see you
in the next video of mine sledder guys
love you barb
