hello everyone how is everyone doing as
measure selfie today we are playing can
your pet so I found this very cute game
called can your pet and it was very
popular for some reason and I have no
idea why so let us find out why oh look
the chicken its following my mouse with
his I see you are let's start this game
name my pet I'm gonna name my little
chicken chickie oh don't worry chickie I
may let you out come play with you of
course I'll play with you my first thing
we can do we can customize it the
chickie I wanna Brandon okay so here we
go this chicken is so cute look at him
now oh no everyone never chicken the
chicken I have a friend see thank God
now we can also change his eyes look at
how for goodness sake but what about
this oh God we can also change his body
we can give it a tie freckles glasses ah
this is so cute look how cute my chicken
is I love her I love that
let us now freed my cheeky chicken okay
feeding time was done myself you
disgusting oz chicken ears show this
okay but you cannot smell that chicken
anymore alright next that looks like
exercise all right chicky are getting a
bit too fat call me fat burn your fat
shit go play with this football con
chicky go go go go go everything it's
Cuba's hell it could play ready football
my next up is this bloody bicycle
everyone leave a comment rest in peace
chicky the chicken alright since I'm
making a video about dead chickens
alright the next game I'm gonna be
playing is cooking mama mama kills
animals apparently this game was made by
PETA by the parent II it's not but I
don't know okay first thing I need to do
is make a Thanksgiving feast okay let's
prepare the turkey or the first thing
you got to do is we gotta pluck the
feathers from the turkey yep not those
feathers bragging kill the chicken
okay listen Cooking Mama just want some
chicken okay I don't care how's me okay
we got a dead chicken okay I can't with
anyone that feels kind of guilty about
doing this sorry cooking mama
I tried Jesus okay we'll pluck the
feathers alright okay stop screaming a
dumbass chicken you're dead already
okay three oh okay did I do it alright I
think I did it they killed my chicken
Brennan they killed my god damn children
right in front of me and they let me in
my wife
I say funded by all that me please
please don't eat me don't eat me uh
let's just continue with the game I
guess
remove the internal organs I mean I just
get my chicken from the store I don't
have to do this shit okay let's stick my
hand and then I'll fish around grab
something I got something
oh I grabbed his stomach okay now we
grab his heart and then his liver Oh God
okay I did it I removed his organs from
his whole body oh god I don't feel so
well oh oh oh
don't just hate it when your liver comes
out of your mouth sometimes okay oh shit
okay we plot the chickens feathers we
took out zorgons what does shit's gonna
be next
no Brandon in the u.s. almost all birds
have their throats slit while they're
still conscious
millions escaped death impacts of hot
water
Oh God what this shit discord me oh it's
when they put a bunch of chicks in a bag
in water and then and they oh okay Wow
okay stuff the turkey wood whatever the
shit this is okay first we've got to
crack the eggs okay grab the egg crack
it and into put your goal there you go
just crack your eggs what's so bad about
this wait hang second is it blood and
feathers coming out that's blood it for
the stock coming the bloody eggs no
sense
okay I did it I cracked the eggs
okay I kind of feel bad about playing
this game but let's just continue all
right next thing we're gonna do is mix
the ingredients oh god what the shit am
i doing I'm an evil evil person okay we
take whatever this shit this is what is
that fact and then the goo and then
butter and the blood X Y Z blood and
eggs then mix it around yay okay God now
we gotta stuff the bud with the bloody
stuffing okay take this goo and shove it
in oh oh
I'm straight to click what's next oh god
we're removing his head okay let's do it
I killed the bloody chicken all we got
to do left is cook the bloody turkey Oh
God
okay turn on the oven Oh God Oh God look
at it Oh Oh God okay we're gonna cook
the turkey just right just right okay I
think that's good enough okay
I've cooked my turkey this disgusting
our turkey Brandon turkeys are drugged
and bred to grow so quickly that their
legs cannot support their weight
countless birds slowly starve to death
within inches of food after they become
more crippled and not unable to move Oh
God okay I never thought about that from
the poor ass turkeys turkeys a bloody
coup de nom a just killing them oh god
now we're gonna make the bloody giblet
what is that bloody gravy
I do love gravy I'm not gonna lie next
we've gotta chop off his bloody neck Oh
his neck okay cut Oh God
Oh God
okay I chopped off his neck okay now I
got a saute the body pods I don't
realize need to do this much shit for
this bloody chicken oh god now that
bloody pan this really is cooking our
soul turn on the stove la-dee-da put in
the fat word in some chicken bits and
whatever this shit this is I have no
idea of those and then this and then
there you go and then just flip the pan
yay yay next we gotta straighten the
gravy just eat the bloody chicken shit
Webb no these bits come from a bloody
bones in my gravy
what's this dumb art that is doing it
all good chicken feet shit out of it are
we done now okay I think we're done I I
think we're done okay
thanks to you mama has had a change of
heart
okay and now she's a vegetarian and
she's powered okay she's gonna shit is
on now and that's good I'm supposed to
eat if it's turkey flavored tofu then
you're pretty much just wanting the
taste of turkeys now I got a base the
tofu Turkey yeah that's some flavor
because I'm talking right now tofu has
none of it okay I did it yay now we cook
the tofu turkey I'm in that shit okay I
don't get how well it's cooked okay all
right good and then I have my wave of
the shit that is okay okay and ah bloody
cooking mama is hugging a turkey because
of you mama loves animals
now that you've just seen how gross is
to kill an animal take the pledge to be
veg okay that was Cooking Mama created
by Peter okay that was I was a mini
uncomfortable okay guys I'm gonna end
the video here in all seriousness no
this game has a message alright if you
love animals don't eat animals okay
millions of animals die every day okay
just to feed our stupid stomachs okay
and it's not fair okay it's not the
animals force that they're so tasty okay
so yeah if you love animals and don't
eaten
okay consider going be
you know you know saving the animals or
whatever
either way that guy stops watching on
food on that video of mine Bob I get it
I'm eating a burger
