don't try this at home school or
anywhere don't tell me what to do logo
oh hello everyone how's everyone doing
is mr. Selfridge today we are back lazy
German with two k18 so I was looking at
the community creations okay and out of
curiosity I decided to search up mess
yourself for just to see if anything
popped up and behold five of you created
me in the game look this guy on the
right looks nothing like me
hello everyone my name's Michelle over
here we've got King Brandon from one of
my past
ww videos but the one on the left looks
like they've actually scanned in my face
I don't know how they did this okay but
yeah it's kind of creepy so first off
thank you guys so much for making me in
the game that is so sweet
look you've even put the mesh yourself
character in the game that's so funny
so obviously we're gonna be playing as
mesh yourself today but what we are
going to be doing we are going to be
doing
I think I would say you know with the
microphone coming down wait for it wait
for it wait for it wait
those too early I cannot do it for a cup
are you lady oh so we're gonna be doing
a 30-man Royal Rumble and me mess
yourself is gonna be the first person to
enter the Royal Rumble so let us start
oh did you see that that was kind of
scary poopoo here we go baby
don't worry Rumble love woman oh she's
meant to be speaking but she's not okay
if I win I'll go WrestleMania okay here
we go
I get to see my entrance looks like me I
mean if this was my entrance I would
definitely be doing this Oh should I
just kick something okay guys this is me
all right now the question is who is
gonna be number 2 number 2 means poo poo
as well all right there I am okay I can
looks like me I think oh oh who is this
who the bloody shitty is this
so steady oh look at him oh he's gonna
cry this body bicycle now oh no I'm so
skinny just the fact that I'm gonna be
wrestling jigsaw from the movie saw his
just hilarious I like to play a game a
game over whistling Brandon alright here
we go
okay we're just gonna fight alright okay
I wanted to play a game not get beaten
up I want to play a game jigsaw where I
kick you in the head I don't like this
game I don't like this game oh no three
two one you're already having another
contestant that's right ace bloody god I
don't I can't be up God okay next one is
Cristiano Ronaldo oh god go away I don't
want to beat you up god I'll shit okay
I'm just gonna run away because I feel
bad oh no next one is Stewie Griffin its
Stewie Stewie Griffin oh my goodness
there's another person coming in the
ring okay what the shit I'll even know
who to fight minion oh okay
minion please oh well god just
eliminated jigsaw if anyone deserved to
kill jigsaw it would be god I wanted to
play a game where I was now I'm
eliminated oh my goodness how am I meant
to commentate right now okay just let's
just take a break okay I'm playing a
video game where me in a video game is
wrestling Cristiano Ronaldo the video
game a minion God and Stewie Griffin
just let's just process this video game
great now we've got a new person and
it's and what on McDonald okay run a
McDonald's here he wants me to go you
know buy McDonald's ok cristianos
beating up the minion I don't know he
had a hatred for minions but I think I
need to eliminate someone because I keep
just watching it oh no God please please
oh my god okay sooo gerber is about to
get eliminated by god oh my goodness
please stop now great now PAHO from the
Teletubbies is here i I I I don't know
what to say in this video anymore okay
let's just concentrate oh I just shut PO
in a corner I feel so sorry for you Oh
God okay what the hell they changed like
how you eliminate people what the shit
okay
I couldn't eliminate PO from the
Teletubbies Oh what's the Rieger Fred Oh
oh no I'm right on the edge of the ring
no don't eliminate me no no no okay I
start eliminating people because you
know I'm gonna die if I keep this up
wait another person entering the ring
Rick Sanchez is now in the game oh my
goodness I'm in an alternate universe
where I'm in the WWE and now Rick
Sanchez is beating me Rick Sanchez is
trying to eliminate me okay what is
going on this game I don't know just
took out God Jesus Christ
okay I'm sorry Stewie Griffin but you
have to go oh no I will not give up I
will not give up my great Stewie Griffin
is back in the ring okay God really does
not like minions eliminate renown is
Shrek now streck's in the game shrek is
in the game ladies and gentleman
strucker's in the game piss off Ronaldo
no one likes to go away oh he's out oh
no oh no his bloody Pennywise Pennywise
is in the game and Stewie Griffin strand
lemonade and dewy and then good
eliminate you know you bloody well don't
oh god by Pennywise okay let's rekt take
out God because if there's anyone that
could be up god it's it's Shrek Shrek
just eliminated God now Stewie Griffin
is being up straight man Stewie Griffin
he's a tiny guy but you know he could
fight penny wise advice it's a peek
I just got eliminated okay well it looks
like I got eliminated as well as Stewie
Griffin I don't know what to do now
because I was playing to stay till the
end Batman's here I'm Batman I must cure
the Joker shut up Joker I know you the
Joker
oh I could take over okay the next
wrestler I am going to take over who
could it be
here we go it's the bloody Hulk Hulk I'm
gonna beat up everyone okay if I want a
new character it would be the Hulk okay
Batman
goddamn it the Joker got me okay wait
next one is herobrine apparently we've
got a hair up ride this Steve from
minecraft I mean I can't really give him
a voice because he never really talked
let's get this shitty minecraft
character out there yeah yeah go in the
corner our next one is he is bloody
Superman
now Superman ponies
yes shut up sit man yeah good I'm glad
he's getting beaten up by Shrike Oh No
what's that noise
oh no penny wise penny wise right I've
been eliminated again why is one more so
hard in this game now okay well let's
take over the next person who could it
be
okay well Superman is eliminated
herobrine
okay I'm playing as Freddy Krueger okay
I don't know how to make him funny
Freddy Krueger needs to attack Pennywise
okay they're two enemies in a bloody
movie okay a zombie instead of eating
Superman is just throwing him out wait
number eighteenth Freddy Krueger wait
what they're two Freddy Krueger's oh no
Shrek Shrek Shrek okay well I've just
been eliminated again what is going on
alright now Superman is trying to
eliminate the zombie okay
I'm playing as what the shit is this oh
it's Jason oh yes right go out stupid
our zombie or no wise in there Christ
okay my money is on Pennywise the clown
to win huh what's the noise hello it's
it's SpongeBob's alright next one's
coming up who could it be
Ironman oh I just eliminated Pennywise
why spongebob being up the joker when
when when do you think this was ever
gonna happen in history because flash oh
no he's gonna be so far three little one
to the rigor he's just going to the ring
man he is so fast did you see that guys
that was so fast all right flash I do
you're meant to be fast but you're not
doing a great oh okay well all right now
Deadpool is here hey I'm Deadpool I'm
gonna be a joker alright I'm just tired
now I just want this game to end because
I don't know what's going on
oh no SpongeBob's helping Steve Rogers
who Oh it's bloody Captain America I'm
not letting Captain America win oh no no
don't defeat sports what No
I know spud was been eliminated I kind
of want to spawn up to win I feel sad
now wait what Squidward
oh yeah I'm Squidward yeah let's
Squidward it's in the gate just even
look like Squidward
piss off Captain America no one likes
you watch the mirror ever okay
spider-man here literally all the
superheroes are here now
oh no Black Panthers here actually don't
know what Black Panther is I haven't
watched a movie but he's another
contestant Barney the Barney who's been
up screwed with spotting me know I've
been eliminated I'm taking over the next
person oh my god it's Donald Trump
China I'm Donald Trump I'm gonna beat
everyone okay guys this is it one of
these contestants are gonna win the
Royal Rumble quickly comment now who do
you thinks gonna win Captain America is
being up Donald Trump I'm gonna trap I'm
the best Bridget don't be me okay guys
well this is it this is the last one I
have no idea who's gonna win
oh come on I'm coupon he's trying to
eliminate Captain America Oh
oh my goodness that was so close uh okay
Barney has leg no spirit
Oh Captain America oh my good Captain
America just eliminated spider-man it is
between Captain America and Barney the
Dinosaur
oh shit here we go just Captain America
and Barney was this video turned into
come on Barney no don't let Captain
America win no Barney let's he's calming
the ropes no I thought he lemonade
Barney oh it just gets worse and worse
for poor Barney oh no he's playing them
on the ropes no no Barney
no go on Barney
yes come back come back with Barney yes
Barney this is it take him out take him
out call Barney blue Barney's doing it
God Barney you could do it
I have no idea who's gonna win it
literally could be any of these 200 the
t-rex he's going to Wrestlemania guys
okay guys this video was very weird okay
but very fun I hope you did enjoy
if we reach 10,000 likes I will make
another video on WWE 2k 18 I have loads
of ideas and I love this game even
though it's pretty shitty thank you guys
so it's what chicken I'll see you in the
next video - Larry guys love you buh-bye
