no hello everyone
how is everyone doing is much a selfie
today we are back with would you rather
sit the off roblox this is your little
shit we're gonna play would you rather
whether you like it or not you
ungrateful piece of sh
anyway let's just start the video would
you rather have a have a helper monkey
could you fetch me some water
oh thanks monkey you stupid monkey
stupid ass monkey got me all wet okay
well I am alright if I had a lightsaber
what does Shikamaru with it I can't kill
no one just throw me in jail but if I
had a helper monkey however it could do
shit that I don't wanna do because he's
a helper monkey so I'm gonna pick have a
helper monkey what a cute little monkey
running around the house what are a
million of you gonna do with a
lightsaber
I already have a lightsaber and it just
sits in my cupboard over there okay
enough of that it's too dangerous would
you rather be married to a morbidly
obese and ugly person who is incredibly
wealthy or yeah Brennan I love you so
much or yet come give me a kissy oh no
way I won't give you a kissy you're
bloody fat Oh Brandon look at all this
money I have money well why didn't you
Oh would you rather be married to a
gorgeous person who is on welfare whoa
hey there pretty lady okay come talk to
me I live in a cardboard box oh go away
you bloody porous bitch okay I'm not
gonna lie this is a very hard question
if I don't get married to this fat and
ugly person all the fat and ugly people
watching will get offended all packaged
Mac evening all the cupcakes out I think
guys I'm joking okay you're not fat all
right you're just ugly so I'm gonna get
married to this sexy ass gorgeous person
yeah yeah seventy-eight percent of
people agree with me okay we don't want
to get married as old fat arse ugly
person would you rather be lost in the
woods toys I don't know where I am
this is kind of scary would you rather
be stuck in a haunted house at night oh
my god imagine if my house was bloody
haunted okay
you guys see that what dog shit all
right let's be honest here okay do you
know how many scary shit are in the
woods okay but if I'm stuck in the
haunted house okay I've got a bed I've
got a shower I've got a toilet in case I
need a poopoo
so I'm gonna go we're stuck in a haunted
house okay people in the woods how many
times do I have to say the ghosts aren't
real okay okay if you had a machete
would you rather amputates the feet of
two friends or amputate one of your own
feet can you imagine amputate in one of
your own feet II I am Telling You guys
right now there is no way in hell I am
amputating my own goddamn feet okay so
sorry two of my friends you just lost
your feet that's if I actually had two
friends to take their feet would you
rather lose your genitalia Oh would you
rather lose your dominant hand no no my
right hand please don't take away my
right hand no no no okay but seriously
what other youtuber would have a toy
hand prop just to use in this video okay
this is why I'm the best youtuber ever
okay in all seriousness there is no way
in hell I'm losing my bloody peepee me
and my bloody peepee our best friends
aren't we peepee I'm not gonna lie I
would rather lose my hand okay yep six
seven seven agree okay there is no way
my peepee just vanishes like that
would you rather beat your Latin
Oh be bloody Paul McCartney why am i
singing Christmas songs in February I
don't know Paul McCartney I guess I
don't care would you rather have the
paparazzi follow you go away for
goodness sake how do they you get in
here again or would you rather reveal a
different secret about yourself in a
weekly newspaper column or I'm not gonna
like if you had the paparazzi follow you
everywhere it would get really annoying
after a little go away but if I had to
reveal a different secret about myself
every week that would be so hard where
hang a second it's in a newspaper column
no one reads newspapers anymore or a
forty-percent come on now are you guys
hiding okay would you rather wrestle an
alligator or wrestle a bear I don't know
but there's only one way to find out
this question is pretty hard because I'm
pretty sure an alligator and a bear will
kill me instantly but I'll probably have
more luck fighting an alligator because
I could probably choke him or as I can't
choke a bear it would kill me yeah
60% agree yeah there's no way I'm
fighting a bear would you rather live in
a castle but I already live in a castle
Oh would you rather own a yacht okay I'm
not gonna lie this is a pretty hard one
it sounds cool to live in a car so okay
but it's too big okay and who's gonna
clean that shit okay I'm not gonna clean
it but then again owning a yacht sounds
like so much trouble anyway where the
shit am I gonna use a yacht in London so
I don't know I would own a yacht and
then sell it and then be a millionaire
wait what stupid also yeah good luck
with that okay you ain't gonna clean
that shit okay would you bother be
allergic to babies Oh little baby
Oh would you rather be allergic to
elderly people oh hello Brandon its
granny oh my granny laughs now this is a
really tricky one but I would say on a
day-to-day basis I talked to more old
people than I do stupid-ass babies so
I'm gonna say I would rather be allergic
to babies okay what 70% of people would
rather be allergic to old people you
don't understand though babies are only
babies for like a couple of years worth
old people that could mean anything
your mom and dad are pretty old ass
people okay we're gonna do sneeze every
time your mom and dad come near by
stupid ass people don't think before
they click the dumb our shits would you
rather fall two stories onto concrete or
fall two stories into freezing water
wait wouldn't that kill me you're
basically saying kill me or be cold
another dumb ask question okay I'm sick
of these shitty dumbass questions only
82% agree an 18% one a bloody die okay
well I just to go to go to hell then
Jesus would you rather eat your hands
and feet
Oh would you rather eat your whole dad
dad could you come here a second son is
that you what do you what do you say to
me son Oh dad I'm gonna have to eat you
now you're going to bloody agree there
is no way I'm going to bloody eat me my
moustache just fell over don't don't
worry about nothing this is a stupid ask
question okay because not only do I have
to eat my hands and feet okay I won't
have any hands and feet after that
whereas if I eat my dad I won't have a
bag then ok I'm sorry dad but I need my
hands and feet ok
would you rather be male or be female oh
no I can't ask this question I can
already hear the comments section now
I've always liked to ease some and after
go with T's oh ok well apparently no one
wants to be a female that's kind of sad
okay ladies and gentlemen I hope you did
enjoy this would you rather video ok
these videos are so easy for me to
record ok because it takes no planning
so if you do like these and want me to
continue this alright ten thousand likes
then I'll make another one why not
either way though I hope you all did
enjoy and I'll see you in the next video
man Solera guys love you buh bye
