what is one plus one uh - what is two
plus two or four
what is 8 plus 8 16 no but seriously
name a vegetable ah I don't know
a carrot click to flip ok guess the
little orange thing my mind has been
broke no ok actually really hurts when
explosions come out of your head so
today ladies and gentlemen we are going
through some mind tricks pictures that
make you rethink your entire pathetic
miserable sad sad life oh god ok
memorize everything in this picture then
flip the card ok so we've got some cows
we've got a bloody horsey see we've got
some duckies in the point we got a
couple of clocks here oh I love cocks
clock a male bird especially of a
domestic fowl we got a couple of she
pees over here ok guys I think I've
memorized every single animal on this
picture what color was the big closest
to the pool ah pinky I mean piggies are
pinky okay so I'm guessing pinky so it
was pink right it was a UH it was black
I didn't even notice the bloody black
hoss piggy piggy doing it you don't
belong here black piggy read the
sentence in the Triangle the Paris in
the spring did you notice something off
for the same as I did you said twice so
now that dumb-dumb I'm not no dumb-dumb
how many X's are in the sentence
finished files are a result of years of
scientific study combined with the
experience of the years okay so I'm
gonna guess three all right and uh did
you count three four or five they're
actually oh oh
of Oh office three all the game is for
scientific is five and then off again is
six oh god okay alright you got me with
that one alright that I actually didn't
notice the Epson off okay next one
memorize the picture come on Brandon
analyze memorize we put a picture of a
park we've got a doggy over here we've
got the father and a son holding hands
stupid shit oh we've got two little
girls over here bitch okay guys take a
hard long look at this picture okay
because we're gonna flip it in three two
one
what wasn't in the picture a dog
I remember the dog a bird I don't
remember no bird a blanket okay I think
there was a girl that was sitting on a
blanket that does seem familiar a trash
can
I don't remember a trash can and a purse
I don't remember a purse I'm not gonna
lie so I must say there was just a dog
and a blanket okay so here's the dog
this woman's on a blanket okay so I'm
gonna say it's a blanket but ya don't
see no Burt don't see no trash can and
don't see no purse I mean this goes
holding a purse kind of is that what
they mean oh yeah these two girls sort
of had purses too okay you got me out
but I don't see no trashcan or no Burt
okay so I don't do too bad can we
predict your number Oh Oh pick a number
then follow the line to the number on
the opposite side take those two numbers
and subtract the smaller number from the
bigger number okay guys pick one pick
one pick one I'm gonna go with 12 so 12
minus 6 is 6 so that means
oh they know it was six
oh my bloody got that bloody visits wait
a goddamn second 7 minus 1 is 6 8 minus
2 at number 6 me you stupid ass webpage
ok you made me think you just went my
mind but you didn't what number should
come next six eleven seventeen twenty
eight I don't want to do no shit the
awesome oh I see
six plus 11 is 17 11 plus seventeen is
28 so 17 plus 28 is Oh 45 so was I right
45 uh that's not really a mind trick
that is literally ten-year-old Nath okay
that I don't get it quickly study this
image okay we've got a helicopter okay
Panasonic coca-cola a Paul Simon album
The Tonight Show with some ugly-ass dude
okay guys pause the video look at the
picture because I am flipping it do you
remember seeing a yeah yeah right here I
think that was the first thing I noticed
I was not hard actually never eyes these
people's names
we've got Beth young Ben we've got Mike
we've got riot
I'm Ryan we've got Matt we've got Pat I
have a shoot haircut and we've got bill
alright so Ted and Bill have shit
haircuts Mike and Matt are orange and
Ryan is blue and then we've got Ben okay
try to memorize the names guys ah shit I
can't remember these dumbass characters
names I can't even remember my own
goddamn name
how much was remember these stupid
people's names I think my name is pity
lover 69 okay I think mrs. Ben because
he has a shit haircut no it was Bill Ben
is this one okay well this isn't a mind
trick either it's just a memory game
okay how much butter ma'am dump that one
was a load of shit on my ass and I hate
having shit on my ass or it guys for
this one I want you to play along and
think of your own number pick a number
between two and eight I'm gonna pick
three multiply it by 927 you should have
two
add them together the two plus 7 is 9
Lee subtract 5 from your answer so 9
minus 5 is 4 pick a letter to go with
your number example 1 is C what okay
well I pick 4 is C then think of a
country starting with that letter Canada
think of an animal starting with the
last letter of that country oh my god ok
so the last letter of Canada is a so an
animal
beginning with a I can just think of
antelope finally think of the color
starting with the last letter of the
animal gray antelope ends with E so
think of a color beginning with E and
that would be what color begins with E
ok I'm just gonna click it was your
answer an orange kangaroo in Denmark no
dog it was actually an antelope that was
the color eat stupid ass Mind Tricks
thinks he can get me ok things he can
read my mind ok reads this sentence my
home is where me me and my family you
try to trick me you are so anything
wrong with it yes there's two Me's I can
see it you think I'm dumb watch the
image okay oh wait wait a second guys uh
the this picture looks like it's moving
doesn't it like it's moving for anyone
else oh my god this is some trippy shit
all right so I watched the image can you
see the image moving yeah it was it was
very trippy okay do this to someone tell
them to look into your eyes and say they
can't stop looking ask them what they
had for lunch three days ago and chances
are they can't remember because they
can't focus while looking into someone's
eyes well I'll go do that right now
answer this question mary's mother has
four children April May June and July
wait a second you're trying to trick my
bloody arse again mary's mother had four
children mary's mother mary REM that
means Mary
it's a bloody another kid as well if
you're such a life you were wrong you
miss Mary's name Oh God and a bus to
blows mind tricks okay
they can't trick me my mind is so
focused what what is spelled J okay e
chunk and what is the white part of an
egg called well I'm guessing they want
me to say yolk but it's not it's egg
whites I would what are equi is called I
thought they're called egg whites the
yolk in an egg is yellow not bloody
white oh gosh such an idiot father and a
son went in their car for a road trip
they got in a car crash oh no it was a
great idea going on this road trip the
father died the father died okay this
riddles can con a doc all right we're
two sentences in and the dads already
dead
he needed surgery but in hospital when
the doctor comes in the doctor says I
can't operate on this boy he's my son
who's the doctor but the dad died so
that means the doctor is the dad's dad
all right guys pause the video and read
through this again because that that's
what I think okay did you say the mother
oh oh
the son was badly in
Oh see I didn't even read that out
that's why I missed it I just I was just
so upset that my dad's dead
hey it's the father of B but B is not
the son of a oh my god anima no alright
so a is a dad and B is a son okay well
if B is not the son of a then that means
B is a girl and she's the daughter B is
the daughter of a a rooster laid an egg
on top of the barn roof which way did it
roll it didn't and since when do
roosters lay eggs okay good one how
could a man go eight days without sleep
he sleeps at night obviously yeah so I
thought bit Charles bitch how can you
drop a raw egg onto the concrete floor
without cracking it I don't know the egg
can't crack the concrete floor if a
doctor gives you three pills and tells
you to take one pill every half hour how
long would it take before all the pills
had been taken a 1 hour and a half one
hour take the first pill right away half
an hour later take the second and then I
was feeling so smart earlier but now I
just feel like a dumb piece of shit if
there are six apples and you take away
four how many do you have
well I took away four so it's full yes
waffle used to be your dumb ass okay
guys know what I think I'm gonna end the
video there big guy so it's watching
I'll see you in the next video but
