oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
in yourself today
anyway alright so today's video we're
going to be focusing on kids who saved
you know people's lives okay so like
like there's been rare occasions on
video where like these kids have come
through and done something amazing which
you know you don't expect a kid to do
you know but yeah like it's quite
remarkable alright and I think some of
these videos are like pretty insane that
they've actually happened in this world
alright so yeah that's what I'm gonna be
reacting to for being typical
two-year-old twins
okay rambling up their dresser - oh no
suddenly he tips over no under its heavy
weight
finally with a big lien here one more
time and somehow manages the strength
Wow
dresser and free his brain actually
Sabian many are now calling him a
real-life mini super kick she bolted the
dresser to the wall yeah make sure that
doesn't happen again
yeah you leave your kids alone for two
minutes alright and and this guy's got a
puppet on him Jesus Christ alright kids
can also be very stupid you know but
gladly this other kid saved his kid life
alright that's what I'm talking about
you know like our kids are dumb and
stupid they don't know any better but
they can see that their brothers in pain
you know so like it's like an instinct
for them for them to help you know so
you don't have to be a smart person to
realize that but you know yeah I'm
shocked you know that's actually pretty
damn cool you know I'd be proud of my
child if he did that you know that's if
I had a child you know I'm not an old
man with the child guys please stop stop
thinking that alright because I know a
lot of you guys think I'm an old man
alright 35 year old mom Tila levy goes
away for just a moment
oh no Donald eaten on the changing table
always on the table a table in store or
oh no we're and then he tumbles over the
edge no way he's gonna fall no way his
older brother 9 year old Joseph not old
I just yelled mom cuz I saw the baby
then things ran and they caught him but
I can't even carry him oh no I don't
know how that happened and it can't even
run that fast either oh that's how cute
he saved his little sister oh my
goodness wait sister oh brother
anyway it helped they're like sibling oh
my goodness that's actually insane
alright that's one of those moments you
know that's just luck you know like the
kids saw like their sibling like falling
and then they just calm in time you know
that's the sort of thing that's like
instinct you know instinct kicks in you
know when you like fully aware of stuff
like that man that kids a legend though
you know like I didn't want to know what
would happen if that child actually
like like you know your babies are so
delicate you know if you drop a baby
that that's bad alright don't don't
don't drop babies okay don't do what I
do okay all right you dumbass baby
Alison Andrew wall saw her mom at the
bottom of the pool Oh Tracy and her
wallet had suffered a seizure all the
good bit of a shallow end of the pool
got her head out of the water wall and
ran for help oh my goodness wait wait
wait what was that so the mum got a
seizure look look she got a seizure in
the pool so she's upside down in the
pool with a face in the pool she could
have drowned but the kid saw it drags
the mum out of into the shallow end and
put the head above water just so she
could breathe and like that saved her
mom's life like I don't think you guys
realize this kid saved her mum's like if
this kid did not do that that mom would
have hundred percent drowned like that
is a that is like a like a hero kid
right there saving like her own parents
life Wow okay that's pretty insane
damn it happened so fast you could
barely catch it okay and drive Wow Oh
again the ball girl on the left and the
catch just and then whoa oh man he was
looking down whoa hands likely on his
phone whoa what were the odds that she
was standing right there oh my word oh
my goodness looking up after the save
his heads down I'm lying tonight they're
simply calling her Emily the ball roll
number 90 they're calling her and okay
okay that's not really a great nickname
you know could has called our lifesaver
or knuckle hero girl but no they called
a the ball girl Wow Emily the ball girl
number nine Emily the boar girl eating
not only him Oh with that beer she
didn't just save him okay she also saved
the bear okay god bless you okay god
bless this woman for saving my baby I
love oh my goodness and what a word like
to say
in a news story you know not only did he
save this guy but also and the goddamn
big 7th grader Jeremy wit chick was
sitting on the school bus when his
moment came Wow he noticed the bus
driver having trouble beginning to pass
out he paused a little ran up to grab
the wheel
whoa safely to this side of the road
whoa he's out he looked like he was
having a seizure choking cuz he was
going oh ho making a weird noise
geez this one up grab the wheel and I
just took the keys out of the ignition
he's you're on the bus driver until an
adult came aboard to take chemistry be
all edited with saving his bus and the
15 kids on board why I'm proud of Jeremy
very I always have been Oh especially so
today that's so sweet
oh my goodness yeah that's insane okay
because you know that kid like not only
like helped the bus driver but yeah like
the bus driver is meant to be looking
after all these kids on the bus you know
like imagine if that like they crashed
you know and some of these kids go ha
you know that is actually kind of scary
man Diana Jensen oh she would move
heaven and earth to help her daughter
livia okay she never expected her
four-year-old would be the one saving
her nine-one-one that is so so wait her
mom passed out and she ran numb 9-1-1
patted that okay that takes a lot of
guts okay because I remember as a kid
you know you wouldn't ring not in 9-1-1
oh you wouldn't bring the police if
unless it was like a emergent emergency
you know but like you know it's still
kind of scary ringing the police you
know so yeah but this this kid actually
you know like you know thought you know
this is an emergency let's save up the
frightening ordeal began when Jensen
collapsed from her pouch to the logical
almost Libya amazingly calm and composed
Wow 9-1-1 Wow in the back of my head and
oh no has lupus can you stand by mommy
her stomach's going up and down
breathing I'm gonna cry I'm actually
gonna cry this this girl is so cute
she's like oh she's so cute she is so
cute oh my goodness this four-year-old
is amazing I love her that is so cute of
her this is the only time dispatcher
Jill Schmidt has met the person oh
that's the woman she was talking to me
an impression to be able to talk to
somebody
Wow yeah oh my goodness
this girl I love her okay I am in love
with this little girl oh my goodness her
heart she is so precious she has such a
hard goal oh my goodness okay oh you did
a good job that was ABC's John Molly
reporting were little girls - not many
four-year-olds no they knew the home
address that is insane the kid actually
knew the home address to direct the
police and ambulance to come that is
actually insane like I need to give kids
more credit you know because kids are
actually you know you know I say kids
are dumb and stupid all the time as a
joke you know but yeah like
what what an intelligent bright young go
Larisa Taylor was at her mother-in-law's
house with Leah and baby Lexi last
Thursday okay I was going to wash my
daughter's bottle all right
and I blacked out after that anyone
shaking me waking me up oh no she was
diabetic she also had shoe idea her
little girl knew how to use the phone I
never taught her how to use the phone so
I have no clue how she picked it up I'm
assuming just by watching us wait what
grandmother Bobbie Gonzalez was on the
other end of the phone it was Leah and
she said my mom fell down my mom fell
down let me talk to her and I could hear
that she put the phone close to the
wrist I can hear you know humming noises
and I said whoa talk to your mom she
said she won't wake up she won't wake up
called 9-1-1 and rushed to the home Wow
they said Larissa got to the hospital
just in time just in time so it
literally came to her that day Oh
wearing a towel around the house calling
herself a superhero because mommy's told
her about it oh that's actually insane
so the mom got a seizure wall on the
phone to her mum and like that like she
fell down but the girl like the little
girl was like panicking like what what's
wrong what's happening to to my mom you
know and the first thing that she
thought of was to pick up the phone that
her mum was just on and talk and say
like mommy mommy mommy mommy fell down
do your old Brooke Sagan is alive today
because of her quick thinking brother
Tristan brother say that's me wanting
their mom suddenly noticed Brooke was
gone or its worst nightmare where's it
where's the baby in my
mom went running outside and she saw her
floating in the pool what oh my god oh
my god this son saw her little sister
floating in the pool oh my god
little Brook was in this water only a
couple of minutes but walls all it takes
they pulled her out put her here on the
patio
whoa he wasn't breathing luckily her
nine year old brother knew CPR what
nine-year-old knew how to give CPR I've
been saying this in previous videos
before like I should learn how to do CPR
I'm pretty sure you just you just pump
on their chest and you go like one two
three four and you've got to like you
know pressure like hard and then you
also got to give him mouth-to-mouth
where you close their nostrils and then
you give them like an emergency breath
I'm pretty sure that's how CPR works but
that's me knowing that you know after
learning that this nine-year-old you
guys know CPR okay yeah that's all I've
been saying everyone right now learn CPR
okay because this kid just saved her to
his two-year-old sister
luckily her nine-year-old brother uc+
insane how'd you know how to do it
television specifically the movie Black
Hawk Down wait will you learned this
from the movie Black Hawk Down they were
like oh pushing on your chest yeah but
she just rescue Brad rescue breath he
incident his sister's life of course
black is pretty grown-up stuff sure
trying to turn this movie off a hundred
times but he watches these scenes over
and over like a medic and he runs around
doing it we always thought it was so
silly but you know what that's silly
movie that cost a few dollars yeah
saved our daughter's life
Jesus modest as he is honest how do you
feel about all this attention really
good Emily is grateful oh man yeah I
can't believe that you know like there's
one thing you know like a child like
saving a parent's life but like he
actually knew CPR and thought you know
like out of all the times to do CPR now
is the time to do CPR it was just days
ago in Sprague Washington that
ten-year-old Brendon and April Delicia
right were playing in the park okay rang
into action and above this person who
snatched their 22 month old brother Owen
you can see them first Alicia and then
Brendon with the stroller oh wait wait
wait wait
what okay let me get this straight there
was this guy who picked up and kidnapped
their little brother and these kids were
chasing after this what pedophile oh my
goodness can you believe that this guy
just grabbed the brother in broad
daylight and they're just running down
the street I got this kid look he has
the brother in his arms and then they
just run off to him you know what are
they down there says a family friend had
left them alone for a few minutes when
it happened she knows ABC news tonight
she's heartbroken
oh she says it began when a stranger
started talking to them traveling
friends
oh no What did he say to you oh she's
nice to kids she's nice to kids
oh no it's a mine so he tried to make
friends with you yeah he's rhymed
yay for you Wow suspect dropped a little
Owen down the street after teenagers
joined in the teenagers helping kids
running after him
warning lease announced they've made an
arrest they made an arrest here bombs a
fifty year old it's second degree
kidnapped second degree from a home and
doing fine thanks to his very brave
resistor good everyone hopes they'll
have the courage to be a hero if the
time comes but no one really knows and
Wow oh wait and that includes kids a
rare and astonishing Club made up of
some of the most unwise that's so good
man cheese these kids you know imagine
like as a kid you see your brother being
taken away by some random man that would
scare the living hell out of me as a kid
you know and you're just a kid what do
you do in that situation against this
man you know but yeah like they actually
like didn't even think about it they
just thought you know like we can't let
our brother disappear we need to know
where our brother is so they actually
chased him you know and luckily they
found actual proper help but oh my
goodness that that would be terrifying
all right don't kidnap children that's
so awful wow I got I can't believe that
actually happened but luckily you know
he got caught damn okay robbery attempts
to stop the crime oh he stops it wait
whoa
this kid's gonna oh no oh the boy and
his parents was shopping for stuffed
animals okay what was on the hunt for
stuff Yoshi
to the store wearing masks whoa oh one
robber ordered customers to gather
against a wall near the counter oh my
god boy wasn't having it Robert wasn't
about to rob this game stop boys bravery
didn't quite match the size oh okay look
at you came
I'm trying to rob this place oh sorry
man ultimately the robbers made away
with some cash Oh property okay injured
but the robbers are still at large
well at least one good thing came from
the incident war gave the boys the Yoshi
oh okay nice they gave him the Yoshi
even though the kid didn't me do
anything all he did is actually just hit
him a couple of times but he actually
didn't do anything but man like this kid
stood up to these robbers and they had
guns too but this kid wasn't even
thinking about that you know most
robbers you know they don't actually
want to kill people they bring guns you
know just as a threat you know but yeah
this kid like I'm not sure be the hero
because you know he could have like got
shot you know it's kind of scary
actually if you think about it but yeah
regardless you know the guts on this kid
you know you got to give kudos to him
okay ladies gentlemen I'm gonna end the
video there that was me reacting to kids
that way heroes man let's get over on
another force all these kids in this
video that did amazing amazing things is
actually quite shocking you know and
yeah and next time you see something
happening or you know some bad shit
going on you know do something about it
you know cuz you could be on ABC news I
guess
either way though thank you guys so much
for watching and I'll see you in the
next video of mine slowly guys buh-bye
