there is one thing that will almost
guarantee to make any person in the
world loss no matter how old you are
what gender you are what language you
speak this will guarantee to make you
laugh have you guessed what it is yet
huh don't look at the title for goodness
sake
so today ladies and gentlemen we are
going to be watching videos that have
contagious laughter in it laughter which
you can't help but laughing along to and
we are going to do a little bit of an
experiment if you laugh at any point in
the video leave a like if you don't
leave a dislike alright we'll see if my
theory is correct and these videos will
think you love Brad scales coming to my
house told him number seven that's that
100 no he sent his friend to the wrong
house he's never been to his house
before so he's gone the wrong door is he
gonna walk in
no no just walked into a stranger's
house no way no no way
oh it's randomizes house so if you see
him go in right he spends two seconds
there for me yelling out the person's
name and the next thing you see is just
hit running away oh okay
I absolutely loved those moments when
you're with your friends and you just
laughed so much that you can't even
breathe
that's so funny okay this guy's trapped
in the snow is he gonna fall he's gonna
fall I know he is look at this shit he's
gonna fall a second out a second good
now just to get back in yeah it's not
gonna work it's stupid man falling in
the snow okay we've got a guy making
that cheese toastie
before actually the cheese seeps through
I love how genuine his love is listen no
good I shrunk oh no oh oh no it's
calling no no no no no no he's gonna
fall is gonna cool
guys applause I broke this guy's face
sorry funny they just drove up some
random drunk man he's just staring at
nothing just standing still he can't
even move to shoot do you think this
coffee is strong sleeping I think he was
oh that's such a clever prank I love
that just going round and round is one
of them to the forelock College Yui was
this Jimmy on a roll
oh he's sitting on a roll great great
one you boys up that buddy guys you just
sat on a roll in a it's not funny all
right
what the shit okay we've got some guy
it's raining outside he's filming it oh
you stupid stupid man you gotta to get
up look at him he's gonna fall again
come on bull again four people falling
down will always forever be funny okay
we got two bins wait what what is it
automatic Oh
okay stupid dude Hitler did nothing this
way funny guy hysterically laughing
right there this is Josh with a
cardboard plant who's he's about to fire
oh this is gonna be well funny he's
gonna fry a cardboard plate for the
first time whoa
okay it's actually gonna fly okay I'm
gonna guess it's gonna crash all right
and break on the first time and they're
just gonna laugh like idiots all right
three two we go what
that's cool in their house screaming
okay come on now
this is just mean buck away okay put
this one back outside why would you
bring a swan in the house that's so
stupid start on the bunk bed it's not
bud what is it bud on his shoulder how
do I even happen you trying to give him
a cigarette whoa you tried to peck them
out we get a baby hammering what's he
gonna do he's gonna do something funny
Oh
Oh baby no I did he's just hammering his
mum's T's away okay guys that was us
watching contagious laughter videos
alright if you laughed at any point
leave a like if you didn't leave a
dislike it doesn't matter okay
either way though thank you guys so much
watching and I'll see you in the next
video buh-bye
