oh hello everyone how was it all doing
as much a selfie today we are gonna be
reacting to some more kids animations
now if you guys didn't watch the first
video boom you have to watch it okay
because we reacted to some very weird
indian children animations now try to
find some more animations but honestly
this channel CVS 3d rhymes it's it's
just the funniest okay so there's this
other really popular Nursery Rhyme
called finger family never heard of it
but for some reason there are so many
copies of this same ass video this one's
with children this one is with sharks
this one's with lollipop what's going on
okay finger family show me what you've
got you've got a bunch of heads on a
finger that's the creepiest thing I've
ever seen videos they just got some
random uncle from the street singing a
nursery
yeah Here I am
why is my fingers talking to me saying
okay and then it just repeats stuff like
every single stupid nursery rhyme/song
why speak English you recall you miss
singing rather finger well where is
thumbkin what the ships that this is so
weird
it's just just where I will never get
over how different kids minds work
compared to ours you know these guys are
quite sexy look at them okay enough of
that this guy I just can't get out of
this guy Here I am
what do you do what do you do it's
without even know they get stuck in your
head the lion and the unicorn never
heard of this Nursery Rhyme alright so
we've got a crown and a bunch of people
and the lion and let me guess
a unicorn as well okay well they're
gonna do
where we hang on a second first things
first where this unicorn come from it's
a magical creature secondly wife there
are lying fighting this unicorn deadly
why they find a stupid crown whoa no
she's a liar giving them white and brown
brave and also they know what bread
looks like I'm pretty sure a pancake
very blankie is also Indian buddy tree
blankie some diva trance like that
because I'm not even sure what they're
saying
wait what and drove them out of town so
what they both ran away because they
don't like the blankie see it's so
catchy I can remember it now watch the
lion and the unicorn were fighting for
the crown and the lion and the unicorn
were fighting for the ground the lion is
another melon all through the town some
gave them white bread and some gave them
brown a son gave them back didn't great
song by section my favorite so far
definitely deserves 75 million views
yeah yeah do I dare to watch very very
good man be bundle sounds lovely let's
watch it okay I'm pretty sure there's an
Indian guys so I won't understand it but
let's just guess what's going on okay we
got a bunch of kids playing the game
looks like it
and man what um she's picking barnacle
sorry okay it's not my fault Hindi the
language is hilarious okay what are they
playing the game we have to guess who's
who I don't know
seyton particle what will they do okay
now that girl's running away what's
going on okay I don't even know how do I
even react and commentate to this I
don't know how she's disappearing and
then she's because she's blindfolded she
doesn't realize I think I understand
their game now all right this guy's
blindfolded she thinks all her friends
are there but her friends have will run
away okay okay now what we want to see
is her reaction when she sees all of my
friends you know ran away from her happy
and there she goes the loss of runs away
open your eyes little girl we're all
gone
Oh Oh it's like hide-and-seek I have no
idea what's going on these Indians are
poor Indians okay god blessed us all oh
they have Old MacDonald had a farm
this was my tunic in the day Oh
MacDonald had a farm eieio on that farm
he had some chicks here and a baa there
here a baa yeah but what a great song I
love this song not a cake patty cake I
feel like I've heard this before have
you guys heard of that okay we first
fell off with a little girl going into a
cake shop what you gonna buy from the
bloody cake shop
that bird for me they just love it when
you can like pretty much guess where the
song is going okay let me guess obvious
it just Cooter's gonna repeat itself
actor cake patty cake Baker's man cake
as fast as you can break it and but Kate
and it would be market would be that's
my name Brandon and in the oven for me
that was actually kind of cute okay like
I trust this stupid Indian channel to
teach me color songs
if normal english-speaking children
would watch this song and learn colors
from here they're gonna learn colors in
an Indian accent red green blue orange
its tossing paint buckets okay the first
line in the song is Carla's colors we
are pretty colors okay okay yes I'm sure
all the kids just sold screaming yes
it's right it's work I bet it's right I
bet it's ready this game makes me feel
smart be carrot orange haha think
granitic Brennan what's the color of
oranges are as fun I remember the colors
of oranges Miss Molly had a dolly
okay the tile of the song pretty much is
a song already let me guess
this girls Molly and that's her dolly
okay I don't see no doctor wearing this
stupid hat you don't what you happy now
all here he comes here he comes
okay this doctor goes to some random
little ghost house he takes to her
bloody doll and the charges are a bell
for a man this doctor just finessed his
way into getting some more money just
off this stupid dog no did he know the
Teddy died okay I reacted to info bells
last video but their animations are all
in Hindi okay and I think it's hilarious
this was called mama mama
I can't take this stupid dog wipes the
dog with the baby dogs together what
what okay I can't explain what's going
on okay he broke his leg that's what's
going on
now he's autistic just walk another
lipstick Jesus Christ other laugh and
I'm because he's bold okay I get it that
was great I love it what I do in my life
what am I doing with my life I'm
watching kids videos why am i doing this
why I decide to do this again okay guys
you know what I'm gonna end the video
there all right this is such a weird
side of YouTube which I don't even know
what to think like I might have to lie
down after this recording anyway guys
hope didn't enjoy if you have what was
the first episode I really recommend you
do it's such a great video either way no
that guy starts watching and I'll see
you the next video
ba back
