hey guys it is special selfie now today
we're gonna be doing a little bit of a
different video now if you are a
hardcore fan of the channel you would
know that I love to dress up okay I love
to do impressions I love to do funny
voices and to be honest I get so many
comments saying that that's your
favorite part of the mesh yourself
channel so I thought I would attempt to
do 100 impressions now I'm not good at
impressions I am just a normal guy
alright but I thought it would be fun to
at least try you know go away
fat man hey Brian can you pass the cool
zip I'm about to become the most popular
boy in school excuse me are you part of
the cool children darling hey honey how
about you turn around and show me the
Lower East Side it's me Peter Griffin
this is Peter Griffin diarrhea holy crap
I am freaking out hey that Peter Griffin
but call me Peter for short you bastard
I'll pay 9 hello well hi there swimming
I'm Lois Griffin oh no oh oh yeah get
your fat ass back here i'ma slap you on
your penis
hola amigos
it is Bruce in boots ha ha fear me if
you dare cuz I'm not alone there's no
one here
Sode me my problems have all gone and
there's no one here to deride me but you
gotta stop singing well it's no wonder
you don't have any friends I'm an
all-girl doesn't that bother you
Fiona Fiona oh there your drink
no don't care are we there yet over
there you over there yeah don't care
could you not be yourself for five
minutes
oh shut up you're so annoying aliens
savage aliens
shut up Mort don't be near the Kings
feet okay oh my great good god oh I'm
sorry
I saw you on TV I like money five letter
word for happiness money the curse of
the Flying Dutchman
I'm the Flying Dutchman did he make me
experience my toys Nina come get some
ham gosh such an idiot
you guys are retarded freaking idiot
soit's cool but we fart out of Scooby
Snacks
but shaggy
scheme how you feel and you say that
you're fine but you're not really fine
but you just can't get into it because
they would never understand if you know
how I feel why would you say I'm
watching you Wazowski watching this all
right
why trust a shark so what's like you
dude I saw the whole thing dude whoa we
were like whoa and then you are like
taking on the jellies any friends nobody
likes you are you Georgie what a nice
boat do you want it bad you look like a
nice boy Georgie you smell the circus
Georgie no peanuts cotton candy hot dogs
and blimey hurry haven't you ever wonder
where your mum and dad learn at all
you're a wizard Harry Potter no
celebrity most has given Dobby a sock
monster has presented Dobby with clothes
stoppie is fine
boobies Oh Marge to hell with this help
me
yo how's it going Bart dude well Dylan
totally Halbert worst mess yourself
video ever thank you come again
Oh chief he's going about a hundred
miles per hour should we stop him
let up ghoul Oh somebody going that fast
has no time for a ticket one two
my name is Cookie Monster I won cookie I
am more than Raymond anything I say will
sound important even if it isn't I went
to McDonald's and ordered some chicken
nuggets alas they forgot the BBQ dip now
I am forever sad I hate every single one
of them Christmas this Christmas that
I'll steal their presence then there
won't be a Christmas I love you you love
me
it's better be important woman Oh Hannah
means family family means nobody gets
left behind or forgotten I'm Batman
where is she where is she goodness
gracious me are to impress you must I am
the Emperor Luke you do not yet realize
your importance
you have only begun to discover your
power join me and I will complete your
training if only you knew the power of
the dark side Buffalo Americans now say
I may not be your President of the
United States but I am still alright
it's now time for Trump chew chew chew
chew China okay that's huge
okay North Korea are gonna bomb us any
day with their nukes Obama would be too
scared to fight North Korea but I am
Donald Trump and I will fight North
Korea gosh life's too short to be
serious Mickey yeah Shh where are we
where we quiet it's wabbit season my mom
always said life is like a box of
chocolates you never know what you're
gonna get my name is Christopher Walken
Christopher Walken has a very special
voice my name is Borat
that's nice hello ladies now look at
your man now back to me now look at your
man now back to me
sadly he isn't me prepare to die
spider-man
how long before she'd run into a dealer
let's review the situation that you're
gonna pay now yo Frankie my name is
Sylvester Stallone you come to me on the
day of my daughter's wedding and ask me
to commit a murder for money I don't
know who you are I don't know what you
want if you are looking for ransom I can
tell you I don't have any money or what
I do have are a very particular set of
skills skills that I've acquired of our
very long career skills that make me a
nightmare for people like you if you let
my daughter go now that'll be
I wanna feel you I will not pursue you
but if you don't I will look for you I
will find you and I will kill you the
inner machinations of my mind are an
enigma if that was you on the phone and
you want the bus then who was flickering
the lights Oh guys that was me
attempting to do as many impressions as
I can a lot of them were terrible okay
but I feel like some of them were pretty
good all right let me know in the
comments which one you think was the
best okay and which one was the worst
why not either way I hope you guys did
enjoy this video and I will see you in
the next video man slowly guys love you
ba ba
