would you rather be Jake Paul or Logan
Paul now if I was Jake Paul who I got
was Ange a Polish girl Oh God
if I was Logan Paul I've made a severe
and continuous absent my judgment well
you know what I rather just die okay
later we are back with would you rather
you guys loved the last episode so yeah
we're playing this again because it's an
easy video for me okay guys all right
stop complaining okay would you rather
have two sets of twins or quadruplets
wait what so would you rather have four
kids that all look the same or just two
kids that look like the same as one
other kid
so basically would you have for
Brandon's or would you rather have two
different Brandon's bro can you come
over here a second Oh someone called me
up a joke took so long to do and it
wasn't even a good joke so what a
stupid-ass question I don't care two
sets of twins why not
would you rather spend a day in the
Sahara Desert or it's all bloody hard or
look at the camel or no or spend the day
in the North Pole what a dumb ask
question okay we'd rather be too hot or
too cold I don't care if it's when the
day's the horrid desert I'm gonna die
from no water but if I spend the day in
the North Pole I'm gonna die of freezing
my bum off so the question is do you
wanna die or during a diagnose polish or
cuz Santa lives there would you rather
be hunted by Jack Bauer who the shit is
back Jack Bauer I would rather be hunted
by Jason Bourne facial recognition tell
him
Jesus Christ that's Jason Bourne
would you rather only be able to speak
via a translator or only speak when
asked a question whoa that's a tricky
one you're basically saying I can only
talk when someone decides to talk to me
but if no one decides to talk to me or
talk like Stephen Hawking hello my name
is mess yourself and I really loved
Hitty and shitty but most importantly
titty
should I be making fun of ALS in the
video probably shouldn't but I've just
done it okay sure I'll be Stephen
Hawking okay yep that's right 58% agreed
would you rather kill five people with a
knife how sick of all these people
trying to stop me all
oh this is a tricky one okay cuz the
shoot people is easy just go bang bang
and but killing people with a knife must
be so hard to actually you know use your
hands and stab them so I've got to shoot
ten people I'm sorry that's right sixty
percent of people will shoot everyone
would you rather break your leg alright
here's my leg here's this thing or break
your arm Oh both heal at the same time
well in that case I'll rather break my
arm okay yes right agree because if I
break my arm
I could still walk around and go places
but if I break my leg I'm stuck in bed
all day sad would you bother have Morgan
Freeman narrate your entire laugh Landon
then contemplated about whether he will
decide to have Morgan Freeman narrate
his whole life while he did a terrible
Morgan Freeman accent or have Chuck
Norris narrate your life now screw that
okay Chuck Norris alright as a dead meme
alright but Morgan Freeman however he's
still relevant today and it ended up
being 80% of people agreed with him
would you rather live in an anime or
live in a Disney cartoon okay it's gonna
be anime all right that's right mess
yourselves a weeaboo 51 percent
preferred Disney than anime what do you
guys think okay you know I'm gonna put a
pole right there you know you go vote on
that pole alright I want to hear what
you guys have to say would you rather
Norma in public Oh audibly moan during
each conversation you I don't drool in
public okay because I'll just look like
this all the time but then again if I
randomly moan your parents are gonna be
really confused on what kind of stuff
you're watching on the cub I'm gonna
have to pick the moaning guys I'm sorry
it'll be too fun to play with you know
would you rather put a toothpick in your
toenail and kick the wall oh I'm gonna
pretend to do that or have paper cuts
all over your body and jump into a pool
of lesson
disgusting person pick these questions
that's disgusting that is disgusting
would you rather have a drunk personal
driver so you're gonna basically die you
know don't drink and drive kids or have
a thieving maid / nanny well I'm pretty
sure our maid and nanny lives with you
okay
but this driver doesn't alright so I
just won't use him okay I'll just drive
myself what the shit you won't rather
have some bloody stupid strangers steal
your sippy
would you rather kill a five year old
girl's puppy would you rather kill an
old lady's cat okay screw it okay the
old lady's gonna die anyway I Mars a
killer cat all right 71% agree okay
don't kill her no puppy I love puppies
if it was the five year old she would
cry like all day but might get a new one
but the 51 five-year-old would most
likely die of sadness or something would
you rather kill yourself or enter your
youngster sibling in The Hunger Games
well I don't have a younger sibling so I
don't give a shit okay if I did have a
younger sibling all right I would kill
myself
would you rather yell shit a shit sweat
shit between shit every shit word shit
or get punched in the face after every
swear what the shit so it's basically
saying are you gonna swear all the time
or you know you have to pretty much give
up swearing otherwise you'll be punched
in the face only 60% 4% of people want
to say shit or would you rather go to
heaven or hell
what or be born into a better / worse
life oh my goodness is this a religious
question I think it is would you rather
have long curly hair Oh
it's so pretty Oh have short straight
hair oh look at my short straight hair
yeah I would say long curly hair cuz
I've never had long curly hair
would you rather only be photographed
for only be filmed well that's what I'm
basically doing right now so I'll have
to be filmed okay yeah I can understand
why most people would say photographed
because they don't do YouTube full-time
like me would you rather fight 100 third
graders at one time or fight 50 third
graders at the same time okay I'm not
gonna lie a 79 year old will probably
beat the shit out of me okay so I'll
rather take one out of time okay it
would mean I would injure more kids but
you know what I'd actually really love
to punch a little kid
anyway it's moving to the next question
would you rather live to be 120 and
accomplish nothing
notable or live to be 50 and be well
known for world-changing accomplishments
if you accomplished something that's
world-changing you know that's amazing
and you should so totally strive to do
that okay thank you or are only twenty
three percent of people are stupid
selfish idiots would you rather be a
mathematician I was now plus or would
you rather be a writer shall I compare
thee to a summers diggin I literally
couldn't give a shit about either of
these things I would say writing is
quite romantic okay yeah there you go
would you rather have this if you guys
don't know what Elizabeth is when you
talk you know like Oh would you rather
have a lazy eye oh my god I couldn't
imagine what it would be like to have a
lazy eye ah so do you want to sound like
an idiot or look like an idiot I would
say sound like an idiot cuz you know I
don't look like an idiot I already look
like an idiot would you rather be
dangled over the edge of a cliff or be
forced to the public speak is public
speaking is that bad that you would
rather dangle over the edge of a cliff
I would public speak what's a lot about
public speaking okay if you were trapped
in a cave with your pet
would you rather sacrifice your pets so
you can eat or sacrifice parts of your
body so you can both eat I don't give a
sh about my stupid
yeah come on now you gotta prioritize
yourself all right who cares about your
stupid dog or cat would you rather
magically flip genders every year oh no
oh no oh no oh oh be forced to move and
start fresh every year oh no that would
be so bad I mean if you were forced to
move you could list you just move to the
house next door okay and plus I do
YouTube all I need is the bloody
computer all right cool I'll do that
wait what everyone says flip genders
then again I would like to be a woman
too okay guys that was me playing would
you rather I hope you don't mind these
types of videos okay they're so easy for
me to make and you know what if it means
uploading more I'm sure you guys don't
mind if you want to see more if we reach
10,000 likes I will definitely do that
either way though there you go so much
for watching I love you so much good
back my facial recognition tourniquet
Jesus Christ it's Jason Bourne
