oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
is much yourself it today we are gonna
be looking at some of the scariest
websites on the Internet
do not go on these bloody web sites or
you might die the first web site we're
going on is bong Chun Doong ghost now
this website is basically an interactive
comic book warning this webtoon is a
special horror episode since it contains
shocking scenes reader discretion is
advised
bong Chun Doong ghost this story is
based on true eye witness accounts it
was around 11:20 that night I was
dragging myself home exhausted after a
tying night study session at school but
there was no one on the street which I
thought was strange I usually see a lot
of people even at night since my
apartment complex is very big oh she's
all alone at night what's she gonna do
anyways feeling scared I kept looking
down on the ground while walking home oh
my goodness I do that - I'm not gonna
lie suddenly a shadow stretching towards
me caught my eyes although there wasn't
anyone around me I looked up to see who
there was and saw a woman walking in
front of me but she looked a little
strange I could say that she looked
crippled she was limping and struggling
to walk in front of me since she was
walking very slow I soon caught up with
her up close I was able to see her even
better she was wearing dirty pink
pajamas and looked as if her joints in
her body had been twisted worse her hair
was a mess
and sticking out too everywhere it seems
so weird that I stopped walking I felt
like I shouldn't get any close to her
nor did I have the guts to pass by her
oh my god oh my god okay okay okay okay
okay that was kind of freaky oh my god
that noise oh my god wow you know people
say that if you are really surprised
you can't even scream that was right I
froze there not being able to move at
all where's your baby I don't know where
this dumbass gold baby if my thoughts
were racing to her question oh my god I
don't even know what I was thinking
when I did that it gives me the chills
thinking that moment as far as I could
uh over there I just wanted to get her
away from me then she limped towards
where I had pointed to and I couldn't
see her anymore oh my goodness is that
it is that over now fearing that I might
run into her again I tried to turn
around and leave that apartment complex
I could not think of anywhere but to get
to a place where there would be people
around oh no oh no okay alright I was
prepared for that but come on now that's
disgusting Jesus I don't remember
anything from then on I heard that my
neighbor found me passed out on the
ground and took me home in 2007 an
apartment complex in banh Chung hong-won
Lu a 33 year old woman jumped off the
apartment and died on the spot known as
surnamed show a divorcee due to her
extra marital affair she had lost
custody of a two year old daughter
and decided to commit suicide after that
incident Cho was seen walking around the
apartment complex several times oh my
goodness
okay all right that's just stupid that
was just like a jump-scare comic book
stupid website okay for our next scare
website it is a website called take this
lollipop and this website apparently
links to your real Facebook page okay we
have a scary bloody asylum uh-oh is it
like a movie it's like a movie
oh no I've got a creepy guy he's not my
buddy Facebook no no guys he's talking
on to Facebook onami he better stealth
my bloody shitty Facebook I swear to God
if he sent me a friend request doing
what's he do it
oh no no stupid shit those are my
pictures those are my friends I have no
friends
oh he's angry guys he knows everything
about me what's doing what's he doing he
has a picture of me
oh no what's he doing why is he so angry
I don't know this guy what was he doing
guys oh that's where I live he knows
where I live he
yeah yeah he had my house oh no those
are my school photos they took it at my
school photos he's like yeah
he knows where I live and he's coming to
my house no no no no hello no no no
please please all right this next
website is called death date dot org now
if you put in your information to this
website it will tell you the exact
moment where you are planning to die I
don't want to know where I'm gonna die
but I'm doing it for this video just for
you guys right first you put in your
mouth am i optimistic or pessimistic so
that basically means you see certain
situations positively being optimistic
or negatively pessimistic oh it's a
bloody happy person okay I would be
optimistic hi my name is Brandon my
email is TT at gmail.com my country is
the United Kingdom my birthday is the
5th of May 1995 my sex is a male just
about I am 5 foot 11 inches and I weigh
83 kilograms I don't smoke I don't drink
I now don't do drugs even though
everyone thinks that I do you know I
don't let's now calculate when I'm going
to die
you will live exactly 22 years 9 months
and 20 days but if that's true that
means I'm going to die at exactly and
exactly
okay no but seriously it says I'm gonna
live - I'm 85 years old and my death day
is the 25th of February 20 81 and I have
74 percent of my life remaining oh my
god I have 63 years left to live I can't
wait that long can I just die any
quicker please all right now this next
website it's called brain Shaw and it's
basically an online Ouija board now if
you guys don't know what a Ouija board
is it's a board which you can use to
talk to ghosts and spirits so we first
asked the Ouija board a question what is
your name
oh no the Ouija boards moving hello and
oh t naught C L C L II a not clear what
is named not clear what's that something
all right mr. goldstein spirit man do
you like baby the Ouija board has an
answer not like that PE man stupid-ass
ghost or like no peace I don't believe
that shit well this next website is
called staggering beauty calm now in the
corner it says warning contained
flashing images and all that's on screen
is this bloody black one shake
vigorously why okay what mister what
what's up you really went crazy shake
vigorous
let's not do that guys I could never get
a seizure okay
okay guys I'm gonna end the video there
that was me going on some scary websites
if you guys enjoyed the video let's try
and hit 10,000 likes and I'll make a pot
to baby
either way though guys so much watching
I'll see you in the next video man Larry
guys love you Bob back
