oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
it is your boy next yourself all right
he is all set up in his new setup okay
guys the sound sounds pretty shitty at
the moment I'm working on it okay but
yeah I'm back hello how is everyone
doing okay if you didn't watch one of my
previous videos I reacted to the TLC
show called extreme cheapskates all
right wait shows just a bunch of
cheap-ass Americans oi do it cheap-ass
things for now got that reason other
than to save like a couple of dollars or
I don't understand it honestly alright
so yeah we're gonna basically be
watching more of this dumb show okay the
first video watching is sharing the
shares all right same size of this
bloody mom or why is he still kissing up
I mean it's okay to kiss your mum I'm
saying you know don't kiss her on the
lips you know especially when you're
naked just coming out of the bath that's
what I'm trying to say
good it's no good if I can get something
for free I'd rather do that any time
than someone on a dollar my family and I
are so cheap that we all share one type
of water a day
we don't have cooties we're never that
dirty it just makes sense to use the
same water I'm a hillbilly cheapskate
will always be funny to me okay because
you know we don't get them here in the
UK all right so they're just funny all
right
I'm melody rose and I'm a hillbilly
cheapskate my wife is always working and
trying to save money and shrink our
budget to save money on water and
electricity we use cold water the whole
family takes a bath my husband taking
them that I do live in Ronnie and saves
a lot of money sometimes Oh actually if
you wanna take my own showers can't
really do much cuz my parents like to
save water is shallow Jesus Christ
it's poor dude ice and be stinking all
the way to his bloody 18 best bloody
stinky boy gonna find no girlfriend all
right
no one's gonna be with this bloody boy
all right this poor little boy but how
is your water bathtub uses I bet there's
probably no what 20 25 gallons for us
that's a hundred gallons a day how
stupid is that Jesus how much is 100
it costs zero point zero zero fifteen
per gallon so times a by a hundred
gallons is
fifteen cents 15 cents are you bloody
took a bloody bath with all your pinky
our hillbilly our family
bloody sex 25 gallons four of us that's
a hundred gallons a day I mean think
about how stupid is that ration our
shampoo and body wash I miss baby brush
in it that's enough for a month this
much for a month I use that in life wall
for my office maybe twist my ass all
right she's pretty month everybody's had
likes everybody's really good about
rationing rationing her family's use of
soap and shampoo Miller manages to keep
bottles for over six months
in fact she's found a way to save on
almost all of their household supplies
by tallit paper I use newspapers that we
give free in town oh okay Bob bumble
could not take newspapers going up my
bum all right my poor bum hole I so take
a second to think about measure cells
bubble okay all right we all thought
about it okay let's continue the video
papers smell like let me get that into
this bags full we take it out and burn
it this one used it
they don't waste 810 okay alright Jesus
Christ
alright see how these people are honest
to god I think it's practical for that
sort of commitment okay I've been
wearing shoes that don't fit me for the
past eight years all right they have a
hole in them but I'm not just ready to
commit to a new pair shoes oh my
goodness and they're Crocs
- all right not even good shoes they're
Crocs I just feel sad okay because it's
not because they're doing it because you
know like who cares about money you know
it comes it goes all right it's not the
most important thing in the world
all right so what he's spending a few
more dollars just work an extra hour at
work and get paid more
I don't understand why you put in all
this effort to say nothing dr. pepper
jelly dr. pepper Jenny this is corn cob
jelly babies away look at all the corn
off them who stick them in a bigger pot
of water you make corn cob jelly this
test almost like huh that sounds
disgusting all right Jesus
go out there dude get some root beer
Jesus Christ are these poor poor
hillbilly ass family ok alright so that
was a hillbilly family all right
don't take a bath with your family all
right that's just just just not normal
that's the only thing I have to take
away from watching this shitty show all
right come on you're gonna be more
disgusting going going out than you were
coming in goat's head for dinner extreme
cheapskates oh my goodness this is gonna
be disgusting I know it
I create my menus around what is least
expensive not only does that save you a
lot of money but you tend to eat
healthier by organ meats livers kidneys
and it's very inexpensive you can hear a
lot keep looking for the kind of crazy
things I say most people would not buy
or eat oh nothing is sort of off limits
particularly like cows heart that is
very inexpensive anyone do got some well
they do love this stuff I'm gonna go and
all around the world it's an acquired
taste before they look good is there any
way you can I have about seven dollars
and 15 cents
can you do that for me yeah you sure
I'm sorry okay $7.00 I'm in the bag he's
poor I mean I will happily eat the rest
of this God's body but I don't want to
see his dead eyes all right all right
I'll just eat some of his leg or
something I don't want to see the shit
JEP it's creative with food some other
food he eats I just can't get myself to
boil them a little bit
Oh Mike well here are teeth on that a
little bit afraid she is not a fan of
all of the types of dishes that I love
bit of seasoning on them oh my god the
oven no I want to see you eat it I want
to see if it's ready doc the off go
ahead no no no come on eat it eat it
I want to see you eat I think I did
pretty good goats heads are looking good
piece of shit TLC or making me watch
that shitty show okay I watching the
shitty show all right come on
$7.00 for a goat's head you really that
cheap that you're gonna eat a goat's
head all right just just don't get some
McDonald's or something I don't know
well my goodness America you're scaring
me sharing showers oh my goodness you
are showers each other is strictly two
minutes there's no hanky-panky at all
are
26 year old Christopher three year old
Rick parens extreme bathroom routine
saves them hundreds of dollars each year
on water electricity and toiletries from
my hair okay I mean I know shavings
expensive but this poor they support
this poor people all right why now I
actually say my face of it after why
this will get dog we actually we
probably saved like $200 at least in
razors because one packet of razors was
like $25 sometimes by keeping the joints
each hour to just two minutes
the parents have sliced their monthly
water bills in half so they've applied
this frugal strategy to each and every
bathroom for comes laps Chris will use
one end and then we've done I'll use the
other deodorant we actually share that
too we're only allowed one wipe our
toothbrush so we don't have to buy it
boss
I think that's quite gross actually I
think it's lost probably 99 cents should
get rid of it oh oh okay all right
Jesus disgusting okay let's just watch
one more I do not do laundry apparently
this woman quite a bit in quarters so
whenever I have 30 clothes I tried to
left my I'm showering wash them while
you're showering a free sample of
detergent I got
get detergent and bleach onto my clothes
before I put them in the shower I think
the last time I did the laundry was
maybe three years ago the dryer on waste
money but it's a shrinks clothes and
there wears clothes out faster oh wow
keep your clothes looking new or for
longer if you don't dry them oh I don't
know that what you want to do maybe a
load of laundry every other week it cost
like three dollars to wash and dry
clothes say maybe six dollars and one
Wow toilet paper
I just need water and soap to clean
myself off after going to the bathroom
it's myself if I just urinated I am done
with that and then I dry myself off with
the paper towels I have if I don't then
I also grab the soap Oh
spending money on something that you're
just gonna throw away such as toilet
paper or a paper towel okay Wow
I'm shocked guys come on all right if
this doesn't motivate you to go out get
an education all right get a high paying
job so you don't have to live your
shitty life like this all right come on
guys all right I don't anyone seeing
anyone be this cheap all right it's just
shocking all right no this is not fun
for anyone all right live a little
all right enjoy life a little do you
really want to be spending your life you
know hustling and saving I don't all
right guys all right either way though
I'm gonna end the video here this is me
watching some more shitty TLC videos all
right TLC this is what I'm just watching
now just watching TLC that's that's all
I do now all right just what my life has
come to
all right I just come with it there's
just too many weird people in the world
or I and TLC are there any people taking
advantage of that anyway guys I'm gonna
end the video there thank you so much
for watching I'll see you in the next
video buh-bye
