well hello everyone how is everyone
doing as much as over today we are gonna
be reacting to some children's animation
now I'm talking about no spongebob
movies it's your voice I'm talking about
YouTube kids animations now for some
reason on YouTube there's these really
weird channels that upload these really
budget
animations alright the first one we
reacting to is Johnny Johnny yes papa
this video has 840 million views let's
see why it's so popular all right we
first start off the sun's rising you can
Oritel looks terrible don't need Johnny
okay that's that's it and then it just
repeats itself like 50 times Johnny
Johnny yes mama what's he doing now
if you buddy sugar what a bad boy Johnny
Johnny yes papa okay what kind of
stupid-ass kid Eastwood sugar okay
I wasn't that crazy as a kid and has
anyone noticed yet that this family's
Indian okay what's with the bloody
Indian singing ah now look at him he's
all dressed up for school build on his
shoes only Johnny yes papa no shoes
what's with the bloody Indian short
story you can't go school okay another
thing I know it's the mum is a
completely different model to the dad
they don't look alike at all and for
some reason both these parents make that
thing that thing with this big-ass head
okay oh now they're in school okay well
they gonna learn today yes teacher
ah wait a second he's getting off the
bus isn't that he's bad that the bus did
they get the same model for his dad as
the bus driver okay if I said I'll be
home later see you yes mama
welcome home she completely ruined the
song that's not how it goes
Wow look at me so dressed watching TV oh
oh yes my mom seriously this kid calling
on watch bloody TV that's what I'm
talking about Indian parents need to
stop with this strict stock or see
they're now playing games
oh no he should be doing that yes papa
goodnight and that was it that was
Johnny Johnny yes papa does he think it
deserves more views than the whole of
measure self and it does okay so the
channels called CBS Reedy Rhymes and
they make so many videos like this a lot
of them are so weird
comedy Dumpty sat on the wall a classic
Nursery Rhyme John knew Jordan II yes
mama I'm pretty sure that's all it's
gonna be stuck in your head from now on
Johnny Johnny yes ma'am recording a
video my mom would do she would hit me
with her slipper all right here we go
Humpty Dumpty look how happy they are
Dumpty sat on a wall Humpty Dumpty had a
great fall all the king's men Jane and
Humpty together again
okay and then it's just gonna repeat
itself 10 times is it Humpty Dumpty sat
on a wall
dee dum this is it
I finally fell off the world my whole
life is flashing before my eyes
again the more they try looking he's
depressed now okay the idea of Humpty
Dumpty is quite scary all right it's
just it's just a story about a bunch of
eggs you know dying slowly okay their
days are numbered but they're still
happy to sit on the wall you would think
they would cool off the wall by now okay
you're gonna die any second now and
they're just like wow it's okay we'll
all right they're all fallen over
wait what no Humpty Dumpty's on the
king's house there's another keys man
yeah they're useless and that's it the
end bye why are you paying yourself you
stupid video they're gonna repeat the
whole song just to make this video
double and late this is the thing about
these stupid kids videos okay when
you're a little baby alright you don't
know what's going on you just let these
videos play constantly they make a
one-hour version of Johnny Johnny this
is what I'm talking about
how is this any different oh we got
another kid okay oh no he has his eyes
on the sugar you know what he's gonna do
oh no don't need a cigar
he ate the sugar Oh dad's there he's
angry Johnny Johnny oh my god that was
kind of scary I'm not gonna lie
alright now we got a rabbit why is a
rabbit in my house in a rat in a car oh
oh oh my god this is kind of creepy okay
we got this monkey creeping along okay
but well the monkey I'm gonna go get a
banana banana do
this is so I'm really pretty
uncomfortable right now and this video
has 446 million I got my videos getting
this many views okay and the comments
are just completely normal to very
entertaining who wrote that did a
two-year-old with a keyboard like that
alright now what they doing there bloody
monkey and the bunny are are are spying
on the bloody dog in the chicken bowl
they're like why the bacalao T upon the
monkey with a banana and the bunny with
the Kyra why can't they do these things
is the moral of story don't lie I don't
know what's going on okay I've had
enough of this okay you know what
they've done they've actually just
merged every single one of their videos
in this video but the tile is acting
like it's a it's a one-hour version of
Johnny Johnny all the king's men
couldn't put Humpty together again
oh my god it's stuck in my head Johnny
Johnny yes my ding did these no mama
telling lies yes mama I suck titties all
day oh my word
wheels on the bus has 2 billion views
how is this video got 2 billion views
what's going on he's on the bus go round
and
round and round round round all through
the town
it's all day long the wheels of the bus
go round and round all day long are you
kidding me right now kids are gonna be
growing up thinking it's the real
version comment below right now if it's
all day long or all around town so blink
blink blink blink blink blink blink
blink the signals on the blades go bleh
what's this stupid video anymore but two
billion views don't know how many that
is that's so ridiculous and it's an hour
long as well our kids just watching this
all day every day
alright this one's called baby song
Chino Telugu rhymes we're not crying
baby baby crying no idea what's going on
I don't speak this Indian language I
can't help it this dog talking in his
the funniest thing ever
alright this is another popular thing as
well five little babies jumping on the
bed
alright we've got a bunch of babies
they're all at the same Oh two three
jumping on the bed 1 wait wait don't
tell me the jumping on the bed again I
was giving an injection
what jumping on the bed was the
injection gonna do these videos are so
weird
see I know this video is gonna get a lot
of hate because I'm reacting to kid
stuff but as an adult I find it funny
but there's some new kids out there who
won't find this as funny and think it's
childish and will hate the video because
of it you're like I don't wanna watch
this kid stuff 8 years old I'm a big boy
is the doctor just gonna get angrier and
angrier as more babies you know get
concussions or there's one baby left no
right surely he would learn his lessons
after it's for the brothers and sisters
nearly died
okay okay well he's definitely dead he
just landed right on his own his head
that was very very weird for me all
right so this videos going viral
recently it's a Nickelodeon ad but it's
an Indian one let's see it
ninja Rosa ken'ichi present hot topic
headpiece
and they're dabbing in adverts oh my god
cool clothes and attitude and new hand
moves which which is the formula for
dabbing and it realized that and that to
be cool it's a beauty chose Nickelodeon
stayed with I was group it was an advert
to celebrate teachers day by teaching
kids how to how to dab all rights all
these characters have their own show in
Nickelodeon I guess especially motto
puddle what the SH it's our motto but do
the official theme song of mato Pato
let's listen to it have I just clicked
on all right what it's responsive in
Ian's just dancing you know I mean they
do do that pretty well Marty Marty
40-yard that was me reacting to the
website of YouTube the kids side of
YouTube okay these videos get way more
views than I will ever get which is kind
of sad but come on now yeah there's
actually really sad either way though I
hope you guys did enjoy if this video
reaches 20,000 likes I will make a part
two because trust me I can react to kids
animations all day thank you so much
watching and I'll see you in the next
video
