hello everyone how is it doing as much
as out there today we are back yet again
with house party now I'm a four videos
on this game because it is so funny you
have to watch it is a woman here is a
woman here this game is basically a
house party simulator what the aim of
the game is to kiss all the girls
hmm well hello there Catherine that's
right his name is Dan oh sorry
Derek okay I thought you're my friend
I'm pretty good actually everybody glad
you can make it
Oh make yourself at home and introduce
yourself around very nice thank you and
behind me to the party
Derek thanks for coming buddy it's been
a rough week I was looking forward to
hanging with you it's been a rough week
what happened Derek it's not worth
getting into right now always relax and
enjoy ourselves
okay thanks good party Oh something's
bothering my friend Derek what happened
I will find out okay apart from Derek I
think everything's pretty much the same
except whoa whoa whoa whoa who is this
pretty young Amy oh hey I'm Amy another
girl that will never kiss me ever in my
life I lost my phone number I think I
just lost my will to live so Derek tell
me what's up with the sexy lady over
there called Amy Amy's the best no I had
a few classes with her last semester
okay she's obsessed with that band panic
at the disco she freaks out any time
anybody even mentions them panic at the
disco
okay all I gotta do is convince this
girl that I love her shitty band and she
might give me a kissy playing the song
that reminds me of that one panic at the
disco song oh my god I love them oh I
saw them in concert last week over even
better than when I saw them the week
before Oh God all right this guy's a
little bit obsessed about a band okay
it's just a bloody singer I calm down I
love that lead singer Jared Leto
so what do I do I have to say they're
not my favorite as long as you don't
hate them or anything we can still be
friends you wouldn't happen to know why
Derrick seemed so down do you his little
brother got busted with meth bruh tarik
had to be the one to bail him out of
jail and handle the entire situation
oh no you pretty much raised that kid Oh
looks pretty broken it's bad
Derrick what happened to your brother
I figured you'd hear it through the
grapevine eventually yeah if I find the
guy that sold him that meth I'm gonna
lose my shit he's gonna lose his shit
hmm someone so Derek's brother some meth
do you think that person is you right
okay maybe it's not Frank but someone
did it I'm not gonna find out who okay
apart from Matt and the house looking a
little bit different it seems like it's
the exact same game Stephanie still
dancing as ever oh wait I think
stephanie has different dance moves now
okay so they've changed her dancing
looks like yeah I think she goes crazy
if I give us some alcohol have some wine
oh shit you totally scored me some more
wine yeah I did did you know I can check
a whole bottle in under a minute
okay guys now we're fast-forwarding a
little bit now in the episode where I
got with Rachel okay I got her phone
number okay and I did a bunch of dares
in order for her to like me okay but now
there's another storyline where instead
I can ring her friend Vicky to come to
the house party and maybe just maybe we
can kiss her okay so I've done a lot of
stuff I called her and she should be
coming any second now oh yeah she is
Vicky the new girl Oh where's she going
ringing bitch hey dude
how's it hanging you must be Vicky I've
had a lot about ya only bad things Oh
Rachel told me you're a lot of fun oh
she did now did she
yeah okay I need you to listen to me
Vicky I need some help with girls okay
because let's be honest I'm not that
very good at getting girls first things
first
okay these girls need to feel
comfortable and actually like you okay
good one I had no idea they had to do
that day in order for them to you know
kiss me that means you need to not be a
douche bag oh god bloody Audrey do that
so who do you want to work on first uh
maybe I could practice on you you know
for science show me your game Hey Baby
wanna wrestle please don't say that to
anybody ever again like you call me
often
Vicky seriously dude rid of house party
this isn't a local bar Oh God you have
so much to learn I do I'm sorry hey
Vicky you know what you have a really
nice smile holy shit that was actually a
sweet compliment rumors around this
party tell me that Ashley's pissed at
you see if you can win her back over
well there you go there is our next task
- bloody make up with Ashley okay so
Ashley doesn't like me at this point
because I went to the back of a dress
and I untied it so her big titties fell
out alright so in order for Ashley to
like you you need to go over here and
pick her up
a flower oh but not only that you need
to go to the bathroom and die the flower
with blue hair
because she doesn't like red for some
stupid-ass reason my first things first
we need to apologize to up oh it's you
listen Ashley I'm really sorry that I
untied your top and everything good
enough did you do that for it was really
embarrassing for me Ashley can I make it
up to you it was really mature of you to
apologize I suppose that's a start I'm
still not really sure I trust you yet
though okay Ashley I understand alright
so that was that one step two is given
others demas flower I appreciate how
hard you're trying to make it up to me
did you even find a blue flower like
this from around here yeah I had to dye
it with hair color because apparently
she likes that shit hmmm we are this
close for her to forgiving us we need
one more thing in order for her to
forgive us hey Derrick how can I make it
up to Ashley well I happen to know that
Ashley is a bit of a stoner okay so now
we know Ashley like smoking weed now
someone at this house party must be
selling weed now the question is who is
it Frank how's it going though do you
have any um we yeah dude I can look you
up
what wait until you try my shit it's not
best around we have one bag left on me
it's 50 bucks and non-negotiable yes got
that kind of money okay now we need
fifty dollars now is a bit of story
where this girl gets naked okay cuz she
drinks too much you know it starts
dancing okay she gives you $50 if you do
some stuff for our $50 was ayat or
adventury hey how's it going dude you
got my $50 I do nice doing business with
okay okay we've got the marijuana in my
inventory now what we do is we go over
here take the paper then combine the
body marijuana with the paper and you
have a joint then you go to the fire and
put the joint on and then you get lit
joint and give Ashley the joint hey
thanks for this as far as you and I are
concerned we're square okay we are now
friends she forgives me about you know
undoing her bra and showing her titties
off to everyone you know just to again
for quality it's okay she's friends with
me now I did it Ashley and me are
friends good work
okay why don't you join me in the hot
tub and we can continue this
conversation
Oh Vikki look at you go you're going to
the hot tub okay
again Oh naked oh okay all right she's
gone oh she's got a boobies out okay all
right so the next part of Vickie's quest
is that I need to get some alcohol but
Frank is guarding all the alcohol in
this cupboard Frank I need some booze
okay
I'm this course I'm bloody sucking on
this Ghazni luck dude I've been very
lenient with you up to this point no I
need to draw the line somewhere
oh sorry but I just can't grant you any
more favors but but listen Derek I have
had enough I need you to kick Frank's
ass for me yeah I know Frank can be an
asshole so always be the last resort
loser whatever it is you can work it out
amicably amicably was that McLean but he
called you an ass licking fart monkey
yeah well I just find that funny oh
great
hmm what can I do to get Derek pissed
off at Frank hey Frank you wouldn't
happen to know anything about Derek's
little brother
you mean that loser the woman got busted
with my product Wow dare he put me at
risk of exposure
oh my keep his mouth shut about where
she came from
oh my god Frank so Derek's brother
mastered that dick move it just okay
this is more important this is
friendship Derek listen to me right now
Frank's the one who sold your brother
meth that doesn't even make any sense
yeah he's straightedge I think I need to
have a word with him you're the one who
sold that shit to my little brother just
because your dumbass brother was stupid
enough to get busted doesn't mean it's
my fault oh I'm Way too angry to
consider that my brother is responsible
for his own actions or to listen to
reason right now holy shit it's uppity
def buddy come on damn it
Oh oh come on Derek you know
now straight down you little pussy up
okay so is Derek actually dead Oh Derek
okay
Derek's okay maybe if I had a little
help I could pull it off huh maybe if he
had some help well don't look at me I'm
not gonna help Derek fight that big ass
man Frank but the only other guy in this
house PI is Patrick listen Patrick okay
now this is gonna be a bit hard but I
need you to help Derek beat up Frank
totally awesome idea brah it is if it
was two on one
I don't think Frank would stand a chance
he wouldn't and I'll totally help you
out with Frank all right the plans all
coming together now let's just get Derek
to term that is ready or at Derek
everything set up Patrick's gonna help
you beat up Frank yeah let him know I'm
ready Frank's going down going down yes
Frank he's finally dead guys and now we
have the alcohol cabinet oh oh yes I
could take any alcohol I want sure Renee
you can also drink the alcohol if you
right-click it look you could drink it
oh no I'm becoming more drug the more I
drink of the more wobbly I'm getting oh
my god I'm so drunk right now I don't
have a head okay I'm I'm missing a head
okay guys I'm gonna end the video there
now you can't get with Vicki okay but
I'm not gonna show that because you know
I'm trying to keep this video monetize
if we reach 10,000 likes I will make
another house plant a video but I don't
think I need to because I've made so
many house party videos go watch those
bouquet because there's such great
videos all right and you guys probably
haven't even seen them either way those
that you guys saw watching and I'll see
you in the next video man sledder guys
love you are bad sure Renee
