hello everyone how's the one doing is
mr. sofa today we are playing guts and
glory I've made three videos in this
cheeky game go what's that
you bloody gate kitty are you in him
Kitty's in here look how big it is gone
Edie I love you ah all right so I heard
there's a bunch of new characters in
this game wait there's a tutorial now so
look at all the characters Jack and Jill
my name's Jack we've got so the bloody
girl on the motorcycle yes I did a
little new guessing Pedro is Mexican I
thread my car with my two friends yeah
I'm not really good at Mexican accents
and we've also got jr. the guy on a
bloody skateboard let's see what Jack
and Jill are like okay so we've got a
kid riding a bicycle with his bloody
sister in the back you won't be for long
once I kill you okay it's very hard to
control my sister oh she's already dead
I died okay I should probably start
actually playing a level and you know
instead of just messing around with a
character's oh there's people now in the
game okay
don't fail Oh people excuse me oh sorry
about that thank you I thought it was
quite astonishing arrows coming out of
it somewhere oh my god there's hours of
okay Jill your brother Jack is dead okay
we need to go through here fast
quickly there's so many arrows come on
Jill get your shit together oh no I love
my sister I'm not leaving without you
sister come on you could pick yourself
up oh shit go go go go go go go go go go
go up this is dead but I'm alive no I
promise it's okay
huh wait for it wait for it bloom did
you guys ever do so do this as a kid you
know put like I don't know what the shit
this even is put a rope in a
didn't see that bomb there sorry
no yeah jack is dead okay avoid the
mines there you go the finish line I see
the finish line
come on sister I'm not letting you go I
am NOT up she'sshe's dead in the floor
over there all right no man left behind
come on sister you aren't doing this
with me oh god okay she she'll stop
being such a stupid bitch and oh my god
okay what the hell happened there oh no
here come the sauce oh I'm too short
haha you can't get me okay my head's
gone this tree on the sword Wow okay now
let's try the bloody hillbillies oh okay
so so it's just on a mark bike
okay this is basically happy words at
this point must be honest was this trick
mm but the question is can I do a triple
flip and now I just fell off okay guys
watch this triple flip triple triple
flip are you kidding me
she is fired okay so she can go even
faster oh my god shit is there a button
where oh my god okay I party the circle
button just throws me in the air hey
Brandon what so did you know my little
old motorcycle has an eject button has
an eject button okay cool an eject
button roll in the air to pass the final
test I can roll okay uh roll roll oh my
god that was cool okay so there's this
new character Larry Oh people just got
run over there sorry but Larry's gonna
you know do his ting okay so what the
shit is this now we've gone from
vehicles to bloody this flying arse
Rocket Man this is basically the
equivalent of the old man in his bloody
wheelchair come on man I'm not an old
man in a wheelchair I'm an old man in a
chair Larry how the hell did you even
invent this bloody rocket chair well you
see Brandon one time I was playing
around with my rocket chair then next
thing you know
back away oh my arm fell off I don't
like these levels I prefer cars oh come
on come on come on Oh control maintain
control mend it
oh hey died okay Larry can you just
Larry just con them Larry Larry Larry
Larry Jesus and it landed the final one
the final one before the one
wonderful okay well I hate this
character I do not want to play as Larry
ever again okay let's play some
community tracks let's play the strange
world you wake up to find out you're not
in the real world but a strange one oh
my goodness where are we would you stay
close it can't be that bad
oh no there's buddy sores I'm bloody
shitty are everywhere okay we're living
in a world populated by sores not that
scary oh no there's blue balls hangin
out or what the shit is this what the
shit with that shit Jack I love you wait
what oh my god alright we're gonna make
it through this tight rope
easy easy
I'm so sorry
Oh oh my god oh my you sister Jesus
Christ it took a long time
oh god this just spikes everywhere huh
accomplishment parking simulator wait I
never finished the young level videos at
last the Yanks have arrived at their
destination now they just have to get
that designated parking space ok let's
try out petrol hola Senor my name is
Petra this is Esteban and Julio hello
guys ok just trying to find the parking
space or avoid the mines Oh dios mio Mia
died how about you got driving a
different parking lot I don't know why
it turns a young family guys but just
just keep driving why is there money
flowing out are we are we Mexican drug
dealers listen to me son yo I have no
idea where this drugs are taking me I
say where are we going uh I don't know
we're gonna park it easy oh my god I did
it just find a parking space already Oh
God ok my Mexican friends are dead dios
mio my friends a day sorry dude but how
your friends are dead yep oh my god oh
my god oh oh I'm ok dios mio Pedro just
find a parking space already I'm finding
a parking space just wait just wait wait
oh my god oh wait I thought I was
Esteban Oh God
where are we ok we definitely lost
Estefan now okay and now Pablo's dead -
oh god what the shit is this wind what's
going on in this mini parking lot and
the parking space is finally here
I am fearsome okay we finally found it
to gum Z and Gomorrah theme park okay we
have to bring up the yang family for
this take a look at that Ling Ling Gong
Zi and go Martine Park I told you I will
try to come the young combo now we're
gonna have a super super fan song time I
come Z yeah let's go to come Z theme
park
oh sorry children look over there wow
you have the iconic bonzi and Gong I
know you watch them all the time when
you should be doing your homework okay
sorry sons did my racist stuff but look
we're now driving through sorry guys
this is basically Disneyland but the you
know guts and glory equivalent Luke do
look at ball shoes I look in gay oh my
god what's this uncle
oh okay I know we we left the theme park
I know child I am sorry I think your
mother had fun though
wife oh my god what this shit kind of
theme park is this shit oh my god
hammers hammering everywhere at least my
child is alive oh no my wife okay I just
ran up with my own wife oh god okay just
just end the level Jesus Christ and go
oh my god oh oh I'm okay oh my god
that's a bat a bat a bat get it no oh oh
my goodness what the hell's up there now
I don't care fuck or vodka whoa okay Oh
piss off okay the checkpoint is just
below here cool guys
what that what them okay they put me in
a giant blender to end off end it off
okay okay here we go the main event
everyone's talking about it
if the epic rollercoaster of loops jumps
and high-speed stunts okay this is it
the final race course
loop-de-loop whoa let's go rollercoaster
whoa oh god okay they all died okay keep
going keep going keep going
another loop-d-loop I'm doing it I'm
doing it
it's just so fast I can't even
comprehend
oh my goodness This Is It this is gonna
be epic
I don't jump oh god no oh my god this is
actually such a cool level I love this
shit Oh No what's none for the hammer
okay we broke the hammer come on
it's the final job guys it's the final
job let's go oh my god okay well I am
just left the building Jesus Christ okay
guys I'm gonna end the video here if we
reach 10,000 likes I will make more
videos in this game I don't think I need
to though because I did make three
videos on this game and the videos are
well amazing go watch them if you
haven't watch them already that's so
good either way those guys sort seeking
I'll see in the next video
ba ba
