well hello everyone how is everyone
doing is mess yourself eh today we are
playing escaping the prison oh man
puppet in jail for most 50 years now how
to escape
now this game is a prequel to stealing
the diamond so if you haven't watched
that actually he's probably watch it
next because that's the sequel okay
let's play you're free again
yeah I'm free to go home useful haven't
we Dave what yeah yeah of course I
checked it I mean if I didn't check it
oh that was my job okay we have a secret
package me a cake okay wait what's the
cake oh my goodness look with all these
things that it could be a bloody nail
file and oh gee drink we've got a bloody
teleporter I only teleported over here a
rocket launcher we also have a cell
phone
oh hello I think you got the wrong
number dude let's try that's really oh
because it's this buddy just gonna say
fire it up go straight down oh did I die
no didn't die we made it look two more
options do we go for number one the a
PASOK dictator or do we go for number
two the bloody crowbar I'm thinking
let's first try the or passer Teta
because I don't know what that word
means
he's like hmm nobody supercilious just
move the Blue Slide to the right and
you'll become as opaque that means
see-through I know what opaque means but
the more opaque you get the easier it
will be for you to pass through solid
objects
oh oh oh I'm doing it I just went
through the walls whoa whoa I'm like a
bloody ghost like bloody course oh no I
got trapped in between the earth you'd
think something like that would come up
in the beta testing so the app a circuit
hall was a bad idea
now let's do the belly crawl bar oh
we're going underground in the sewers oh
great I died oh no oh no I I got shot
let's go actually her running into a
wall should we try it one one one let's
go were down down
okay all right dodging the bullets
dodging the bullets they're right next
to me here they can't shoot me oh shit
what now down oh I I forgot to pick get
ready get ready go go stick man you can
make it oh no the DPD a Mexican standoff
Oishi this is he get ready get ready
come on now come on that's how you do a
baby walking out the front door oh yeah
hell yeah the badass and we can escape
is a police car how epic was that okay
that was just one the endings and I'm
pretty sure there's like four more okay
let's use Oh rocket launcher ring Oh
expanded how the cake okay oh wait a
buddy of course the place where I aimed
just so happened to be a tube you know
facing me and end up killing me
alright well that was great let's try
the teleporter II hmm well this worked
for stealing the diamond yeah that's it
Oh
oh you just can't seem to get the hang
of that thing can you how about you shut
the hell up you okay let's try the
energy drink Oh Oh be careful with this
thing
oh did did it turn everything slow
motion I just escaped because it's so
much pressure it's gonna pick up up in
the trash smooth as a smooth ma'am a
jammer that's right little of a song Oh
take your donut you won't be needing
that your fat shitty and that's it we'll
cut the front oh okay oh oh and oh gee
side effects include nausea headaches
rapid heartbeat and possibilities of
stroke and or heart attack huh well that
was good to know I kind of wish I knew
that before I drank the whole bottle so
we've got two things left the foil and
the cell phone let's go with the file ah
firewall I'm gonna file the bloody cell
door a window let's try the window I
know it's gonna fail I'm gonna fall out
the window or something like that oh it
worked
yep I've got a good feeling about this
one
fire the cells or I could be here
forever this will take like years oh I
did it oh the police officers that
quickly it didn't kill him
why just kick me oh oh yes and again oh
this is amazing
Oh are we free oh oh walls gods over
there
oh no I ran to this room would I do now
a belt of grenades that's it
throw an outside Oh guys so many
explosions in this video
this videos budget has been very high do
we have any more explosions okay well
there goes okay well apparently I don't
know how to throw a bloody grenade so
let's use the chair oh we're gonna go
into the pipe oh okay go left or right
left
uh-oh
should be very quiet guy says God's
right under us I hear them talking Oh
guys that fatty okay let's head use the
chair again but this time let's go right
okay oh we're going on in there now oh
no we're on the roof what are we gonna
do how do we get down oh so many things
just popped up we've got our bloody rope
we've got plungers we've got a parachute
and a jetpack
let's try rope I'm gonna shoe a rope
down there and and ant slide down okay
I'm alive
okay okay let's try that parachute be
grouchy bullet what what oh no oh now
okay ah I think that was just a regular
backpack Oh jet pack maybe uh let's go
the jet pack for it oh wait no oh I
crashed my background started it takes
many hours of jet pack training before
you're able to operate one a jet packs
even real what the shitty is my titties
shitty alright so plunges is the only
way left is that the right answer are we
scaling down the building that's smart
okay and then he just makes it a bomb
and I got the sticky ending so we've got
two endings so far the bad ass ending
and the sneaky ending now I think the
last one has something to do with the
self Oh alright so apparently the
cellphone is going to get me out of jail
attorneys
oh no okay September 9th
12:53 oh no witness please continue your
testimony
oh as ran alongside my partner here
McMahon generally Oh spotted a bag on
the side of the road okay got an event
decided to throw the bag in with the
other I didn't know there was someone
hiding in there perfection
Oh defendant crawled into that bag in
order to break into the bank is that
correct I have proof that the defendant
didn't hide himself in that bag oh okay
what are you waiting for present this
evidence already yes you piece of shit
oh my goodness what is this some stupid
Phoenix Wright shit oh okay the first
game was called breaking the bank and I
think you had to play it in order to
know why what is going on pretty much
floor plans for the bank
what is this evidence
yeah evidence and how exactly does this
prove anything
I find the defendant henry stickmin is
it the disguising bag maybe is that the
bag the defendant hidden yeah yes but
there's one thing that's been bothering
me
Oh Oh the defendant really was hiding in
this bag then from the outside of the
bag yeah he was inside the bag it being
possible from the tie but not on the
outside yeah what that meant how did he
do it I'm saying my client wasn't hiding
that bag at all good you're stuffed in
there we were stopped by this very
witness yeah the witness was attempted
to dispose of the body
oh and the men in the bank knowing he'd
drive by it on the way back to the bank
yeah the witness and his partner passed
the bank he convinced his partner to
throw the bag in with the other what but
why would he do that
why to dispose of the body of course
in fact his victim woke up and tried to
escape from this case was arrested on
the spot well that certainly was an
interesting trial yeah I find the
defendant or a stickman we escaped and
then Oh a truck just rode buster
I got the lame ending okay guys I'm
gonna end the video that now the next
video in this series is stealing the
diamonds but the one after that is
infiltrating the airship so if we reach
10,000 likes I will upload infiltrating
the airship which is basically the same
thing as these stickman games except
it's the next you know like game in the
series either way though that guy stops
watching to see the next video bah bah
