hello everyone how is it all doing as
much as L fit today we are playing for
you to Rama the fish'll video game
getting ready for it
get ready for it get ready for it Oh
bender what's he doing Linda what are
you doing
Futurama the game choo-choo Alan game
ok so we're playing Futurama the video
game it came out 2003 which is one do we
evolve by fourteen years ago okay so
don't ask me why we're playing Futurama
the game I literally thought has a video
game and they do it was like a
platforming game which is kind of like
Crash Bandicoot this game was terrible
and I'm playing it just for the views
Futurama theme and I don't give a shit
Claude knows human rinds wait what is
that made our humans plant Express
that's where I work good news everyone
I've sold Planet Express to mom also why
are you wearing that funky hat whoa hold
this no reason hmm that was odd an idea
by the yard how could you sell the
company to mom yeah I had to we've been
losing money
Oh perhaps my strategy of using a giant
spaceship to deliver one package at a
time who wasn't as clever as I thought
it's not like this is the end of the
world as we know it
ah let me guess this is the end of the
world as we know it
evil entrepreneur mob now owns over 50%
of the earth this was it has anyone ever
noticed how fry always seems to turn on
the TV at just the right moment this
reporter applauds the demise of the
pathetic human species we go now to a
live statement from mom oh oh don't
worry dear is the only change I'm making
is that mother earth will now be called
mommer's
that's cute weird also you're all my
slaves and anyone who doesn't report for
duty before curfew tonight will be
blasted by hover bot death troopers
no zombies never I was well the earth
isn't safe anymore
yeah as Captain I propose we get the
hell out of here okay
let's go to the ship to the ship
I'll just wait for Farnsworth okay
professor oh no what happened to the
ship no ships all wound up yeah it
wasn't me this time I swear no matter we
need to repair the ship and we need to
do it fast yeah Lila you start banging
on the control panel
I'm on it defender you'll have to bend
the ship back into shape man how come I
always have to do all the bending around
here goddammit and fry you fry what
exactly do you know how to do yeah burp
the alphabet
oh hey shut up fried I've got a mission
for you fry find a hammer find a hammer
oh look now we're in the game I'm Philip
J fry hey I'm trash that's all you're
gonna get from me today okay so we to
find aha Murray is it in here
no is the hammer in here bloody having a
fap okay is that okay so the hammer is
bouncing on a bunch of you know
dangerous shit right right right
rise alive what happened you were
crushed under two tons of debris and you
died so what was death like fry well
first everything went dark
then this bright light appeared and it
said Oh game over Oh professor here's
the hammer I died getting for you oh you
can keep that piece of junk I only made
you look for it to get you out of my
metaphorical hand Jesus Christ he killed
me for that hammer why don't you find
the ones missing from my tool rack okay
which ones are missing all of them god
damn it can you find them and put them
back no problem oh no problem are what a
stupid FAST mission ya canary tail this
game's gonna be terrible is there at all
enjoy bugs locker okay he has an arm in
his locker and a dead dead arm okay
let's pretend we didn't see that part
hello my name is nibbler and get me out
of the cage Bandhan only blob sorry
Leela hey Sherlock a lot I gotta kick on
okay let's leave this stupid main area
okay there's just electrical wires
hanging from the sky and I died okay
found spanner all okay the floor is wet
and I'm guessing electrical can I go on
it okay
jumpy jumpy jumpy platforming yeah I'm
old man Jenkins year I found another
item oh cool now here's the main office
Jesus Christ I should really clean up
that bloody shitty fridge the stupidest
game I don't give a shit about
collecting those shitty stupid-ass AIIMS
okay all I care about is bloody funny
cutscenes we're missing one I am at
Betty's in Hermes house hey look it's
Hermes actually as that green slime on
his head
I think he's brainwashed oh yeah sorry
we a bit slow tonight means I'll kill
you okay I did it took me a day but I
did it all my tools are back in place
even the ones I didn't need Oh
sadly though there was one part I was
unable to repair but don't we have a
backup engine we did what we never used
it like being back up and all oh I
pawned you bought high-end it for the
same reason everyone pawns everything in
America Oh get a gun okay oh I got a gun
go to the pawn shop and get back our
engine okay there's a curfew hover bike
death troopers are roaming the street uh
then you'll have to take the sewers
sewers what about the suhyun's I gave
you a gun got a flower dress oh I did it
level one BAM
anyway sewers yeah smells what's it
called you know the stuff you find in
sewers of course the first level would
be a sewer level who likes sewer levels
you know people always say oh the place
was so good yeah while I'm here you know
here in a box with a hammer yeah that's
that's good gameplay isn't it okay so
sewer mountains where are they
moutains super mutant okay she's a mushy
Pamir and go go I I killed it I probably
should have put more research into this
game you know it's actually really
shitty oh look
parkour I love press the thingy and that
opens a door jumpy jumpy I died jumpy
jumpy jumpy what the shit is that it's a
big monster kill it kill it
oh no you shut me seriously they decided
on starting this game with a sewer level
shit is that I wake up I'm scared what's
that everywhere okay okay I'm gonna turn
around in three two one
I hate this game already
this is finance my search for a new
flavor of crayon well you can eat you
want
okay Park over here turn on the dial and
now and what's that gonna do is that
gonna raise the level of the bloody
toxic waste II poopoo okay now we raise
this one let me jump on this and this
will go high uh-huh okay and then we
made at the other side okay I'm starting
to get this game okay what's this shit
do I have to do now wait is that a
crocodile
okay jump on the crocodile I felt that I
would be mad I'm already mad I'm quite
sad actually I'm quite sad and depressed
today guys just when I thought I'd
mention that in the middle of the video
I'm actually having
bad day all right turn this wheel and
I've got to go through I'll come on all
right what's this super epic parkour
skills I'm doing it I'm doing it it just
insta kills me really I don't want to
actually play a shooting game I just
want to hear funny Futurama references
nah epic parkour making me stupid shit
stop I wonder what actually will happen
if these tentacles out the wall kill me
I died oh now why is this so much pork
over in this stupid game I remember one
episode where fry went down the sewers
and it parkour shit jump jump
ja okay jump Oh No okay two more lives
just don't die ran and I swear to bloody
God jump okay last life if I lose this
on ragequitting I swear to God alright
do not mess up right your last chance do
not mess it up jump
oh then jump okay just wait this is the
last one mo truth come on come on okay
okay
last life okay look guys the exit is
just below us
come on guys get out of there I'm not
playing this shitty game anymore not
today Octopussy oh no no no future I'm
with the game why is it going put me
back in the main menu wow you actually
have to start again gonna in the video
they're not gonna play anymore of this
game so quite lately I've been running
out of ideas for gaming videos so I've
been going back to the ps2 and finding
old games that's why I made a video on
this game you know I thought it was
gonna be better than it is
either way though if you guys wanna see
more ps2 games 10,000 likes I will do
that thank you guys always watching I
love you guys ba ba I'm quite sad
actually I'm quite sad and depressed
today guys just when I thought I would
mention that in the middle of the video
I'm actually having really bad
