all right starve the shitty music hello
everyone how is the road doing is mr.
selfie today we are playing the world's
easiest game if you get any questions
wrong today you are done go to school
see parents I'm a great role model to
watch ok now I'm queasy CAD unfortunate
condition questions will be easy
don't make them difficult or you will
fail
you will get nine lives okay so we've
got nine lives to answer a bunch of easy
questions are you ready wait twelve
seconds that was easy which one is the
United States is it this one no this one
what is the capital of New York is it
New York City or is it openly
I actually don't know Alberti Abilene
press the K button oh okay oh I press
the K bond click the red button hmm now
is it the one that says red or is it the
one that's the color red I'm gonna go
with purple yeah put the ball in the
basket Oh
does a bear paw in the woods well we all
called up or software you know so I'm
gonna say yes buddy for did the word
swims is the same forwards as it is
backwards and upside down
true or false true I'm a SAP for tree
jokes get it cuz I SAP he's a baby tree
how many questions to be answered so far
well up here it says it's the tenth
question
so I've answered nine you have five
candy bars I wish I had five candy bars
I love chocolate you take out three how
many candy bars do you have well I
didn't eat them I just took out so I
still have five right I'm a smart thief
Artie what state is this
I don't know American shit was not a
rant because that's a different country
it's not Ontario cuz that's Canada North
Carroll on Matt Varney Mary and Susie
order pizza fuck which is Mary ate two
out of four and Susie eight for our they
who ate more or isn't that both Harvey
neither a small plane crashed and every
single person on board died everyone
John Shirley
Johnny get who survived no one cuz they
all died more stupid ass turn on the
light bulb
okay well shit okay
you had 27 flowers sadly all but 14 died
more before team died how many are left
we'll all but four teams of 14 he's a
triangle the only basic shape with three
sides
I don't know yes how's Izzie which one
is correct do you want to go to the mall
with Jordan me do you want to go to the
mall with John and I but it's do you
want to go to the mall with John and me
say where's that number between one and
two is it 1.5
it is it's my favorite color it is aqua
is another word for water fill in the
missing letters in order to form worth
in the horizontal and vertical shapes
wait why this is gel and this is leg
this is I so this is I as well I'm so
small how many days in a normal calendar
year 365 days is the moon made of cheese
cheese yes oh I don't know that I
thought it was made out of rock what
shape is a round red rubber ball around
red rubber ball fear he how many rabbits
there's two now there's more than two
six why they keep multiplying because
they're bloody shagging 23 hahaha I can
count how many sizes it's cute house six
uh-huh which one's a zebra is this one
that goes zebras and horses made the
same noise and they do woodchuck chuck
oh no how much wood could a wood chuck
if a woodchuck could chuck wood
no but they do chuck wood oh you can
tune a guitar but you can't tuna fish
and put the enter button okay wait
hahaha
how many Dalmatians are there I'm
guessing there's a hundred and one
because there was a movie about hundred
and one Dalmatians at one time he is the
Pope Catholic I think he is actually
yeah he is what state is this oh I don't
know the Americas I think it's Alaska
but it's upside down because it's trying
to trick me Alaska you walk into a
restaurant there's ten people that's 21
three that's 26 seven that's 29 and nine
that's 31 how many people in the
restaurant 36 yeah hahaha I can count
which is heavier a pound of goose
feathers or a pound of leg where they
both weigh a pound saw the same state as
this that's a Texas
easy which ones elephant no no yep okay
I think this one is a elephant yeah
which is the furthest away Jupiter Mars
or blue or the moon well I'm pretty sure
Pluto is like all the way over there
somewhere see told you there are eight
miles of woods by your house how far can
you walk into the woods are they saying
my house is in the middle of the woods
that means either way I go it will be
full so half see it's just the world's
easiest game yes I was easy what shape
is this uh triangle ah the one race car
is the same forwards backwards and
upside down wait what race car well
backwards and forwards it is but not
upside down so no what do you point a
toast on post no bread see smarty farty
wait ten seconds in easiest 10 seconds
of my life and watch the scene you will
only see it once be extremely observant
okay guys I need you to focus
observe every single detail all shit
okay okay
the saw was purple there's cats and dogs
there's plans there's an orange clock oh
there's a key there's a white cat
there's a Clyde Campbell who closed the
clock
has an orange clock yeah it was orange
right oh my god what color salsa hmm
think about whose house was it Oh
collide which are better cats or dogs of
course it's bloody Pussycats ah
Lucy's what is two and two put together
two plus two is four but I think they
want to trick me and put two and two
together to make 20 boom-boom see you
think I'm a dumb shit man how many days
on July 31 how many days is at Tampa
must be 30 I think how many days are in
Maine for goodness sake you just pissed
off I don't care but bloody day of how
many months left 31 days I don't know
seven how many months have 28 days well
February has 28 days exactly but all of
them have 28 days so 12 months ha ha ha
yes I do how many questions are in this
quiz I don't know you can bloody oh
there's a hundred 500 and 1000 hundred
and twenty one one one oh one one oh no
another one of these pay very close
attention you will see the following
scene only once
ok woman green pass red book pink toy
orange lamp was the colour of the girls
book bag green I was green oh my god
where's the 11th letter word that even
all Harvard graduates spell incorrectly
incorrectly at some point in the years
1900 and 1999 there was a year that
could be read the same whether red right
side up or upside down what year was
that so 19 something else 61 right side
up is this way and upside down is still
1961 so boom
see you think on my dumb shit but I'm a
smart shit how many questions are left
damn it a pyro technician should know
how fire works
get it cuz um Pyro's fire how many cops
in a court for how many quarts in a
gallon for 2 plus 2 is 4 11 minus 7 is 4
click mash how many fingers on a human
hand full oh come on my thumb is enough
finger you fuck with 5 plus 3 5 not
treating the button shoot the mob boss
we got a gun aim aim the number 4 okay
what color is this pool it's green
you think I'm colorblind which country
is bigger England is my CD or the
picture of England's bigger but the
United States is bigger okay huh what's
my name
my name is deke lover yeah damn straight
is correct oh my god what the shit is
this times by zero anything comes by
zero he's a zero I'm so smart
then they'll dine then they'll die I'm
gonna die I can switch to a Bob
I killed uh zombies which hand do you
stir soup with you don't stir soup with
your hand you start soup with a spoon so
need that okay this is my dog blue hello
my name's alright blues calm down what
color is my dog well blue the dog is
green so green is purple now alright
blue oh it's green now right
stupid ass dog changing colors what our
2011 pennies worth while a hundred
pennies is a dollar so twenty dollars
and 11 cents I'm smart
what are two thousand four pennies worth
two dollars and four cents all right I
still got my diploma yay okay guys that
was the world's easiest game I'll leave
a down description if you guys want to
try I didn't do too bad I only got a
couple wrong leave a like if you enjoyed
10,000 likes I'll make more gaming
videos cuz you know that's what I do hey
guys what you can see the next video ba
ba
