oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
is mr. selfie today it's the lost
episode of South Park and the fractured
but whole I swear I think goes so much
of the support on the series it's been
amazing I really want to do another
let's play I want to kind of do one
always going on on the channel alright
so a poll just popped up boom go vote on
the next let's play you guys do on the
channel but either way let's finish off
guys or you will never see your parents
again
we merged with freedom that's not true
I want this mega franchise more than
anybody dad no we're not Justin okay
you believe me don't you okay so I think
we're the last mission we to find out
where Coughlin took my parents I'm gonna
tell you where to go and you're gonna go
there on foot know
fools please let it go to the place
where people get their copy fix whoa
better hurry tick-tock tick-tock okay
we're going to go to tweeks coffee place
go talk to the man in the red shirt now
I'm gonna make things a little harder on
you okay telling you where to go giving
you a riddle oh we're a place where
death comes in all shapes and sizes go
into this door to find what your prize
is whoa I'm pretty sure it's the gun
shop we need to go to
Jimbo's gun shot to be exact Thanks take
a selfie with him do it now your mom is
gonna suffer no don't you look mommy
crime Fighting's not a game vigilante
you're gonna get somebody killed what
Sophie okay he's happy do it one more
word do a place where seats hang from
chains part desert part jungle where
happiness reign
whoa the park okay okay smart wow so
jelly jelly he told me if I didn't do
what he said he'd do horrible things to
my patio Oh No get a selfie with her
okay I'll take a selfie they said he
would poop on my patio
okay okay we just cleaned our patio I
had to do what he says don't want stupid
patio sorry kid I have what I need now
see rant but my parents all of his
messaging has been coming from the
community center the community center
let's get this fat turd while we can
let's go one two three go
come on will you I mean it's going on
back
it isn't the freedom paths and their
newest recruit me what have you done
with the new kids parents badass yeah
nothing yet but when I'm finished with
you I can't say they'll be exactly safe
this has gone far enough we end it now
now the thing about the end is you
mysterious we aren't gonna fight you
coming now put your stupid hands down
and stop playing games yeah he's got all
the new kids followers now with their
help you can't stop me you want us to
kill Mitch Conner okay that's what
that's what's gonna happen now no I die
is he dead
wow you did it guys you beat me clatter
dude I did it oh my god where are they
where are the new kids ya know the only
way we're going to get Carmen to talk is
to torture him yeah sometimes torture is
the only answer everyone get back to
freedom pals base we have to make this
shithead talk sorry Carmen but I don't
believe that all right I think your hand
is betraying you what is wrong with you
guys I'm not your enemy
yeah you're going to have to make Carmen
talk Oh No what's going to do fall in
his face watch you eat is that it I'm
not afraid oh let's go with this fishy
is that a cuttlefish how about trying
the hot dog all right a retail maybe
there's vomit everywhere I'm gonna eat
the cats he was one to genetically alter
the cats what
Nanuk slap doctor mephesto yes that must
be addressed come on we must go okay
let's go through the spooky spooky woods
to the bloody laboratories oh I'm so
scared the tours are only offered from
10:00 p.m. to midnight we're just gonna
have to wait here till nighttime okay
how far is that you know kid you still
have yet to tap the full potential of
your time-bending house I do something
that could enhance your ability could
possibly make time pass more quickly be
okay so I'm guessing I'm gonna
fast-forward time with my thoughts now
quark what okay it's now night time
hello oh wow some young people
interested in genetic engineering huh
yeah oh my god what that's okay I'm so
pleased that you children are interested
in genetic engineering okay genetic
science began as a simple question can a
monkey be made to have four asses
instead of one what the answer was yes
okay now we've been able to get more
asses to pigs horses everything you can
imagine okay
yes little boy out of that help oh
you're one of the cynics huh another
benefit of genetic science of course is
combining animals okay like these donkey
Apes funny fish squirrel donkeys and
more here you can see genetic mutations
of my dead son wait what most people
don't remember that I once had a young
child named Terrence okay and Terrence
was killed tragically in town when some
kids were playing around with a relic
belonging to Barbra Streisand okay jeez
I think it was us
these horrible monstrous mistakes of
science for our new benefactor has asked
that we genetically alter some of the
local sixth graders and make them
stronger and crazy what why the fuck
would you do that how do you mean why
the fuck would you make genetically it
had six graders yeah our latest
benefactor has asked for this army of
mutated sixth graders to protect his
altar cats okay
altered cats
right over this way oh shit mr. Connor
has donated money to have stray cats
enhanced with more asses mich karna cat
seemed to become really aggressive when
didn't worry they've proven to be quite
dead Oh God this entire facility has a
very complex security grid hope so uh-oh
what was that noise huh that's never
happened before
Oh No someone shut down the security
grid no Mitch just my parents our eyes
do you took my parents we're trapped
winter bloody guts Jesus Christ many ask
cats ok that's what we're doing the cats
are attacking the cats are bad this will
definitely make the door open
oh no don't bring in more cats often
goodness say cheese okay all right I
think the cats with a bunch of bums
maybe we can go through some of the
larger exhibits this way children just
no more fighting animals please what the
hell's happened oh no oh no it's okay
we'll be safe in the tour trim all the
tour tram is offline
he's gonna have to get you the CPU and
hit the override switch okay somebody
has to walk down to the third level and
flip the switch yeah well it's obviously
gonna be me isn't it all right Jesus all
right this is kind of scary okay Wow all
right the gorillas are out
that look like sick graders what the
hell okay you should be coming to my
dead son now home just in West his dead
son we got the fight is dead son oh no
oh the six craters and how mutants soon
this town will be rid of you and all the
kin friends we're freedom pout fat-ass
there's only one time of year when this
town is the way it should be okay on
Christmas Christmas I joined the Chamber
of Commerce and use them to unleash my
master plan crime in the city and crime
on mayor run for mayor tons of followers
new kid into genetic mutant election
make every day Christmas
wait what dude quick take a selfie
why okay nobody's gonna let you be mayor
oh yeah I've got all the new kids
followers Oh every last one of them is
now following me if you guys don't mind
I've got an election to win
No darn it why did I put that thing on a
mobilize trapdoor I'm afraid now someone
will have to go clear to the ground
level and call for the tour tram from
there Oh hurry up new okay we gotta get
out of here do it oh god it's daddy yeah
I know it's you what the hell are you
doing dad what the hell did don't you
move mommy can't walk you have to go
into town and get help what they were
about to cut off your father's head to
scan his DNA I'm sorry sweetheart but
you have to finish the job the only way
out of here is to kill daddy kill mom
dad I'm sure there must be another way
to save them okay she say how nothing is
their fault like usual I knew something
like this would happen
no she said cut off your head the CPU is
waiting for either of our DNA just trick
your mom into walking over to it go get
mommy's arm that's your doing hey what
the hell what am i doing get DNA sample
from one of your parents okay let's go
grab my mom's arm she won't need that
anymore it's pretty much all oh please
baby
a lot of blood already but mom I need um
if you take my arm it will kill me
please don't kill a mommy sweetheart Oh
mommy loves you do I killed my dad cuz
he does marijuana or do what kill my mom
cuz she does the bloody alcohol cannot
kill both of them I think now be will be
bound I feel most people would kill that
dad
so let's kill my mom okay kill my mom
kind of want to see what happens when I
can't my dad do okay alright cold
that's just ignore the fact I kill my
parents see that wasn't so hard was it
no Turkey so long new kid you just
fooling around having fun yep I don't
think so Cass emo this way just to die
Coon and friends Oh Canyon Ranch he's
got some kind of super weapon it's over
fat ass we're gonna tell everyone on you
that Connor oh I am good for your
francese oh fuck I get it now but then
the new kid had to come along and try to
stop me for good although I had no
choice but to have my own new kid built
what have you done Eric simple how do
you stop a coon friend by creating a
massive genetically altered Coon friend
from that hero's DNA really you're just
gonna fight a superhero by creating a
big genetic mutant from the heroes DNA
every douchebag superhero movie ever is
it kid it's not kid no no it's like well
anyways I wasn't able to finish getting
the new kids DNA oh so I had to resort
to cloning a different superhero oh oh
no oh no what shit taste that oh my
damnit okay time for this biggest boss
power well I do have a fart that can
change the day time does that do it my
hat is pfft I could just do one coat but
they were all out at the spot amazing
all this time I thought more asses were
better than one but it's what's inside
the ass that counts take that Keio piece
of shit that was pretty amazing dude
I've never heard anyone rip one like
that well I hope you've all enjoyed the
tour you're now all free to exit right
over the gift shop yes yeah perhaps
you'd like to buy a I survived genetic
mutants t-shirt just a photo of you
enjoying the tour okay
mysterion dude the nuke it farted so big
he made it next week
oh no it's ten days later oh great and
you keep farting us to next week the
whole mayor's office is blocked like a
fortress lose it Kyle
thanks to the new kid Carmen is mayor
and there's no one left to help us Oh
Morgan Freeman come to the taco shop we
have to fix this why do I have to go
over there your farts have sped up time
okay we have to somehow go back okay
stop Mitch Conner from ever rising to
power right this is the seven-layer
quesarito Chipotle beefy nacho supreme
the last time someone tried it they
farted so bad it created a
I'm hold a time travel possible okay I
have to warn you friend once you eat the
seven-layer quesarito Chipotle beefy
nacho supreme yeah there is no going
back so you're ready to eat the
seven-layer quesarito Chipotle beefy
nacho supreme sure you know what's the
worst that could happen you know now you
must fart back in time to before Mitch
Conner was sworn into office okay you
can do it you just have to believe in
yourself sure there's now leap through
time before Mitch corner was even
elected
what the hell just happened did I go
back yeah I think maybe the new kid had
a fractured but whole you have to get
the kid to a doctor fast
be careful new kid South Park is a
really scary place on Christmas yeah
Jesus I can see no we're simply here to
celebrate the coming of our Lord and
Savior good okay yeah Merry Christmas
everybody don't murder me so what you
doing what you doing oh my god new kid
you have to pray to Christ - cries okay
just give me a second just praying okay
this okay what is this game well now
maybe we can eat his flesh
oh fuck critters again yeah
Santa's gonna kick the shit out of you
okay it's time their goodness save us
know-it-all so I don't know I still
don't know oh I can play as Santa okay
all right I paid the crisps
I'm crying out much the gameplay with
guys but these battles take like half an
hour every time thanks for your help
Santa yeah welcome kids
now what the fuck is this all about
we're trying to go back in time but the
new kid has a fractured buckle so we try
to treat him to the abortion clinic oh I
see all right you kids get his ass fixed
Santa will hold off these drunken
fuckwad Thank You Santa Oh God the
abortion clinic is full of people hey
guys stand back kids we got a lot of
abortions today it's Christmas we need a
doctor to look at our friends asshole
lemme guess has got a big crack down the
middle ha ha ha the mayor has to be
stopped we know how to do it there that
scumbag made the town that shit all it
is today yeah put a splint on it and a
little sling to take pressure off the
speaker try it kid try to take us back
Oh God okay well my bunghole and they
stay in the same it used to be but let's
give it a go you could do it you could
do it you could just concentrate
did I do it up is it is this the
beginning of the game oh god it's the
beginning of the game oh oh what are you
kids doing we stopped playing
superheroes like five days ago
yeah visit a dragon named Frank fuck you
dude I'm crazy
stand aside we have to get to carpet
okay fight us okay they all dead no
debate it all away you stupid shit oh
you cannot cross here this is all love
ah shit Oh
how do you do Jesus Christ did you see
that guys come on call is it traveling
back in time to find you a cat's missing
there's a big reward wait why you guys
already playing superheroes we know what
you're up to fat-ass mysterion but
you're with the freedom house
we're from the future you fat turd no
I'm from the future I was just coming
back to stick a to times to get you get
a yard we know everything show us your
left hand my left hand photo us your
fucking left hand Hey hello freedom pass
time travel ain't it a bitch what the
hell are you doing here Go Daddy panties
the new kid is means to get what I
always wanted but it looks like some
do-gooders travelled back in time to
stop me
carpet I swear to God if you don't knock
it off that's okay because I still know
something you all don't what's that how
to make someone fart super bad by
hitting them in the solar plexus oh yo
no shit where are we now Connor oh no
we're in the time that a superhero was
born recognize this place you can't go a
little bit out laying awake at night
unable to sleep why have you brought us
here
don't you see this is the night new kid
the fateful night your dad fucked your
mom your walks to the mirror don't do
this dad but don't you see King this is
what he wanted all along to fix it okay
don't you see new Cantor I've given you
an opportunity which will you do new kid
fight the bad guys again Oh
fight your younger self so that you
never have to witness what's behind your
parents door bad guys hey man look we're
just followers you're the little kid
with there's like a zillion followers
right we just thought well we thought
about if you could add us and maybe you
know maybe we could have friends moment
is finally here
oh wow okay now and that's it right oh
oh oh hey kiddo everything all right
yeah go back to bed honey
daddy and I are a little busy okay you
stopped your dad you saved your mom new
kid that's right and now there's nobody
left to stop me are you I'm the king
this is your kid from the future our
child from the future oh god I knew
something like this would happen
our job now that we've been lying and
want some answers you're right kiddo
we've been dishonest Oh but only because
we wanted to protect you okay now we're
getting somewhere
your mom and I have certain abilities
powers that normal humans don't have one
day I created a facebook profile and
within a few hours I had over three
million followers
my powers are similar except they only
seem to work on Instagram okay I got 4
million followers as soon as I posted my
first picture of course powers like that
don't go unnoticed for long okay your
mother and I were kidnapped by the
government where they had scientists
spending months doing experiments on us
I'm trying to figure out how we were
able to gain so many followers so fast
okay that's where your dad and I met and
fell in love inside a cold damp
government lab
yes by day they ran experiments and by
night we made sweet love my powers
combined with your mother's oh you
received over ten million followers the
minute you were born oh okay and by the
time the umbilical cord
you were already more powerful than all
the Kardashians combined nice that's why
we had to escape okay because we knew
the government would use you to do
horrible things right and we've been on
the run ever since moving from city to
city of always trying to stay one step
ahead all right now that everywhere we
go you just can't seem to stop gaining
followers sometimes they even break into
our house and use our toilet just to be
close to you that's why we've been
putting special medicine in your dinner
sweetie to try to curb your powers but
it didn't work yeah didn't work the side
effects of the medicine just gave you
really powerful and really smelly farts
oh my god I feel so relieved to have
finally told the truth
oh honey I you know I don't think I need
to drink anymore oh I don't need to run
from my problems with pop brownies hey I
feel like your future is going to be
totally different now I believe in us
that's good yeah dad barf
now that you know the truth do do you
think you can believe in yourself too uh
what am i doing leap through time I know
what my decision is to believe myself
believed in myself and now we will go
back to present time we're back in
downtown South Park oh where is
everybody here where is it more
importantly what period of time have we
landed it yeah I've know it turn it
around okay
it's an augury she can still stop Conner
from becoming there let's do it what do
you mean wave just you just stop like
that yes you're not oh thank god
Mitch Connors about to be sworn in come
on guys we gotta stop him you're not
going anywhere you piece of shit I am
NOT Mitch Conner sighs you guys stop
this you are Mitch Conner admit it
Cartman
Nakao admit no Chow I have no control
over Mitch Conner you Barnidge corner
you've always been Mitch Conner and you
better stop right
yes stop and how do you explain this
care oh my god well well well the plat
thickens dude fuck you
what's the matter Kim shoes on the other
hand I'll fucking knock it off he pissed
at him because he's fucking making it up
that's why I'm not making it up dude
that's your fucking hand asshole stop
because he's trying to teach me a lesson
about being deceitful
wait so you admit you were making it
before see this is a troll to get me to
admit out of trolling you guys are the
Coon friends at each other's throats
dude come on are you doing that maybe he
is which means maybe Cartman was just
doing it before well will you admit it
Cartman you see that proves it see what
he's doing right I have no fucking idea
yeah I know they don't well Freedom Pass
who do you attack me or the king okay
okay I space out Cartman Oh No
this isn't fair I'll say oh do you again
Mitch from an alternate universe dude
dude enough already
you got to drop it Kyle yeah drop it you
fucking drop it fat-ass tell these guys
you were just fucking with me they're
gonna just keep beating the shit out of
both of us yeah dude Kyle if you're just
fucking with us we have to know you're
just making things more confusing if I
was just fucking with you then so is he
yeah maybe I'll admit it fucking with
you guys but only if Kyle admits to at
first I'm not seeing anything until he
does you admit it you just did
well those admit it at the same time all
right I was just fucking with you
talking just make me mayor already
that's Mitch Conner damn it why they
love this guy so much mr. Connor would
you raise your right hand please
I do solemnly swear
I do solemnly swear everyone listen this
is all just a plan to get more crime
energy so that the Coon and French
franchise would be bigger than the
Freedom House franchise Pat urine has
been put into your drugs and alcohol to
raise crime in the city
so that the Coon would have more crime
to fight everything was thought up by
Apple Oh Mitch Conner rads a fat raccoon
he did it all you kid show them the
selfie you took oh no bitch Connors plan
Hey Yeah right you mean he was putting
poison in our wine and cocaine no yeah I
mean why I tell you that because the new
kid isn't the only person who had a
parent get fucked hey my dad got fucked
when I was 9 years old
oh my god only two people on this stage
know how that feels
I'll put that already I want to hear
this my father will be avenged even if
it means everyone else has to die
Mitch Mitch it's over man mom what the
hell are you doing here I've been here
unannounced and it's not your fault
Mitch it's method what are you talking
about it was me Mitch I'm the one who
fucked your dad oh yeah boy Wow I did it
for SN
I wanted a future for you Howdy's use
hunting for the person who fucked my dad
it was my own mother let's try and stay
calm like you may be really cute but
even you can't fix this did he look at
you man huh
they look you in the eye when he snuck
up and they both died I think come on
everybody let's go get clean drugs and
alcohol from the next town over yeah
just don't do drugs on call but yeah um
is that actually it is that it's just
gonna end just like a normal episode
would I just it's like that this whole
thing could've just been avoided it's
all game it's just gonna be avoided with
your friends honey this is a great town
isn't it I love it here I'm so glad that
all those years ago we came clean about
our child's past yeah I feel like I
don't know like our lives are different
now somehow I love you I love you Oh kid
Oh would you excuse us for a moment
Oh mommy and daddy have a little
business to take care of upstairs oh you
little sneak okay know about hold did
you really think you could stop bad
things from happening
baby don't you see the chaos
always catches up with you you try being
a hero hmm
when a figure younger said free no
matter how hard you try to change the
past
oh my god okay I think it was probably
not as good as a stick of truth it was
good but I think it was just way too
heavy on focused on combat I'm not even
sure how other youtubers did it but I
had to cut pretty much all of them out
so yeah kind of not fun when you're
doing it for that long so much either
way though I hope you guys enjoyed you
know I had to sit through this goddamn
shit so I'm surprised that any of you
guys did you know I wish the series
could have been better by me but to be
totally honest I was so confused from
half the time I don't even know what to
say or what to do
either way though thank you guys so much
for watching I'll see you in the next
video guys didn't Wales to say bah bah
