hello everyone how is everyone doing as
much as L fit today we are back with
South Park and the asshole keeps
cracking
can someone please call a doctor or
something that's funny dude that's
really it's good commentary right there
so I think the series is coming to an
end Isuzu reached 10,000 likes a lot of
our next episode last episode we went to
a meth lab and found out the kitty is
urine
he's been used for drugs to make more
crime it might be Mitch Conner which is
Cartman's hand
let's just play let's just play the game
I like babies good morning South Park
vigilante struck again last night this
time at a meth lab in the downtown new
storage facility okay with more is a
midget in a fedora eye witnesses have
come forward with shocking report so
that the vigilantes parts were so awful
they seemed to actually rip the fabric
of time yeah they do that how long
before this vigilante gets radical blows
up a school or a church huh how long
before Captain America becomes captain
ideology about six years since dozens of
protesters gathered outside the police
station today a warrant was issued for
the vigilantes arrest we urge all
citizens to arm themselves and fight
against this kind of rectal oppression
uh-oh oh no this policeman he's a bad
cop do not trust this guy nobody knows
anything about this kid well not what
race he is not even if it's a boy or a
girl what do we do sir what do we do
who's he talking to yes get into
people's drugs and alcohol I'll handle
the vigilante Mitch kornel just stay
calm and soon everyone will have exactly
what they were hey Wendy that little
girl told you about worse Oh Chamber of
Commerce wants to get rid of the
vigilante no matter what it takes
yeah no the bathrooms in the park the
girl wants you to meet her there right
now the bathrooms in the palm all right
so we're gonna go meet this cool go at
the girls headquarters in the bathroom
in the park let's go what first
we must change it do the vigilante vigil
and be just sputter out a different
clothes came on that's done
Oh eww dumbass take dumb hello who's
that oh my god I don't know oh my
goodness there's so many quests going on
I don't know what's go let's go sweet to
the girls fast cuz I like the girls I
like girls okay stranger stranger listen
to me okay somebody cancelled my
cellular data plan my phone is dead are
you kidding me this what this mission is
I'm asking for your help new kid oh god
I think you're the only one who
understands okay I'm not doing that
mission that shit I don't care sorry we
can now go meet Cartman's hand puppet
hey what uh hello looking for answers oh
my god I am mr. Connor sends his regards
Oh he wanted to come himself but he's a
very busy man I'm sure he is he
mentioned some horrible tragedy happened
to your mother
my dad had sex with a bunny how a few
moments in our lives can completely
change who we are
yeah and now you're gonna be taken out
by assassins what known as the city
ninja service demon just going to do it
and when you're done after it's done you
don't sound Japanese you sure you're
really ninjas just get it over with
today it's okay
we will defeat the bloody ninjas GT come
back then I really hated this game but I
thought the plan anyway cuz it's part of
the game
oh wow wow that's me being racist all
right Craig come on it's time they're
special okay okay they're dead yay okay
I also have a mission to go to the
coolness let's go to the corn laughs oh
okay
indeed the fucking freedom powers have
more information about this conspiracy
than we do they do back what may be
freedom pals have a better super
franchising no they don't that's right
now is because their butt bucket
cheaters who sold out he was like well I
have every power did you fuck it
everything we have to know what the
freedom pals know yeah how we ever gonna
get the hell out or do that we sent a
spy something Osborne who tends to want
to switch sides and join freedom paths
me then you can't join freedom pals
yeah aspera says it's investigating the
community see ya gadget class I forgot
buzzers in the cage the new kid will
meet him
oh if he tries anything funny kill him
what the hell okay all right are we
gonna hang out with butters now are ya
look butters I mean oh I'm excited
what were you stepping okay
now this doesn't look like much of a
home base worried sick we could barely
enjoy the movie we were watching I can't
talk but I can't talk what we need to
get the hell out of it we're talking
about buzz off of the window oh my
goodness okay don't jump out the window
cuz you'll die was this a flying minion
recipe you craft the flying minion and
here we are the flying minion I don't
know actually
apparently the hamster can bloody chew
through wires oh my god wait what wait
wait wait wait wait okay I'm knocked a
hamster in my are special Billy that's
impossible
I grounded you how could you be here
right now we see I shove the hands up my
ass you have some kind of ability to
unground people whoever you touch
becomes ungrounded is that it your evil
magic is not welcome here darling damn
it oh my oh shit your buddies can't join
the fight under your under ground them
by just touching his face now he's on
the ground it ego butters be ungrounded
what do you think you're doing kid on
grounding my friends what the hell oh my
god father look the house I never talked
about it
how's this oh my god boys what the hell
yeah Jesus Chris boom okay he's dead
oh okay we'd be alright let's go yeah we
are not professor chaos but right here
we are the freedom pals base aka tokens
house I think last episode I got tokhes
dad arrested for being black okay I
gotta hack their door luckily I can
shove a hamster in my ass
there you go there we go he died
bullshit we're in the freedom bowels
base be careful be careful
they're here to spy on working on know
what they have to say you really wish to
help the new kids switch franchises yes
no he's reading his mind they can't see
what you've been working on back there
what's he working on we can see if the
new kids intentions up here I always
gonna read my mind we're sending
Tupperware on a very important mission
today oh okay in the meantime I must get
back to my work all right we'll have fun
kitty whoa look every freedom passbook
selfie that's so fast
prove that you really want to be here
first okay we gotta prove that we are
true freedom pal by doing a stupid token
mission it's like a very important
mission okay is probably some dumb shit
oh I think we do the stupid dumb
performers were no old people whoa and
it makes me
okay Shady Acres okay oh my god oh my
goodness he's transforming into alright
alright guys I'm join us tonight our
mission to the police station that's
right these are the team Fred we'll see
you tonight don't know anyone we're
going to the police station okay
I feel bad on betraying them to the pool
there we go all right guys listen up
okay My Lord has discovered that the
freedom pills are infiltrating the
police station tonight yeah at
approximately 10:30 a.m. this morning
class II was arrested by the police
yes don't forget the new kid is all
buddy-buddy with freedom pals now let's
ORD can trick them into an assault on
the lower level of the police station
okay while we'll sneak in and bust
classy apps all right so little plan
killed and then who superhero franchise
would be number one Oh everyone get home
and get to bed we have a big job to do
tonight okay
oh shit it's a new mission guys followed
I mean what do you right now or do on
another class again with the puppy eyes
you're fucking kidding right now I just
think you know I just wanna know okay
absolutely not you cannot have another
class maybe you should have just one
more class that would be nice yeah
Marshall
okay another backstory you know you're
laying on pad yeah yeah walking hallway
yeah yeah and then he punched me in the
face then I go huh yeah let's activate
the dragon swagger ultimate okay just a
shield dragon dance oh my god oh oh shit
okay Ryan side the Panetta nominee and I
was too late
yep yep okay all right all right all
right let's now go home and yeah wait
till tonight
wait no did anyone go on down and eat
your supper - wait he didn't after
hearing that shit okay I'm sure my food
isn't drugged okay I'm sure my foods
just nice oh okay let's just go to bed
just not think about it go to bed oh
yeah is now time to go to the police
station break out classy and help the
freedom pals and the Kulin friends get
dressed and meet me out front
hurry the night awaits it's Kenny let's
change into the fucking vigilante aka
butthole
that's what people keep calling me when
you're just standing around at some kids
front yard mom dad you don't see me just
right in front of you uh guys the house
happened why is that missing part in
South Park what's going on people are
taking shits on other people's front
lawns get inside the police station
toolshed in the new kid we'll set up a
diversion and then regarding the South
Park Police no no no this is our
superhero mission freedom pass fuck you
guys have we all forgotten there's a
little girl in trouble in there
I suppose that just this once we should
put our petty differences aside no work
together we should all right mysterion
what's the plan what's the plan I think
some of us should cause a diversion Oh
make the cops head towards it so the
rest of us can sneak in without the cops
noticing good idea this is all pretty
coincidental did you guys just steal our
lead again innocent people are being
arrested Joseph that's all that matters
to us should be all that matters to you
oh man that's strong shit the police
Benedict okay Oh
out bring the coke okay we need to go
alright we create a diversion let's go
hello okay well he just shot so you
didn't see a coming well I did Oh she'd
be careful guys
oh okay they're all on cocaine hi
mysterion let us check out your ultimate
ability oh he's just a bomb and he's a
kamikaze bomb and how is it ghosts what
the shit is that okay we defeat the
policeman I love fighting in this game
all shit is the bad huh because you
think all cops do is harass black people
I do I know that to a young kid it can
seem like cops are racist and bigoted
but you can't believe what the media
tells you okay they need to pay homage
to our whole shit just a bunch of people
in jail I kind of arrested them I'm
sorry oh shit the police okay well I
know this fight is gonna take forever
all right took ages but I wanted like I
always do oh okay okay I know this looks
bad
yeah really bad really think cops just
go around arresting black people for no
reason
yeah it's reverse discrimination if we
were all black cops and our jails were
filled with white people nobody would
say a word
god damn it token what did I tell you
about playing too rough yeah I don't
care what you were defending you could
have gotten her but I saved you oh we
have to sneak past this guy okay
sneaky what's he doing getting lotion
for his hands oh shit he must have some
really dry hands waited to get the doors
imma have to shove a hamster up my arse
again he shot me wait apparently I
couldn't use my ask over here
oh he's gonna shove a hose pipe and make
me fart in the vents okay and then I
shoot the monitor and now he's dead okay
and now we can go through to the next
door let's go guys new kid
oh the cop is the slave Oh Oh a robot he
was told not to think for himself
oh the politicians who are the real
bigots that mayor has been sitting in
her office telling us we have to change
our ways uh-huh the only way to have her
removed was to raise crime in the
streets okay
and now cops are finally able to do
things the old way again okay for
everyone is it oh my god scrambles what
can I say you kids have me by the balls
Oh almost by the balls almost bad about
not every prisoner we have here is black
we actually do have one white guy oh and
I bet he's crazy
I bet he's crazy and we got to fight him
oh no I'm sorry kids but you left me no
choice
it's Jared
goddamnit Jared the subway guy you want
some candy
Oh as Jared the final boss battle this
pedo ass lookin man god no no the Fenian
Subway sandwiches oh okay great
he's healing yes I killed Jared stupid
subway guy what are the police doing
with the people arrested yeah Oh
prisoners go down there but they don't
come back come back your decision new
kid part of being a superhero is
deciding what to do in moments like
these uh no it's just father's space
okay yeah hello hello guess no one's
there or else they would have said
something me and you know leave
scrambles Lobby cats getting into the
toxic chemicals darn it that's not good
oh my god okay
okay well that's what happened with my
time okay thank you
sacrificing chub nigga Roth is an outer
guard kids who must be a piece and whose
coming was foretold by the great HP
Lovecraft but I supposed HP Lovecraft
was a racist do I think it was actually
yeah let's do this
Oh No the final battle against the shop
okay what the hell
oh my god what the hell about myself
with you oh my god what the hell is God
yeah we better go feed shovin or earth
white meat
okay well two of my guys are dead now I
think I messed up boom he's that I'm
more demon take out the guys oh okay I
am and that's dealing him damage because
he hates white ultimate attack that's
right
get rekt bitch okay I'm taking it down
slowly but surely I'm taking it down is
that it is he dead no oh my god oh my
god oh no is Timmy wanting to join our
side as a ruse yeah the new kid kind of
totally fucked you guys over the police
chief evil plan we deserve that hundred
dollar reward
no no what what fighting cuz I just
didn't spend half an hour you know doing
that one mission you know yeah they
almost do more now that's great hey yeah
okay one down oh he's friendly now yeah
okay two down yeah you comes on my team
again yeah oh he's down one more okay
yay Oh drop the fight Timmy Oh after
defeat dr. Timothy Oh deportation oh
wait I can just reverse this what am I
talking about
everyone's on my team now let's take out
dr. Timothy do it okay I think this is
it that's the end oh my goodness oh
Jesus Christ okay I think I beat him up
a bit too hard he was trying to help us
I'm sorry
Oh
what do you mean Timmy easy doc you've
taken a lot of him dr. Timothy was never
your enemy he was trying to help us all
Oh what uh franchise plan that involved
everyone each hero got their own movie
and TV series every hero mathematically
equal to the other
okay yes to you guys timmy was actually
trying to include us oh and if this kid
nearly killed him whoa whoa whoa if we
proved anything tonight it's that we are
the best when we are on together it's
too late we all wanted to be superheroes
for the same reason yeah to sell our
franchise and make millions of dollars
yeah
no more Civil War honestly Freedom House
is a way better name than CUNY friends
freedom freedom pal yay tomorrow we get
the reward money for scrambles yeah
start Timmy's franchise plan together
prenup Al's retribution there we go
South
parks or back to normal again okay
now wake up are we gonna find out what
happened like with my parents you know
because I feel like they're not telling
me everything
oh my god what does shit anyone good
morning an attack on the SP PD police
station last night as well with
prisoners now on the loose and policemen
in the hospital one member of the
Chamber of Commerce has had enough and
is announcing his bid for mayor okay oh
we can free ourselves from the anal
terrorism that has been forced upon us
my name is Mitch Conner and I enjoyed
this message
Jordana Africa babinicz corner hello hmm
okay okay pretend I never see that okay
guys I think I'm and the video there as
soon as it reached 10,000 likes I'm up
the next episode straightaway thank guys
so much for watching I'll see the next
video Baba
