now what we are doing today you guys
should not do at home we are doing
something very dangerous which you
cannot do we are doing this at our own
risk and we might even die tonight all
right so what we're gonna be doing today
is we are going to be ringing some
cursed phone numbers or I found an
article online that shows five numbers
that are apparently cursed warning these
numbers are said to be cursed and have
urban legends or creepy stories related
to it so whatever you do do not call
these numbers okay first number six six
six six six six six six six six that's
like a demon which other scary demon
that series gonna pick up the phone when
you call it yeah people all over the
world have been receiving creepy text
messages from the phone numbers six six
six six six six six of these numbers
come from the devil and in many cases
these calls do not show up on the form
next week okay shit we were in a car
going home when our friend received a
call on his cell phone from six six xxx
that he never picked up the phone and we
even joked about how the devil was
calling him from Helms will be several
minutes later he received a voicemail
now this was the oddest voicemail I have
ever heard it sounded like a hollow
voice and there was a lot of static in
the background we were only able to
determine a couple of words but it
scared the shit out of me well of course
is gonna be static he is coming from
Hell that's a pretty long distance yeah
six six six six six six six six
six all right I'm gonna click the bottom
three move one
be here
hello hello is anyone there
devil devil boy
listen devil I've come to talk to you
okay you ain't taking me alive devil you
come here now talk till you okay devil
you listening to me devil devil devil
say something you little pussy off bitch
nice pickup scared on the devil okay
dude it is an actual like dude okay it's
connected right now you're filming the
shit yeah okay it's connected and we're
about four seconds in I've had me think
hello devil are you that gonna be a
jump-scare man are you just think I
could I hope no I'm spooked okay she'll
put the phone down
I don't know how scary I thought I
wouldn't even go through but it went
through anyone picked up yeah well I
figured something would actually like be
said I didn't think it would just be
static and yeah dude that was scary I am
doing this on my phone number two so
like the devil might call me later on
I'm kind of scared dude this is what
this videos gonna be like it's gonna be
this scary to the last yeah this is fun
this is really scary according to an
urban legend in Thailand nein nein nein
nein nein nein nein is a cursed number
if you call it and make a wish your wish
will be granted but however you will die
soon afterwards in a freak accident okay
well don't make a wish then now the
thing is 999 in England is the police so
I'm pretty sure we just type in nein
nein nein nein nein nein nein nein the
plea or get devil you'll get double
police all right I'm calling it
it's calling yeah I wish for a pony all
right this isn't a number that you can
ring but apparently there's this thing
called red numbers so apparently if
someone calls you and their number is
red apparently that is a cursed phone
call or a death call if you answer the
call you will hear a high-frequency
signal that would cause you to have
brain problems killing you instantly
there were reports that dozens of people
had already been killed by answering
from these since of numbers who reported
it and how do they know or guys if you
get a phone call and the numbers in red
do not pick up or you might just die
okay the next one in Japan the number
zero nine oh four four four four four
four was known as mister couple fours
did I this number was known as a dokos
number Sudoku I love doing Sudoku if you
call the number you were supposed to be
able to hear some strange creepy noises
they say that anyone who calls the
number will die within a week in some
titled accident in Japan the number for
shi shi sounds like the word for death
okay so Sadako whatever her name was was
the ghost from the ring movies oh god is
that what that's from zero nine zero
four four four four four four four four
okay
the number okay okay it's calling it
just they just went they just straight
ended that that's really that wasn't
even like at this numbers not organized
like yo it's like as if I called and
then the person just hung up on me yeah
and for it could ring yeah dude I don't
care I'm calling that number again I
don't think you want to make the demons
mad I don't care about the demons okay
I'm calling again and what's what's to
be afraid do they keep hanging up on me
ah keeps K keeps ending the call this is
really annoying oh my goodness ringing
if it ripped it
hello oh my god
oh that's creepy
bye screams hello are you there I'm
Brandon hello turn it off do you
turn it off dude hang up seriously oh
okay okay I think that was from the
movie that sounded like it was from the
movie okay I think is that she's just a
sound effect I don't care this late at
night I do not want to be hearing that
stuff useless oh my god really way I
hate that movie or apparently in 2010
the phone numbers 0 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8
was suspended after the three previous
owners of the phone number all died the
first to die was Vladimir crashing of
the who died of cancer which was
apparently caused by radioactive
poisoning the phone numbers then given
to Constantine dmitrov Constantine I'm
sorry who was shot dead while on a date
the final owner of the number was
Constantine decied Eve who was shot dead
while eating London are Russian names Oh
8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 okay here we go
oh well because the person is dead
that's why boys first next number is
apparently 1 billion in some Asian
countries people claim that the phone
number 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 was cursed
if you called it you would hear a male
voice telling you that if you did not
call 15 people or more and tell them
about the cursed number you will die
it's a chain letter it's a chain of
numbers a chain letter to train them I
thought we were done with these
1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 cool this is not
many of real number
oh my god it's calling it's calling it's
calling what wise tesco picking up in
the USA apparently the number 666 is the
devil's number okay yeah six six six oh
my god oh my god oh my god oh my god I'm
so scared do it hello
and now right now I'm done I'm done no
devil oh my god
it's just random oust noises I don't
understand
dude that's I don't care it's probably
it's probably a recording but like I'm
not down this late at night I do not
want anything to do with this oh he hung
up on me I don't like that now I'm fine
with me ringing a number but but someone
ringing me back yeah that's so weird
I don't know how would you even set that
up like if that's fake how do you even
said oh there's no I actually freak me
out cuz it's because that means someone
now knows my number and has that as I've
written down somewhere
yeah because they've calling me back
they see so many but they've tracked my
number and now we're gonna call me it's
no it's like some kind of automated
system it has to be I don't know how you
what if they call me again they run off
this video no that's actually really
disturbing I do not I do not like that
at all okay guys I think I've had enough
okay this is something not to do at 3:00
a.m. okay but yeah they guys are
watching do not try to home but wherever
yeah or app' alright thanks for watching
guys bye bye
