hello everyone how's the wrongdoing as
much as over today we are back yet again
with Southfork and the fractured bumhole
I should have caught a bum how not
butthole I would have been funny okay
the last episode we went to a strip club
and yeah trying to find this lost cat
still don't really know what's going on
and now the news program that starts
your day off right yeah good morning
good morning good morning South Park no
a new vigilante took to the streets last
night and has apparently taken down the
fam bony crime family
oh here with more is a midget in a
bikini Tom I'm standing outside security
camera footage showed a young person
farting in people's face balls it was
just terrified maybe someone's finally
standing up - what's wrong with this
city yeah these new kids a hero I'm a
role how long before he or she kills an
innocent person how long before
daredevil becomes the Punisher huh
godammit course the question on their
minds now who is the fostering vigilante
this is going to make us look bad what
you fucked up was enough Walt this kid
just came into the restaurant and
started fighting like there was no
tomorrow
Italian mob everything has to be
discreet and quiet or people are gonna
learn the truth oh oh and we put the
product into people's drugs and alcohol
in order to create more crime more
crying oh my god
clearly there's some crime shit
happening with the cat is apparently
drug now I know what's going on you guys
do anything interesting last night no
usual just watch some TV and rent a bed
oh you've got a big day ahead of you new
kid get changed into your superhero
costume and wait for a message from the
keys in the can
let's now change into a superhero we
need to interrogate Jimmy oh this girl
still here so I won't find a face go oh
hey new kid the Coon told me he wants
you to question the witness so go ahead
all right let's go oh wait I can't talk
in this game anything I can't talk oh
that's smart
using the silent treatment can really
make a witness aunty until you get my
prescription I ain't telling you little
heroes all right we'll have to go get
some shit huh huh but before you go back
out in the world I want to show you
something that might help your
crime-fighting
whoa what the hell is this you can't go
ahead and stand in the DNA simulated in
DNA flip away uh-oh Michael what the
hell is this oh my god okay they want
meters equip a bunch of shit yeah I
don't care okay well I just got stronger
I guess by Laquisha of your name was all
right in a second I need to get this
ghost stupid medication for us is it
down this alley one if the Hooters girls
you made a real mistake when you attack
oh do be mean and yes Right punch women
in the face wait whoa Rebecca oh my god
so it's about stuff someplace okay I
guess we're done hello don't worry
I'm unfriending their instagrams
exponentially whoa assemblies think
girls don't make good superheroes I've
known you were a girl since the day you
moved here a bit why do you lead
everyone to believe you're a boy uh
because uh look you've got problems new
kids whatever you did last night got a
lot of people's attention
you had people there's a crime boss
who's been calling the shots here in
South Park and now that person is
planning to run for office
oh no I'm tracking everyone's instagrams
and Facebook's and will continue to
cross-reference with tumblr while
monitoring Twitter and LinkedIn just
know you can rely on old girls but I
won't dude go in too bad new kid miners
aren't allowed in a place like that of
course you aren't just any minor
I'm not Morgan Freeman hello what's in
the boot of that car a cheesy shrimp
burrito okay looks like I need to cross
this dumb shit and collect these two
dumb shit items okay hello sir can I get
yourself super-spicy City Schwinn Jordan
thank you thanks for coming over here as
if stupid cousin again being a stupid
ass to be the Shaolin again I think I oh
I have developed these super sensors
which will make it almost impossible for
him to beat us up this time Oh God meet
your doom evil bully case sorry but I
have to be up again I'm supposed to
attack now right okay Oh mother was he
doing Oh My yes okay that does it and
now human kite shall use his Hebrew
faithful upon the power of the wind
oh no perhaps I no longer have my kite
but I still have my super weapon
Yeah right oh god Tommy Jesus Christ
he's powerful this is all my fault the
human kite is about saving people not
about Judaism and love my kite up in a
tree
you are going to let your cousin play
with you from now on God is that clear
oh boy Kyle and Gina says I get to play
with now get your cousins kind out of
that tree you've got to get the kite
down oh my god alright now that I've
unlocked that call I can now get on the
roof of skeeters wine bar okay and I can
take the cheese okay now let's craft
this cheesy shrimp burrito yay don't be
shy don't be shy what does it do all
right here goes nothing I guess
what's gonna happen time I pause okay so
I can now pause time with my thoughts
okay that's nice oh it's a going time
and then I press this level and now I
can go through all right
I see you've also come to assist in
assuring classes cooperation yes hello
we're picking up some medicine for a
friend
yeah medicine is your friend looking for
an energizing mental feeling or more of
a full body hi I don't know over our
expert budtender who can help you out
hey you want to get high to rehab yeah
dude but now back in South Park clean
and sober almost I don't miss it
good see you and you work here in a pot
store now huh helping people cure their
insomnia back pain migraines and stress
now I got a kid with my ladies so I can
better to stay on the straight and
narrow you know having taxis of traffic
and a wife breathing down my neck now
look apartment but Sally we got a leak
why can't you fix it I'm not a plumber
bitch I'm not a fucking plumber okay
we're here to pick up my friends yeah go
east and ride with a classy yeah classy
with a wire with
Clint hanging off it coming around it's
a classy with a dick hanging off the I
that's fucking the L out of the air
session with the old G mellow blister
mellow it's cool relax no it is not
nothing cool I'm trying to run a
legitimate business here and my back
hurts I can't sleep I got no appetite
nigga top it off I got a couple of
little dick liquors coming in the back
door oh my god okay please just defeat
slow Batali oh my god why do I fight
these weed guys now okay I think I need
to burn the weed to calm tally down and
get high okay we calmed him down by
getting him high yeah this is for classy
throw in a couple hash nuggets and a
deep purple shatter on the house thank
you you're selfish stupid oh okay just
take your bloody weave go is you story
it's the you Stewart in the Northeast
attempt or as he says the cats are being
taken day okay all right Kate classy
safe I'll get back to you guys soon okay
I have to go to the micro brewery for
some reason I'm not just gonna sit here
and do nothing while you insult this
man's ethnicity did you or did you not
say that this man seemed tired he's my
friend I said Paulo you look tired
oh no persons of Hispanic backgrounds
have been stereotyped as being sleepy
and saying they look tired as a
microaggression that will not Stern but
I am tired waiting in you you're the new
kid right I was told you wanted to talk
to me about some race issues yeah okay
come at me okay
wait whoa fight ye it's a nice day isn't
it I sure oh my god oh my god well you
can't just attack for no reason
try again I ate a hamburger last week
that was also not a microaggression all
right everybody listen up
I'm about to use a microaggression but
is only for the use of training this
young person my friend Brian looks like
a chick oh not only is the word chick
derogatory to females but also
criticizing a male for looking feminine
as a micro aggression towards personal
transgender god damnit mr. Yamashiro is
actually a very good driver
micro aggression so using the term
actually infer that maybe other Asian
Americans are not gonna drive you get
out there and do some PC work for me
I'll let you know when I think you're
ready wait wait what the hell I got a
social justice warrior certificate okay
I guess we learn about ethnicity and
race and shit okay I partly have a
mission that I need to go to the police
station and talk to a sheriff excuse me
you're the one who made the news last
night huh wait that's the guy that's
evil I guess we can give our little
junior detective a special kitty case to
work out there's somebody new to town
shake out the crime families okay a
kingpin of crime it wants to control all
the drugs in the city I need you to go
in and neutralize them neutralize it if
you take out the drug kingpin we'll give
you this junior detective badge okay
thank you oh no it's it's a black guys
family it's like a regular to to me
don't know criminal the drug dealer you
know no drug dealer I don't know what
you're doing in my house I'm sorry okay
sorry about that
turns out that scum you fucked up is
just the low guy on the totem pole
the real kingpin is over here this
mobile hacking device will help you
bypass the security system right why are
they making a kid to all this dark
meadows oh no not this time sir not this
time please move the fuck along okay all
right we're gonna fight the security
team how nice is that I will not be
humiliated again this time I got backup
wait why he's got dog he's with him I'm
not being up no dog all right let's see
mosquitoes a special ultimate attack
whoa whoa he's summoning the mosquito oh
my god that was cool
yay I beat the security team oh my god
these guys were so strong okay okay yeah
I can hear you yeah just hang on a sec
and then you just then here there and
then I don't know what's going on guys
but I'm doing something
maybe it's my middle name my middle name
okay so I tell you what let's just look
up your account profile and get a new
password for you yes freedom pals base
it's the freedom pals base holes house
home can't afford this one here oh he's
got a temper on him but okay I have a
feeling I'm just you know find these
guys just because that black this is a
no drug dealer this is tokens dad okay
sorry telogen bad brilliant work here oh
we're really getting into the program
Oh guys alright what now Stu please man
work on clearing that kingpin little
crime stop okay all right I got the
detective thing is that it that's what
that's all he gave me after all that
shit okay guys I think I'm gonna end the
video there as soon as it reached 10,000
likes I'm up till next episode straight
away thank I starts watching I'll see
the next video ba ba mmm
