oh hello everyone how's everyone doing
as much as our fate today we are gonna
be rapping to some more sad animations
okay this first animation is called
barely there and it was made by Hannah
Lee now apparently this is the saddest
video you will ever watch in this video
alright Ringling College of Art Design
oh my god this is where all the really
good animations come from like the
really talented ones
okay the polar bear walk okay what
suppose gonna happen the polar bears
looking for his mummy oh no guys this is
going to take a sad turn I just know it
okay I'm sure what we find
polar bears just looking for his mom and
then over on his mom is probably out go
and get food okay that's that that's
what's happened right oh no no no put
that gun away put that gun away
right now sir don't tell me it's just
not gonna kill us no no no okay no gimme
the snow gave over hey oh okay it's fine
he's like he just slipped and fell oh
this polar bear so cute don't tell me
and it's gonna happen to this guy I
swear to god it says mom oh my god oh no
just that's the guy with the gun
that's the guy with the gun no
No okay is he safe I think he's safe
guys oh no I finally found you oh wait
found you what you mean is the mom
inside polar bear hey Lana you'll never
believe what happened
dissemble compute but you weren't there
oh my god oh my oh my oh my god oh shit
oh my god I'm actually for like oh my
god I'm actually okay for the first time
I'm like about to tear up that that has
to be like the saddest thing I've ever
seen okay I was excited for this
recording you know I don't usually
actually get sad for these videos but
holy shit that 2 minute animation oh my
god the the his mum died and he didn't
you know what's sad about it though is
that the the polar bed the hink studies
mum's okay you know his mum got stuffed
and put into a rug oh my god that is
some sad shit guys oh my god that was
sad alright we pretty much started with
the saddest animation but this next one
is called paulius and it was made by ice
art digital okay now let's watch this
one alright so I thought digital
presents a video game school this is a
video game this could be a video game
guys a lot of like like animate a lot of
trailers for video games are animated
through like CGI and stuff like that so
um this could be a gaming one it looks
like a war game if it was a game Poli
as' yeah this kind of reminds me of like
world war ii i want to say with some of
the battlefields or maybe world war one
yeah probably world war one that's the
one that had trenches in it ah
no they're bunnies the bunnies are going
to war is that what this thing is
ah no that's makes even sadder
I mean the war was already sad but now
with cute little bunnies wait so this
team has bunnies is the enemy's bunnies
too always playing with harmonica
oh man he's playing his harmonica to try
and lift the Spirit because the spirit
in the trenches were bad okay he's the
general Oh No
the generals like come on guys you have
to run over the top shit guys there was
something like a 99% death rate if you
went over the top of the trenches oh no
the general Oh destroyed the one thing
he added and time to get all over the
top there's more is going on everywhere
balls are flying Oh No if anything
happens this bunny - okay I'm sure I'll
be fine
oh no nobody oh he's alive he's alive
that God is alive fighting you need to
get up buddy
get the hell up okay this world war
buddy
oh no guys this is meant to be a sign of
a nation so
to get it they're gonna be really sad
now did he like shoot like his friend or
something
bunny are the bunnies so cute I feel so
bad
did he kill him oh it was just a guy
with a gas mask
oh no he killed him
it was a girl is that a girl bunny he's
had a girl she has a harmonica just like
him
Oh
he's just playing harmonica she's out in
the open Oh Oh her buddy had it oh shit
they're all hearing it all no generals
were happy mine it must be so hard to
take someone's life like that oh my god
oh my god what is with his animations
today was sad as shit and now this one
alright the wall was already sad enough
but replaced the people with bunnies how
sad is that
oh man okay alright I was super excited
to record this video but you know what
I'm actually I'm gonna cry I'm gonna cry
any second now alright if these
animations get sadder
I will definitely cry alright now this
third animation is called witness
alright in those made by Alexandre
Berger Christ ivory and Hugo risen ok
let us go see their amazing amazing work
lick hole George's Mellon present ok I'm
guessing heard that's a that's a French
animator okay so we've got a dude out of
grave
and some sad music damn you just know
that it's like is its girlfriend or his
wife you know witness saw I love these
elevations I love it when it's got like
a really deep dark meaning these
animations have all been great so far
okay so I'm guessing it's his family no
way is his son dead too his wife and son
don't know how does the little baby boy
dies is he living alone or I can tell he
smokes a lot of cigarettes and family
destroyed a woman and a son were found
dead at their home last night were they
murdered look he's got it he's got it
all planned out oh my god they were
murdered guys murderers identity a scar
along his face whoa his family were
murdered guys are we gonna find out what
happened on that night maybe well maybe
we're gonna find out that who the killer
is
oh dude this animation is only five
minutes okay so I'm excited all right so
we're gonna see some some twists and
turns in the next couple of minutes all
right is that a bar small kingdom
cigarettes don't smoke cigarettes by the
way kids all right
oh man he must be so lonely without his
family it's like the worst thinking
experience
it's um who's in that car
Oh oh my God look look that's his wife
Scott that's his wife's necklace from
the picture oh my god oh my god he's got
he's getting visions oh dude you need to
chase that car you need to chase that
card that that person just murdered
murdered your wife
oh he's got a gun is he gonna kill him
no no way I'm so excited for this one I
am so excited for this most goodnight
what's he gonna do he's gonna shoot him
of course he's gonna kill him get
vengeance we'll ask him why why did why
did you kill my wife dude that is not
cool
ah does he know that that you're being
followed guys he knows he knows he's
coming for him he's trying to lure him
out what the bodies found duct homies
gonna find the body here or something
Oh God be careful dude I don't want you
to die - that's even sadder
oh my god be careful be careful be
careful be careful
oh my god
what the hell what
No
is his wife with the hell
what the shit I thought he murdered his
wife how can he murder his wife when he
murdered his wife is it like this
ongoing cycle is he like haunted the is
he fight like haunted by the fact that
he couldn't save his wife and what about
the kid dude that would negate I was not
expecting that
so did he murder his wife by accident
then okay that is some like weird
psychological loop but I love tight shit
okay and none of you guys were expecting
that I bet none of you guys were
expecting that to happen
Jesus Christ where did that come from
these animations today have been
absolutely amazing this could probably
be like the best and reacting to
animations video we've done so far Jesus
or it's time for the very last animation
now this one is 10 minutes long okay I
think I might shorten it down
but it was caught it's cook but it's
called Geist and it was made by giant
animation studios okay now this was a
bit longer so bear with me but I think
it's good apparently is good okay
Geist now Oh God
okay I read the description and
apparently it's about a fisherman so why
is he out side with the rain did his
ship crash or something I'm guessing
where is he
oh shit crashed oh okay how's this gonna
be sad I'm wondering okay oh god he's
injured are you okay dude
alright I'm sure he's fine I'm sure he's
fine oh he crashed near a house we're
going the house then get shelter not for
help yeah to read you dude
save yourself oh it's locked no hello
anyone that why is it sad I don't
understand why this is sad hello anyone
home
No hey around the side you know guys I
don't know I don't know what to think so
far by the way this animation looks
great look at that shit yeah bust open
dude you need to help I'm so they've got
mine ah
anyone home
okay they look like butter and fruit on
the table so someone has to be home okay
someone's clearly living here okay so I
could observe that no good thing you got
miss yourself there all right now I I
don't trust this panel nation cuz I
heard it's a sad one but right now I'm
thinking to myself how is it sad Jesus
Christ the person that lives it's a
bloody Pig piggy piggy poo clean up your
goddamn dishes dude
discuss them absolute is costing alright
I'm kind of scared like is this this
doesn't feel like a horror one but so
much silence is it sighs it's like a
murderer living here or something okay
take it easy dude all right take it easy
oh it's a mission looks great look at
that so much detail uh-oh it's a
footsteps
guys oh we spoke hello help say help so
they know that you're not in you're not
a danger to them help God he's not
saying anything okay
oh you have to shout out help because
then they know that you don't you're not
here to solve attack them cuz you did
just pray get to the house you know it's
so dark I can't see anything
hello what's going on okay he didn't go
upstairs why don't you go upstairs if
you heard footsteps upstairs wouldn't
you go upstairs to check out the noise
instead of just you know dry off and run
another fire and make yourself soup I
think okay receiving only one on this
Fisher boat is he like a lonely Fisher
man I'm guessing so you know you didn't
look out for survivors or anything he
was on the boat itself looks like okay
think he's injured oh god he is injured
look at that car oh how do you manage
that our third touch it out you got you
gotta clean the wound
first off guys ah yeah clean the wound
and then bandage it up if that ever
happens to you guys okay in the wound
with rubbing alcohol now she don't go do
that don't actually don't know what it
is yeah I'm just pretending I'm okay oh
my god guys someone's upstairs
how was it scary I mean how is his sad
more scary oh my god oh my god hello the
radio he didn't turn that on that wasn't
on before
guys I don't trust this turn it off okay
guys it's how just bear with me okay
because I this is sad oh my god Jesus
Christ oh my god okay that was scary
okay sorry I'm expecting some scary shit
so when that happened I'm like Oh God
but it's just a storm okay oh my god
that scared the hell out of me no one's
outside dude it's the storm it was the
wind
wink why would you even go outside
that's scary oh god what's gonna happen
hello
oh my god oh but as a person it's fine
oh god oh god always about that that's
good
please see someone
oh my god did you guys see that shadow
it looked like a person oh my god this
site there's someone inside there's
someone inside who's inside didn't huh
they made dinner you've seen anyone he's
been in this place all day guys I saw
something oh no dr. Mazar scary don't
tell me this is scary I did this isn't
scary animations as his side animations
Dom don't scare me don't scare me don't
skin your skin without skin hello is
there no lights in this place turn on
the light dude oh oh my
it's a mum and a child what what the
hell they were just chilling up stop
upstairs that's not as his wife and son
is it is it say something
whoa was here it was imagining that if
this is family is it
the family left the house to go on the
ship
this is his old house where its family
usually oh my god
oh my god hit oh my goodness family live
on the ship save your family oh my god
this what happened guys if this ship
would put on my god
would they go
go
all my god
and the Sun oh my god the family died on
the ship of course he wasn't running
that ship alone he was running it with
his family that was his old home and he
convinced his family to move onto the
ship and become fishermen but then there
was a massive fire and they ended up
dying and and and where they crashed was
their old home is that it
whoa
that was insane I wrapped that whole
thing I was like I have no idea why this
is sad you know but owning those last
couple of minutes you then find out oh
my god this is his old home and like
greatest family used to live and like
you then find out this whole different
part of the story oh my god okay these
animations today have been so amazing
that is the all of them has blown my
mind that has been amazing okay guys I'm
gonna end the video there now if you
want me to keep doing this as a regular
series 20,000 likes I will upload
another reacting to animations video
okay I do have some more animations to
react to left
so if you want to see that 20,000 likes
I'll do that anyway guys thank you so
much for watching I'll see in the next
video ba ba
