oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
it is messy so fair
halloween is coming up so today we are
interacting to some more spooky poopy
animations the first animation is called
Francis a story about something spooky
let us watch it
we start off in a dark spooky city
Francis on the Billboard scary spooky
animations on point so far is that a
little girl
oh no if when I was a kid in the suburbs
of Chicago Oh adventure meant quite a CO
Provincial Park up on the border of
Minnesota in Canada the name implies the
place was small but Quetta Co is a
million acre nature preserve so big you
could go days and days without seeing
another soul I'll go on camping trips up
there oh itself knowing and portaging
how small bears and moose and deer most
leaping bear stars soaked skies the park
was isolated and so pristine could
actually drink the water straight from
the lakes
oh no that I won't be going back to
Quantico any time soon
what would happen to another what
happened to a girl named Frances
Brandywine or what happened to all she
went camping all know what's gonna
happen to us she's gone Kansas was 17 at
the time 17 go oh no I carried him with
a reckless nature she smoked determined
always to leave the well-trodden path
all break new ground and be alone oh who
breathed some years ago focus was up in
quite a
with her family well family were in a
remote part of the park camped on the
shore of one of the deeper lakes up all
lonely body of water carved millions of
years ago by a passing glacier oh oh
deep part of this particular Lake was
rumored to be about 300 feet 300 feet
buddy pool one night after her family
went to bed Francis took the rowboat out
okay
she took the wing to find a quiet spot
in the middle of the lake Oh No lay on
the bench of the boat look up with the
sky and maybe riding her journal oh god
that scared she left the shore I would
never do that
she the wall about 20 minutes satisfied
that she was over the lakes deepest spot
she's oh my ghoul a down on the bench
looked up at the night sky oh that's not
a very bright she's smoking no place for
what God smoking that sky was feeling
very peaceful peaceful but that's what
range it was like a nook all she sat up
guessing that the boat had drifted to
shore Alive's round but she looked
around the boat and she was still a half
a mile from shore uh-oh who's the leader
of my side to see if she did anything
oh no she saw nothing she's old not the
log the rocks but then but gently back
down she told herself it could be any
number of things
yes turtle face it was a boat I did not
want the boat that's a fishy okay chief
I asked again and soon try to a
contention on every okay
just relax she had just cleared the
words when she heard another knock all
alone his demos louder crispy hard that
is not a fish
okay except this knocking was coming
from the bottom of the boat
now she was scared cause if she leaned
over this side again where to go got to
be an animal oh no they're gonna drop
what a kind of animal would not click on
the doctor quick loud knocks in rapid
succession her mouth went dry
she held on to each side Walt notionally
waiting to see if it happened together
all all silence stretched out guys a few
minutes passed she just did she began to
think she'd imagined it all the knocks
came again oh and this time louder now
I'll call you to go p-- she had to leave
she got them in place and began with
always busy so she should have made
quick progress yeah what about mommy
feverishly she lived around
and she realized that she wasn't moving
at all mover something was keeping her
exactly where she was again she tried
rowing she rolled and wrote on the verge
of tears but she went nowhere oh my god
she stopped she was exhausted she's
really breathing filled the air
she's stuck there she sobbed she's
crying oh no she found herself again and
the boat was silent again for ten
minutes
oh okay and twenty thread and she
tricked herself into thinking she'd
imagined at all before just when she was
beginning to get a grip on hers oh no he
came again this is not the bass drum
knock now she was so shaken she started
making questionable decisions and the
first ways to lower one of the oars into
the black water trying to feel all there
was some landmass even some creature she
could touch don't do the honors Eeyore
broke the water surface though staying
silent tug at the other end while
Michaels pulled under Oh dreamed she
jumped back oh just and now she had no
options there's no hope
who's gonna do she can't swim go well
she could do was sit and hope
oh and wait to go to eat for them all
you do that if I was not positioned
knowledge so everyone was blah Blee
power to do to happen what we doing on
through the night she passed the time
writing in her notebook Oh God
and it's only because of this notebook
that we know what happened that night
Francis can't tell us she was never seen
again
whoa but was found on shore the next day
empty but for the journal on those pages
were her frantic jottings
all already in her distinctive
handwriting all but the last page when
the journal was found that page was
still wet she's on it were four words
for walking as if they've been written
quickly with a muddy finger walk they
said what do they say I did knock first
I did knock first
what did did she know the monster did
the monster write down the wallet oh
shit okay that wasn't like jump-scare
scary that was kind of like spooky
poopies kind of scary okay because my
first thought oh the seventeen-year-old
girl
smoking that's what that smoking girl
gets bloody going in that words all the
by ourselves what goes in the woods
camping by themselves okay do not
abandon your mom and dad okay
that you just asking for it all right
stupid god Francis
you deserve to die you City go yeah can
someone explain that to me in the
comment section because who wrote that
in the journal I don't think I get it
guys can you explain to me all right so
now this next spooky animation is called
power somnium now I believe parasomnia
is a sleep disorder where spooky things
happen when you are sleeping okay it was
made by the lis AAA in Paris but let us
watch it
so Mia it's already spooky with the
bloody a smoke coming in screen okay I'm
guessing it's gonna be a bad guy who
can't sleep okay so his drawing shit
okay he's tied yawning
live like everyone just then okay he's
gonna sleep okay
he was just drawing something spooky did
you guys see that he was drawing
something spooky on screen 3:23 there's
a wait pause beddy-time through 24 go to
bed man
oh he's sleeping okay now what's so
scary about sleeping okay the guys is
gonna go to bed
sleepy by up what was that uh guys I
think he's seeing something on the road
what is that what up up dog chubs gammy
do not talk what mods oh my god he's
seeing it is that real
oh my god it's coming in the room what
is that oh my god oh shit oh oh dude oh
my god what is that is that is that is
nervous just I don't know what's going
on
oh god I hate that really it's like you
know something's in the room it's up it
is oh I think oh my god he's chomping it
was a dream oh shit look at the time
he's still 324 all that happened in a
minute
ah all that happened in a minute damn
that must suck so badly if you just
can't sleep like a baby okay so my head
hits the pillow
I'm so sorry with anyone with sleeping
disorders man that must absolutely suck
babies or it's this next spooky
animation is called Camila all right now
let us watch it uh we got to go
listening to music in bed again I hate
these ones you know the have in your
bedroom spooky shit happens in your
bedroom man all right this girl's listen
to some rock'n'roll music all right on a
phone just chill
oh man I hate when you're listening to
music cuz you just can't hear anyone
around you oh my god oh my god I hate
that beeping that your phone does did
you guys get that the lights are going -
what was that thumping that must've been
really loud if she heard it
Oh watch them what else could you say no
seriously is that actually a monster
hole is that you should never do
something I don't know what he's going
on
it got me call oh she wants to read
according it oh shit it's a prank call
what's going on
oh my god okay she's okay wait as she
got like schizophrenia or some shit that
she has to take pills to sort of avoid
is that is that what is that what it is
Oh God so I think I think she's like
she's got something wrong with other she
has to take pills for oh god that's like
it's like hidden meanings behind that oh
okay that was quite sure but damn poor
little girl okay she's got something
wrong with her which you have to take
pills for okay guys so if you don't mind
I only found a few animations but I did
find some really cool
spooky short films okay so they're in
real life ones but they're still very
spooky okay keep watching because this
one's called the sunny family conch
sounds scary is watching all right April
fun origins of the sunny family called
which is no
one of the most mysterious murder cults
in American history can be traced back
to April Fool's Day in 1982 April Fool's
Day this happened the Scots go for a
piss in the middle of nowhere
oh he's gonna die okay Oh Oh pip ever
played April Fool's we're gonna kill you
okay I think this was based on a real
story guys April Fool's is that it
suddenly I said on the letter oh I got
gonna change oh my god choking him buddy
stop it it was a girl
the last reported sunny killing was in
2015 in the northern Iowa town of
Bettendorf whoa that's a guy in a girl
are they a couple murdering people
uh-oh now its present day crazy thing is
they're still out there whatever it's
just an urban legend they tell kids so
they don't do anything crazy
on April Fool no my parents actually
told me it was real oh it was that guy I
would have just killed them all
it's why you carry a gun on you guys
dude what are you talking about you know
this stupid man guns are super lame
anyway oh no you're right yes what does
it do Mendoza
I don't either gonna protect you yeah oh
god shut up you stupid boy truth or dare
guys okay I'll go first
I'll go first yeah sure I know you could
kiss me I was gonna say I bet truth
again to the death yeah I dared to kiss
me it's what's good you know you know
what's gonna be he's a horny teenage boy
I dare you to do seven minutes of heaven
with you don't know no it's fine I want
you bloody of all okay so for seven
minutes okay this is gonna turn really
bad I know buddies oh sure your buddy
address aggressive actually like you
okay oh god these kids are gonna get it
all good I can I show us oh sorry
oh this game sucks oh this game sucks
yeah it goes okay okay uh I hope these
kids gonna be very PG can't show any
dirt check out my channel okay what's
happening in the cupboard oh my god oh
no is she gonna she gonna kill it hey
he's dead
she could it's not even funny
I think it is Aaron this isn't cool man
she used to murder wrong but did you
notice my girlfriend she's just gonna
murder member
wait what's that murdering couple oh my
god she actually killed him he's just
dripping with blood Oh No what would you
do that situation if you found out your
best friend if you found out your best
writer just murdering people that's
funny
almost April Fool's let up how stupid oh
my god
the marketing
to see that shit come on tell me if you
don't have to do this
no it's just so much fucking fun though
it just sucks
Levi any cute oh my god I feel bad - you
were like the only woman in your son
it's super cool what up why don't you
join us
we're like a family people say it's a
cult but it's more of a family it's a
baby you had so much fun together she
wants him to join us
I mean he liked me I do all do like he
likes a man again
Taylor we got to go get the cops we can
fix this doesn't be fine oh no mom and
dad that it's a cult - Taylor I told you
strangle don't stab oh never listen
stabbing so much more fun though
looks like we're gonna need a lot more
bleach I did good though right good
you're a real part of the family now
honey you know what I think we should do
a family portrait family
that's going to take a selfie with all
the dead bodies the sunny family cold
okay is that is that based on a real
story guys couldn't can you tell me or
as next short film is called look see
okay and I think it's about a monster
with no eyes or some shit I don't know
let's watch it what is that guy got no
ice oh my god okay so we've got a woman
is looking to be hiding from someone she
went to the play
toilets uh-oh if you yourself cannot
release then it will come to take apiece
a piece of work visa did B oh no that's
scary music oh no a ring what happened
is that a husband what about your
husband did you kill her husband and now
the husband's gonna get revenge oh my
god oh she's not alone in the bathroom
guys she's not alone in the bathroom are
you scared
whose shoes is that uh oh yeah yeah you
yeah potato not in that she's putting
her shoes on on the toilet so she can't
see he can't see from below
oh god that scary Oh careful don't make
any noise
she's gonna look over she's gonna look
over she's gonna look over hello
where do you go
hello guys
Oh is he gone with the ring will grab
the ring it's like go to the rich it's a
sacred brick let go flushed it down the
toilet why what happened to a husband is
it a cursed ring oh my god she's washed
it down the toilet
that was rigged guys I like this so many
questions but I don't go any answers
okay makes you think all right a week in
the clip I feel like we're in the clip
maybe not oh my god the doors open uh-oh
doesn't look good
he's gone
oh my god no oh my god she has the ring
oh my god so many questions I like that
one
Oh oh that was cool alright so that's
next to a film again it's a short one
but it's called Marco Polo okay again
we've got a guy in ago oh oh it's just a
motion sensor
nobody's so sure we're good oh god let's
get naked oh oh they're in a pool of
course it's called Marco Polo all right
so that do they sneak into someone's
pool what Oh buddy hope look this has
got to be one of the last four pools in
town what the law school was in town I
can open them again until I'm touching
your skin oh that's hot steam is a sexy
this guy would rather play Marco Polo
some children's game hey man kiss this
bloody beautiful sexy go loose up okay
you know what's gonna happen guys
defect Marco but you guys have played
Marco Polo in the pool you have to close
your eyes and guess where they are okay
you really know what's gonna happen oh
the go is gonna die and he's gonna have
his eyes closed
he's gonna open them as gonna boot
that's how you know you know you know
what's happening okay
hello wait for it he's gonna die Marco
show film so sure you know what's gonna
happen okay
and it's like polo where is she pony
moko there's no polo hoof
all the lights turned off and then in
haze of water monster Oh motions I took
on no wonder why it was an empty pool
and no one was in there he's because
it's a bloody spooky haunted pool and
something about there's something about
there's something about skin white lost
short-film now is something called one
please all right now this looks kind of
scary but I don't know I haven't washed
it all right we've got some chopping
looks like it Oh a satellite something
else there okay she's chopping celery I
mean uh onions panel is okay
probably something okay and it's got dad
over there sitting there smoking his
pipe reading his newspaper all right
this looks like it was set in like the
60s or some shit because uh you know
they all dressed weird and shit okay so
what's happening oh my god what happened
to his fingers what da hell he's only
got he's missing these two fingers
what happened to his fingers okay I feel
like they showed me up for a reason
right got a little girl wait is this
what I'm missing her fingers too look I
can't tell if she's just doing that or
how the fingers actually missing okay oh
no okay I is a little girl here is that
an ice-cream van
oh he's the ice-cream man gonna bloody
kidnap her up
go be careful okö there's a clown
there's a creepy canal and pop with that
edge scream ban that's freaky oh no guys
he's hit someone's gonna kidnap her oh
no he's gonna kidnap her oh oh run girl
run yes ready buddy gal there Jesus
Christ her you need to go kidnap stupid
girl okay
oh no she might be going in to get some
money off mummy yeah so what she's gonna
happen you know she's like yep stupid
girl
coming in asking for someone with more
money for ice cream again I look at her
so cute
why are they talking it's guy fine I'll
find that really weird they're not
talking it's freaking me out and the way
she's cutting it is really like freaking
me out too
I feel really at ease I mean uneasy you
know Oh cutie is Shiva not gonna say
anything
oh god oh my god oh she could hook up oh
she cutting our ponytails
ah okay that was wait I thought she's
been like no sing like stop a door or
something okay um and then she's tying a
knot from oh no no no what the hell you
scream I scream I scream I don't wanna
scream I was screamin just that Jesus
Christ
um what uh is she gonna kidnap Oh No
why is she giving him the finger huh if
you don't need nothin sorry Oh wha
it's old creepy ass man he's a horny
he's got no fingers it's tyke thanks
Adele for the finger collecting
collecting art fingers
hey just case of my lollipop just it in
return oh this guy's creepy hope is not
really John skin okay listen get
kidnapped but she traded his my mom's
finger for an ice cream I don't think
that's a fair trade I'm gonna be totally
honest now little girl it's gonna happen
it's that loaded box
no let me just talk to my dog bingo is
that it
what the hell's this is this this is
another girl is this another daughter is
she can even like a mom on ice cream -
oh god I think she is oh god what the
hell what shit there's a bunch of bratty
kids lining up giving them fingers what
kind of universe is this will they just
give it out fingers - this ice cream man
oh what's going on
okay guys I'm now in the video here as
soon as you reach 15,000 likes I'm gonna
make another video reacting to some more
sad animations okay because I found some
really good sound animations okay so I'm
gonna make another video on that soon as
we reach 50,000 likes I'll do that thank
you so much watching see you the next
video
bar back
