ah my magic tells me that this is the
house the only family the little boy has
that's it boy there there that Shh
there that little boy there there there
you'll be famous little Bali there won't
be a person alive who won't know your
name and you better not get up to any
mischief you little shit you'll be far
better off growing up far far away from
danger with your new family here we are
baby there you go there you go you will
be great
a magnificent wizard young boy I just
know it
good luck hurry
hello who's there
who's there
oh sorry did I scare you then
excuse me oh yeah the names Rubeus
Hagrid keeper of keys and grounds at
Hogwarts course you know the Hogwarts
don't you hurry
whoa quartz
what's a Hogwarts blimey hurry haven't
you ever wondered where your mom and dad
learn it all
not what you're a wizard Harry I'm not
what you're a wizard Harry I'm a what
you're a wizard Harry I'm of war you're
a wizard Harry and a thumpin good one
hard wager yes I would on I heard you
must be mistaken
the wizard I'm just happy well just
Harry you're a wizard on a wish yes
Harry you're a wizard a current-i
listen Harry you're a wizard I'm telling
you you're a wizard but you're fat shit
okay you think I'm a bloody free cert
you should listen hey Harry I came all
this way to pick you up
we're gonna go to Hogwarts I thought it
came to the case and the grounded woods
and you take it up me time you think I'm
a wizard okay
you think just because I go to sleep
with a running died and a uniform you
think I'm a wizard oh come on Harry I
ain't got time for this shit
okay come on we're going all the hard
work ain't going to solve bloody
Hogwarts you think you're gonna
technical words I am no you are you
could be some random man coming in my
house listen here you little shit
Dumbledore sent me okay it's your 11th
birthday we gotta go back to Hogwarts
you gotta learn magic no you get out of
it you bloody shit do not want to learn
spells and shit Harry
okay do not want to just wave your magic
wand and do shit he just works in bed
and just be a hurry huh yeah just hurry
here's whatever your normal muckle do oh
you fucking shit could be a bloody
pedophile
go away by the farm call the police on
you with my phone I'll call the police
just get off hurry come on I ain't got
time oh come on you're wasting my time
Harry
you're wasting my time
you think I got time for this come on
Harry alright I are tight here take this
it's a magic wand Harry you wave it
around and you'll do magical spells and
shit but you've got to be careful ok one
swish and flick and I'll just die you
know Oh apparently I'm a wizard then ok
oh good night
well okay ladies gentlemen so today we
are playing Harry Potter and the
Philosopher's Stone now when I was a kid
okay I played this game on the
PlayStation so much it was my favorite
game but today we're not playing the
PlayStation version
we're playing the PC version every
single port of the game was made by a
different developer so yeah we're gonna
be playing the PC version okay it's not
the version I played as a kid but you
know what it's still nostalgia so let us
do it by the way it makes funny noises
there was nothing about the starry sky
that night to suggest that strange and
mysterious things would soon be
happening oh my god as unsuspecting
muggles slept a huge motorbike with a
giant to strike tumbled down from the
darkness oh my god the giant named
Hagrid who left a blanket wrap bundle on
the doorstep of number 4 privet drive
all nestled in the bundle was a baby a
baby Harry Potter the Boy Who Lived
until that fateful day when he received
the letter inviting him to attend
Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and
Wizardry whoa Harry code the Hogwarts
Express from platform 9 and 3/4 II and
left the muggle world far behind agawa
far behind
Perry sat beneath the sorting hat hoping
that he would not be chosen for
Slytherin house over Griffin nod still a
threat not Slytherin eh
the hats dogs you could be great it's
all here in your head Slytherin will
help you on your way to greatness it
will know where little better better be
and here it is Harry Potter and the
video game bullshit look at him he saw
it said it's a no spoiler we're going to
what sort of Witchcraft and Wizardry
it's Dumbledore I am Albus Dumbledore
your headmaster Oh such behind every
door but I'll kill the 900 shut up old
man
my old man told him to me man I want to
cast spells and do magic Oh magic Here I
am
I mean they came this off wand I don't
need that shit anymore I've got video
games to play all right so this game
looks really different to the game I
played on PlayStation okay like I said
it was developed by a different person
each time good class to go to come on
Weasley George something to show you
what I got time to talk are going to go
to class
stupid ginger twat looks like how long a
Tang monkey huh what's this
it's the George and Fred brothers we can
show you how to get around oh boy I
don't cash you have a lot to learn I
know everything I'm water boy oh shit
secret walls in the bloody haha oh no
sartorial decline I know how to climb
above the bookcase is a Bertie Botts
every flavour beans buddy BOTS every
favorite bleeps oh man I could go for
some jelly beans right now but these
every flavored beats clicked it yeah I
collected a jelly bean oh do I have to
collect this shit yeah all this game I
remember as a kid was just platforming
and really bad platforming so you would
get pissed off and rage jelly bean I am
Harry Potter the Boy Who Lived well done
what do you mean well done I climbed up
okay oh come on Harry use your magic
skills to jump from bookcase turbo case
will report expenses like fur shoes yeah
butter you're like that what
oh shut up ah peeves freak me out as a
kid okay that thing is freaky as shit Oh
God it's okay guys go so friendly in in
Harry Potter okay we're getting the hang
of this what's your names jumping we
need 25 pins Harry we 24 collector paint
yourself your faction just shit
chocolate frogs hmm
chocolates my favorite next-door babies
thanks hurry without you actually
could've done it without me okay it was
running home at the beans there's a
wizard cart for you with it god I've got
a wizard card I'm such a good boy Oh a
wizard god it's Dumbledore the famous
Harry Potter mouths word I'm Draco
Malfoy it and you do well to show me
respect my boys you bloody ugly you
better stay out of our way I will put
listen I play I know your mom's whoa is
that who I think it is who looks for her
- boy hello Harry
it's me Kimani Granger Defense Against
the Dark Arts is through this time I
think Harry's in boys vihan second
apparently it says here that Himani gets
with Ron Weasley why can't I buddy get
more money for poor now Jesus Christ one
Weasley taken my bitch how dare he the
bloody ginger pie ham professor quitter
professor quote the pendo spell repent
Oh what the hell okay so apparently to
learn flip end oh I have to draw some
squiggly ass lines I do good yeah no
he's disappointed okay I know how to do
flip end oh okay who cares
that was a shaky effort mr. popper piss
off you five points for Gryffindor five
points for Gryffindor try again okay I
don't trust shit again
twenty point out got me
splendid I'm into the flip n Doge to all
breakfast despair Oh practise a spell
he's gonna be so much fun
release the but the button you're so
annoying
release the button I don't remember him
saying the stuff in the movie my mouse
button
mmm not sure about this guy's but
something about this guy makes me not
trust him I think he might be hiding
something Wow I know obviously cost the
pentose I go to cold store my
snow-covered all depend oh yay hello
Harry Potter oh I am nearly headless
Nick the Gryffindor House Goose oh
that's ghost now this is a savegame book
but when you touch it your game will
automatically be saved
guys I don't remember him saying this in
the movie hamburger I got my house have
a ghost but it goes pretend oh okay this
is prepare now spelled I literally just
learned is getting really annoying now
see shut up okay
Oh oh great here comes the parkour in
this game but I'm into my job down will
I die
howdy not more like the boy who didn't
live as a funny joke right don't fall
here laughing what is that scary spooky
stuff all right I learned the flippin no
spell we can we stop this shit now this
is a no mister no doc Iman he's with the
backside to complete the challenge
five points for gryffindor forwards get
to broomstick practice Bruce Willis well
we're gonna learn how to play cribbage
oh this is it I am your instructor madam
hooch by DiMucci your first lesson you
will fly through these magic rings a fly
on a broomstick many Potter ready on my
whistle then on the Golden Snitch okay
I'm doing this for like 30 seconds and
I'm already bored of it wait a second I
have to collect 82 of these rings you
taking a fat shit on my face 15 points
for game boys it's all adding up helps
without its glasses it's not a PNG
anymore it's just a jpg all right so
here we are
what do we do now are we in another
classroom good day shut up okay
stupid ravenclaw don't talk to those
losers don't teach you a nice spell I've
learnt on my own don't get into any
mischief mind your tongue what to do
this is the symbol for
Alohomora Oh hold down the mouse go so
another one of these shits a 2% how does
that 2% that was falling I think you
need to practice more on your own I need
to stop being such a bitch for my knee
alright was that good enough for you
stupid Hermione were you my teacher
you're my mum no she's not my mom cuz my
mum's dead
quite impressive power thank you I'm
sure Professor Flitwick would give you
five house points for that charm just a
mighty gave me five dollars points for
my knee you have no authority just give
out house points when you please your
stupid bitch perfect oh do they shape
you try using I just get like five times
that door in front of you is magically
look we don't have all day
yeah me I can cost a lot more the case
new secrets a secret place
Harry Potter is gonna find Voldemort a
secret chest jelly beans I literally
found jelly beans use a lot more on this
bloody luck Maura we're in we got we
snuck into class early how mischievous
of us can you find the two secrets in
this room shut up my knee Oh secret
behind the bookcase how fun was that a
mirror just looking at myself in the
mirror okay we did it now clock time for
class chance class is through these
doors close next ooh
young wizards today you will learn the
levitation spell
Wingardium Leviosa god observe the
correct Wingardium Leviosa sim Oh w-when
Guardium Leviosa flying because magics
not real don't pay attention mr. Potter
that's not what I taught you
under a skit you stupid fat old
bald-headed dwarf midget are looking out
you may now enter the Wingardium Leviosa
challenge to practice so what a practice
a stupid spell Agnes midget go cast
Wingardium Leviosa on that statue or
place it onto that large plate okay boy
wishes went bad your nevio song it's fly
it's fly guys whoa I'm a bloody magician
good luck mr. Potter you've collected
several challenge stars that's 10 points
for gryffindor yeah off you go
okay okay what do I do now hurry
don't be late for her Bolivar gee lesson
a miny
oh it's Hermione haha I thought it was
Hagrid where the hell's our balaji
lesson what the is bloody this guy oh
shit it's a boss paddle wait wait wait
there was no boss battles in my day
whoa look how I just go around the floor
YUM talk to your ugly ugly oh my god Oh
peebs is bloody scary I remember the ps1
version you had to fight Malfoy for but
I guess that's not yeah do you have 25
beams for us shut up no I'm giving you
my beans
piss off get your own beans hello Harry
I'm never Longbottom Oh no one likes you
Neville this is my remember all I don't
care watch out for Draco Malfoy hey I
saw him sneaking around here just a
moment ago we could have a boss but I
will Drake are Malfoy like the ps1 oh my
god I think it's gonna be another boss
spot on like the ps1 version I'm gonna
be late for board you class get out of
my way won't get past me you had a how
hard you try oh my god please wizard
cracker should make you feel better oh
no I remember the wizard crackers no
don't catch a drink I already just woke
up we just punch him in the face why is
your one no I'm having fun
you're throwing crackers that mean so
lucky yeah that's right go home crying
to your mum stupid Malfoy ah the outside
world I remember this game I love this
game so much hurry over here this Hagrid
hello re it's me I greet me I drop
running forty later
lessons at you what was that
buh-bye okay guys I think I'm gonna end
the video here this was hairy part of
the game if you guys want me to do more
videos on this let's say 20,000 likes
and I will but yeah it mainly just
wanted to make one video on this game
just to see what it was like you know
it's not that bad you know I still
prefer the ps1 version either way don't
think that's what's what you don't see
you in the next video man silly guys
love you ba ba
