so you've returned seems like you didn't
learn your lesson well I'd like to play
another game you have exactly ten
seconds okay guys we're back with saw
the game you guys really liked it
if we reach our twenty five thousand
likes I'll blowed another video I think
the game goes Willy downhill after where
we left off by the way if you haven't
watched the last episode saw boom go
watch that I'm not sure if I'm going to
turn this game into a series okay let me
know in the comments or just by leaving
a like anyway okay new game No okay so
where we left off this girl who's a drug
addict is trapped on this table and I
need to give her an antidote and me a
toxin in order to save both of our lives
it's a really weird puzzle jigsaw skip
this shit look at this shit I can't
figure this shit out okay so the things
gonna go down and then go to the left
and then go to the right give her yes
yes okay that's good so then it's gonna
go down to the right and then to the
right blue blue oh shit oh no okay okay
that was bad toxin no no that was wrong
oh god oh shit okay I'm killing up
alright blue okay that's good and then
there's no more blood her heartbeats
rushing please keep screaming needles
are growing enough okay more needles
okay
I'm trapped
okay they need one in otherwise I think
she might be a dead just a little bit of
a hunch it's re this is boring guy pipe
you guys worried for me as well jigsaws
meant to make you go through pain to
save your life not blade you puzzles
am I done now I did it I think did I do
it or not you've done shit gay shut up
Alexa your mum's a hole let's go right
so you're toxic no okay I do that
this stupid gas is safe the live shit
there's nothing it's okay you're okay
okay what what did you do I'm not the
one who okay I'm okay I know look we
have to play by his rules oh I saw him
so that's the name of the game what did
he look what is that's all you care
about I just nearly died I sweat in the
movie she was bad as she's working for
jigsaw a little stupid girl I have a
feeling this entire asylum is trapped
it's drop he's watching he's what he's
over there to see him guys I saw him
miss over there she's ours in control
not you shut up you stupid hey this is a
child-friendly channel okay I'm a
puncher now punani oh my god what
happened to this guy is he gonna come
alive and scare me hello sir
you okay it was just a flashback calm
down guys he's okay oh she saw what is
this scary bit downstairs
water he's got my oh do not trap down
someone saying hey pal so much oh my god
me piggy got the stupid bitch
I already care if she lives or dies to
be fair oh no this guy's gonna die yeah
get rekt he fell on the floor
you shouldn't have fell jigsaws test you
stupid idiot oh my God look how much
bloods on there lie the keys in the
bottom of this barrel of acid by want to
dip my hand in a seat Oh No corrosive
acid B see that's what I'm talking about
jigsaw tests how much you want to live
booby traps oh I like the sound of that
okay Oh booby traps not like the Bolzano
booby trap door too bad and so fast see
the janitor about the steam way what I
have to walk through very hot steamy oh
I have the redirect here I can't just
walk in front of it Oh God look there's
a guy there who tried to get posh to
steam and he got burned alive is that
what happened to me if I tried to walk
now let's just have her just cabs oh
hello piggy piggy got me would you like
to know more yes what happened who is
this pig man what is not not this what
is that did this off me Oh No
oh god this is bad wait did I write the
boy oh the first want to kill each other
get to survive oh ok I killed em yay oh
I just just back to this whole head wait
for it wait for it see that there's a
booby trap here disarm that gay shit
you're meant to turn it off first you
idiot I never thought I'd be scared of
boobies but here I am watching for
boobies
I found the mouth will Bam Bam Bam Bam
Oh No there's two guys who want to kill
me shut up you hear someone hit the Hemi
slice I know you walked out oh that's
right get rekt
I killed him the hell is that
we'll find that door although it took no
challenge guys we put a minute there's
two Bob's I know what to do love I'm not
circuit board oh great a puzzle yeah
yeah a good game jig so yeah that taught
me a a really good lesson about like how
I value my life yeah puzzles yeah Oh
scary noises what could that mean all
right put the valve in yeah I can now
not dive in the seal oh god oh god oh
god I just murdered that other guy oh
grandma died oh great I got punched to
death this is so fun this game I love
this game stand still that's right you
died like rats in a maze
shut up jigsaw you bloody gate as a
button is that good you have to make it
into the heart of the boiler all as a
guy there with a box in his head do I
kill him on the trap oh I just walked
into the own trap oh wait why just took
a shotgun to the head oh then again he's
got a metal box on his head yeah I
killed him was I meant to kill him
I'm okay he's dead now oh oh yay oh my
god that took so long this game is shit
I'm not playing anymore this shitty game
okay I got a key great move to a next
test quickly the question is pipes a
breaking point wait wait wait wait wait
reading it halibut blood run this whole
place is coming down with the gold run
ha
okay made our lives we could unlock the
door now
how this person died oh it's the person
that died early I remember I was gonna
die it's good to high house would you
get trying to kill me he ran over a guy
he deserves to be punished
pick up the camera a picture is worth a
thousand words I'm I'm gonna take
Sophie's poop
wait what I took a picture was this out
lost
oh come on this game come on dude come
on
there's no palm here trust me yeah
that's right you didn't oh great I died
by stepping on glass yeah that's fun
okay guys I'm gonna end the video here
now I did say 25,000 likes I'll upload
another video on this game but I don't
think it's worth it but I did buy saw -
okay oh that's one I did buy saw - okay
and I really want to make a video on
this game so if you guys want to see
that 25,000 rights I'll do that anyway
they don't think I so it's watching and
I'll see you in the next video man so
the guys love you Baba you're eating a
dippy on my face oh I would love a titty
to the face
