whoo hello everyone how is everyone
doing as myself it today we are playing
the Olympic Games the video game now you
guys are probably wondering why are we
playing this game in 2017 well I wanted
to
okay so shut up and stop complaining
young grateful star T star T for T what
country should I be of course I'm going
to be well maybe I should be India where
how long second where the bloody citizen
yeah okay let's go with Great Britain
because I drink tea
there we are in London one of the
biggest cities in the world the opening
ceremony yes sir it's certainly going to
be an exciting one after years of
preparation London is finally ready to
welcome the world to their 2012 Olympic
Games
she's a Magdalene big stadium splendid
glowing like a beacon here in one week
okay I got an option of long jump
javelin fro 50 meters freestyle is the
bloody water or 200 me as one
okay let's first do the long jump on
javelin bloody long job we have met
about the biggest jumper in Great
Britain representing great looking over
the years the long jump is an event that
the USA have dominated from Salta
Barcelona to Atlanta Oh
elsewhere there's been success for Cuba
and more recently Panama Panama next
stop
Brandon oh I probably should have
watched a tutorial I don't have to do
this okay
I just it keep time against run better
run speed lock
no jump on this occasion just sprinted
through the board the only one who
forgot to jump Oh flick the left stick
before crossing the white line run speed
lock and that oh shit I forgot to press
it and there was a big problem in the
runner and this is a worry shut up I am
worried you piece of shit I've got four
more tries hey guys how's everyone doing
sorry I forgot to keep jumping called
sprint up speed up speed up speed up
speed log aunt 7.49
that's Gort there we go he runs up
good news for Great Britain on the
leaderboard there in first we're in
first baby I said now I'm in first place
own leagues do anything else this is
amazing look I was on the white land it
was all goodie congratulations thank you
who's on the commentary wait now it's
the qualifier with the shit come on now
next up is manage traveling throw that's
right
men will throw a very long stick as far
as they can over to you Brandon there I
am okay I know is this was just doing
the long jump but they want me on the
javelin is to come on Brandon
bring home this bloody gold medal metal
wait how do i okay how do I throw it
shit I just ran straight through um I
forgot to throw it apparently to other
people who also ran straight through Oh
Ida pressures on come on Brandon
everyone's looking you could do it you
could do it even managed to throw it and
this is the Olympic Games to feel like
this is just embarrassing oh shut up you
stupid lil boosie you throw the bloody
javelin actually to be honest if he
threw it like one mirror he would be
beating me right now oh okay I get it I
get it I meant to throw it early fell
like this is just embarrassing shut up
oh oh I threw too early
okay well this outfit really needs to
focus and maybe go back to the drawing
board
oh okay I'm in eighth place I just need
one good throw
that's all I need to qualify hey guys
how's everyone doing sorry I'm so shit
in it come on why did he keep running
why did he keep running what a dumb shit
I got a place well it's not through it
the expectations were huge on this
British athlete and I think the papers
will be asking plenty of questions about
that performance
shut up papers well myself didn't
qualify for the gambling but he gets
qualify for the long jump let's see we
can take gold for Britain all right
watch me kill this alright I've got this
nail too right
look at that shit Oh new PB and what
rate is that good come on come on come
on Steve Lacey and they sit happily in
first place they sit happily at first
place don't mind if I do this is hick
do I get my medal
simple right time for the national
anthem to celebrate
we're now winning on the scoreboard how
amazing okay let's do weightlifting and
men's 200 meters next up is the
weightlifting over 150 kilograms do I
wish to skip the tutorial yes
look there's me I'm mounting the
weightlifting team to Jesus Christ
select the way how much weight should I
try to do 5 I'm gonna try it oh shit
look at me go
will they trick you what I want to do
milk Allah seems to be struggling here
and that really was too heavy for him
alright me dude 2 to 5 was way out
because these guys are rated 176 max oh
come on no let me change it how are
gonna beat 2 to 5 is easy right 3 2 1
you can I do that oh come on
ok well I've failed it well make
yourself squared just a single goddamn
weights but I'm sure he's a fast runner
in today's men's 200 meters look there's
me okay I'm now doing the 200 meters I
don't have to do this either right Oh
Lord oh I'm doing it I'm gonna beat
Jamaica I'm gonna beat you safe Oh No I
qualified I for some reason B oh shit I
guys ran straight in me major stop
waiting to Georgia meters reading you
saying Bo I don't know how that's
possible but I get it my hanging seconds
that was just the qualifying round of a
goodness sake okay this is it the final
200 meters me versus Usain Bolt get set
go
man I told y'all was fast I'm faster
than Usain Bolt and look at that I just
go from nowhere you say Bose over there
and push to those new same bolt but I
gotta pretend you know all right
they say the middle sorry again with
Ennis every time I win the middle
because we're gonna do this for like a
million times
okay we get it all right god save the
queen okay let's do women's swimming and
table tennis welcome everyone to this
Olympic swimming of women's okay mesh
itself can't be in this one because he's
a man oh wait a second is that mess your
girl yes right mess yourself girl
version is representing great braid okay
dad is all right come on let yourself go
okay you can't play lose this one you're
representing my Great Britain real
strength required real straight to quite
go oh oh just keep swimming just keep
swimming swimming swimming we swim that
place come on ex place is that good I
came today that means a qualifier yeah a
few mistakes
shit up you stupid welcome everyone
apparently table tennis is a real sport
and we're playing it right now for
Olympic medals oh thanks Great Britain
yeah the island the island all right
Dylan you piece of shit you're going
down alright how do I play again oh this
is most intense I did it man I should
have made my character Chinese the
Chinese are sick of table tennis well he
was simply just not good enough there oh
shit okay you know what I just give up
alright you win I don't play no shitty
table tennis it is now the women's final
freestyle can invest your girl win
gold for Great Britain alright I know
how to do this one now so I bet I'm
gonna come first
ready set come on right left right come
up right it bring it home bring it home
another gold medal for us come on now
we're just taking all the bloody goals
okay this way let that smash yourself go
that doesn't align me at all okay now
let's do cycling and archery why not
okay we've got another Olympic Games now
we're gonna go cycling around in circles
all right I can do this all right come
on mister stops there he's gonna bring
another goal all right how do I do it
wait three two one go these guys just go
ahead paulsen because I'm sick that's
why yeah I won first place that was so
easy okay I forgot to name the character
so we're gonna have to have stupid
Isabel Kong and there she is Isabel
carne stupid bitch all right stay calm I
don't know how to do this no the time
it's got me down quick
oh damn is that good not a single shot
that's a worry that's a very big worry
okay I parry them in to hold down the
analog sticks oh there we go oh is that
it okay I get it three times not good at
saw one more I'll take it I'm now in
fourth place that's not good enough
and boom great okay I'm still a full
place shit okay the final of the cycling
how interesting
piss off green man in a way you're from
but it's probably some shit ass country
it's abusive bumping they're bouncing a
bit to bump in they're psycho psycho
psycho psycho psycho alright I'm a first
place easy-peasy come on man I have to
do anything all I go do is keep cycling
easy peasy lemon ii it be that's right
another gold medal for your boy miss
yourself
he just keeps winning them it is now the
final of the women's ought to read yep
that's right you have to watch this shit
again second place the stupid Chinese
Ling is winning oh oh we're now joint
first place with a bloody Ling Ling is
that good at first place okay I pick leg
by one point
take that Ling stupid bitch Great
Britain five gold medals okay we'll just
do two more
let's do shot put and discus throw how
fun all right welcome to games where
they throw a big metal ball or miss
yourself is here that's why I put on big
fat muscles and I'm doing a shotput
alright so what I throw a ball okay on
you dumb shit okay it's not just me who
keeps falling over apparently the German
guy is falling over - OH
that's what I do oh I'm now in first
place
okay I'm miles ahead okay
qualified yeah yeah all right the next
game is where they throw a circular
things as far as I can oh I've met
yourself was back again okay with this
time we're gonna throw a plate or some
shit oh my okay
oh god I'm the only one who didn't
strobe it shit do I do hold off and do
that and then do that and then do oh my
god and this is the world is there any
point even doing any get again yeah one
obviously cuz I set a bloody world
record alright the final how exciting
wait how do I do this again now no angle
shit thirteen point eight a is that good
yes oh he seems happy about that and
just like that first place baby
oh you guys don't man the video here
there's a bunch of other games in this
game so if we reach like 25,000 likes
I'll make another video playing the rest
of the games either way they'll think I
sold four so you can I'll see you the
next video man said you guys love you
Baba
