hello everyone how is everyone doing is
measure sulfate today we are back using
the goddamn iPhone now today we are
gonna playing boss baby games poop duty
now for some reason boss baby is a
really huge thing you know back in my
day we had movies like The Lion King or
Bambi but these days kids have got emoji
movie and boss baby Oh kind of second
guys I think the boss baby is trying to
win me hello boots baby what you doing
bringing me this a boss baby I'm in the
middle of recording a stupid YouTube
video about you okay I don't know what
you just said alright alright he's
alright I'm gonna hang up okay sorry you
know boss baby's been ringing me all day
alright then how he got my number
he's a fictional character in the movie
but he just keeps god dad bringing me
he's winning me he's randomly appearing
at 3 a.m. he keeps knocking on my door
visiting me who are you
let's just say I'm the boss the boss
you're a baby you wear diapers you know
who else wears diapers astronauts and
NASCAR drivers that's who called
efficiency Templeton the average toddler
spends what 45 hours a year on the potty
pa I told you stop coming in my house
alright so I found this game boss baby
baby doing over here
my first Express this don't look like no
boss baby baby boss care dress and play
Rollie pollie and now butterflies sorry
I like babies they're quite funny
oh we first start off with an
advertisement I love I love Apple games
okay oh I love games like this this is
the part where we get to dress up the
baby
now where's his suit where's his
signature boss baby suit who played post
baby again Alexa who played boss baby
why do I pay money for you there's no
shoe in this game how could I be a boss
baby dad without no baby suit Wow baby I
would already shoot you with a bloody
face of Jesus don't say that about
babies I'm gonna put him in this this
one's kinda like a suit oh but I have to
pay 10 pounds really what about this
outfit you like that alright baby's
happy let's put some trousers on him
yeah all I can write stuff there we go
I created a bib that says boss on it
yeah it's good sunglasses let's give him
shoes ease ok can I go down now it's a
pad I like this game but I just remove
all of his clothes
Jesus why is it alarming to beat my own
children who knows I'll hide I was kind
of funny what's next the daily ticket to
the park no political to the park
alright this has meant to be a boss baby
video ok when's the Parkway starts doing
my pack sees that's what happens in the
movie right not allowed and I've
actually seen boss baby alright let the
gold play on the swing stupid kid this
kid it really is a boss he just ordered
a bad swing sets just like that right
now I'll push this stupid baby on the
swings I told daddy ok you're my boss
Oh No don't speak - fuck it this kid
wants a lollipop cause he's crying too
much oh I see a light path mr. baby you
don't deserve this bloody lollipop okay
you scared me when you nearly died just
a second ago yeh spoils to brat having
lollipops hey this kid just bud it's
this kid don't even have teeth anybody
bit into that hard ass lollipop alright
what else can we do oh we can't do that
sir to pay ten pounds Oh a zombie game
which I will never ever ever play
because it has nothing to do with boss
babies alright let's play on the swing
ething alright now I'll push them on
this alright sign I'll push you but
promise not to fall out of it and die Oh
baby looks worried are you just gonna
play on it once all right kid you want
some ice cream
all right here we go have a scream
spoiled little baby that was money I
swear on the ice cream just need to drop
it all on yourself
this baby ain't no pussy oh there's a
bouncy castle out there a bouncy castle
well I gotta watch an ad for sauce this
ain't no biggest baozi cos it was tiny
wait I've got a pump it up
it exploded all right my baby didn't die
and last thing we can give him a balloon
great now got pump up this goddamn
balloon for him
all right baby no don't destroy the
balloon all right now open your hand and
grab the balloon boys spoiled brat oops
this kids the luckiest baby in the world
No oh it's okay he came damn when did
taking my son to the pipe become so
dangerous all right he nearly died like
three times okay I think that's enough
playtime in the park let's do something
else like watch an ad okay select your
baby wait what's gonna give birth to
another baby I can pick a black or white
baby how many women am i sleeping with
all right so many things don't know what
the pig what's this the feeding house oh
I've got to feed the baby okay I'll give
you cereal stupid baby now baby
I've run a what's an advertisement if I
want to get you an apple Jesus eager
baby have an apple you want the Apple to
be caught in star shape push this thing
down
let's go wait what all of a sudden - a
baby racing minigame what's going on I
was just feeding my kid now just enter
them into a goddamn mario kart race I
did it I won I'm really confused why I
just got thrown into a racing baby
minigame but I just did I can sure use a
shower right now yes you can do stinky
ass baby
wait what I'm paying to give this much
baby a bath I've gotta give my baby a
bath okay last thing is this one oh it's
night time all right take your bloody
dummies
I know sucking on my gummy
how about teddy bear here you go a teddy
bear oh my little baby princess is
sleeping Oh she slept for like two
seconds
throw away the bloody daddy or listen to
the radio and watch an ad for uber all
right let's listen to some mad baby
tunes okay well this isn't a song I was
expecting but okay all right last thing
is a bedtime story
boss baby like this microphone once upon
a time there was a bus baby and he
killed everyone yeah baby yeah
once upon a time there was a boy named
Harry Potter the Boy Who Lived once upon
a time there was a boy named Harry
Potter the Boy Who Lived oh that was
boss baby are gray another eyes all
right that was baby boss something
something something let's go see another
app ah here we go baby boss dream job
face change a salon game alright baby
boss this looks terrible Joshua Joshua
oops I must be P again but I still got
business to run just like the movie how
do you look when you become a baby again
wait they want me to take a picture of
myself sure that's how I look as a baby
I want to have a nice happy what some
toys have the habit of the fishy oh no I
think I'm suffocating my baby just by
rubbing so Paul every but now I think I
would just live just die this is so much
fun
no it's not alright it's clean can I
just do something else now
oh god this baby's full of pimples
crying anybody shit himself tap here tap
here
here and now he has a new diaper I would
really like some new ointment for my
spots just a bit baby getting chickenpox
everywhere am i lathering up Revere
matters come first
what all right kid I'll give you
antibiotics all right take your bloody
dummy I wanna do my homework
wait what it is a cow Claire I cannot be
a baby by doing my taxes thank you for
helping me tidy up and now I have to go
back to work
where well you gotta wear a suit it's
name is the annual financial report
ready it's the annual financial report
ready oh that was the whole game I just
played for the whole game yay
all right now this one is literally just
called the boss baby okay I'm pretty
sure they don't have the rights to make
this game hey wise guy and while some
food now oh it's another one of these
games a little fee demand shit I've done
all this before
hey wise guy I want a banana and an egg
all right have a banana have an egg I'm
just putting the food in his mouth
okay this games terrible I'm not playing
this game no I think I'm done okay that
was me playing boss baby games I hope
you guys enjoyed thinking so much
watching leave a like if you enjoyed
10,000 I'll make more app stuff thank
you guys so much watching see you later
Bubba
