hey guys this measure Salford now today
is a very special day because it is
Kitty's very first birthday now that a
lot of new people come to the channel
recently now the guys didn't know
exactly one year ago I had a stray cat
come to my home and give birth to five
new kittens which we ended up keeping
well some of them you know what the car
just pop go watch that video is so cute
you guys have to watch if you haven't
seen it and today is Kitty's very first
birthday you know what I posted video on
Instagram of when kitty was like a
couple of days old look how young and
cute he was as a kitten so now the
reason why I'm making a video today
leizerman is because of Kitty's very
first birthday measure self has gone out
and bought so many cat toys and cam
presents for kitty okay now we're gonna
spoil kitty we've trapped him in the
house you know he we're gonna try and
make him play with all these toys I
don't even know which one to start off
with actually I know which one to start
off with so what is this is a cat wig
okay now what you going to do is I'm
going to put this over the cat's head is
probably gonna annoy the hell out of
Kitty but I really want to try it like I
don't care that it's my birthday I wanna
go outside
listen kitty okay I spent so much money
on this god damn prizes you better enjoy
it look at this thing it's like a cute
little lion thing okay so the idea is
that Kitty's face will go in here okay
and then they look like a lion okay this
is just gonna go on their head are you
gonna stay calm look it's okay just okay
now what I do now is just put it over
his head
well done okay so the next thing I want
to try is this spiral okay but are you
being serious kitty I spent all this
money and you play with it for two
minutes and then you run away what's
wrong with you well I'm not trying on
next is this is really a cat toy but I
bought some magic bubbles basically you
blow this to make bubbles I want to see
kitties reaction to bubbles I don't
think he's ever seen bubbles before and
then you spent all this money on bubbles
oh I don't think you'd like Sol's I
think is just really confused on where
they're just disappearing
okay which one should we do next again
I'm thinking we try out an actual toy
okay now this toy you put a ball in it
and it spins around okay and apparently
cats really like it okay so let's let's
unbox this oh no don't tell me I have to
build this thing it kind of reminds me
of Hot Wheels do it did you ever have
Hot Wheels yeah okay one hour later
thanks to Robert we've cut the big
writes the balls over here and I'm
pretty sure the ball lights up it does
look at this around come on kid you've
been sleeping all day and now the one
time I want to play oh look look
both put you're pouring if you come on
you'd own the plane no you don't care
it's places like what you could do happy
users having fun watching you play do
something you stupid cat Jesus Christ
don't oh damn it he's sort of trying but
he's not he's not so excited about it
come on there we go there we go it's too
hard for him you got to figure it out he
can't figure out how it works it's just
too hard for it alright so the next one
I want to try out is I'm really excited
about this one it's a cat fountain now
cats love running water whenever my cat
goes to the tap he loves to put his head
and his mouth on it and lick and drink
the water so I'm thinking he's gonna
love this
okay so I've got the fountain to start
working and I this is literally it okay
I spent 40 pounds for this cat pound and
this is the only water that drops out
okay absolutely useless I could have
turned on the tap for free but no this
is it okay but maybe Kia will like it
he's like what is this I don't
understand
look it's running water it's not running
enough for him to be interested I spared
all this bonny kitty come on do
something funny huh go drinky drinky
drinky yes is doing it
kitty what are you doing are you playing
with a toy or not meant to be play okay
it seems key is getting really impatient
and wants to play with this toy next
what definitely bit is this it's a conch
kicker rule and it's just this big thing
with a bit of fluffy thing on on the end
okay
what does it render doing what she did
why is he being more playful why the
president while trying next is this
Japanese present now if you look it's
like a feather attached to some sort of
machine okay it's Japanese okay and the
Japanese know how to make good cat toys
okay I think I said upright so it's
basically a circle thing with a ball
that goes around and if you push this
button oh I'm gonna keep it spinning oh
come on
all right so next is this laser-like led
ball which apparently cats love for some
reason I don't understand what this is
all right I set up this ball and there's
a button over here and when you press it
there's an LED that spins around and
it's actually moving okay this is
probably gonna freak the hell out of
kitty I'm not sure he's going to like
this one okay there's a bond anybody's
going
that was amazing
okay guys I'm gonna end the video here
sorry kitty was acting like a piece of
 okay clay doesn't care how much I
spent on his birthday as a birthday
present Sookie please leave a like let's
try and hit an old 25,000 if we do I
might do more videos with the cat-lair
on either way I think I saw what you can
I'll see you next video man steady guys
love you Baba
