there's a float here and it's brings all
the boys to the yard and they're like
it's better than yours what the hell am
I looking at oh hello everyone
oh I drop the controller power support
doing as much selfie today we are
playing Family Guy the video game II so
Liam apparently there was a Family Guy
video game now there's my understanding
that everyone shut up
so apparently there was a Family Guy
video game it's absolute shit it was my
understand
oh my goodness I'm Stewie okay let's
play story mode I mean what okay I'm
ranking no Gamay no way of saying game
my name is Chris I'm supposed to be on
my best behavior tonight huh not
mentioned poo okay seems today hello you
see is violence in movies and sex on TV
oh man everyone knows that theme song
there's Brian hey Stewie look something
came up I'm not gonna be able to do the
picnic today was that today oh yeah oh
no no way I can make that either I'm
canceling too god bert roberto poets
it's possible
I I killed you you wanna kill me in this
universe you fool L so you got yourself
a multiverse remote huh
indeed I did hold on well someone please
tell me what the hell is going on here
yeah
remember the multiverse theory yeah it's
the one about how there are alternate
universes that coexist with ours on
parallel dimensional planes so in each
of these universes the reality is
different from our own sometimes only
slightly sometimes hypothetically I
can't possibly allow universe to exist
without me in it
oh I'm traveling the multiverse building
up an army to insect my revenge on you
no I'm going to destroy your universe
completely cross-dimensional
army he'll have no problem destroying
our universe what are we supposed to do
you have to try and stop him before he
can organize his attack what's he doing
he's got a secret water full of guns
teddy bears
bloody shotguns and sniper rifles
alright Brian we're going to need to arm
ourselves I'm sure he knows we're going
to come off his armies are gonna be
waiting for us every step of the way oh
you think maybe I can use one of your
ray guns no I get Stewie weapons you get
the boring stuff that's what we're doing
hang on Bry we're going back to the
multiverse or
what the hell wait a minute Brian this
isn't where we were supposed to go I
don't know the remotes not working for
some reason
oh you know everyone said get on the
cloud it's gonna be great and
everything's been a nightmare since can
you fix it I don't have the proper tools
but maybe we can find someone who does
okay this is a universe ruled by Greeks
what does that mean
fat hairy philosophers and togas or fat
hairy grease balls and speedos
oh yeah Greeks have always been gross
and still are it's not those kinds of
Greeks Brian it's worse it's frat boys
hey those guys aren't like us Oh get
those knob goblins Brian run we have to
find someone to help us fix my remote
what's a knob gobbler you understand
with your order a knob gobbler okay so
this is the game it looks like shit
dippy all right so what can I do I can
play as Stewie and I could play as Brian
okay so we're gonna do I can shoot
things one of these guys can't get laid
this is pretty much the game you plays
Brian and Stewie and you go around
shooting people have fun do you want a
place to a fraternity here's a Torah and
some bacon to rub on your face so you
break out you know if there's like an
electronics store or a creepy Armenian
guy in a dimly lit apartment who can fix
a multiverse oh I'll require a service
in return that's worth more than the
service I'll be providing you with what
we need you to help our fraternity
through a better party wall been
standing around complaining for hours
but that doesn't seem to be a party to
the Gentiles now go shoot those lame
balloons down oh wait until I put my
earplugs in wait you want me to shoot
balloons down new objective pop all the
balloons I love this game what's with
all these stupid nerds this one's
playing Rubik's Cube this one's reading
a book and I should be gone sure okay
pop the balloons gameplay okay Stewie
has a golf club which you can swing
around I I love when he does that in
this show needs to put anybody's picture
oh look it's a sorority girl running
down the street well dude wait until my
bros see these nasty pictures of you hey
get back here with those I was gonna
wait one more year before I leaked naked
pictures of me online
you should go talk to that sorority girl
and see what's the matter what you mean
what's the matter I just saw that guy so
naked pictures of us oh my god come back
still pictures of me and my sorority
sisters I'll pretend to like whoever
gets them back okay let's get the 50
pictures back from these guys nice nips
get those guys they'll with the Nerds Oh
No
okay is this the part of the game where
I just get to kill human beings BAM I
just killed that guy you want the
pictures come and get them
I already yanked it to them anyway hey
come on let's just be bros hey bro okay
I got the 50 pictures back oh these
pictures don't hang
all right let's collect it if I hold
down all one I've got a special thing
what was he doing I come bearing a gift
Stewie just through a dirty nappy at
them Oh
i okay so whatever shitty name is oh
good job getting those pictures yeah you
should try to find more of them so you
have material to shamefully touch
yourself to at night you know I got a
keg but didn't want to put the deposit
down for the tap would you find one for
me way these culture to kill me no way
this Chinese shoots pepper spray at me
well I'm sorry girls but you know what
if you want to die for these pictures
then you have that you're gonna do that
okay I just gone down a bunch of girls
like this in this game okay I just shot
your friend there's a float here and how
am I looking at Peter why are you naked
and why are you singing that song and
why is he dancing anyway I'll just let
Peter enjoy being naked on the float for
some reason I picked up a peek at what's
that bye-bye
oh I just threw it hey I'm no longer
enjoying us oh oh it's from the episode
where they all drank that shit and they
all start throwing up everywhere yeah
I'm no longer enjoying this neither am i
Brian in our minds yeah I found a
kickstand yeah donut explosives now we
need some women to come to this party oh
I got a cramp the idea I need you to
steal a couple of jackets from the
chakra okay now he wants me to go and
get some jackets off jocks I don't know
what's going on we could have sneaked in
the bloody room everyone's sleeping
very quiet didn't wake up these guys
frag out oh I did it
Oh throwing up okay I got the three jock
jackets for some reason I need to do
that I don't know why you need to plant
those jackets by the sorority's float
then set the float on fire girls will
think the other frat did it and then
they will come to our party but I feel
stupid don't touch me
Hey look there's beer there when you
poop in your dreams you poop for real
and look at Cleveland with two girls in
a hot tub you guys are literally risking
your our lives because I'm destroying a
forceless why are you guys not running
away I have a gun bastard okay I
destroyed it yay okay so now we've
turned more shitty party into a Kraken
one good job getting the girls in beer
yeah can't hear the music even with our
hearing aids all the way for all of you
guys confused we need to fix the remote
that Stewie has and the only buzz could
help us is more but the only way he's
gonna help us is if we make his party
good that that's what's going on right
now
oh hey guys thanks for your speakers oh
god there's a boss battle is a frat boy
really did I've written in the boss bow
wow it's true a keg at me
yay okay hook up the speakers to the
note pie okay please tell me this levels
are gonna be over now talk to what when
you're done farting why just go doing
car who is this now is having a good
time this girl's fuckin up her tits for
some reason oh it's a pretty boy no it's
gonna be a kiss here you go and thank
you guys so much now I have the whole
night to fear the sex that I'll probably
check it out of thanks for fixing the
remote we have to go pry Bertram has
already got a head start on us yeah also
there are different levels of this game
cool it's nautical actually okay good
the remotes working this room was
definitely here no according to the
multiverse remote in this universe oil
supplies were exhausted the only people
who were able to sustain themselves were
the Amish although they weren't reliant
on technology oh okay let's I'm still
here what I need from you is a weapon
the likes of which no one has ever seen
no the Amish are not a violent people
well I have something here that might
change your mind
what does trees I happen to know that
you've depleted all of your forests so
they've engineered these rapid growth
tree seeds that will supply you with all
the would deliver D oh we shall build
your weapon these two might try to stop
you if you see those I want you to shoot
to kill
Oh Stewie Griffin prepare to be
destroyed this game so weird
okay now I'm fighting against the Amish
and the Amish have guns now this is this
is the game
oh my snapping gum it's like Call of
Duty but family guy I just snapped it
let's just see what these magic seeds
can do for my tiny Amish tongue Oh No
why would they make the family guy a
shooting game okay look license it and
run that's how you make a good like game
based on a bloody TV show my wife the
son have glasses where is that peanut
but is Amish I do this to get tired
before bed
oh okay that's nice I'm in a rut I died
okay guys I'm gonna end the video here
this is family guy the game I knew it
was gonna be a piece of shit because
it's a shooting game and I don't
remember any shooting happening a family
guy alright guys thank you show us what
you can I'll see you in the next video -
later guys love you goodbye when you
poop in your dreams you poop for real
