whoo hello everyone how's it going doing
it is mr. selfish and today we're gonna
be reacting to some more bad news
let's be honest you came here for the
means you didn't come here for me all
right so shut up Brian or I just throw
what some dumb names all right it's what
we this is what we think of you now all
right we don't think it was the content
great up whistling if you put some dumb
not on the internet who finds dummies
and watches them online okay ouch okay
that kind of hit a bit too close to home
you know what I'm saying okay so a man
is stealing a bike and minecraft music
is playing oh yeah you guys can see
where this means gonna go it's gonna
fall off the bike and it's gonna die
here we go I repeat fat woman on a slide
oh okay I wasn't expecting that I was
kind of expecting it to fall off this
line not the body break it but then
again she was bloody Frank what Robbie
what do you want for me you pop this
piece of crap in expect Buster's angry
video game nerd is still a mean look
turn around today Wow
okay it's at sinful cats and they just
made a video showing a bunch of weird
kinda jizz all right well let's just you
know take a minute to enjoy all these
cats
okay so we go an escalator and these
guys are no okay where's the piece
they're dead okay they died okay rest in
peace okay oh oh here come the marching
pikachu's oh no all right it's kind of
scary
all right with them with I'm sure this
wasn't the correct music but this is
kind of scary
okay okay okay Japan I think you love
because you're a bit too much honestly
what a parent tells you no you got to
respect that but trait just does
whatever
funny that something that that issue is
rewatching old drake and josh and
thinking you know how can i having to
put a me mean one of these episodes okay
I'm sure that was a disruption in the
fridge but okay miss incredible Wow news
presenters love finger the fact that
this baby is just rolling down this hill
oh wow
box five and I'd lecture over to light
sunny day today with light showers oh no
no I hate those knees wait just like
come on now it's just feeling for just a
couple more seconds I would I would have
you know it's so something really cool
man she recorded just as the lighting
hey wow it's Kayla
by some guys opening his hotel room to
find what what's gonna be the main Shrek
play on the TV oh oh oh oh okay wow it's
like it's like ten shirtless men Wow
then they all collectively came together
thought IPL let's make this video okay
well maybe that's just what they're
doing you know who knows maybe that was
real niggas one of the worst Rick what
is this guy doing
you're not working any muscles like
during that run
what are you working out geez oh it's a
cat a war chicken for his birthday
all right a little under appreciated
all right this whole goddamn chicken
just for himself are you gonna finish
this goddamn chicken it's put the
goddamn chicken for this poor guy Jesus
oh okay we got some kid in the fucking
one battle with what a dog okay you can
there try the timid am
okay Wow okay keeps coming all right
okay yeah we get it all right it's funny
all right
no no okay
I know wrestling's fake and everything
but that has a real Oh count strike oh
oh three pounds okay
oh how much is your fabric yeah he asked
how much of that fabric okay okay okay
guys you know I think I've reacted to
enough means right now if you enjoyed
this series then keep leaving a like all
right and if we reached 30,000 likes I
will keep doing it all right now this
series it was meant to be just kind of
like a fun like shit
series which I could do you know just as
like filler content you know just having
some fun like I said before I watch me
so much Martha you know watching for a
video you know but you have you guys
want to continue 3,000 mics that would
be amazing
regardless though thank you so much for
watching to the end and I'll see you in
the next video buh-bye what Bobby what
do you want for me okay that's it
all right but being have to leave me now
go Bobby get out my room
god damn stupid dog
