who everyone how is everyone doing as
much sofa today we are back with the
final episode of today's episode is the
treehouse
now the next chapter is actually Bart's
chapter it's not the treehouse of horror
chapter now what I've got I've done is
that I've played through this chapter
already okay because like nothing
interesting happening it is literally
just a filler chapter the only thing
happening this chapter is that Bart just
ran around town trying to hunt down
aliens and I think the last mission has
something to do with homer and chasing
down the aliens or some quickly the
aliens are coming dad the aliens have
taken over the Duff brewery and they're
using it to store laser guns
this is stuffs worse disgrace than stuff
ice it's time to use my secret weapon Oh
remember when I told you I sold my old
car so you could go to college it was a
lie okay I need to race the aliens to
the Duff brewery because they're gonna
blow it up with lasers that's that's
pretty much the story of this chapter oh
yeah I remember this Homer has a new car
damn it I drop my kabob your kebab okay
I've eaten the aliens to the Duff
brewery I think there's a cutscene here
now
okay so the story is that the aliens was
gonna blow this thing up is spreading
underground through your water supply it
will wait the dead zombies will rise
from the grave and devour the living and
our ratings will rise rise to levels
unseen since the heyday of evening Jay
whoa oh yeah that sounds cool I mean oh
no I hope their plan fails the aliens
have leaked their Cola into the water
supply which is bringing the dead back
alive and zombies to invade Springfield
treehouse of horror you've got a spooky
skeleton sitting there we've got a buddy
we've got a noose for our lap okay let's
explore Oh No
Springfield I start spooky poopy you've
got a skeleton riding a bloody coffin as
a fly buddy gore stop there like
seriously as a kid this level blew my
mind oh yeah you could ride on the back
of the rock this witch's broomstick I
remember doing this this was my favorite
the kwik-e-mart has turned into the
spooky mod oh look Krusty Burger has
turned to zombie burger shut up you
stupid little girl oh look the school
has turned into Springwatch school oh
the school's all scaredy is a bloody
nose there oh we've got groundskeeper
Willie oh come on your knockers more
outfits what outfits we got we've got
Homer as a bum we've got evil homer i am
evil oh and you've got donut Homer whoa
there's an alien spaceship at the back
of the school what happens if I go under
the beam
the witch just exploded whoa the
important thing is I'm not imagining
these guy that is prettier boy wait I
can't go through the power plant now
that sucks you what's this
can I jump up here wait there's more
platforming can I go higher all right
done full whoa mr. burns is office oh
look a bus color card oh my life where
is some of the Frog blood over there oh
this isn't a trapdoor
Wow I watched the sick parkour skills
dad oh yeah I've unlocked all the new
special cars the Globex supervillain car
I've unlocked fruits hopper car a36
stunts big that's what does this open
we'll race Conway I remember this okay I
remember this the hover bike was amazing
oh man this bike was so cool this is
bringing back so many good memories I
love this thing wait I've never seen
this open-wheel race car oh my god is so
fast look at me go that was cool all
right let's speak to stupid Lisa what is
monkey just swinging from the ceiling
fan or I'll just lad be zombies are on
the way shouldn't we do something no
Lisa I'm trying to listen to the
baseball game Oh God zombies they're
devouring the crowd now now they're
eating my brain oh the pain
oh alright alright so it looks like
we're completely ignoring the aliens and
just trying to go out and get some
supplies
gotta speak to Neji guys we do know
maybe give me your first aid kit
well I was hoping to save it for Ryder
and tottered - you know bandaged their
brain-eater boo-boos just rub a Bible
earlier
okely-dokely cannot wait to collect
boards for some reason drive here drive
there yeah yeah you've heard it all
before
good thing we got a super-fast car
because I got 10 seconds to do this
gotta talk to Moe for some reason oh hey
oma how about these dead zombies running
around
oh my need your chainsaw to chop up a
Turk example what did how will I defend
myself
Oh moe moe shouldn't the weapons go to
save people who have loved one my life
stinks got to go back to my house only
got 30 seconds left now this race car is
so Opie it's amazing hey sorry Carl ok
call me err Homer he might shut up ok I
know it talks to calm a guy for some
reason now this is the worst measured
elf video no you did smelly Sam the
alien craft is using some sort of
tractor beam to suck up trespassers to
their doom worst effects everything
what's with the cool black car my
knowledge of sci-fi movies is correct
which it is the black car is an advanced
probe for the mothership the gift of
life is wasted on me okay we need the
zombie car but I think I've already got
it already the zombie car here it is
find out where the alien car is headed
follow that car wear your gold black or
whoever's in this black car is
responsible for the aliens well I think
the aliens are responsible for the
aliens that makes no sense
ok ok ok could you could you slow down
please ok this cars not very fast we're
taking this bunch up together no please
King hope no go away don't go indeed I
did it yay the power plant but I'm bored
of this level well Homer I think the
aliens are
John Achilles other liens that hurt
because I didn't have a good day I'm
glad you're here my morbidly obese Ally
I figured out the aliens weakness its
nuclear waste and how does that affect
me I've loaded my vehicle with nuclear
waste from the power plant it's going to
deliver this toxic payload to the alien
ship risking myself and my delicious
brain to zombie snack but a hero and I
never knew his name professor John Frank
are you still here
ok we need to protect Professor Frink
from the aliens and deliver the nuclear
waste this spaceship ok it's all coming
together we're gonna take out and kill
these aliens alright so I think I need
to be careful because if I Drive too
recklessly I think the toxic waste boron
does for us gonna make this so much
harder here we go run the spaceship come
on Italian craft drive your vehicle into
the truck to bear track
oh look freaks alive oh it's okay the
zombies completely gone
oh my god okay now go talk to Lisa why
shot score stupid Bell they need to
fight some nuclear waste and first why
don't you ask mr. burns buried nuclear
waste his poison Springfield four years
good old mr. burns
okay fine nuclear waste time all right
I'm here yeah you toss complete oh
that's why I was meant to do this bloody
thing to talk to mr. plants over there
who odds Bodkins is it you Mary with you
mr. burns
it's me Homer Simpson I need to get some
barrels of radioactive waste to save
Springfield from the aliens illegal
aliens are a nuisance leafblower
alien tentacle aliens in that case
here's the map to where I buried nuclear
waste barrels all over spring okay so
all we got to do is just get this
nuclear waste to the bloody aliens oh
I've got to pick up the toxic waste and
deliver it to the school again
ah oh I'm so gonna lose it's okay just
don't drive like an idiot and you'll be
fine
now this bike is very hard to handle oh
 it's gone okay I think we do that
like two more times
okay let's speak to snake yo what is up
fat man why do I see that doesn't sound
like a good snake me getting carjacked
what a total switcheroo just go what
will you do if I don't flip you the bird
okay so now we need to do it with snakes
okay it's pretty much the exact same
thing we need to drive to the power pond
pick up the pot toxic waste and then
drive it into the bloody alien spaceship
all right now or look or do is just
drive this thing home are you still in
the car oh ma so you know I feel bad
about my yeah I think I did it guys okay
now don't talk to Grandpa
let me guess I couldn't do a third time
give me a lift I get a safe Springfield
now you're not gonna sacrifice me for
the greater good are you son huh we'll
see dad okay a autopsy part three okay
I've already got a minute all right now
work the pedals and you steer No Oh dad
we'd use every one of our shortcut
skills to bloody do this one this is
gonna be so hard and I think
my seconds left I was gonna be so tight
I'm so close 15 seconds left we got this
we got this I did it I did it thank God
that took so long
you gonna put me back in the homer yeah
I did it here we go baby
eat nuclear death you effeminate
wriggling space-wise imagine ed scared
some harmless nuclear waste
Oh cut your fingernails let's go three
Homs now
that fortune teller was right I do end
up dying in a spaceship crash
Oh foolish earthlings for not from the
holidays number-one dad I'm really proud
of you for rescuing us all from that
alien invasion did that really happen I
thought it was a bad dream after eating
too many raw hotdogs the town hero we
and the ninja babysitters well dad your
fans want you outside oh man Oh aliens
oh no space
and they all live happily ever after the
end
oh they're inherently stars show was a
success why did we go to earth heaven
when we died at least we don't have to
sit through the stupid video game credit
Jesus Christ that last mission was so
goddamn hard alright so let me get this
straight
there was these bees that were like
surveilling the people of Springfield
and it ended up being aliens watching
Springfield because they were part of
the reality TV show okay guys I just
want to say thank you guys so much for
the support on the simpsons hit and run
series like I do you all want to do this
as a series but like you guys been
showing crazy supports for this game so
like I turn into series and the support
has been great right to the end so thank
you guys so much for that if you guys
want just a game for me for the next
let's play please do it in the
description down below and yeah hope you
guys enjoyed thank you so much for
watching and I'll see you in the next
video man slowly guys love you
ba ba drive here drive there I love
driving
