oh hello everyone how's everyone doing a
special selfie we are back yet again
with
I'm so happy so now I don't actually
know which character were playing as
today but if Suzy reached twenty
thousand likes on an upload the next
episode okay I'm just going to leave the
house and pretend that didn't happen
okay oh this level was the same place is
the first episode except it is 90 x 90
time and Springfield now bezel are you
doing that ladies oh my god Marge go
away we don't like you you tripped over
inside Go Go oh yeah Marge is vehicle is
the slutty SUV nice girls finish fast
finish fast ok ok boss going back to
normal let's speak to him we know what's
causing your olga bogota course goes a
little guys no girl has turned to Google
yeah there's got to be a connection
mmm-hmm there's got to be a connection
why did Bart can abduct by the aliens
and why is his brain now
maybe the police know something okay so
the mission is to ask chief Wiggum if he
knows anything but the mission is
collect donuts for him before time runs
out
oh sure mom help me with your head
follow the police law oh this time
I'm chasing the poopoo is they have the
football chasing me oh you dumb shit
easy come easy go easy come easy go
everyone better stay out of my way
oh my much calm down okay I remember now
this is the point in the game where it
gets very hard
okay I'm gonna lose there we go chief
Wiggum oh hey there Marge sorry a man
needs his donuts rolling over you fat
shit and bloody dope to me chief Wiggum
i need you to find out what happened to
Bart yeah I'd love to help but I got
sugar which you're all real bad the
donut store is closed
and I got a monkey on my back screaming
for crowler no don't tell me the mission
is gonna be yep collect donuts for him
okay hit the donut truck so he drops
Donuts head to the car and look great
that's fell out why not put these here
for a busy body housewife you sure get
results that crop circles at Cletus is
Shack now you excuse me I have a truck
full of donuts to eat okay he's getting
to the point in the game where I'm
rehearing old catchphrases and yeah it's
getting quite annoying now okay it's
clear this like I've talked to him
before hey there pretty lady with the
blue ass I'm Cletus
what'd you do man excuse me I don't care
if you is from New York you ain't taking
pictures of our decrepitude for no
magazine Cletus
but likely to select what focus room is
truck why toxic-waste it falling from
the sky but it's okay cuz imma trace
down let's cleanest come on I have to
find out what happened to my baby boy I
thought she was a city slicker but I
ain't telling you nothin less'n you help
us with the harvest harvest harvest oh
no I need some inmate clothes wait what
hey look it's a pool oh hello much do
all wonder squishy squishy okay we've
got this kids clearly stealing Apple we
couldn't do something about this Apple
ooh they literally ran away with like
ten candy bars what am I going to do
about this bullets for silent alarm was
a very silent oh we've got mr. Jenkins
over here mckible you should leave been
slowed by frozen peas okay what clothes
we got we've got inmate clothing the
time when Marge went to jail we've got
Marge claw see where she's got a very
classy clothes on I've got Oh Marge is
the bloody boo-boo how clay is harvest
ketchup packets for the wing tell us
what is what is the mission is turning
into right now hey I know another
dumpsters around here some wash either
them Mustang bomb
what am I supposed to commentate while
doing this I'm collecting ketchup
packets okay I was chasing fierce is
that gonna go and now we're friends what
the hell's going on wait what we can go
Mr Bond is no coolie wait we can drive
in his house wow look it's mr. Burns's
chess pieces and they're all people so
it's the same map but there's secret
areas in this now I'll show those ones
Drive up there I was meant to drive up
there and I've got five seconds glad
mama do the whole thing again oh well I
had a good run you go come on gain
momentum drycleaners try
Troy Troy oh no I got five hound dogs in
here are you taking a shit on life come
on what more to go try to trace this
house now oh no I skid away from the
blacks at the hand too
god damn it why they keep adding shit
well mr. short message about whoops my
grandpap had done seeding one a damn
corn drawings once but he's with Allah
now Oh
maybe try around the graveyard thanks
nice partner and tweren't nothing it's
typically it's okay you didn't help me
at all hey oh hey you wanna buy what I'm
selling all guilty to another operation
he's a new operation now oh he sells
Krusty's limo Oh
Krusty's limo now remember this Copic
absolutely sick as hell bro okay let's
talk to Hans mama that's the funniest
guy ever I'm all dead inside wrinkles
her excuse me
help me I'm hiding from the police
if the police find me out past curfew
they'll throw me in jail talk to Abe
wait in jail you know anything about
crop circles yeah I can't tell you about
crop circles right now those lousy
runagate stole my pills oh for goodness
sake every time I go to talk to someone
for help they just like shut up I don't
care let's do this thing instead get
grandpa's meds back from the bullies
what is going on do it baby
hey what's up how could you all again
steal an old man's medication
oh we traded it to some dudes in a black
car for these play dudes okay now some
sell the pills to this car
okay that's fun ten pills yeah
oh the colleges vanish as if they never
let's get us okay
wait what get away from the Black Card
again why do they keep adding stop talk
to Grandpa here's your crazy medicine
Grampa gimme gimme gimme
now I need something to wake em up wait
what now to wake him up hey guys yeah
what you need this crazy medication yay
thank y'all come again
maybe this will jog your memory truckers
choice okay for the last freakin time
tell me about the claps
there are ways surrounded by Tojo and
his Nazi henchmen when one of them a
raccoon as I recall it's me with a banjo
no I never reasoned with a raccoon let
alone a Nazi one so I does this have to
do with the clamp circle it was sort of
a cosmic kind of thing shaped kind of
like a planet with an old Thurston radio
antenna coming off it maybe that'll jog
Bart's memory oh we found out that buzz
Cola is bloody evil okay and has
something to do with the aliens okay
enter boss bedroom all right let us joke
boss memory maybe he might remember the
aliens and the time they went up is
awesome weird boss room little qualities
but that's the alien mind control cola
they gave us console that up in the
alien spaceship they're using it to make
the town go crazy what you snapped out
of your trance I was so worried I need a
little extra firepower as officer Marge
yeah way can I pay on the place pings
no run and collect all the evil Cola
cans okay that's gonna be fun okay at
least this is somewhat different than
doing it in my car okay I love this game
kapu I think you should be aware that
you're selling I painted Cola there is
little here not tainted in some way
that's it I'm going after it and in the
other evil Cola trucks I can find yeah
destroy order cola delivery trucks okay
oh my God look at the size this truck oh
yeah I remember they're so bloody hard
to kill your face my face come on come
on oh I did I destroy another car for
pity's sake that's true women drivers
aren't very
hey that sounds now go in chief Wiggum I
did it
yeah a mission complete yeah oh that was
the mission oh okay this video might be
a little bit short but I guess I would
end the video yeah I feel like I
wouldn't be one chapter a video I'm not
sure that as many chapters left to be
honest
either way though yeah I'm next episodes
you reach 20,000 likes hope you guys
enjoyed and I'll see you in the next
video man so the guys love you Baba
it's not unusual to be loved by anyone I
am Tom Jones and I will be gay
