well hello everyone how is everyone
doing as much as over and today we are
back again with more reacting to
animations this episode is all about
love love the one thing I don't have in
my life so first animation is called
brain divided and it was made by a
student who had again tended Ringling
College of Art and Design we've seen so
many good animations come from this
place okay the student was called Josiah
Howarth okay I'm gonna leave all her
like the credit down the description
okay let us see his amazing work we
start off in a restaurant with a wine
menu a boy is going on a date oh look
how nervous he is he's going to find
love on this date he's like hmm where's
my date gone I hope she hasn't stood me
up oh shit you straighten out before
going in his brain this is a bloody
ripoff
I'm sure it may still be good okay oh oh
okay
we've got two sides of the brain okay
the blue ones definitely the the
sensible one I would cut the red one
just lazing around come on what's your
buddy dreaming of okay he needs to wake
up because we put a date in about five
minutes with this bloody gun now the red
ones woken up he's like what listen be
sensible now hi Yuma you must be
Scarlett yeah nice to meet ya so she's
got too much don't add too much the
pleasure is all mine oh here I take a
seat
you see yeah sure hungry cuz I already
ordered our food oh great I must -
Harvey I got us something that's low in
carbs in high in antioxidants so you
won't get that sexy girl excuse me
oh yeah red guy techhobo who looks like
you don't have that problem what means a
nice that's french isn't it uh-huh
no more like Wisconsin cheesehead here
makes me gassy
oh no I see I said that spice things up
I hope you're excited for the main
course I know I am okay if I keep
switching personalities like this she's
gonna think I'm very crazy
Oh dinner is served okay now am i night
again okay free food Oh No now I'm sexy
guy again what am i doing I'm doing too
much she's gonna run away from me oh no
they're all fighting okay oh my god are
you okay
what do you say up turn for some dessert
what's wrong with you I'm just nervous
girl it's my brain fighting Oh No Red
Alert red alert
do something red guy oh shit you just
punched the blue guy and now we can't do
anything come on help him up come on
dude
she's leaving come on go wait scarlet
scarlet
look I'm sorry I was an idiot back there
yeah you were
Oh what was all that I wish as nervous
just be honest just be honest
come on red brain and blue brain don't
work together you can do this yeah
cooperate yeah I know I seem crazy but
but my mind was all over the place
trying to be someone I thought you'd
like yeah but I'd like to show you the
real me
I don't know come on one more John's
gone we could go dancing I like the
sound of that oh did you have anything
else in mind
the kekkaishi
about that second day get eating let's
start a family
they're like abort abort oh they were
such a cute animation it was kind of
like inside out but it was kind of
different because it was like the two
sides of the brain okay that was really
cute and really funny all right so the
next animation is called extinguished
okay and again it's from the Ringling
College of Art Design clearly if you
guys want like a career path in like Art
and Design you need to go to this
College okay so much talent coming from
this place to the shoes that created
this were Jacob Mann and Ashley Addison
let's see their work baby a man a lady
kissy-kissy an old lady couple kissy
Kissy two men kissing kissing oh but
we've got this man who can all kissy
Kissy he's got no fire in his heart for
her it is awful
Oh flowers what no why don't you like me
a sad what's the door in his face or the
flame and his heart's gonna go away now
I get it's called extinguished oh hell
no whoo and no you see what I see ladies
gentlemen I see a new girl is moving in
oh hello uh why is she knocking on my
door
granny oh damn I think that's Hotspur oh
oh oh cheeky little ways back oh yeah oh
he's like oh shit oh yeah try to
extinguish I'll try to hide it he has
two hearts grow Oh
hello oh she's so cute oh he likes the
owner his mouths burning granny chips
are like me oh okay doing laundry see
you again oh no he's not gonna tell her
that he likes her
uh-oh she's leaving she's not visiting
granny anymore
yes he said oh hey what's up are you
doing flower
oh no he found it
Oh imagine sort of name
that was so goddamn cute the guy found
his love in his heart that was so
adorable that animation was so goddamn
cute I love that alright so the next
animation is called the wish granter
okay again coming from the Ringling
College of Art Design it was made by the
students cow Arthur no no Soph okay I'm
between her name's John MacDonald and
echo wool okay let us watch it so wish
grinder okay now this one looks really
cute I'm excited all the animations have
been great so far
okay see look at this it looks like
something from like Disney or some shit
okay it's so good okay so we've got a
man throwing a coin down a well where's
a coin going cuz I'm not gonna drop that
wish Oh what is it this is so cool oh
this guy's gonna go out there wish she's
the wish granter money is that what he
wished for money and then he can choose
whether or not he wants to wit grant the
wish
oh he found a dollar and now he's that
being gay oh that was cute I like that
okay so like this is about love remember
I look at this guy you know what he's
gonna wish for okay he's gonna wish to
see a lovely pretty girl and look a
lovely pretty girl is sheeping a wish
for a handsome man like this guy I think
she is oh they're doing the same time
they could have bloody five love come on
God then we squared they wished oh why
so sad honour the coins got jammed
oh not no oh no oh right they're not
gonna be able to find love now you can't
let that bloody run away without
fighting falling in love do something do
something quick do something oh no whoo
strike it was the guy and it's jammed
Oh imagine see what is this is he what
that what a god is he gonna shoot it
what what is that what's going on
he's going up in the outside world was
he gonna do shit with it with a love gun
is he Cupid
I'm Scott I have no idea what's gonna go
like what do you throw Oh a damn liar
it wants you turn the bit Oh what was I
as an attempt is it through that edge
what's with the dandelions Oh whoever
blows the dandelions gets their wish
and now he just threw a bone and whoever
cracks the bone gets a wish too and even
smell money while they were wishing for
money was he God what he did with his
gun oh he's going on sky
and they're gonna all know always a
shooting star they should have wished
for the shooting star but didn't see the
shooting star ah so he's trying all the
things now I get it
man oh there's the guy with the whisper
money
oh he gave me because he thought I was a
beggar that gives me an idea
wait what Oh throw the coin down the
well so it will unjam it is that we're
gonna do
is it working yes this
No No
come on oh come back
they're gonna meet
then we squad two granted the wish
always animators thank you
this should be a tryout to crotch eyes
because they're so cute I feel like
crying oh my god that is so adorable
all right so this next animation again
comes from the Ringling College of Art
and Design I'm not even kidding this
whole video is basically devoted to them
okay now the students that made this one
called chicken or the egg was Christine
Kim and Elaine woo okay I'm gonna leave
all their credits down scription let's
watch this one baby
Hakeem war film chicken or the egg okay
it's about a bloody egg and a chicken
pick up a pig eating eggs big eating
he's not even know I won oh and then he
see the little sexy chick
oh wait let me get this straight the pig
has hots for a chicken okay I'm not
gonna ask any questions he's like oh
it's trading up my time that this sexy
chickens coming this way is he gonna
talk to her oh wait he's like oh oh we
thought oh it's okay he's alive
he's like so cheeky Oh No Oh egg
surprise of the chicken the chicken lays
the eggs he's like oh she better get
ready text he's like no eggs don't blong
to be Oh No I've ruined my chances with
a sexy chicken oh the chicken would love
that corn everywhere
what a cute enough story no seriously
what the hell is this chicken do with
this God that big and now they go to the
Berbers it's love for the eggs
what does he choose to chicken oh the
ice that's the name of the running
animation step out of the piggy okay
love is more important than your love
for eggs
hold onto the railing it's just Titanic
with eggs is it Teddy to beaming right
now my eggs it's the chicken is the bank
this headaches everywhere
wow that was so cool this animation is
great
I can't me played by students oh no he's
uh no he's he's going out go eat some
eggs don't do it don't do it oh no he's
gonna eat the bloody chickens eggs then
little piggy realized that love is more
important than his love for eggs with
his the do chicken this is so funny cute
oh so what'd he do did you eat the egg
or not will we find out oh no he didn't
come home last night
I don't know why I took his lover to
fake but you know what it is about it's
still adorable ok so the next animation
again comes from the Ringling College of
Art and Design ok the student that made
it was called Justin squaw ok let us
watch it a film by Justin Scarr hello
ok then this was a 2 minutes long so the
one expecting okay we've got some old
mad is he on a date oh okay this guy got
snaked oh he thought it was a oh oh shit
Oh
Oh funny
Oh your lips you cut up the mustache
yeah brain it's if you just run your
finger oh oh oh she likes this guy this
guy could not handle this woman you bust
this poor guy for no reason oh my he
liked it they like this he loved dick
it's easy
she rides a mall parking everything oh
he likes her now
this book this little guy with this
big-ass girl can you imagine this little
guy with his woman okay that one was
silly but I kind of liked it I was
adorable I like that
all right it's now time for our very
last love animation now this one didn't
come from the Ringling College of Art
Design it was all I know is that was
made by Davey crossed our LCD dad's
Kosovo Korea
Adrian carve it and Charlotte furnace or
the camel buddy okay yeah I'm really bad
at pronouncing names they're French
okay so just leave me alone okay I'm
trying my best alright we start off in a
lovely Park with a man walking down let
me guess he's gonna find love wait why
is he running off to his story history
two couples I don't know what that means
history of cut of two couples I guess um
I mean I'm no I'm no French speaker but
uh yes alright what'd he just do just
throw something in there
okay oh oh he found a girl on her phone
and what after being out for two seconds
he's in love with her okay
what okay
oh now they're going on a day off the
meeting for like two seconds always
trying to do the spaghetti thing I try
to get a kiss oh yeah it really work now
he's going to see a movie with us oh
let's go try and kiss her oh she doesn't
seem that interested what she's asking
to move it okay this is going quite fast
she hasn't said a word to you or she's
been on enough a phone I stick to
pictures of her - he's trying so hard
and she just doesn't care
Oh washing up she doesn't care dude I
thought oh okay just electrocute himself
I dude I don't think this is the right
girl for you okay you're doing all this
stuff with her and all she seems to care
about as a phone okay no he's trying to
be the phone cuz that's the other thing
she likes but even the roller coasters
on her phone
what is she doing even at the beach is
on our phone
dude achieving she don't like him do ice
coming home after a late night with the
shopping
oh no he's sick of up uh-oh the shelter
oh man
this isn't true love dude you're at the
robbed girl you need to leave
he's like bubbles no table tennis no
it's over the head
this is turn side he hasn't found to
lover all he's bought he's having to
play cards with the bear oh this is not
true love he has to leave he said
oh we've got another girl with the same
situation or this guy cares about this
is his table tennis oh they took the
book okay and now they're in love wait
they're using these guys as stance
what's going on we had animation they
just they better love after two seconds
wives okay okay guys I'm gonna end the
video here that was me reacting some
more animations if you guys like me
doing this okay as soon as you reach
20,000 likes I'll upload another one
anyway guys thank you so much watching
be sure to check all the original
creators down description down below and
I'll see you in the next video man
slender guys love you Baba
