hey guys this is mr. selfish now this is
gonna be a slightly different type of
video okay as you can see how bloody
scared man
I am scared lays German because I think
my house is a bloody haunted that's
right I believe it's a bloody ghost
somewhere in my house now before you say
well guys I am not joking about this you
think I would just make a video just
saying I there's a ghost in my house of
abuse
yes no no see I knew you guys would
believe me okay so what I did is I came
up with evidence plot evidence that
ghosts are living in my bloody house
Robert Robert the ghost son here the
gorse are coming to get me and we need
to do something about it right now
okay okay you know about the ghost thing
right no there's a ghost living and you
have to see this I have got evidence
Robert evidence of the ghost living in
God I have to see the ghost Robert you
don't believe in ghosts do you
no no not one bit not one little bit
know that the spirit could be anywhere I
knew you wouldn't believe me I know
everyone here is not gonna believe me
okay so what I have done the past couple
of days some spooky shitty what has
happened all right in this house you
probably have even known okay but I have
evidence of some spooky shit that's been
going on without me
my first thing okay late last night okay
not even joking I was hearing some
spooky scary noises okay I was in bed
alright so I heard this it woke me up
okay okay so I brought out my phone
started recording alright and then as
soon as I started recording it stopped
the noise has stopped okay
could you believe that how convenient
that as soon as you went to record the
sound and stop happening Robert just
listen to this clip that I've got
guys when you're gonna shop listen
their son
your heart I didn't hear anybody did not
hear anything
what does shit is wrong with you okay
keep listening shit
oh my bloody God he said course that's
the crash bandicoot meme what that's
Crash Bandicoot no listen if you don't
believe me I'll just listen to the
second clip okay there's another clip
that alyssa just watch this okay if that
didn't convince ooh this one bloody will
okay now what I did late last night I
set up my camera okay now I had the
camera running all night all right July
just to see if there's anything spooky
poop we couldn't happen in my living
room all right so I'm going to bed right
yeah all right it was really late it was
like 1:00 a.m. okay so I'm off to bed
okay and there you go there you see me
all right set up the camera boom I'm
gone
you've got kitty over there sleeping
okay right now I'm gonna fast-forward to
late even later that night did you look
at kitty okay look
yes look look he's seeing something was
he looking at each sleeps like that no
look it's looking at something look we
see the camera he doesn't know where the
camera goes come on I gotta find this
shit I gonna find the shit wait for it
wait for it
Oh go are you stupid
dude you can see your feet right there
those are you're wearing the same socks
you're wearing the same socks right now
as you are in this video dude okay okay
all right that one was fake okay alright
but I go one more ever it's okay I swear
that my house is horny okay so a couple
of days ago I was filming a Simpsons
video okay as you know I'm doing a
series on Stan's all right now in the
middle of my recording I decided to go
for a poo okay
now in the middle of my pool okay I left
the camera running what you will see us
recording Robert will blow your mind
oh hey Robert now what I'm going to do
is focus on the water bottle in the
corner okay as soon as I leave the room
some spooky shit happens okay okay here
we go I'm leaving it okay and look at
the water portal in the corner look at
it look at it Robert you see that yeah
it just moved
Oh could it how did you do that see it's
totally moving by itself I clearly know
what's behind it that's pulling it or
whatever that's clearly a ghost okay so
you believe me now that the house is
haunted right no I mean I was weird but
I thought it was planning me trying to
convince you okay but I've got a plan B
can I go back to work now shut up now
the one thing I noticed about all three
of these clips is that they all happened
at 3:00 a.m. so I've been doing a little
bit of research and apparently there is
an app where you can hunt and gaps
ghosts tonight at exactly 3:00 a.m. we
are going to go ghost hunting baby I
don't know exactly who were gonna fall
we're gonna call it something weird
Oh
wake up wake up Robert Robert Robert
only wake up your shit Robert wake up
the ghosts I was joking but no come on
I'm dressed up as a Ghostbuster never
joy come on dude come on it's 2:00 a.m.
ghosts are coming in a Batman it's like
two o'clock come on no come on I just
wait to hold the camera I just want I
just want to film you leave yeah I'll
just be five minutes come on just five
minutes all right I'm going to launch
the ghost attachments that's really our
goal since focus dude sorry yeah okay
the cop is here now as you can see all
right it won't detect a ghost okay first
let's check the live
okay ghosts ghosts it is any ghost
sooo just say okay I'm not getting
anything more but I'm not getting
anything probably okay I'm Danny shut up
if there's a goes to a party there's a
ghost behind me okay
you see anything no does your app say
there's something that does shit is that
what does shit it's on the stairs if on
the stairs on the stairs on the stairs
it looks like a girl it looks like a
girl oh my god anyone promise you Robert
there's nothing there dude dude I'm
telling you I told you my house is
haunted there was literally a girl there
right there well it does look like where
does she go on and on shoes to go right
we're now going to my kitchen okay
stupid idiot ghost are you in the
kitchen if there's a cozy shot Robert
take this seriously come on man okay
anything it's behind me again
look over there look over there look
over that you see you think you see
anything
goes what does oh my god it was right
there was outside it was outside dude
please don't tell me we're going okay if
there's any ghosts here we are outside
please
can you appear for us
I think the ghost was over there horse
goes to where here second the Google's
the 30th time so we will be I can ask
questions dude I could have sworn I saw
something outside do to do I'm pretty
sure the ghost is just literally in my
underwear dude go on
dude you want to catch this ghost or not
no I do dude come on please we just
we'll be outside like five minutes
promise you five minutes ghost is just
nearby if this ghost gets away then oh
I'm never gonna let the air be there
there I'm never gonna hear the end of it
okay if I don't capture this ghost come
on five minutes five minutes five
minutes dude this is such a waste of
time it's like 3:00 a.m. listen to me
I've been checking out my bloody gold
stuff okay it says the ghost of driving
come on Robert at the finest shine
listen I'm a bloody ghost hunter okay
you see this outfit what is this outfit
oh it's patches out of it it's very fast
the ghost busters yeah those bushes
shit
ghosts come out come out wherever you
are you haunting me all last night watch
of course but now well you shit face
mother shit bullshit
no Robert what is it there it says it's
a ghost behind me we're gonna turn
around in truth okay come with me okay
all right
three I want to join my free gift card
giveaway story okay where we are
standing right now a little ten-year-old
girl
her body was no shut up now you're
making you're making that up
I'm not sure yes you are look how spooky
I look you think I'm joking at this time
of night is too I have a new thing I'm
ready Joey Crawford look behind you
now my god what was that
Brendon Brett Brandon Brett are you not
here Brandon
okay no no no no no no no no no okay I
literally do not know where Brandon went
um okay this is not okay okay what okay
what is that no are you are you kidding
me dude I literally had no idea where
you were
are you kidding me who loses a person
just literally running behind you you're
such an idiot I was looking at you from
over there you didn't know where I was
lost signal loss what do you mean ah
this app stupid robber why'd you make me
download this shit okay this is actually
getting stupid now we're walking around
for like 10 minutes
mmm what Robert what snow what time is
301 okay yeah nope dude I told you this
is the time where ghosts come out okay
dude I've watched like a thousand
YouTube videos they all say videos
videos just like you really think
someone would do that just go on the
internet and tell lies
exactly Oh Buster said it himself you'll
know the memes here ghosty ghosty ghosty
little girl I know you died here dude
I'm not I'm not joking you see her body
was found here dude it was all over the
news do you not watch the news dude once
we find this captain find his ghost and
capture it I'll be a millionaire I won't
know you you think I'll be making these
stupid shit YouTube rules when I'm a
ghost
Brendon Brendon oh okay Wow Brandon
Brandon Brandon Brandon Rick okay do I
know that that's you in the sheet again
Brandon come on dude I know that that's
you again I know that that's you in the
sheet you just did that I'm not gonna
fall for that again dude no me
you
