hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is your boy mess yourself here baby
and today lay Sherman we are gonna be
reacting to some near-death experiences
now death is inevitable okay
you could die any goddamn second all
right drones could just come out of
nowhere you could be just recording a
YouTube video and then all of a sudden a
car crash can happen Oh No
that was close did you guys see there
was a car crash oh my god oh yeah you
guys can pretty much die at any moment
okay so there has been a couple of clips
online of people you know who nearly
died on video but then they ended up you
know like saving their lives okay so
today we're gonna be reacting to this
okay because reaction videos is all I do
now is because I'm what it's what I'm
best at okay alright please don't stop
watching my videos because I'll be on
the street please okay so we got to go
she's got an umbrella it's raining
outside seems normal okay
I don't see how she's gonna possibly die
out of this okay she seems everything
seems fine okay oh hell no let me see
this again alright so I heard a rumor
that an umbrella could attract what we
see you about to die oh god okay that's
kind of scary alright getting hit by
lightning is probably the worst way to
oh my god oh my god dude oh my god oh my
god what are you expecting okay did this
guy really tried to backflip a moving
car oh look guys you can see the exact
frame okay it just skimmed his leg and
made him to do what to pack lips oh no
okay I know what this clip is alright
for some reason on YouTube there's a
bunch of guys with GoPros and they
aren't they are just obsessed about
going as far as they can okay don't go
don't die oh no what's he doing
Oh God uh what's he doing always trying
to climb on the roof all this guy's a
stupid dumb shit I swear Oh God look oh
no oh my god okay okay okay I could not
do this look just even know wave weapon
oh shit man oh no what's he doing now is
he doing one hand
oh he's grabbing the GoPro oh this guy's
stupid man oh I can't watch this okay
what have you just slipped and fell okay
Oh God okay I can't I could not watch
this Jesus Christ okay so we've got a
guy on a GoPro again how is it gonna die
nearly was that
Oh God oh god he's gonna get eaten by
dogs oh oh
they stopped oh who is this owners of
the dog sure dogs okay try to kill me I
don't know about laughs all right what
kind of guy gives attacked by like 20
random dogs I mean they don't look like
stray dogs but you never know they could
be okay well anyway all right this guy's
reactions hilarious Oh God
Oh did this right break work of Falls
whoa Satan no no it wasn't that much of
a bigger fault okay I'm pretty sure that
guy was okay I'm loving the fact that
everyone started screaming when he fell
it's okay guys I've got it don't worry
about it that's it just cuts there you
know we'll never know what happened to
Andy okay did she did she did she fall
okay because her friend clearly told her
not to fall that was the one thing he
told her not to do oh okay
houses and sale she knocked out in the
cage give a shit oh shit my friends dead
you know yeah Megan oh my goodness yeah
okay if you're gonna do this prank you
know don't do it so hard because they
actually knocked her out from the the
strength of that hit oh these guys are
pulling an anchor okay
is that a rhino no oh we can do about
the Rhino was that their attempt of
scaring away the Rhino going oh no oh
hell no Oh No
is he on like a power crate or something
oh my goodness oh look where he is I
think he's on like a power grid or
something
it's he gonna scale down he's worried
about his phone oh no he's gonna scale
down oh look he's doing it oh oh oh my
god me like like dude just gonna skim
down okay okay and then there he goes
he's now gonna just scale down what kind
of crazy-ass man all right and you got
yourself to the bottom there you go it
could have died but it's okay
all is this a train it's a moving train
all know is that a talking wife I know
this train drivers best oh my goodness
imagine if they actually like hit that
car like people have died trying to race
trains I know just gonna do that one
idiot okay a couple of guys walking on a
beach how how you're gonna die
everything seems fine look you can see
the exact moment where the lightning
hits okay and look that the screen goes
all flashy okay and then you can see it
just behind him look it happen
literally just behind him oh my god
Jesus Christ alright lightning a scary
man that shit can happen you know to
anyone okay Oh what's this this scheme
oh no don't walk past road accidents
again oh there's an ambulance there look
there's an ambulance there
Oh God be careful be careful be careful
be careful oh god oh god oh oh oh my god
what an idiot please alright if you're
crossing the road you need to be careful
alright if you hear an ambulance
alright it's not just cause that have to
do you know listen up and you know let
the ambulances go through the traffic
you know pedestrians should also you
know be be very well aware of them - man
if I cut this short clip with like a
curb your enthusiasm theme
she's that okay okay okay all right okay
oh goes the train coming here on yeah he
was gone looking at rates coming oh no
is that is that oh oh it's a whale I
thought it was a shark
oh it's not a killer well no no oh this
guy's his I'm just a surfboard by
himself purse oh is it a dolphin what is
this
oh no whatever it is all right it's very
interested in him oh god okay I think
that might have been I don't know
someone explained that to me in the
comments okay this next clip oh my
goodness wait is this cat sitting on
what sitting on oh no no what was that
cat sitting on
oh my god look like a man that's kind of
sad what if this cat is depressed okay
and you know he wants to jump okay all
right this this poor suicidal cat for
sorry for it oh my goodness what are
they doing I think writing the back of a
bus oh god are they gonna jump off it
aren't they
my god they gonna oh shit right oh hey
Wow okay yeah dumb dumb ass people man
oh because I catch going past the rails
oh my goodness look how high up this cat
is okay this cats kind of brave what if
this cat slipped okay oh my goodness
what is this guy doing water slide okay
he's got a parachute right okay Jesus
okay yes some people man all right they
just want like thrills in their life
Jesus Christ I mean I mean I I would
want thrills too but not to the point
where and you know I could risk my life
oh my goodness look at this shit oh my
god
I'm I'm just trying to process this
picture right now okay so these guys
climbed up this thing and not only that
is that this woman then got on top of of
what I'm presuming her boyfriend's
shoulders and took this selfie like
really are you gonna do all this just to
take a selfie okay oh my goodness guys I
can't just stop staring at this clip
okay it kind of freaks me out oh my what
is going on here
oh my god I can't stop staring at this
clip these guys are just standing there
this guy's just sitting here I can't
okay stop looking at it
okay he's freaking me out oh my god oh
god oh I think I've seen this before I
think this guy on the right just nearly
like gets hit by this car oh god look
look look look look oh my god can you
imagine like what an idiot how close was
that enough very close yeah oh my
goodness look at this mmm you're cause
you'll kill your kids in front of your
car no oh no no no don't tell me this is
stupid he knows that this kid no oh oh
oh okay the kids okay oh my goodness
what an idiot did you not know that this
kids playing in front of your car oh my
god it's the fact that he actually ran
over this kid but luckily he was so
small that he just stayed under it oh my
word okay this this guy's an absolute
idiot what an idiot oh Jesus Christ oh
okay
rushon - Jesus Christ look at this he's
out of the window the front shield just
broke and he just popped out
wow what a lucky guy oh my goodness this
guy is just asking for trouble this guy
is just asking for trouble
oh no no he can't die oh it's gonna
perish you oh my god imagine if he died
okay I couldn't show that if he died oh
my goodness guys all right this is why
you don't want to be doing shit like
this okay this guy just fell okay I
don't even know he had a parachute Jesus
cry okay guys I can't all right I'm a
guys I'm ending the video here all right
I actually feel kind of sick these
people they all nearly died all right
please do not do anything dumb and
harmful to any to anyone or yourself all
right just just don't go outside okay
she's just staying watch myself videos
all right you'll live to be a hundred
okay yeah that's a fact okay guys I'm
ending the video there thank you guys so
much for watching if you want me to make
a pot - leave a like thousand likes I'll
do that either way thank you so much
watching bye bye
