hello
is that a home mother a homosexual house
they were doing as much as Sophia today
we are back yet again with GSM I am
making a second video and since is hit
and run the first video did so amazing
it had 26,000 likes where's that Maggie
so now I wasn't planning on doing this
game as a series but if we can reach 15
okay but if not all right so I believe
every single chapter is a different like
place and location around Springfield
look it's bots on our roller pile is it
woman running so funny I like this game
okay let's talk to the stupid nut I
gotta get the new bone storm I'll be his
uncle's Milhouse I'm standing right here
Bart principal Skinner's looking for
everyone that skipped school today
oh no I skipped school today okay so I'm
trying to buy a game but stupid
principal Skinner's in my ass no
problemo no problemo
wicked oh no principal Skinner's on my
ass all right so I think Bart's car is
this rocket ship I think it was in one
episode where Homer Bart built this shit
I don't know whatever works
don't say that about spring football Oh
No the cattle my ass and I fixed my call
I can just by collecting a spanner on
the road hey Bart you'd want to buy this
video game I could do a handstand I just
don't want to I want to see too late
losers that last game nice finger
discount they stole it with his favorite
video games don't kill people they just
kill their minds yeah wait press action
good I'd like to call no dude seriously
though you wanna buy some weed now I'll
talk to carny video games are so late
90s illegal fireworks are all the rave
now or make it snappy though if you want
to be part of this trend okay so I want
to buy this video game but this kid was
like fireworks that's what I'm gonna do
now instead of explosions I'm gonna have
fireworks just popping in and everywhere
okay okay I've got collect fireworks
around the town I just realized this
games of love just driving around to
places drive to most know I like Moe
especially when I plan :
hello is that a whole mother a
homosexual hey how's it going
you don't know if anyone sells we do you
toss one box of your finest quality
Chinese frog launchers please yeah two
kilos of Chinese sky candy
they'll blue you know he's just gonna
give me a legal fireworks oh thank you
author enter most I get to go to most
uh-huh it's most happen uh those pickled
eggs okay we got Barney our drinking
were it appears to be varnish oh this
sure does that's my brilliant Barney and
president I can go on the slot machine
oh it's a flaming Moe we're gonna speak
this to blossom oh sorry but I can't
serve bows to a mine it ain't right I
never got fireworks
oh hell yeah now go talk to snake let me
guess to get more fireworks yo it's the
BART man you want to buy some fireworks
Bart okay that was a pretty good
oppression come on now one dozen of your
best tea a lot of toilet crackers my
goodness please here you go kid dude now
don't blow your hand off no no your
heads off whoa look at all this you've
got a whole different part of town it's
like a cry across the clouds float over
here oh wait no I'm gonna tie my sheet
pouch in about testing shit if mommy's
purse didn't belong in the microwave
then why did it fit Paul Ralph such an
idiot as the police officer they're just
watching as I'm like kicking this kid oh
shoot I probably should do sorry about
that but then again it is pretty funny
how it's kicking that kid well weird in
the hood is that you got access to your
old man's fireworks stash let's make my
ears yeah my daddy's going to put you in
jail you listen to me right now Ralph us
right the guard if your dad was Mitchell
okay you're looking at five life
sentences bullshit of community service
community service chief Wickham's right
over that oddly enough he's not chasing
me oh well there you go
Oakley take this joker Oh
go that didn't really like all either we
fuck the law and I oh great now we go
talk to Comic Book Guy
most Misha self video ever shut up
you're fat aw I should give you a
fucking nerd peach job I must be the
first to register my disgust in the
internet regarding the new McBaine film
okay shut up wait what now I gotta race
this guy with kuzey okay oh this game is
just drive this drive back it's like
shit but I still love it okay I don't
know why I won the race Professor Frink
posted a message on my news group bought
dud furry animals dot fanfiction.net
that he has brought up all the remaining
video games
oh okay so we did all that to get the
game but we just found out the game sold
out so we did that for nothing
homework talk to Frank
maybe he has the video game that I want
Oh Frank you want to buy this video game
no can do my pointy-headed friend I need
the power of video game violence to run
my latest invention slash monster okay
if you find me a world war 2
communication radio and a satellite let
my creation will live and we can play
with it and enjoy the frolicking okay
okay so we need to now go find an old
radio okay yeah oh do I have to drive
that oh I think what I have to chase
this guy wait what's going on okay so I
think there's a story going on around
here that these black vans are like
surveilling people okay I don't know
yeah totally
awesome shut up bot oh it's snake snake
I want snakes caustics gosh no let's
talk to chief Wiggum hey there boy I'm a
pig what's the other thing you hear
Hermes been robbed oh no the guy who
needs the radio form has been robbed
okay oh it was snake who robbed him
maybe I can rob him back with his car no
I can't get in it yeah
um do I know you listen dude I just you
our fault
no way little dude this radio is going
to help me score buku day chicks
why don't we race for the radio whoo if
we win I think we get snakes car mats
this car is so cool look it's red it's a
convertible it has a bloody snake on the
bloody side okay I need to be careful
because a couple of bumps my car will
blow up all right we know where that
happen Mikasa burning alive just yet
don't hit me don't hit me don't hit me
oh no baby
that's right snake now piss off I want
to drive a car no I think you could
drive a later on in the game trust me
guys when I Drive that car I look so
cool
okay now go talk to clear us for some
reason oh hey bar bar well hey there
have you seen any sexy cousins around
anywhere hey there mr. stotch a yokel
that be I know you sound like this if
you help me scoop up my flat meat
sophisticated city youngster so let me
get this straight
I'm collecting roadkill for me to sell
to the the Krusty Burger before I pull
sells it in his shop why are we eating
dead dead things off the road woody dad
no get him away coffee burgers are made
of roadkill what explains the tire
tracks
Oh okay so he gave me a satellite for
doing that I don't know what's going on
what do you guys to do is leave a
comment and who's your favorite
character in The Simpsons as a kid mine
was Bart Simpson okay but now I think
Homer is alright so I had to collect a
bunch of shit for Frank drive to the
screaming monkey Medical Center what hi
everybody my monkeys have escaped can
you catch them for me
I'll be so grateful why will they come
back you because I have tortured them
horribly silly
I need the plow truck or diamond will
have to buy shit oh hey bud I need your
truck Homer did I give you that because
I love you babe
sucker it's 200 coins luckily I have to
do ad oh I'm again crushed that's not
good okay we have to collect monkeys
using mr. plow that that's the mission
we're doing right now mr. plow that's my
name that name again is mr. plow and the
lost monkey welcome home dad these
little angels now to put the electrodes
in your brain oh okay Frank is building
something and that's why he needs all
these items from this random suits and
characters do I have everything now so
can I see the truckasaurus thing yeah
the Souris thing unfortunately there are
too many people using cell phone so you
don't use your phone while driving you
could crash like this I killed him for
using a phone while driving I did it I'm
so grateful and happy
professor Frank I've been running around
driving around town to do a dumb shit
you're gonna show up with this monster
truck thing you're walking on a wall
there it is
source is some kind of trouble last
dinosaur never would have guessed
law wait
the game
is there a possible Madigan dog did by
Elliot the plot it has thickened he just
abducted votes they're going to go up my
ass
oh shit what's gonna happen next find
out in the next episode okay guys so
like I said before I didn't want to turn
this into a series but you guys seem to
really like it
15,000 likes I will make another episode
I think every single chapter shows
another character I think next is Lisa
either way though let me know if you
want to see more thank you guys so much
watching and I'll see you in the next
video man so the guys love you Baba
