Oh oh hey guys I didn't see you there
now we all cry ourselves to sleep yeah
no just me anyway today I feel like
crying okay so what we are going to be
doing today is we're going to be
reacting to the saddest animations on
YouTube yeah that's right mesh
yourselves now doing reaction videos I
don't get it because we hated it a
couple of months ago and now for some
reason we're okay with it so you know
what I'm gonna start doing it actually
you know what I think I might do a
reaction series okay if we reach like
10,000 likes I might start doing them
like once a week anyway so the first
animation is called the present
animation University okay okay okay
playing games I love puppies so sad got
to say I'm gonna cry this second out the
puppy puppy hey brother just sit ups
won't playing games
I would love a new puppy okay
puppies like I see the ball I'm a dog I
don't care about being kicked I just see
about okay I know the dog slut got one
leg but why he just ran into a door okay
okay one more time okay anyway he's like
but okay I see the ball go get about
play with the ball okay oh you wanna
play ball
oh it's only got one leg II can't even
run oh this kids like this stupid puppy
okay can't even run properly he's got
one leg we serve our time of his life
look now he's playing with the box
himself see it gets laughing now it's
like it is I don't know Nick that dogs
cute as hell but I don't like it still
cuz only got four legs three nights Oh
play with the ball oh he's trying so
hard even though he's had got three legs
no he's thanks Bob they were the bomb
yeah yeah
let's pick up the ball he's gonna go
play with the play with him puppy he's
got quite shit he got no leg say mr.
puppy oh oh so his mom got him a puppy
with no leg so okay that's a real fell
good moment look at him playing ball
with his puppy okay I thought this kid
was being a spoiled little brat but I
think the kid thought his mum was taking
pity of him because buying him a dog
with no legs even though he's got no leg
but the dog was trying hard you know and
he was like you know what I should try
to okay before we move on to the next
animation I am gonna be linking the all
the original videos down description
okay go check out the original craze
okay alright now the next animation
we're gonna be watching if something
called children now this was also made
by a student by the name of dr. Theo
Okada he went to Trident computer
College of Information Technology okay
starts off with a guy with a zipper for
a face and our doggy
why is he got a number okay it's cool
children so I'm guessing he's a child I
the kids like oh she's a better brother
puppy's died and shit what's more the
puppy assault on these videos okay so
it's like an industrial
okay what is with these children is the
bloody death march bum bum bum
oh it's school the children at school
they're all studying Oh they've all got
numbers okay I feel as a better chair
like all students are just being
brainwashed to learn the same shit
there's just another one okay
playtime the teachers watching them play
soccer now it's one one do - oh shit
they're so evenly matched because all
the kids are the same taking the test
they get in their papers back well done
Timmy you got a hundred percent would
like you Billy Oh hundred percent what
about you Phillip oh why don't you
present to all the kids again the same
now these kids are getting brainwashed
okay got the zippers for mouse because
they can't say shit okay
doggy Oh No but it's all you're gonna
die
why doggy
and it seems some shit they're all doing
drawings now the same shit seriously
this is kind of creepy
okay I'm any bit sad oh the kid Oh
skills
oh what a girl shoot they're like oh
shit yeah well done 10/10 it's a lot of
girls okay
still give it's still getting a hundred
percent okay you can see the hidden
message here okay oh oh it's gonna go
crazy let's go it's gonna unzip it's if
I'd be like okay they jumped he's like
what's the matter okay I've never seen
the Cape this act is crazy before the
boys escaped oh it's number four eight
four four eight three oh shit he seems
fine on paper but uh you okay oh he's
gonna
guys guys keep going crazy they don't
wanna have no difference in that house
freedom freedom shit in five you can
open their mouth no doggy's gonna get
run over again you save the puppy
the puppy died breathing oh shit he died
okay anyway go check out Takuya covary
talented guy alright now the next
animation is called changing batteries
now I believe this was also made by a
student I probably these students are
making these like high quality
animations okay this student went to
multimedia University in Malaysia
okay sunny-side-up productions presents
changing batteries oh okay I can tell
it's gonna be sad okay you got your
tissues okay you can start crying we
start off in a house it is the fifth of
July doorbell okay we've got a granny
with a package from Amazon Amazon Prime
and Gradius at one point she's like oh
my god she put she's she brought in the
whole box myself sorry mom couldn't make
it back again this year here is
something for you John
oh so John just gave his mom a present
instead of visiting her granny just
wants a visitor
she doesn't want no bloody amazon bryant
package what's in the box anyway okay
but the ship is metal it's a robot oh
shit
turn that shit up it gave granny a robot
granny knows how to use a robot the guy
is like I don't give a shit about you
robot you clean my house he's like me
boom okay I will clean house man granny
just wants a friend but she's got mr.
robot just doing slave work okay
I can see I can see the robot just
turning on her just killing her but no
that would be sad though I mean know
what kind of sad anyway
oh what's Robert doing now he's sitting
down said go back to whack you stupid
robot okay we've got granny what you all
knows he's I told you it's gonna fuck me
it's gonna kill her okay gonna kill her
she's gonna comfort her give her blankie
oh she's like blankie come from wait
robots what's he TV
wait watch TV here he wants to come to
the circus what is this well it fix what
why is the robot watching TV he was
meant to be cleaning and shit and now
what is he he's drinking oil oh shit oh
my goodness oh oh it's like his son for
granny oh wait what he's got lot he's
low on power
brandy your son's gonna die your robots
are gonna die yeah you bet over charlie
you made you change the batteries
always called changing batteries
animation now I get it
she changed it back to what okay is she
just not no stop cleaning now always
happy to see granny he bought the my hat
oh the clinic from dr. Wong Oh
coughing oh no granny's gonna die robot
give her tea that will help Oh take a
medicine premium not royal he's like I
laugh seriously okay I got this is kind
of sad because gratis alone I'm the only
one she she's friends with it's a robot
but uh yeah oh he wants to see the
circus he's like granny circus is today
and she's like oh I brought it boards
wanna go to the circus okay alright
we're going to the circus now come on
mr. robot grinding
Oh
Oh
that's not I still help people work you
can't just change the batteries like
that robot granny all of us case trying
so many batteries
mr. Volpone
it's ready
is
hello okay happy music did he go to the
circus that I know what he's just taking
care of the house
even though granny's dead did he talk
cause he's got no one to change his
batteries he died and went to heaven and
saw granny what he's like yeah that's
cuz the circus now granny let's go to
the circus in heaven okay and then they
went to the circus the end okay alright
that was a very weird one
it was class sad the robot trying to
change granny's batteries even though
she died but yeah I don't get that
ending why they in heaven okay robots
don't go to heaven next animation we're
gonna be watching it's called in a
heartbeat now this video else bring Gort
of we're going viral recently so you
guys may have seen it this animation was
from two students called Beth David and
Esteban Bravo okay they went to the
Ringling College of Art and Design okay
let's see what these guys made okay in a
heartbeat
okay now these animations so far just
been so well made now oh look look how
sick this animation kid this kid like
look at this animation it's so high
quality okay it's kids running away from
this guy shit
we'll see running away from look at my
koala innocent this this looks like a
movie why is he spine
oh what a dream King oh he's like yeah
yeah what a dreamy boy oh oh he likes
them look at how hot is mrs. Hart's
being oh snap oh no oh the heart wanted
to tell you that he loves you
oh no he's listed in the Apple now this
is so cute oh no don't eat it oh it's
gonna kiss OH
holding hands he's like oh that's sorry
about that man
oh oh oh you better get your heart oh
he's like hey what's up man how's it
going what's up with this kid Oh No okay
now all right it's a gay thing right so
I hope that the school kids are like not
me
because that's what I see this isn't I
see it turning to a sad that way look I
just wanna give up it was a terribly
loves him
she's that's such a coordination this is
so good I probably two people made this
they must have made it for like that
like school project like Jesus Christ
oh it's loving this boy oh no grab the
heart got the heart
he knows that he likes him
oh he's shy oh no I told you guys the
school kids are like what's up with
these gays boys why it's cool it's on me
no party or decide or decide he's
embarrassed no no party man that's sad
okay
why can't Dubois just just love each
other okay he's now just sitting there
all alone with a broken heart
rest in peace party okay Easter hello
boy
you're gonna give back my hot little boy
listen man it's okay man let's put your
heart back together man come on now yes
right Oh are they gonna
say to each other her dad's bitch
oh it's about two guys loving each other
and this video just goes to show it is
okay to love another man okay I love all
you guys out there watching I love you
kisses where every one of you all right
now time for a very lost animation now
this animation comes from Hannah grace
now Hannah grace also made this as a
student okay I think it was a very first
project she says she took an animation
class at K VCC I don't know what that
where that is or what that is but you
know let's see her very first project
all right it's called overcome what
could that mean we're gonna find out
okay this is Hannah
on the laptop you're wasting your time
wasting your time a lot on I'm not doing
work 18th birthday hooray I don't know
you're not doing a good enough you're
not prepared nobody cares wait it's it's
her birthday and she's all alone I'm
already good the gray which is in the
phone don't get your hopes up you'll
never be that good she looks better than
you oh she's on Instagram looking at
people's talented people okay a bunch of
people I love hanging out with my
friends there's seriously no other group
I'd rather be with tonight you have no
friends they hate you oh she's crying is
that is that her happy birthday to my
sweet little girl from Karen oh that
mummy
that was her oh bloody pictures moving
it's a gift no it's not a gift
yeah it's coming to life oh no she's
having a vision
hello oh where is she now she and bloody
limbo where the bloody hell is she Oh Oh
what just came out of her bloody arm Oh
Oh it's not it's a younger version of
her now it was the picture of the girl a
little girly for 18th birthday she's
waving oh she's got a Colorado Oh huh
she's drawing with a crayon she's
expressing herself as a kid oh man kids
are so innocent you're not talented
oh no wait what Oh Oh doctor
don't tell the little girl that that's
not what the girl wanted to hear she
just wants to express herself
oh no circle know what's gonna be in the
circle
I know oh no I'm gonna cry
she's joining a pic chances the girl and
then she sold it to a friend and her
friend says that stupid and now she's
sad and then oh boy push ha ha that's
funny what's what was when I hand she's
she's she's playing hide and seek and no
one found her why she go oh no she's
ugly she does mean all their chains
you're not good enough stop trying
you're a failure
don't say that Hana you'll win nobody
likes you all gathered they don't want
you worthless unsociable Oh No she's got
so many chains on how she grew up
she's sound and crying her not way that
little girl go guys
where's that little girl oh what's that
it don't tell me she's like wrapped
around in chain spoon
oh shit just because she told him no no
no you know what love no no no another
chain was I did oh my god this is sad
oh no cry no oh no all her life she's
just been told bad things and now she
believes it
she just hope you got yourself little
girl you matter okay did that remove a
chain doesn't move all the chains damn
all you need sometimes is to just tell
yourself that you matter okay don't
believe any of this stupid boys are
bullies or whatever who have a shit
saying some dumb shit to you come on get
up Hannah okay you matter you matter go
to and open the blinds let some light in
the house come on Hannah okay happy
music happy happy yeah happy dance
yeah she's happy now you can do this you
can do this he's happy ending oh what a
cute thing I fell by Oh Hannah
Spengler that was so cute
okay oh there she is waters children
with big hearts that are weighed down by
the words and action of others remember
to let yourself be creative and free
what a beautiful message so if you go
and read her description it says this
was a very personal project for me as it
touches on my anxiety and depression a
couple years ago thank God I've gotten
through those dark times
I'm hoping this film will impact others
in a positive way ci when I read the
description on that I really wanted to
show you guys this because like that's
kind of relatable you know I remember
loads of times when they're growing up
you know like a lot of my friends would
go out you know and not invite me to
stuff you know but that's okay you know
because like you matter at the end of
the day either way though I hope you
guys enjoyed this video it's kind of sad
I don't know if you guys want me to turn
this into a series maybe weekly once a
week 10,000 likes I'll definitely do
that either way though thank you guys so
much for watching I really hope you did
enjoy and I'll see you in the next video
man slowly guys love you back
