how old are you really sixteen Oh
everyone how is it worth doing is much a
selfie and today leizerman we are
playing ducks what swap right we're
gonna get laid boys girls can't I found
a game where it's like tinder the game
and you know me okay mister ladies man
all right so handsome so good-looking
how am I being a single for four years I
have no idea
no but seriously mess yourself needs to
get a girlfriend so we're going on the
App Store
we'll finally download admission install
this very ragged tinder shit okay we got
to have a username tribe baby we have to
go straight in there if we want to suck
some titties we got to be straight with
them okay we got this guy he's called
guy soft I don't want no guy does it
look like I'm gay I'm gay
no what I believe
all right that's enough enough titty
jokes all right now I think I've done
like five so far okay I can't see her
face but you know what she's a woman so
I like that shoe
he is beautiful
please mess with me Nicolas Cage please
match with me your blanks Oh Carolyn
okay oh look at that blue Tom you know
that means she's been sucking some
Smurfs okay that's when you can you know
cut me early because you know you're not
doing it right
SWAT right okay I swipe right to like
five of these girls but no one's matched
with me yet I know this guy I feel like
he's a really bad guy this clearly isn't
a guy but I'll swipe right anyway here
we go boys we're getting in Heather with
the big personality this girl let's talk
to her what should we say hey sup oh
hello oh shit this is I can't deal with
this okay let's start with a hello this
girl bloody spell he did this sucker
great and you are you bloody retarded no
okay what do you say well your spelling
makes you look like a bloody retard why
do you care bitch oh you are teacher or
something no I'll teach her but you
could make a little effort you let go oh
so funny I like you what funny
you're done just cause she's dumb
doesn't mean I can so dr. dot what are
you doing I'm also listening some tools
man missing some tools allow pools like
this one hello miss well what you're
listening to
he can't sing for shit down this girl
sure does talk like an idiot maybe she's
really young how old are you really
mr. cops oh wait this is a video game
okay I would die you think let's go just
go see 1619 dot job or what should I say
you shouldn't be here then that's true
okay
she's 16 this place went to be a tea
bush I say long okay
brush off the fact that she's 16 I'm
bloody slap-up it is later on I can't
get forward on 16 year old I don't want
to go in jail okay okay
mister girl you should not to be on here
okay this is an older what's a hanger I
would just dab on my hairs okay focus
with me dab oh I see a hater that's
right I'm not hating bitch okay cool
Oh what are you doing oh shit I should
be talking this girl she's 16 I'm
cooking dinner bitch girls cook it
enough money how are you oh shit okay do
I say 17 just too so I could bloody you
know get with her later
or do I tell the truth and say I'm 25
you know I'm not I'm 22 okay I'm not
getting involved with this stupid girl
I'm 25 okay I don't want to get a bold
should I say no I can't say that okay
don't say that that's me okay don't be
me baby don't bloody lie on bloody sweat
why are you judging me sad face the old
school smiley you don't know Jesus
gospel are you talking about emojis what
the shit am I getting myself into
they don't have emojis yet bitch anyways
how is school doing glad the year is
almost over why am I talking to this
little down what did he got planned
young whippersnapper I'm literally
talking to a child why am I doing this I
mean I know she was 16 and everything
that's kind of illegal a second if she's
got a bloody boyfriend what's she doing
oh bloody bitch dog is your relationship
serious I don't know he is hard-ass have
you guys ever kissed why do I care
cause our did no more shopping or not my
first kiss was when I was 17 years old
have you seen any good movies lately
okay okay okay forget you Heather okay
I'm bored of you okay
I want to match with some other girl ooh
we've got a chain over here I can't see
a bloody ugly face do I say hi yeah or
do I say howdy
oh she wants to know how much money I
make lagos digging holes I can say I'm a
banker okay
rolling with that changing dollars yeah
I'm rolling with all this baby rolling
with it okay let me pick that do I say I
work in IP like I'm a bloody nerd or do
I say I'm a student okay so I say I'm
young I must say I'm a banker I try also
do young that's pretty cool must pay
well then am i right
I told you she said for my bloody money
if it means I might get with this girl
okay I'll just say it does okay I got a
lot of money okay do you ever get tired
of just sitting at your little old desk
a whole day uh I mean I guess but well
yeah same here I told you she just wants
me to take her out for dinner for a free
meal of a bloody bitch okay what do you
do for fun hopefully it means sucking on
mud I sure do love the hack okay I don't
really care about that I've got a close
friend of mine who is a huge hiking nerd
oh no while I say that now she's gonna
grow the bloody go for my best friend
actually maybe have matched with your
friend instead of you then the first
girl was bloody sixteen with a boyfriend
now this girl wants to play out sex with
my best friend sorry but I don't think
you are my friends type anyway how's
your sexy life I've been talking to this
girl for like two minutes and she's
already asking me Papa personal
questions that's personal
okay let's not kid ourselves we're
likely both on this app to help us
forget about something am i right oh my
god my bloody really is a good point
Willie you've got my back since day one
I mean I guess I did sort of come out of
a pretty serious relationship my last
relationship ended pretty badly Oh what
happened it ended because of me because
of something I did what did you do let's
just say I wasn't completely honest with
ending it what do you mean little Jane I
guess I grew tired of our relationship
reply then reply reply
what kind of applying I ended up
cheating on him cheating whore I don't
want to be with no bloody cheating hussy
you must think I'm a little old whore
don't you you are a little oh ho why
can't I click that the option all right
shut up Jane okay I mean okay you're
cheating girl ooh let's see if lavender
likes me oh okay lavender suck ok I'm
messing around okay oh hello to be so
calm before we start talking I've got an
important question for you that's our
dogs cats or dogs pussy cats on one hand
or cute and fluffy but on the other hand
we've got chunks they're fluffy but I'm
gonna say Pussycats okay yeah she likes
cats okay I have three okay I say I have
three so that she comes to my house and
that's my pussy Trisha and Forrest my
not called cat that's funny cuz I just
called my cat kitty yeah listen this
girl was my bloody money you stay away
from my money okay I'll say I'm between
jobs okay oh shit I just applied to my
dream job yesterday I teach English
school is shaking ask me about my dream
job she don't care about me she just
wants me for my pussycat listen I don't
care okay I hated English in school okay
or like Shakespeare gone
bitch who is my favorite author I don't
even read books okay Charles Dickens I
don't know who that is but he has the
word dick in his name I don't care oh no
way we do have a lot in common
watched any good netflix shows recently
is this how you meant to talk on these
bloody sites or kiosk yeah what's the
wicked moy okay I love a good morning
you're a huge rock fan I might just know
you she wants to marry me the committed
relationship I've always wanted yes I am
into rock I think we're definitely on to
something we hope I found the love of my
life
what you doing later taking you out for
dinner I'm disappointed I can polish
with you if that's what you wanna do
let's do it that you're joining a boys
so that's it guys I have found the woman
of my dreams okay that is how you pick
up girls on the bloody Pindus okay I
might play this game again if you guys
want me to if we reached 10,000 likes I
will sorry if this videos weird and
stupid I found this game I thought it'd
be funny anyway thank you guys i'm
swatching see you later
