hello everyone how's everyone doing is
measure sofa today I am so goddamn
excited because we are playing shadow oh
wow
that's right ladies Jimmy we are playing
the sequel to shadow of Mordor okay when
that game came out all right it's one of
my favorite games okay it's so fun so
badass okay and this is the sequel to
this game it's not even out yet okay I'm
playing this game a little bit early
just to show you guys so I think the
game comes out on October 10th
alright so it's not far off from coming
out and it's basically like exactly like
the last game but like they've improved
its so so so much it just feels so much
more badass okay they've added like so
much more like stuff you know I'm gonna
show you in the video now okay we've got
so much stuff to do in this video but
you know what first we're gonna sneak on
by okay I'm gonna take out these bloody
orcs okay they're not gonna see it
coming oh no okay I think they saw me
now
okay now the bigger ones escape alright
you can get overwhelmed really quickly
so yeah I think I could take out these
guys oh shit okay these guys with the
carrot riding the Clara Gore's okay
they're super hard
all right me too right away massive
things but now we're here to set things
right
got it look at the size this guy oh shit
oh I got the ball Tiffany just proved me
away oh shit okay so yeah this is this
is not something new that's in the game
all right
these orcs all right there's just some
of them that are just absolutely massive
okay okay I'm getting seriously
overwhelmed over here
I meant to be explaining like how this
game works the way do that go just
stroke one of his old friends but
there's one get your head out of here
man combo oh Jesus God how much how this
is my god okay I'll stop calling me in
for oh my god is a solenoid oh shit oh
shit oh shit oh okay last chance
struggle okay this is a quick time event
all right don't mess it up why today
baby
okay the hill in this game you used to
have to pick up flowers but I think now
you have to like drain people I need
someone to drain drain them okay me
okay so now I'm a full health Madonna
diamond diamond I shit shit shitty shit
it dread him okay we lost John stupid my
face shit
oh great now this guy is gonna bloody
take the piss out but no I can't you
talk it makes me a top killer talks like
the sound of a choc Slayer from now on I
will be known as the talk Slayer
shut up Pass okay so like all the alts
have like personalities and past just
killed me alright so now because it
killed me he's gonna level up and take
the place out someone else wait okay so
he gets promoted now to captain so now
he's harder to kill because that got
random or killed me okay there's that
stupid guy that tried to ambush me he
leveled up too because he you know
didn't die now if you guys didn't play
the last game basically there's this
hierarchy of orcs okay and you need to
basically slowly slowly take one out at
a time all right
Oh you can either recruit them for your
own alright and create your own little
orc army okay I like this is what I love
this game because like there's so much
stuff to do and like it's really
rewarding like building up your own orc
army you know like I like I genuinely
love this game it's so so so fun alright
so another men guys are like these war
Chiefs okay now these are basically that
the big captains okay now we've got this
guy who's called Shaka the shadow shadow
we've also got a thug fire belly and
we've also got a guy that I don't know
yet but the person who's running this
whole thing is rug the stalker now this
guy is protecting a fortress leizerman
now this is something that's new in this
game also now a fortress is basically
this big ass building full of orcs
alright and you need to take them down
now taking them down as probably the
most fun thing ever
because it's basically like your
like a war okay now we're gonna do that
now ladies gentlemen trust me when you
see it it's so badass and so cool and so
goddamn fun okay here we go
captor shark burst baby all right now
basically this is a stronghold all right
now this is us climbing or how we're
going to attack all right so there's
basically a bunch of shit
so basically I've recruited three
bodyguards okay as you can see from the
left so like I can give them like
special traits to like help them you
know I'll take and down these guys a lot
easier so like I've got this guy called
bloke he's with me he's one of my
bodyguards I've also got this guy who's
called flak good Fink and who asked
about God I've got beaucoup beaucoup the
plan maker oh this guy looks badass okay
I think I'm ready all right let's do
this shit baby oh I'm so excited
now this intro is so goddamn cool I've
seen it once before all right but okay
I'm gonna shut up because it's so cool
it's like you're bobbing at war all
right we are going at war my orc army
versus the strong Oh baby
we're gonna take out the stall dance so
cool take it now baby here we are here's
the leader here's the leader guys talk
but this one's made of tougher stuff
oh jeez if you got him but up you burned
some stuff by Debussy but I won't keep
the darkness away from ya we're ready to
get your enemies that's right baby
oh no that's poisonous I don't care keep
runnin baby we're gonna kill up charge
forward break through their gates come
on baby let's kill their old army yeah
yeah baby we must fight to the death
fight the shadow of a board or black
don't worry black I'll avenge you okay
so what we need to do we need to capture
the victory points okay hey watch ful
Fulks fire Betty we could one of the war
cheese okay he got poisoned okay I think
he was weak to poison actually happen oh
you know just trying to
soft skin oh this falls out of your
reach
son Chaka okay I'll give a shitty okay
okay we've to take out this other wall
cheese all right here's like soot too
strong he's enraged at the moment so
he's a lot stronger yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah
yeah you can freeze people now which is
cool makes my job a lot easier
stop it yes yes right baby okay so I
think if I can get this guy like low
enough on health I can recruit him Waku
just killed Chicago that's so cool man
this is so cool like this genuinely
feels like a badass war yes like I was
saying I think I can recruit him if I
get his life life low enough all right
he's got done stupid archers need to
piss off oh oh no blogg bled out
oh shit I could have I could have
revived him
oh my mega die guys we must defeat these
guys quickly shit this guy's died later
by them provide them novel drug traffic
go away highest all right okay all right
he's alive now all right so I think they
can bleed out if they go low enough help
my guys yeah yeah go get him get him
Trey Trey Trey
on your knees all right now we could
recruit him fight to the death or shape
I'm gonna recruit it I will set that
right Lord okay so I think okay now
letting to stay with me all right cool
so now he's gonna stay here all right so
it's no longer working for the other
team
he's lurking for us okay we can capture
the point now come on boom nice baby
all right that was just one of the
victory points okay what am i doing Oh
bunker killed him I think that was in
getting enraged he just go ahead raised
us to die happy poor guy all right come
on let's come to the second point
oh man look how crazy this shit is the
whole wolves break it down a baguette
killed globe gold Gollum Gollum wait I
can write the caravel right oh shit yeah
that's right baby I'm now in a carat
ball all right this made my job a lot
easier cuts off boom yeah we have
captured the second point all right or
just at that point bed Jesus crisis is
so much easier with a character I've
just liked being a grown-up oh no my
character died all right listen I'll
catch up
all right we've captured the three
points the door has broken down we must
now enter the key and confront the
Overlord baby come on men we must go in
now I think I have to do this alone so
yeah now this is where it gets hard and
tricky baby killing the Overlord is not
easy okay
okay enter the overlords dungeon all
right I'm coming for you overlord okay
another guy at the beginning all right
he's the leader of this stronghold and
now we are entering his throne
oh god this looks so scary look at this
shit oh shit baby I love this game is so
badass hello
haha but we shall faced on man awful
tonight over my dead body baby oh my God
look at the size of its chemical shit
this is so cool
okay now this guy's super strong alright
it's not as easy as it looks
okay defeat robbed the store cup and
take the fortress
that's right baby oh now look how fat it
guys that coming off the me okay like I
said before you can get really
overwhelmed so I need to be careful of
shit okay it's kind of hard to talk
because I kinda need to concentrate and
I don't want to die because you know I
have to do that all that shit again
oh shit let me do that oh no no I don't
mean to do that
oh no I'm gonna die right now don't kill
me oh no I'm glad you're dead talk maybe
now you'll keep our secrets
okay so now because they killed me he
get stronger gains a new trial levels
that shit okay you don't see to be
hailed wait what doesn't do all that
stuff again
nuke on no it's a new ah there's new
captain's and everything shit okay
yeah so now because he killed me he's
gonna like remember me and stuff so wait
do I have to do that whole thing again
please tell me I don't know I don't want
to do this again
don't do it again please no please okay
okay I don't have to do that last bit
again oh thank god okay so he's gonna
remember me this time because that's
what the orcs did in the last game they
remember you so because he killed me
he's probably gonna remember that he
killed me the human finally returns to
my fortress enjoy again oh shut up
fuck okay you ain't gonna kill me this
time this is so hard okay that this has
so many guys that coming out after use
it's not gonna die look he's our proof
and I can't vote over him how much mr.
stunning I literally got one of the
hardest guys to fire this is actually
ridiculous
they've been I'm starting to get Sun of
this Ranger killed me again this is so
hard
rod killed me again now he's getting
just stronger Hollis appeared
if he keeps killing me he's just gonna
get stronger and I'm I'm not gonna beat
him I'll kill you again okay okay okay
okay you will never have this fault they
said well I will take this money for
don't watch this guy's you could double
chop in this game I roll into shadow
strike oh okay I've got them down to
like a third hell all right that was
these stupid guys up here with arrows on
no so tell me they're gonna kill me okay
because it's right okay I can't die here
okay I've spread so long gang is out the
third hell okay oh look at that
oh shit okay come on drain them training
training training don't kill me shit
these never worked for me I'm pressing
the buttons why Porter but I suppose you
dying and you're all me getting ratty
myself for it shut up mostly mostly snap
great now it's a bad thought
killed me and now he's gonna get
promoted is he gonna take out one of my
guys oh no we're just gonna get promoted
and then now he gets stronger it's a
shit random now as a captain I look too
awks fighting oh shit yeah this one they
constantly do this they constantly fight
each other for power I don't know why
because they're making the army weaker
but okay that guy's just killed that guy
alright that's funny let me tell you
this little seed Belle eggs yeah the
same way our last pal ended with you
dead
yeah he remembers everything little shit
this is actually so hard the only way I
can kill him is by getting a hit streak
okay so look I have to build on mate my
combo streak right 20:45 alright now
that one is a nice to hit like that
which takes up a bit of itself I have to
do that's the only way I could kill him
alright and on top of that this stupid
guys with arrows keep buddies shooting
me
their dog I'm back for pain cuz that's
all you'll find in my fault yeah yeah
yeah okay now it's level 34 my god I'm
gonna be here forever
all right I think I'm getting the hang
of it so what I have to do is every time
he tries to hit me on one every time it
hits me that's like a QuickTime event
okay so I need to be like very quick on
the ball all right I said come on hit
him hit him and they're gonna wait no no
no no
weisstein see why okay oh my god please
sit
I did it I did it I can't recruit him
he's too powerful should i restrain him
or kill him
I've seen them
whoa I leveled them down to 29 do I not
kill it
what why did I do that I don't know but
I did it
these days it took so long we want the
whole finally of the divers before us
yeah taking these fortresses and made
them our own yet so we stand
Joe history only one remained
Oh baby
we defeated the Overlord we conquered
the region yo that was insane dude this
is like a whole war like this genuinely
feels like a legit like war like game
all right so what we can do now is we
can take one of our bodyguards and we
can promote him to overlord to look
after like art the fortress for us so
let's take yeah let's promote Borg ooh
the plan maker right from Owen yeah yeah
so now Borgo is gonna look after the
fortress for us I protect it okay and
the war Chiefs got promoted to goddamn
it all right so that was basically like
the main thing I want to show you guys
that was so cool man all right so now
what I want to do we reduced that guy's
level but no I wouldn't I wouldn't like
put him in our army so can we find him
and like you know again okay so
apparently rug is somewhere over here
okay I think I can pick him out there is
l3
Luke okay so here he is alright so he's
still alive because we did kill him but
because it's low enough his levels low
enough now I think he could join our
army oh where is he
here he is yeah oh shit I forgot he's
our proof why do I even try hello Raj do
you remember me are you haunting me good
night I love their voices are you all
team mate wait okay so he remembers me
that's cool all right so now there's
just some random guy all right so yeah
we're gonna have to defeat him again
Jesus Christ I it's just so annoying I
said but why like this again ah no don't
kill me no no it won't work sometimes
okay this guy's annoying as hell where's
he running off to a comeback it I love
it when they talk okay he's nearly low
level amines in their life come on Gabe
and this guy's character just eating
this shit out of this crap
oh he's broken I can now drain it no not
now come on go go go go go I'm gonna
strain it
we could have a crib that's right
join the army of the break now okay
let's command it then
whoa all right so now we could we could
like tell him to like bodyguard like the
oh he's currently body guarding the guy
I'm putting in charge okay cool I could
play this game like all day like I
really want to like complete this whole
army and just get like a bunch of orcs
to work with us so that's why I love
this game you can spend so much time
like creating like your whole orc army
and recruiting everyone it's like so fun
and so satisfying anyway guys I'm gonna
end the video there that's pretty much
all I wanted to show you guys like this
game is so cool alright when the full
game comes out cuz I'm only playing like
a pre-release version alright I'm gonna
I'm so excited to like make videos in
this game because like it is so badass
alright and this fortress stuff that
they've added is so so so cool like I am
genuinely so excited for this game and
you guys should be too please leave a
like if you guys enjoyed if we reach
10,000 I will definitely make more
videos in this when this game comes out
October 10th either way though think you
guys so much watching and I'll see you
in the next video man Soleri guys love
you Baba
