and we're live
hey band skipper here clap hard and Max
- thanks meet backs mustard say hello to
the berry welcome to this week's episode
of my blog oh god she's vlogging Oh
rescuing puppies can be serious big yeah
but don't may not know that it could be
a whole lot of fun too let's go take a
look let's go take a look at the puppy
rescue have you got him cleaned up yet
um almost are you according to your blog
are you glad you Stacy why don't you say
hi to her fans
Daisy thirsty hey everyone Oh perfect
timing
he features a pretty chick she she's and
present Barney found another lot dr.
Boris and it is check it out put a puppy
rescue in action
I found him roaming around a
construction site down the street wait
we would have been back sooner but we
may be stopped for some ice cream Kirk
we'll just look at salt day for arts
great what Kelsey want to give me a hand
you can have a pan I'm sure we'll find
you a new home in no Toby ready girl
hello everyone how is everyone doing as
much as open today we are playing Barbie
and her sisters puppy rescue I'm so gay
that I'm not even denying it anymore
sup late escape when it came out it's
about Barbie rescuing puppies okay and
yeah I'm playing it again okay let's go
save some puppies whoa Bobby sobbing
it's okay it was editing okay barb is
alive she's right it is a free roam game
where Barbie is the main character it's
basically like gta5 look pull out my
weapons okay Oh No I've got to stop the
police are on me Bobby
you'll never catch me alive office all
right can I get in the car
no I Kong in the car harsh I so many
people on the god damn bicycles okay I
want to get in this car I'm driving a
cab ready maniac I'm going to edit me in
the car oh oh no that's too much work
seriously though can I get run over
because that would be hilarious just
gave me a little bit of a nudge okay all
right so this is a puppy rescue center
so let's go in and have a look okay so
we got the kennels where we keep the
doggy we've got the training where we
could train the puppies movie trailer
wait what have the Barbie and your
sisters just discovered it look under
the cupcakes the meaning of puppy love
oh my god wonder what's Treasury Wow
pressure can you sauce bacon
I won't the dogs can talk it sounds in
cabaret the town's in trouble how is the
town in trouble you went from puppies to
the town being and trouble now Barbie
and everyone's going underground these
guys are clearly evil okay they want to
go steal the puppy for some reason and
all ninjas now on blu-ray DVD and
digital that's that's insane they made a
movie for this game apparently so you
try to tell me Poppy's that just
randomly scattered around the city and
we got a little save them for the waste
of the bitch there seems to be up stop
it bolster here these boulders sure help
me find lost puppies okay we're looking
for a puppy called Ghana and apparently
he's in their hedge maze how nice of
Appalachia
don't worry papi how come it just said
you'll get happy why did you push me
sorry just doing me a little excuse me
lady have you seen these puppies anyway
finished up burning into my face please
it's not very nice look this guy behind
me is on his phone I wonder what he's
watching
Oh God command me
hang on puppy I won't be long what's the
hint
oh no just shows me the major a major
fuckin one okay so I've got to go find
the puppy by looking for the maze okay
it's gonna be fun this is Noah good this
is the most intense thing I've ever seen
in my life is this poppy could I die of
starvation in a second puppy hi puppies
now with me man that sure do love a ride
at the park each and every day outside
today there's nothing better than
rescuing puppies that's true there's
nothing like a good happy cookie you'll
be feeling better in no time
all right now all we need to give him up
vaccinations are we going to show up
often I'm sorry Donna but the boys are
getting sliced off Bobby please go chop
off my balls red I'm sorry gonna I'm
gonna have to drug you but you to say
sweet or do this do this you're such a
brave pop can you hurry up it's quite
hard coating my mouth open I did it all
right now what the puppy is known as a
kennel now it's time for the puppy to
like the trick wait he needs to rest
first
okay let's go rescue some more puppies
because I think we need to wait for the
stupid game I'm so good I love men I
don't know who you are
I don't know what you want but I've
heard you've been stealing poppy fish to
me right now
if you consider poppy whiskey whiskey Oh
make that was a reference to a movie
let's see if this poster gives up any
puppy clues what igloos Oh search for
piggies a puppy Wiggy the puppies in the
garden bed I will find your piggy the
puppy waste the puppy in the flower beds
puppies okay oh maybe the baby
nothing is a puppy thing this game so
adorable I love puppies way to go
skipper we'll make sure you're okay yeah
we're Shawn I'm gonna put you down or
anything like that
oh god this is disgusting I clean the
teeth yay just a little filling and
you'll be as good as new don't need
fillings what the shit is in the dentist
all the thing to inject yeah I fix the
dogs - can I now play with this stupid
dog needs one more minute of rest time
okay let's rescue one more stupid puppy
and then we can go play with them cuz
that's fun
these puppies aren't gonna rescue
themselves that's true okay cuz puppies
are stupid a puppy poster I'm sure I can
find that little puppy I'm sure I could
find that it'll Buffy okay this one's
gonna call Rex what's that up ahead
whoa what are you talking about what did
you even see what you do see something
here
and the construction site where are your
puppy puppy puppy puppy baby what we see
the pardoning little puppy mommy's got
you now Oh Bobby's good you know
Rex is so cute remove please oh let's
get rid of those please oh hey that shit
got piss on it why did we let this make
dirty dog in here I say we put it out
distributed very okay I'm sorry all
right just eliminate the please okay
three puppies now I've rescued Rex I've
rescued shut up I rescued biggie and
I've rescued gunner so let's play puppy
play with God I want to play part 158
okay so we got four buttons the right
one looks like it's pet right paedon I
love weed and use the lipstick to give
Ghana
a tummy rub
I know scab erupts this is the best
feeling in the entire world burn hey
why'd you stop bitch okay what is left
to throw a dog a bone a bone take the
call
Oh what about how would you both wrote
about it okay and thanks I will get
about what am i doing I'm making dog
noises my goodness okay we can now take
piggy to Stacey for training sounds fun
Stacey it's training time for very
sensitive properties you've got a lot to
learn whoa whoa I can't do this corner
just a little puppy it's my face Oh No
Oh papi hey well done wait what a lot of
patience is what's needed Oh
plague dad blue fucking door died okay I
can try car dad you loser puppy Freddy
I'm fine I don't know why I do that
hey Dad puppy take that then press and
hold a I'm doing that die Oh papi
can't believe you're actually doing it I
can't believe the belt guys it seems Rex
would benefit from obedience training
Rex little shit I'm gonna teach you how
to man what is the best thing ever
I'm so excited to keep up you stupid
puppy I'll kill you oh oh
many ready papa
you just stay here puppy okay I'll be
right back okay
what Oh my jokes are literally if I do
it enough times maybe it might become
funny but then again one something you
better safe you better say papi okay you
play to stay there you sit your ass down
okay don't leave repeat don't leave me
what now grooming can I grew many of my
dogs one two three four wait what four
two three two one wait why does it
matter that I do it in this order garner
is ready to graduate graduate contact
the owner to let them know it's time to
pick up the puppy how the hell do I do
that way yes your puppy is safe and
sound
oh we give it a puppy back to the owner
oh oh my god oh well got puppies are
just related by grade honestly I thought
you were going to die oh my god okay I
think I am I crushed the game
Oh happy in my life
wait what the happiest day of your life
when you found out your dog wasn't dead
okay what to do now let's just a brush
niggas dogs dude why okay Rex is ready
to graduate - or I get that dog out of a
come on now what the hell is that noise
is no more puppies okay guys this was
Bobby's puppy rescue thing okay if you
want me to do more let's Eva like ten
thousand I will I didn't make a video
this ages ago
alright but I don't think it's that much
of a good video but if you guys want to
watch it you can go watch it if you want
if you guys wanna see more leave a like
thank y'all so much for watching I'll
see you next video man so the guys love
you
ba ba
