hello everyone how's everyone doing is
mr. Silva today we are back with house
party I've made three videos on the
shitty go what's that before you become
a DP come on last to show my titties on
a video yeah because I'm showing it no
rind because the bloody skis or so we're
back with another episode of house pi
we've already gone with bloody Madison
um do I know you
we've already got with Ashley I am
Ashley we've got with Rachel I don't
believe we're fans we've already got
with Frank you love it
okay bye seriously the urge of course we
haven't gone with is this stupid
Stephanie bit too thick sticker dots
I'm joking
I love women especially ones with big
why am I so sad that I always talk about
women's breasts I don't even like them
that much but I really do it's nice to
meet you Stephanie oh nice to meet you
too I'm so drunk bra don't give a shit
how about you suck Almighty hey again
stranger okay I need to say those are
some pretty sweet dance moves you've got
that love today alright now if we want
to go to discuss panties we need to give
some more talk mats and I have known
each other since grade oh my god oh
don't care and the conversation that
doesn't evoke tits or don't curve these
videos really bring out their like the
pervert disgusting man in me isn't it
okay again stream just asked my name is
up calling me stranger you're bloody
inconsiderate bitch are you having fun
bitch this party's okay but I really
wish I could do some whippits
but if you like my dance moves now you
haven't seen anything yet
maybe he could so if you open the fridge
okay Papa they sweeties sweet or
sweeties we don't want organic potatoes
what we want is the whipped cream you're
like my hero the more fucked up I get
the more horny I get well you should see
me when I drink wine wait did I just say
that out loud gosh I sound like such a
slut okay and you can totally look up my
skirt when I do I did Patrick I gave a
whipped cream and now I need to give a
wine and if so she will know especially
ones where you could sing along
the face with the potatoes let's give
her the shorter name no wait you found
some booze God totally my hero oh my
gosh not much left in here but at least
I can get a buzz going oh my god alright
so I gave her whipped cream wine what
can I do with you go so what do you say
you liven up this party even more and
dance
topless it's like way too cold in here
I've been dancing all night and I like
haven't even worked up a sweat
wait what it's too cold in here so I
have to turn out the temperature so she
feels hot
don't start damper nice try but I'd have
to be pretty drunk for that and from the
looks of this party it doesn't look like
that's gonna happen
oh okay she needs more alcohol in order
for her to take off her top and show me
her titties Oh Frank eyes are bore true
okay so I just get Frank to be a Patrick
and then I've got wine so medicine it's
a great party heaven here Oh
okay well these two are fighting I grab
the bottle of wine and then I take it to
a secret room I close at all and I pick
it up okay girl hey have some more
alcohol oh you totally scored me some
more oh my god I did did you know I can
check a whole bottle in under a minute
oh my god okay well okay well you go
drink that alcohol okay she must be
drunk now right how about you show me
our biddies go get oats turn this party
into more of a party okay go right if
we're a bunch of DS
okay so as far as I know that's
Stephanie's quest you can't do anything
else with her because you know she's so
crazy so next we are going to do this
girl's quest did you need something I
feel like we use the word need outside
its intended purpose
okay that was actually slightly
philosophical you might actually have a
brain hiding in there similar what do
you think you know the one that's
showing her titties over there I can't
stand her she's so pink stupid but hey
look on the bright side since she's more
on par with your intelligence level you
have a better chance of scoring with her
tonight than me okay is gonna be kind of
hard you keep looking at your phone is
everything okay yeah it's my boyfriend
he's supposed to meet me here but he's
being a dick oh she's gonna boyfriend
but he's being a bloody really good ever
be a dick to you that's actually kind of
sweet I wish she felt the same way
Brandon's in boys we have an opportunity
guys the boyfriends being a bad bad boy
time to take advantage Jesus Christ I
kind of scare myself sometimes maybe if
we get this go drunk she might do
something funny okay so we need a drink
but we can't get a drink because this
stupid asshole is guarding it so Frank
what do you think of Katherine
dude she's so high yeah I give my left
nut for a night without okay that's kind
of weird listen to be frank okay I've
got a chance with Katherine okay you
need to give me something called
something if you could get it a take
atop a spic for me maybe I'll look the
other way if you snag some of this
alcohol okay you want me to get a titty
picture for you Frank did you need
something I need a guinea pig I'm not
just going to strip off in the middle of
this party with all of these people
around okay so she's not clearly against
the idea we just need her to you know go
more in a private area okay looks like
wall along there you go so me that
Diddy's now oh yeah it looks like nobody
else is around okay take off your top
okay that was easy
okay now just show me your daddies say
cheese I did it a picture of the titties
okay well I'll just be on my way have
fun Frank Frank Frank do you wanna see
some you can take your pick of something
on the table you get one free pass okay
I love the pictures now I get to take
some alcohol all right here's some
alcohol yeah okay I'm literally asked
Mia how do I get into your pants if you
can manage to flash everybody here at
the party then maybe I'll use you for a
little fun what she wants me to show my
BP to everyone at the party does she
want to see my peepee I'm glad you
realized that you need to include me as
well it's nice to be able to see what
I'm working with what this shit is this
game okay my baby's out let's go show
everyone Oh get your penis out of my
face you freak oh I can see your thing
yeah it's bigger than my thing dude put
that away
what's your prattle I'm sorry okay I
thought you would like it you like me
rubbin your willy earlier why is this
happening to me okay it's not all about
you stupid girl what's a party without a
little nudity right she seems to be okay
with it
okay go I sold my peepee to everyone I
forgot I asked you to do that what
wanna go somewhere more private you know
what yes I do
my boyfriend is being the king of all
dicks and me having sex with you would
be a nice punishment for him blowing me
off again
okay she's just willing to just cheat on
our boyfriend okay
this is an actual game you can play on
Steam oh okay she's on the bed slow down
there cowboy
I need a couple things first first off I
need a little something to get me
started if you know what I mean okay
what she means is that she's hungry so
you go to the fridge and get her this a
piece of meat that shaped like a you
know what she likes she wants to make a
sandwich okay yeah I guess this would
work make a nice salami sandwich okay
who wouldn't like that okay now to wash
down that sandwich you take this empty
Oh vodka bottle and you fill it up with
water at the top voila
okay I came back and she's naked okay
okay I guess that's about it she's ready
are you going to lock the fucking door
more okay all right I'll put those Jesus
Christ okay all right they've left close
the door lock the door turn around she's
got clothes on which is good can a girl
get some alone time please take your
fucking clothes off you idiot baby okay
take off my shirt off my shoes take off
my pants and then take off my boxes
that's more like it
okay okay I think I should end the video
or I'm not gonna make any more videos
now spy I am done all right if we reach
10,000 likes I might do it in the future
if it gets updated like I said in the
last video it's funny the idea of a
house party but as soon as they brought
in sex they ruined it what can they just
make us all kiss each other that's fine
okay
I know I guys think I saw watching and
I'll see you in the next video man's
lair the guys love you Baba microphone
you can't stay here
that's an ordeal don't be on Nordea
microphone how is this game on steve-o
steve-o
