do you really want me to show you how
it's done let's go sounds like I do that
way too much in videos and nowadays
hello everyone how's everyone doing as
much as over today we are back yet again
with me now the next episode in the
series is USA
Colorado I checked out this level and
this level is so goddamn hard and it's
hard not even in the fun way
but in like a super hard way okay so you
know what I'm gonna skip it okay I'm
gonna go straight to the Japan level
because this one probably is the best
level we are going dog walking our dog
Japan let us see one next doggies are
hello agent 47 are you ready for your
possible final task
Erick's otters fellow member of ICA has
betrayed us and therefore must be
eliminated Soros has a rare heart
condition and needs a new heart and
immediate surgery he has come to Yuki
Yamazaki for help with this so she must
be eliminated too if the operation is
success he will give her info of all
active ICA operatives the operation is
taking place at a highly exclusive
private hospital in Japan we have
admitted you in the hospital too as a
VIP guest since security is so tight you
will not have any weapons or equipment
but we know you can do it
make them pay agent 47 no one and I
repeat no one backs up the mother can I
see a welcome to Hokkaido for tea say
guard all the gamma PI orbital okay the
facility is partially run by an
artificial intelligence system known as
Chi what the AI oversees patient
admission to various areas in the
hospital and even participates in some
medical procedures wall you will find
Erik sodas in the operating theater are
we gonna kill him on the table
Yuki amazake has already arrived you'll
find her in her suite or roaming the
restaurant and spire is at the hospital
okay good luck 47 yes madam I love you
so much
chilling in his bed damn it
so ten minutes ago what is it oh hey I
your personal Rob has been outfitted
with a radio frequency identification
chip what okay so every outfit in this
game unlocks certain doors I think
that's what I'm understanding but yes we
are in Japan and we are in a hospital
okay and we need to assassinate some
dude who's betrayed us and some woman
who I don't know but we just got a
killer dangerous you should try it okay
now restart it so funny oh genki deska
oh can i go in this door I can't because
my outfit doesn't have the right GP all
right let's see what we're dealing with
very very sexy outside area ooh very own
okay so it looks like we need to get a
better outfit if we're gonna get
anywhere in this whole place okay it's
got really tight security so we need a
better outfit there's so many fun cool
ways of killing a target okay so let's
kill this stupid girl first okay now one
of the opportunities says that Yuki has
a yoga lesson with her yoga instructor
so if we become him microphone we will
never be able to kill her here we are
this spa area everyone is relaxing in
the spa area now the yoga lesson takes
place on this balcony and
is a very deep dark drop wait a second
it's this cow vaping I think she is
verax bloody gay I will never do that
shit all right we need the yoga
instructors outfit so we go in the
garden we then sneak on by to this ledge
we climb down the ledge slide down that
pipe jump through this window may that
be very sneaky open this door check left
and right to left and right is clear go
through this bloody bathroom
a man is showering stupid man we take
his outfit we are now resort stuff or
arias no yoga instructor come on his
instructor come in come in all we do now
is talk to this stupid girl hello miss
Yuki it is now time for your yokan
lesson alright she's here
let us begin the yoga session let us
begin
let us begin word facing dog upward
facing dog
Oh now go over to the edge find a good
spot for it
this view is a dipole yes that was me as
a yoga guy has now killed the guy in the
operating table okay now for our next
target he is currently undergoing an
operation okay but there is just so much
security in this building okay so we
need a disguise
okay so there's opportunity where if you
become the pilot the chief surgeon will
come and meet up with you and right on
time
the chief surgeon okay wait until his
disguise throw his body off the cliff
and murder him okay
or it's us now beings chief surgeon we
will now have access to the
high-security operation place there is
so much Security Summit some may see
through my disguise so we need to be
very careful all right the surgery
control room this is where we need to be
baby oh this guy can see through me
quickly run here we are there is being
operated on we can operate this thing as
chief surgeon we can control the Bionic
arms to kill him extract blood inject
cardiac syringe activate robotic arm
whoa now in check the cardiac syringe oh
and now we can extract all this blood
through his body
we need to get out of it
Oh No oh no she should be oh no this is
vicious 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 quickly take the
helicopter we did it we killed him on
the operation table we push the girl
over we were doing yoga
ok lazy man that is just one way of
completing the mission now there is so
many disgusting other ways you can kill
that guy on the operation table wait
hang a second can I now spawn in as a
ninja Oh
guys hello he's got a katana this is
insane should I try to complete this
mission being a ninja I don't think
that's gonna end well ok be very quiet
sneak through the window cuz I'm a ninja
they got like a door no oh my god oh
shit I died from him punching me ok
let's not be the ninja ok now a really
funny way you can kill this girl ok is
that there is a sauna now what we could
do we could increase the temperature in
this sauna and when this girl comes in
we can lock her in baby alright she's
walking over to the sauna she's gonna go
in she's gonna go in she's in the sauna
it's currently really really hot lock
the door
oh my god she actually dies from a big -
or in here okay well I mean that's one
way of doing it all right next thing I
want to show you guys it's not another
kill but a really funny Easter egg which
I think is somewhere around here okay
now if you go into this room these two
guys are Darcy this starts man okay so
that's pretty funny and stupid but I
think hit me I could do it but I need to
do it when these guys are alone come on
dude your neighbor Troy oh okay my
nieces show them how it's done
alright so means to strike one of them
okay check out this guy right now we
just strike the other guy
now why is distracted we expose the wire
on this does Matt supply okay and then
we turn the game-mode up on difficulty
to expert mode he's gonna go over the
dots
yes okay he's gonna die oh my god okay
he sweats so much so you gotta let you
get it oh look now I can repair the dice
Matt can hit man now don't start alone
no one can watch you think him has a
good dancer do you really want me to
show you how it's done let's go bro I
know you don't I
those like I do that way too much in
videos nowadays okay now that is loads
of ways of killing this guy on the
operation table okay
you can eel it electrocute him okay now
if you turn off its respirator all right
like nice support terminate okay now we
need to be quick about this go over to
the gist superlative room sabotage this
is a flipper right up three quick to one
overcharge it baby
this one yeah
alright now a really cute and different
way of killing them is you can destroy
the heart okay so now you destroy the
heart then the operation will be a fail
and oh shit there's God sir but yeah we
can destroy the heart so the operation
fails but we need to get release
bodyguards first okay I got this guy to
dismiss the bodyguards all right now it
is you to wait for him to go away it go
through the door I now open the heart
chamber and here is the secret heart
destroy another way which you could kill
this guy on the operating table okay you
can like poison his stem cells so he
gets like an allergic reaction and then
dies right on the table okay like
because these are quite like different
but they're kind of the same okay so
I've got go over to this room alright
pick up the poison hang alright so what
I have to do is I have to go over to
stem-cell supply okay and then ruin
these stem cells by putting the poison
in it I then pick up the lethal stem
cells and now we're gonna plant it in
his body
don't be spotted oh shit oh shit ah okay
screw it we can do it we feel that we
fill the stem cells oh my god
oh oh okay last way I want to show you
that you kill him on the operation table
okay now if you actually start the
mission in your suit you can just kill
him just by giving him a heart attack
okay because like he knows me okay he
knows on the Hitman you know he knows
that like I'm here to kill him now the
tricky thing is is that I have to get to
the operation table wearing this suit
okay how am I gonna get past these
guards I have no idea oh here we are
right here please please take out this
woman open the door oh shit they're
gonna see me they're gonna see me
they're gonna see me reveal identity
operation rather do anything okay guys
I'm gonna end the video here now I think
this is gonna be my last hitman video
you know I had fun I played pretty much
all the levels you know I think you know
I'm done until like season 2 comes out
on more levels come out let me know in
the comments if you do want me to do
this American episode all right trust me
it's not that great you know I might try
and fail a bunch of times but if we
reach 10,000 likes I'll do it either way
that I hope you guys did enjoy and I
will see you in the next video of mine
say the guys love you
Baba
shut up you stupid man
