okay this girls are still annoying as
ever
hello everyone how is everyone doing is
measures okay today we are back with
house party baby now make two videos on
the shit go watch him before what's this
your bloody daddy
wait for it wait for it a shitty ton of
updates I can walk in a fuck that's when
you edited me burning looks like hot
stuff Brandon you're looking kind of hot
is it warm in here is is it woman here
they also added a hot tub but you have
to get naked they'll go in so remove my
shirt am I allowed to show my titties on
a video I don't care cuz I'm showing it
then I remove my shirt thanks package
what's a party without a little nudity
right okay I just took out my penis spit
that way and lastly remove my panties
and then we sit yeah I can't do anything
in the hot tub so I don't wash but so
long trying to get in it oh they're all
laughing cuz I'm you know and half-naked
you guys like me being off Nikki laughs
I love I love you stop there with these
you stop it Catherine listen to me you
need to stop it okay so okay so everyone
has voices now and you can apparently
get with everyone okay everyone
whoa whoa dude I was in the hot tub why
I'm so bloody surprised okay so where
there's no update oh they didn't think
the dancing sadly okay these girls are
still annoying as ever
how's it going dude how's it going
pretty good you sound funny
all right how does Ashley sound hi I'm
Ashley nice to meet you it'll be a
big-titty gun Catherine what you want
did you need something
I bet this stupid crazy-ass Gulf
Stephanie sounds like a bitch hey I'm
Stephanie okay Rachel you sexy piece of
shit I don't believe we've been I'm
Rachel or don't believe whatever don't
know I don't know how to talk to girls
so bye-bye I'm so drunk bra okay okay so
I can walk and see my hands but then I
can also bring out my third hand that we
keep around area with okay again are you
lost
I've talked to everyone
oh wait no this go uh hello Britney baby
oh hey I don't believe we've met
okay listen around every go now has a
storyline all right so I'm thinking I
make multiple videos on this and try and
get with a different girl every time so
today we're gonna try and get with
Rachel how you doing baby girl how's it
going it's going
oh my god I'm gonna save Jeff's I love
game with virtual girls
okay so what we're doing how do you know
Madison I actually don't know her
although what I do is buddy see you
buddy
how do you know Madison I've got nowhere
to run okay stay calm just think about
your reply uh we fought in Nam together
norm
the editing will make it look like you
saw what's going on my head you want to
see what's actually going on in my head
just relax I'll roll with it I suppose
that makes sense are you enjoying
yourself at the bar ehm I was having an
okay time until King Frank stole my
thermos fact he stole your thermos oh
yeah he doesn't like it when people
drink alcohol okay I'll get your stupid
fire miss Frank you pussy how's it going
dude how's it going dude come on Frank
stealing from girls got more now there's
a chance there's alcohol in that there
thermos if I need to take that very
seriously okay the smell of alcohol
makes me sick
not for nothing though but I don't know
you well enough what enough what the
shit what you want me to do yeah that
was me okay I've been doing this for
five minutes and I don't think he trusts
me so I need to like do something I
think he wants me to bring him alcohol
to trust me so that's fun oh what's that
I heard a bottle naughty like that was
big Frank I found some beer holy I must
have missed this tank which I saw sport
always in this guy's hand so do you want
to punch the shit out of him give me the
alcohol pussy oh shit man I don't want
to get beaten up again there's a man
oh oh oh shit okay well here's the
alcohol I'll just take this don't mind
me
mister my man ain't going down without a
fight did you get it oh shit okay you
find him okay oh shit okay here's the
alcohol shit another one
okay I've given them all the alcohol now
what can I do
Oh Patrick
okay all right Frank do you trust me now
you've proven yourself to me dude
okay trust me so I could take the
thermos all right let's give it that
stupid girl hello Rachel you're sexy
bitch all right give it a thermos Wow
the thermos but she's not bloody kissing
me yet I would never get with you
Stephanie you bloody hole Rachel you
look a bit nervous
oh yeah well okay I'm not so talking
shut up
okay this bitch did low talking she's
basically got a friend that's making her
do des okay and I care about that why
there's got to be a way I can have some
fun with Rachel knowing about her game
with her friend Vicki what maybe I can
dare ya bloody give me a kiss
listen Katherine you fucking bitch okay
I could get with this girl okay but I
need your help
did you need something yes I did do you
know how to hack a phone seriously I
could do it in my sleep God is a God and
it's just a hack this girl's phone tell
her to give me a kissy to text and then
I will get a kissy okay all right so we
took out a mobile phone and of someone
and apparently Patrick's call phone
listen dude give me your phone you know
prick I don't think I know you will
enough to trust me give me your phone
all right he's got a headache give him
painkillers he'll trust you okay give me
your phone I need to call my mom I just
can't remember where I put it
okay we need to find his phone now how
fun this girl has a phone Brittany would
the one with a big I don't suppose you
got Patrick that little phone do you
you mean that nice mentally challenged
young boy walking around I can't just
give you his phone without his
permission what I'm going through a love
what just to get through this girl's
knickers are burning it has now had to
flush the toilet after they've taken a
shit okay so I'm gonna quickly explain
it that girl has Patrick's phone okay
and she won't give it back unless he saw
us so we need to make him sober but we
do that by giving him coffee
Wow okay Patrick I've got some Irish
coffee
that means coffee with alcohol in it oh
why didn't you tell me it was Irish
coffee brah daruka bruh are you sure
that was an Irish coffee my buzz is
totally gone okay so but now so go get
your bloody phone you also here you go
you can use it now okay we have
Patrick's phone look let the way Patrick
give it to this girl this is perfect
let's use the laptop in the spare room
and I think I should be able to send
your text message for you yes I dare you
to give me a kissy I'm going to kiss the
girl so sad all right Patrick listen up
we're using a phone to send dirty text
messages alright so you stay in this
room don't come out okay you bloody shit
Oracle I need you to send this girl a
text message sure I need the number you
want me to send it from oh shit I got a
number where's Madison I think she's got
it
I think I do in my phone somewhere good
but I'm not just going to hand it over
without getting something in return
you weren't do a prank on your sister
leave her alone
okay I'll do it you see that type ashley
is wearing one little tug and the whole
thing will come and done it one is the
duck and we see some pig to be very
sneaky we need to go behind this girl
and oh and hopefully we will see that
dead untie that goes T DS Luke did he
support Nova whoa okay well that was fun
all right pretty mean all right cuz your
own sister and everything but you know
all right whatever
bye 5 5 6 9 6 9 69 Oh alright this is it
we get to send her a dirty text message
I dare you to say it's hot I change it
to your big game this game makes me feel
like a pervert I mean I am Christ Vicky
where do you come up with this day it's
like you have the mind of a perverted
game developer it's awfully hot in here
huh good thing I just came from the
beach and I have my bikini top she does
yeah
those days need to stop laughing at
everything okay alright next day I dare
you to flash your titties to the cutest
guy at the party wait who's the cutest
guy hey do you mind following me for a
minute
I wanted to show you something oh who
Frank who me okay uh the side of the
house hey so my friend dared me to flash
you you don't mind I saw a virtual girls
tits in a video game all I wanted is a
bloody kissy okay and I've seen this
girl's titties okay next one I dare you
to lose your pants for the rest of the
pie haha so funny so provide ha ha ha
she never explained herself she just
took it off for it I think we've done
enough des now I think the final one is
about to take place and I think it
involves a Casey I dare you to have sex
with ok don't tell me that you can
actually do this shit in this game now
this game it's on Steam ok you could buy
the game on Steam ok you can't just
create a sex game in steam ok ok I need
you to follow me again promise you're
going to like it even more than the last
one oh my god they're gonna show it now
I'll figure out just a a budget for the
rest of my life oh shit ok well that
sounds fair enough a game up oh no
listen Rachel okay we met today alright
I just wanted to kiss you let me just
get these off
oh no oh just to push yourself all right
now okay there goes yep I can see it
okay she's completely naked I am scared
to click anything else to be totally
honest I'm ready when you are
oh god there's a button to have sex okay
the camera shaking how is this game on
Steam okay guys that was house party all
right
the game was funny at the start but now
it's just some perfect things I can't
show it cuz the you know the video be
age-restricted
and I don't I don't want to I don't want
to show it if we reach 10,000 likes I'll
make another video on this game okay
I'll leave it up to you thank you guys
so much for watching and I'll see you in
the next video bad so the guys love you
Baba
