hello everyone how's everyone doing is
versus okay today we are back with
hitman baby in today's video we are
flying over your bloody Italy by bleep
survivor sir a submarine alright so the
last episode we went to France we went
to Paris it wasn't that great but I hear
Sapienza and Italy this level is insane
but the question is who is hitman target
hello agent 47 we have a new contract
waiting on your approval today we will
be sending you to the beautiful coastal
town of Sapienza Italy your target is
bioengineer Silvio Caruso creator of a
powerful bio weapon this bio weapon
virus can kill anyone anywhere at any
time
so we must destroy the virus by any
possible means you must also eliminate
the lab head Francesca DeSantis she
knows too much information that she
could easily paste Caruso's place if he
was eliminated
take down the true target agent 47 and
destroy the virus failure is not an
option the world is depending on it now
border I saw this bloody fuck without
messing with a bleep OPP supply italiano
and here we are leis Devin Barbara
Bunkley Italia it's so beautiful
so nice why does more headed man sitting
next to me we're going to say go away
bloody awful I woulda said it is two one
go it's okay I just hit over here where
no one's disturbing me listen okay so
I'm gonna start doing the tip man videos
I can't bother to explain why I have to
kill these people okay oh what's going
on so I'm just basically going to give
you a shit one down all right now over
here is still be a Caruso psychiatrist
okay so he kind of looks like me look at
him being folded everything so if I
pretend to be him that will get me easy
access to his house which is over there
we're basically twins Baldy up all right
now we need to get him alone to take his
clothes
how many poopie I love drinking my
coffee ah ah he's drinking some coffee
okay I'll just poison it now rat poison
is in his ice-cream store right over
here but we can't go back there because
we don't work there so we need this
waiters outfit
poopee corollary cigarette I sure do
love dancer dump the body
yey-hey to the skies head we are now
Nadia
okay going here blah blah blah take some
rat poison and now we poison his drink
coffee all bubble open I thought this is
too cold right I fall in the toilet
he's all alone mummy yes it's okay mr.
Italian man I will now pick up dr. Oscar
Mamma Mia
I'm here to see a Silvio Google so let
me another Bob I'm not too sure this
guy's it's like I just I'm not me I just
let me not all right guys we are in now
the butler is going to take me to their
secret room where they're going to have
a therapy session now all we gonna do is
just wait for Silvio can come on back
various Justin back probably poopy I'm a
sad pizza boy oh yeah yes I know
sure
Oh
we shall see you oh my goodness Rick
just supplicate this guy okay all right
now I need to be quick about this one
now if I go over to this room to the
right for Jessica's going to have a
phone call over here now I can expose
this wire to this fan and turn on the
water faucet and electrocute so I think
that's the quickest way to kill out so
let's do that okay so we take a
screwdriver and we expose the wire
exposed a wire that expose the wire of
the fan and then we go over to this
water faucet and turn it on boom there
we go now we just wait here she comes
okay I'm just going to go okay now that
is two of our three targets down I am
going to show other ways of killing them
but let's complete the mission first so
now what we have to do is you have to go
underground to a secret lab and destroy
a virus for some reason okay I'm
trespassing at the moment so I need to
be very careful that's tonalist
generator as a distraction but it will
be we're gonna learn generator at wait
for it now choke him down okay so the
labs through this door but these two
security guards are not gonna let me
through unless I'm a lab guy so we need
to find a lab guy oh here's a lab guy I
can't be bond with the bloody way for
this stupid lab guy so you know what I'm
gonna face yes both down take it
disguise we are now a lab guy and guys
oh shut up man okay both bodies dumped
we are in the clear take the keycard
Ethernet we can now go in the lab look
at this place yeah all right now how we
destroy this virus I actually have no
idea how to do this like well so I'm
just gonna do it half-assed Lee alright
go through this door quickly now and see
me no one see me go through here
oh we're suspicious okay we have to put
on a hazmat - so then we go through here
where the virus is being researched now
I have no idea how to get rid of these
two guys are great now a third guys
coming for
good mistake okay if I increase the
temperature that should destroy the
virus
so I sabotage this computer which will
get him to move away and then increase
the temperature crime know it wait
oh shit the puppet okay it's a fine it's
a fine 21 degrees 23Â° 26 degrees
temperature critical to what Oh what is
that noise oh we did it
hey towards an exit oh oh is a guy here
ratchet effect oh there's a plane that
we need to get on that plane quick oh
they're getting suspicious they're
getting suspicious they found the body
quick go go
okay we did it
we flew away and with a bloody song gone
alright now that's one way you could do
that mission but that's boring okay now
let's check out some more funnier kills
that you can do okay so one really weird
funny way of killing him is that we have
a safehouse over here and for some
reason there is an explosive golf ball
in our kitchen do you guys already know
what we're going to do with this golf
ball again okay place the golf ball baby
alright now we're going to do is wait
for him to hit it all right here is his
golf club baby I know biddin go fold
over time what yes sir all right that
was a such a stupid way of killing it
alright so now for this next kill
involves a sniper rifle
now this kill is actually pretty cool
I'll show you guys in a sec now Sylvio
has like an observatory okay look at
this thing okay now I'm not just simply
going to shoot him with my sniper rifle
okay that's just too boring now if I
open his observatory dome okay he will
then come over here and look through
this telescope now apparently if I go
somewhere far away I can shoot through
this telescope while he's looking
through it and shoot him in the eye and
that sounds really cool but I have to be
really quick about it so open the dome
now that's going to open up as we can
see over here alright there's a church
here we need to go all the way up to the
bell tower to get to the recon spot but
we need to this very sneakily alright
we're here at the bell tower now if we
look across we can see the observatory
look you can see is I three two one
for incentive think mad I love the
little cutscenes that they do when they
have certain kills now I really wish all
of the kills in hitman was like that
because those mini cutscenes are so
awesome I shot him through a telescope
that is insanely cool okay now this kill
is really weird he's got this like
really weird surveillance room over here
and over here is like a plague doctor
outfit so we can put on the outfit and
become the plague doctor here he comes
guys here he comes oh shit he has
bodyguards guys how am I gonna do this
alone he's dismissing the bodyguards now
is the time three two one they were
pants burning
whoa that was like whoa all right so
that's basically some cool ways where
you can kill your target okay now for
some reason they released a bonus
mission where you've got like a bonus
target it takes place in Italy Sapienza
- but there is - really cool and
disgusting ways you can kill your target
in this mission all right so there's our
target the future mayor of Sapienza so
what they've basically done is that
they've basically added like a whole new
bunch of shit you know for this level I
think it's pretty cool look
you even got like a singing woman on
stage you know it's a good use of like
the same level but you know adding
different props okay now I can't bother
to explain why but there is a man hiding
from the mare in the toilet okay and
he's got a meeting with the mare so
we're gonna kill him and pretend to be
him
but the doors locked so how am I
supposed to get him out all right pick
the lock okay there's gonna be
suspicious oh yeah quickly close the
door all right
Hodgman efface are shitting notice the
crime alright disguise myself as the sky
quick quick quick
it's fine right you guys think it's
hitman not this bloody guy with hair
right alright I've talked to the
bodyguards and they will take me to the
meeting let's do it alright we go
through here and here's his office I'm
going to go to the toilet quickly and
dump my weapon because they're going to
search me later if Dean's at my target
tier let's go out of this meeting baby
and sit down okay now this skill is
absolutely disgusting so now as you can
see on his table is a tent now if we
climb it at the exact right moment
I'm only safe okay he's just missing his
bodyguards okay it's just wait for it
its back is turned
awkward now it killed with head back
target down now my god Upendra head okay
one last kill now now apparently he has
a call on the church tower Bell okay now
we could push him off alright that's how
you kill him but he doesn't just call to
his death I'll show you I'll show you
guys right now alright we're on a judge
Tyler I had to disguise myself as a
priest okay but I'm meeting with this
man
I am I gonna push him off wait for it
and Andrews okay okay guys that was
sapiens I hope you can enjoy like
there's so much to do in Sapienza and
like I was kind of like what do I even
show okay so there is other ways of
doing it but you know that's my favorite
ways okay leave a like if you want to
see more hit man 10,000 and I'll upload
the next episode straight away thank you
guys so much for watching and I'll see
you in the next video man so the guys
love you ba ba
