stop so there are no who everyone how's
everyone doing as much as Oprah today we
are doing another quiz today we are
doing their possible quiz I hate it
quite as hard but not as hard as my
bloody finishing stop oh bloody Rocky
shut up music how many holes in a polo -
what would the game shooting me a13 okay
kind of matchbox no but a tin can where
we were away also this question
backwards okay I'll pick the answer we
also put the mouse on it don't tell me
what to do I put it over here don't
touch the blue besides I must was to do
that wait I can go outside the game
I'll be right each square rope onion a
bloody shallot what the shit a shallot
is basically an onion okay the answer is
really big um an elephant oh good and it
was a big right and such uh yes
okay what was the other two pleasure to
uh remember buddy stink thank you
that's why you do a flashback I don't
know guys it was this one which is that
one which is that one oh my god I
remembered choose food uh TT well then I
got wrong what follows December 2nd
December 3rd we're gonna shoot me like
that December 2nd and click the smallest
is this one particular took me because
there's actually this one what sound
does a bell make can you put in a bucket
to make it lighter a hole let's roll out
without a torch hey Winnie what do I
spell out host because there's a picture
of a horse h o r SP very floaty what is
the 7th letter of the alphabet a B C D E
wait a second
a LP h HB e the ABCD efg g if it's not g
what the bloody arabic is it D for TP
boys the seventh letter of the alphabet
one two three four five six seven
I'm smart 24-7 now I'm not staying any
less no but seriously it's uh 17 wait
what 79 it's a bloody war hrus why
couldn't it be a walrus I don't know hey
for what 17 mind blown oh stop color in
the correct order
who the bloody shit is Bakke is it blue
orange green green again yellow and Deal
or No Deal uh see ya what carefully
autocratic a bomb but what to see it was
this one
the choice is yours one life - one life
one Skippy I'll go for a life will go
and my life
a Skippy but with my mind gone I wish I
had a life what I do anyway save changes
to untitled yes No so is it cancel Brad
I don't was this it's saying something
but I got see if I move really fast be
safely click the V in lives see he how
do you kill a werewolf
you bloody Cillit bang black pudding Oh
black pudding greatly what shoe polish
where I thought I click that one which
of these place names doesn't exist our
Spacey oh my god I hope you've been
paying attention to the question numbers
it was 20 right so the next ones 21 okay
this is 27 so go to 28 what is this a
brief cupcake ballarino abundance I
don't get it what flavor is cardboard
with the shit honey cow pork scratchings
egg mayonnaise is egg mayonnaise I don't
know why but it is what that shit on
here oh no boom boom boom don't don't
don't don't don't
oh oh well what does yeah well he said
three wolfies what are the main
ingredients or sample from your bar baby
Charmin human feces are poor a poo
elephants don't like mice okay what am I
supposed to do with my mouse what did I
grow I wasn't looking and apparently
something changed click this button to
carry on breath okay I miss something
but yeah okay I got it right what do you
call a wingless fly a bloody a walk I
don't get it can you get this question
wrong nope nope no way of course not
clutch bit Mary Rose sat on a pin or
really birthed our piles
okay it's Mary Rose because Mary roses
is a name I told you what the bloody
shit is its blame marshmallow dancing
clinda girl adventures right here right
now cough drops face serious business
and I'm supposed to understand that okay
I'm not going to play this thing again
skip that question all right
I put the thousand arag√≥n don't touch
the pink if only I had a way to get
there without that is a big what if I
press this button it's a wig
it's a bloody dirty rectum is an afro a
lakh is afro so that's so so that was
what is the answer to life the universe
and everything is 42
but there's so many 40 tools oh you're
pretty take a shit on my face right now
how many 40 tools are there there must
be a list 42 1 2 3 4 5 6 41 42 hey
Bridget makes everyone gay ah I gotta go
again gay straight or bi or Tom Cruise
of course it'd be the odd one out what
the shit is this thing oh look at this I
can drag and drop it what is this wait
it's a puzzle click here
oh no it's buddy web things okay this is
what all the letters mean on webdings so
flag is w it could be web things one two
or three though what if I'm not looking
at that
okay I'm gonna cheat is this one guys
it's two eyes looking at a picture of
Sonic getting his nose chopped off oh my
god you killed Sonic you bastard
what did you what is clicky Oh what is
the correct spelling slapped me do slap
me do let me do what let me do this let
me do know it's plop me dude I don't get
it remember blue red blue yellow get the
hell out
okay uh okay right uh why Oh planet what
the berry carrot
this one is Marmite
what is that but Paul might not so it's
a stupid answer sad life is indeed the
logic of you China I've never been wiser
question mark know about 20 centimeters
off the ground because Shan hi
Ono was giant system against console
what wait I hope you remembered whoa Oh
No
it was a blue green yellow and they told
me to remember but I get new blue yellow
Count Dracula well there's only one so
on the subject of Dracula what is his
favorite food it's blood because it's a
vampire but it's probably urine or to
tell me or shepherd's pie what there's
always a stupid one - shepherd's pie
quick good be honest now did you manage
to do the last question on your first go
uh yeah I did actually
but what if I didn't well I did why it
means thumbs up in a Moche language but
what if it's the bloody evil sheep
pasture people - don't be some stupid
answer don't be some stupid answer okay
it symbol click the moth ah please look
how many shit there is I'm skipping it
I'm skipping it what are chicken nuggets
made out of 100% chicken soil with
tasteless white filth it's always good
stupid odds I just know this game so
stupid which is to say it's been better
than this BS is Bambi SB PS
is BS or egg eggs okay special illogic
is this one or could be this one cuz it
could be bigger Mouse why do you change
when I hover over the word largest okay
ladies German ours possible quiz there's
a hundred questions but I got up to 70
I'm not doing it okay I have to play
through the whole thing again I'm not
going if we get 10,000 likes I will play
the impossible quiz - okay I think
there's a second one apparently it's
funnier
leave a like 10,000 or do it and you
guys watch it go steal it for your
mind's eye guys let me move on I was now
a blood-stained tell anyone
