let's have a little bit of fun a bit of
money a little bit America by my side a
little bit of reasoning for the hello
who everyone how everyone doing is much
is okay today we are starting off a new
series and it's a series that I've been
wanting to do for so long now we are
finally playing hitman baby not to be
totally honest I didn't like how they
released like an episode a month with
this game okay it kind of felt way to
play so I thought I would wait to the
whole series has been released and now
is that time baby
so leave a like if you want me to do all
of these episodes you've got episode 1
which is fraud oh there was the gravels
or money oh we've got Italy ISIL was
about a little hair what's that I know
you hey we've got a Morocco yeah we've
got Thailand Bangkok
we've also got USA yeah we've also got
Japan okay that's me being racist over
let's go to France and see what mission
we're doing hello agent 47 we have a new
contract waiting on your approval your
target the sanguine CEOs booked a
Novikov and Dahlia Margolis although
they work as a fashion industry they are
holding sensitive and valuable
information they plan on selling this
information during the Paris Fashion
Show this weekend
our client wants you to eliminate this
power couple by any possible means the
Paris fashion show is a very exclusive
event with two types of experienced
security there are many possible ways of
an infiltration but some may see through
your disguise at the first glance this
mission seems impossible but it is very
important that you take out the target
now get your where so sell for tea I
still don't sort out my buttock
ah welcome to Paris 47 okay the show is
just about to start okay
you will find Victor Novikov bask in the
spotlight Italian logo is hers the
heavily guarded auction on the second
floor the group of Iago's top customer
okay good luck 47 good luck 47 thank you
madam rich oh my goodness so many
beautiful people
what'd I say I messed it up right I'm
not allowed to shoot people when I want
I died already Wow okay let's be serious
for a second here is the Paris Fashion
Show Low German hitman is all sorted
aborted move out the way you stupid
Oscar oh shit okay I'm just straggling
uh-oh
so do not watch me I done I died again
there he is he is dock target leizerman
we need to eliminate until you can take
your guys thank you very much okay I'm
here to party let's go later chairman
this is our target lace German now the
question is how are we gonna kill him I
tell this shit can't do it that way so
the thing with hitman is that there is
multiple ways of taking out our targets
now we have two targets ladies gentlemen
and there's two really really funny ways
of killing them all right so I'll let
them be by now because I'll get him
later and here is the Paris Fashion Show
Low German it's starting it's very
starting and here they come please open
the bottles okay oh my goodness they're
also great at doing their job
such talent such you know what let me
show you how it's done
all right now how we are going to kill
Viktor Nabokov is that this is his
fashion show lazy German so at the end
of the show he will come and give a
final speech and when that time comes we
are going to remote detonate the ceiling
stage and it's going to fall and cool
now in order to replace a remote
detonator we need to go upstairs but we
are not allowed due to tight security
whoa whoa whoa can't let you through
there man if only I had your uniform I
could disguise myself our security but
you go to - let's think of a different
way to get you oh my god I love Elmer
Krueger
oh it's Obie gave him hmm Helmut Kruger
that could be a potential bloody this
guy now the question is where is Helmut
Kruger could he be in the backstage area
is that who I think it is it's bloody
Freddy Kruger whatever his name was
Helmut googa helmet the helmet Luger all
right so this looks like well the models
are all right so we need a disguise so
if we go over here did a guy here
take his disguise we are now a bloody
stylist rock his body and dump it in his
conveniently placed box we can now walk
around the makeup area let's go find the
bloody Krueger guy all right we made to
the backstage area and I think bloody
Kruger is outside modelling yes Kruger
yes take those pictures oh my god
darling it's so beautiful oh yeah I'm so
beautiful yeah oh one second I got the
food cause I need to take bye-bye now
now Kruger has a secret meeting with
Dalia Margolis I think that's her name
and that's our second target so if we
impersonate Kruger and pretend to me up
with this girl okay we could then killer
all alone
Daniel I will come meet you all god damn
it because modelling yeah now's our time
I look like shit guys are coming take
his body take this body drag it drag it
shake where do we go where do we dump it
where do we dump it where we don't let
quickly take his coat okay okay let's go
where do I dump it's funny to come
beside it dump it dump it dump it dump
it oh um I think I just killed him
oh now we can call Dalia using his phone
hello is it Dalia what do you mean it
ended way too I have to meet you okay
I'll see you soon as all right we now
know where to me up time to take out our
first target but before we eliminate us
let's have a little bit of fun in
America in my life a little better
Erica by my side a little bit of reader
yeah baby there's up me okay so we just
did the runway now let's meet up with a
stupid girl and kill her
all alone okay the map says she's
through these doors there's our target
lovely outfit please have a seat thank
you okay very pretty I know she's
talking about some dumb shit I think we
are all alone she bought the disguise it
is now time equip my bloody guard
did I do it come back Tyler sighs
they're gonna kill me okay we need to
take her out quietly even though you
know my guns got a silencer and
everything maybe I can use my
fly-by-wire
okay stubborn Exantus did I do it upper
body opening because imprison typically
quick
that's it all right our first target is
down now we need to kill the other guy
now like I said we need to rig the
ceiling so it blows up and crushes this
guy now play me play before and I think
there is a remote detonator in this room
and we are not allowed in this room
quick quick quick quick grab the remote
explosive easy we did it baby oh shit I
forgot to put it away but I say quite
quickly now go go we are out on the edge
the stage is right below us it mad don't
look down don't look out okay let's
place the explosives here how do I do
that
wait missing crowbar wait do I need a
crowbar so I mean an explosive are
you've got to be shitting me I don't
know where's goddamn crowbar is
everybody okay guys I found myself a
crowbar
oh my god okay he's going out on stage
quickly quickly
shit shit while I fly to me quickly go
go go go go he's in the middle of the
state he's gonna give a speech three two
one
so
we need to get the hell out of it shake
shake shake the whole stage of God
everyone's run out quickly we need to go
is it going to go we need to escape when
you escape shit shit shit
oh shit I can't go through the front
door there's to be security guards oh my
god heavy Telecaster oh my goodness
we did it oh shit
nothing everything oh shit now there's
different ways of completing this
mission but I think that's the most
funny okay so the video was coming up a
little bit short so I decided to show
one more funny way that you can kill the
bloody guy all right perfect first I
need the remote detonator again or so
don't see be junk no sir so what
pussy-ass man why must punish wicked
minion actually stand up yeah but what a
pretty little was away you bitch I'm
Mehmet now is wondering wife was a GU
with this remote detonator and they're
not supposed to use it to blow up the
stage your mentor placed a remote
detonator in this girl's camera only
either cackling oh she needs a camera
lens better give it to her oh shut eye
get up Oh get the line up bloody
Pournami
oh cool alright that bitch needs a
camera length okay so we go over here to
these bloody camera cool we've got even
check the camera let's appreciate for
real what you bloody sweat bitch that
everybody will it fuck
and then we give her the camera lens
excuse me miss oh I couldn't help but
overhear is this what you're looking for
who god yes go - glad I could help
thanks mister your lifesaver I'm gonna
break a leg so I've give another camera
lens she's now going to interview Viktor
and then we take my any something I
don't know Danny we don't take the
remote detonator and
ah make it funny the fluid how bloody
who does up wing that means I did a
goody all right the interviews in place
now all we have to do is wait for Victor
and so excited to see him blow up blow
up like I did this motherfuckin so much
Tilly nowadays oops any difficulties
right buddy found me okay just give me
one second please
she's walking away she left the camera
there it is now time three two one oh oh
shit
okay run away the next ahead run to the
exit watching the exit
Papa Papa Papa Papa we still if
everybody's running away that hiya
bloody kill that Nabokov with a bloody
skateboard remote detonator
okay listen when I was the first episode
of hitman leave a like if we reach
10,000 I will definitely make this into
a series this first episode was not as
good as the rest of episodes I think the
next episode which takes place in Italy
is the best episodes if you guys want to
see that Ted dot 10000 like a recording
straight away either way those things so
much watching I'll see you in the next
video man so the guys love you Bob
