hello everyone how's everyone doing as
much as open today we are back with your
doorway just later we are finally back
with yandere simulator I have not played
this game in about six months I can't
believe that hasn't been that long
now the reason why it's taken me this
long to make a video is because there's
barely been any updates nothing big
nothing major okay yandere
okay what is your life so boring now
mere senpai did you miss me at least who
you were gonna waste my did you get some
bloody nose short
Yale Avenue shoes they're blue yeah that
blue shoes are stupid sometime okay
before we go in today's video apparently
if you press space a bunch of times the
delinquents will do something funny
nice nice space shit are they doing what
why they'll randomly dancing now a lot
of sadness going on in our skirt oh I
just let these stupid old kids dance
okay let's just start the video okay
what we are doing in today's video
apparently you could summon another
demon at the Oscar look at his evil god
damn emo kids reading their books
summoning some evil shitty look at this
guy god knows what he's reading once
upon a time there was a boy called
Brandon he liked talking about kitties
the end Oh scary Booker alright now
apparently to summon is no demon we need
to take the ritual night by the night
away okay we take the sacred ritual
knife and we go to the science club
science bitch
greetings Oh bye bye goodbye Oh bye I
love you now in the science club if we
go over to the table we will find some
blow
torches so we take the ritual knife and
we bloody planet oh hello towards that
nice baby alright and then with the
sacred knife
we must kill everyone in your cold Club
I'm sorry for this what I'm talking
about your nerdy God wait what the shit
is going on why they surround me what
what what what are Sydney alright guys I
got it wrong you were meant to put the
burning sacred knife back into the
scallop you hear my mouth oh very well
Oh guys the ritual knife is on fire aha
now with this knife let us kill everyone
where he was Christ calm down shit
alright then we must pick up all the
bodies and put it in the circle you have
proven you oh I shall lend you my oh my
goodness
underneath what am i well you let me go
oh my god look I'm glad a pig do I have
any special powers whoa I can burn
people
I couldn't burn people to hell oh my god
wait do they really don't care guys is a
demon right in front of you why do you
give a shit shit about you just go away
no one gives a shit huh no one gives a
shit well they don't give a shit now I'm
a monster
okay that was me burning and killing
everyone that was uh fun okay after six
months I'm not even joking I think
that's pretty much all that's new I do
think there's a couple new Easter eggs
wouldn't blade hair mole okay the news
is kind of scary but I don't get it my
hair is blase what happens if I press
the bottom oh you're so cute the way you
do your clothes oh okay
I came really less cubed all of a sudden
okay so it's nice to make wear my hair
turns into blades and I can decapitate
everyone well I was funny I think yeah
this looks really funny doesn't it yeah
so funny alright what other Easter eggs
have we've got tornado mold
okay let's activate this shit whoa whoa
whoa whoa
no come back oh well have fun you dare
bloody run away from me you pussy oh my
god a dead body
why would any one time literally by hand
give me attention okay well that was
tornado mode I don't get it white but it
was funny I think okay the last one is
yonder a cunt
what does shit you're today you're
bloody boys hey I'm yandere I would it
keep the shit out of senpai oh this is
literally the Easter Egg he's just a
dude
okay I won't that's fun isn't it what's
up with her
did you just assume my gender senpai you
can
okay we are back with young very similar
I had to wait for another update there
just wasn't enough context for one video
okay so I can wait another two months so
yeah we are finally back now what is it
it's not new update well ladies and
gentlemen if you go over to the school
closet you will find a box a cardboard
box which you can wear away in two
months for an update just for a bloody
box no the only thing like German
because if you go to the back area you
will find a bloody fool so you're doing
go up the ladder okay it is now time
oh you can't you can't go in the pool
the update put a pool in which you can't
even go in all right so there's two new
cool things that I waited two months for
this game to update and put in bold jobs
aside there is one new cool Easter eggs
so apparently you'll make a go to every
classroom and pick up eight items so
that was one this one is - this works
for wait was on was on three or four
okay party I meant to go to the roof and
then press control Oh
what is with this big muscular take care
of all these bloody equipment and
guessing I could punch people just gonna
slowly back away I don't know what's
going on and I'm a back of my snapchat
yet it's a monkey
a outside I love going to this school do
you think I could kill the teachers with
this pink eye
oh here we go again waiting sniffing
yawn doing homework I I wanna show you
my big eye I'll teach you to give me a
bloody FG job yeah that's funny oh okay
I think okay I think I think I broke my
teacher
okay later menage with all the new
updates for the past six months now
though this video hasn't been great has
been my best young dairy video so I'm
gonna go leave the playlist okay and I
suggest you guys some of the best Jarno
videos because some of the other videos
have been so funny and so good and if
you haven't watched them you know you're
missing out because there's some of the
best videos I've ever made either way no
lets people like a-tryin to 10,000 if we
do in the future I will definitely keep
doing it when the game is updated and
I'll see you in the next video man so
the guys love you Bob back yonder II I
like your bum I'm a pilot
