hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is your boy mr. selfie and today ladies
gentlemen we're gonna be reacting to
twitch fails babies now if you guys are
absolute idiots alright and you don't
know what twitch is it is basically a
live streaming platform okay now what
we're gonna be doing in today's video
we're gonna be focusing on people who
were live streaming and then something
crazy happened okay because you know if
the amount of people live streaming on
Twitch alright there is bound to be
something crazy to happen on Twitch okay
I'm not really that good of a twitch
streamer I've always wanted to stream
more okay so if you guys think I should
stream and you guys would actually like
attend my streams you know I should
actually do some all right let me know
what you guys think okay because I've
been meaning to sort of be like you know
like stream regularly you know all the
time you know but I never I'm just too
busy okay but if you guys would watch
you know I would be down okay let me
know okay so this is a Japanese twitch
streamer alright and what he's gonna do
is he's gonna you know play with his
matches just like this start the fire oh
god okay it's okay I just just just put
put put something in it okay we're told
hey guys oh no oh he's concentrating on
hot fire
he doesn't realize the thing they put
down is now starting its own fire oh no
oh no where's he gonna realize what he's
gonna realize what is he gonna do it oh
oh it's a bag full of paper and stuff oh
no that's bad oh no that's awful that
thing that's gonna burn why did you put
it in that is he trying to he's trying
to put out the fire with cardboard no
one told this guy that cardboard is
extremely flammable okay and will catch
fire and definitely will not put out the
fire oh no
oh no what an idiot was an actual idiot
okay
all right so I can see this escalating
Oh No
the fire spreading Oh No he's using
cardboard don't just leave the cardboard
there he's just like he needs to
separate the flame okay I'm just
panicking okay guys we need to be more
safe all right
could everyone make sure that everyone
owns a fire fire hydrant or something
okay could someone let could everyone
make sure right now about this because
Jesus Christ all right did something
happen like this in your house all right
what would you do - you'd be like this
guy okay oh my God look how big the
fires gone oh my god his is this house
actually gonna burn down because of this
because he was playing with matches
always bringing that water that's not
gonna do anything he needs to separate
the fire it needs to cover the fire oh
my god oh my god what an idiot okay is
he doing it oh just get rid of the
cardboard fire extinguisher huh yeah you
need a Pyrex thing was done oh now this
guy's not doing good job what are you
doing oh there's an alarm going on oh no
is he like an apartment building his
neighbor's gonna catch fire now - oh my
god what's he doing Oh God oh no it got
off to a sound oh okay he's dowsing the
flame okay I think he's doing it guys I
think I think he's yeah I think he is
actually honestly this fire is still
growing he's come to get more water guys
I think this isn't gonna end well I
think is how it's gonna burn down
don't you know water isn't gonna help at
this point you know you're screwed
oh no he is so screwed okay yeah he's
just going back and forth water there's
no way oh my God look at it now mmm
look at you can see the fumes in the air
you can see how powerful this flame is
now it just grew and grew and grew oh my
goodness yeah look guys okay yeah that's
pretty much it I think the video ends
okay no one actually knows if this guy
actually no did burn down his house I
think I think he did honestly yeah guys
don't play around with fires alright
especially in your own home alright
because this guy was so stupid to do
that not only do that he was so stupid
to do it on live stream no much of an
idiot this guy looks like now get money
on his insurance okay let the insurance
company look at this and they're like oh
no you're an idiot
alright we're not gonna pay the
insurance for you being an idiot okay so
this live streamer is called Kouta okay
now he got swatted on stream while
playing counter-strike okay it's
unbelievable I think I remember watching
this like when it happened like four
years ago
oh okay look he looks back okay oh this
isn't good what happened they're
clearing rooms what in the world I think
we're getting spotted clearing rooms oh
my god this is so scary
imagine this happening right now while
I'm recording this video
this is so scary
American American police and SWAT they
are not messing around
holy crap name yes if you guys didn't
know like some people while they're
live-streaming like right now they'll
ring up the police and they'll tell them
you know something's happening and you
need to come to this house like for
example you know like I'm going crazy
I'm gonna shoot everyone in this
building if you don't come to this
building so because the police don't
know if that's a real thing or a real
threat they have to you know SWAT the
place and make sure it's safe and secure
terrorists win yep not useful that
they're playing Counter Strike where
terrorists are winning you know yeah man
some people are crazy in the world man I
can't believe anyone that would want to
do this to this poor guy look at him
he's now getting searched in everything
by these poor police and it's happening
right in front of the camera okay it's
like that happening at likely right
all right so this is another twitch
streamer and something like so insane
happened to this poor woman alright is
that some people actually busted into a
house and rub robbed her at gunpoint
alright and this didn't happen like on
stream because she ran away but you know
you can see the robbers come into the
house after after ok and just the
thought of that you know happening you
know like this is the reason why I you
know I don't I don't want to live in
America ok shit like this can happen
some guy with a gun could just come to
my house oh oh she heard something okay
listen the scene on the ground on Oh
robbery this is a robbery I think oh my
god this poor woman oh look there he's
got a gun he's got a gun oh my god
imagine that oh my god this poor woman
was just streaming it she was just
streaming in our room and then these
guys come busting in our house look
there he is oh oh they're stealing from
their home I feel so bad some random
guys's in the house just taking shit oh
oh this poor girl oh look at this guy
he's got the gun oh my god that's insane
oh my god guys can you actually believe
that you know there's one thing you know
police come into your house you know but
police I meant to protect you okay so
you can kind of feel safe if you know
you haven't done anything wrong but some
random guy with a gun coming into your
house you know like this is the kind of
like thing this is the kind of risk you
know people like me you know have to you
know like deal with you know like
putting our whole lives online you know
there's bound to be some people out
there who just don't like you you know
like I've got a lot of haters guys okay
a lot of people they just don't like me
okay so yeah they'll do stuff like this
you know and it's not it's not funny
it's not a joke you know it's it's it's
a waste of time with them
you know and you know it could it could
hurt people's lives you know but yeah
like some guy robbing is completely
different you know completely different
Jesus Christ I'm scared okay so this
streamer is called Lothar
okay he's streaming half stone and he's
not feeling well okay look at it this is
not funny
what okay so he's not feeling well and
you can see it in it in in in him all
right now the thing about Lothar
holy shit is that he has got a condition
where he has seizures
from time to time okay now you can see
what I'm saying right now as he's you
know contemplating what's going on right
now okay
he feels a bit weird he says that he was
having hallucinations at this point okay
so now he's like oh oh oh my lord oh my
lord oh my god is having a seizure he is
actually having a seizure
look another thing that's scary about
this is that his girlfriend actually
sees that he's having a seizure right
now
okay but like imagine if you know he did
oh no she's like probably you okay oh no
I now look she's now giving him like
like pumping his chest making sure he's
okay
oh my goodness yeah guys I have no idea
what to do in these kind of situations
if someone starts getting a seizure I
have no what I have no idea what to do
so yeah that's pretty bad alright so I
think after this YouTube video
I'm gonna go search up how to save
someone's life you know if this ever
happened okay and I think you guys
should do too alright because you know
if this kind of shit happened you know I
would just look at them and just watch
him die alright because that's bad
alright though so everyone go learn okay
but yeah I don't worry about lost are
okay he was okay alright I just had a
seizure his girlfriend saved his life
okay it's alright alright so this is
another twitch streamer now the
interesting thing about this twitch
streamer is that he actually has a
condition where he's disabled so like
right there you know you just saw him
you know rolling in on a wheelchair okay
so yeah he has like a big audience you
know they support him even though like
he is he's disabled you know and has
that disability and everything like that
you know so it's is he's you know just
uh oh oh oh just okay now okay so he
walks up did his girlfriend he was a she
was like oh my god because she she's
just saw her boyfriend like get up on
streem when they're he's apparently
disabled so yeah what happened to that
streamer is that actually you know he
wasn't disabled you know he tried to
explain it but you know it wasn't real
and he actually ended up getting kicked
off of twitch for fraud which is kind of
funny you know but it's kind of true and
you know taking advantage of people you
know taking money of them saying that
you're disabled you know it's it's it's
not nice honestly all right so this is
another twitch streamer called mr. big
okay now what's really funny about this
clip is that the police come into his
house you're right and he has like no
respect for the police like he he does
not give a shit that the police have
come to his house all right it's just
funny okay you guys have to watch it I
would like to close my door so you might
want to bring your sergeant that's what
the last cops that came here told me and
then I closed my door oh so yeah and
they came for some bullshit over this
guy complaining about some other shit
okay so we got a noise complaint okay
okay so they're basically all doing you
know about like you know what are you
doing my house you know leave me alone
or I didn't do anything wrong bla bla
bla bla bla you have no reason to
suspect oh you have no evidence respect
for the police okay yeah all right
getting arrested okay all right so so
all of this talk you know and he ended
up getting arrested okay now this isn't
not much of a big deal you're probably
like alright so what you know like
someone called the police on him you
know now you know he's getting arrested
you know not a big deal but leizerman
what happens next
pretty funny begone I think God I think
he's gone
okay now it's my pen free stuff now baby
what we got here what we got here some
brand new Jordan shoes oh yeah take
these okay what else we got uh we got
this thing over here just now did you
steal shit from here everything seems
okay actually yeah okay I'm gonna go now
okay bye bye everyone okay bye bye he's
gone again
who knows my chance again what else do I
take now oh I don't know I don't know uh
take his wallet take his keys okay go go
go
okay so in a turn of events it was
actually his neighbor who called the
police about a noise complain and then
when the police took this guy away that
same neighbor came into the house
because the door was unlocked and stole
some shit but what's funny thing about
it is that the cameras right there so
what ended up happening is that this guy
in luck getting arrested because
evidence was right there so this guy who
stole you know he's now he's now in jail
okay yeah so uh well all right well that
end of the story okay okay ladies
gentlemen I'm gonna end the video there
that was me wrapped into the most
shocking like twitch fails ever to
happen on Twitch I really do want to
start live streaming soon okay like at
least like once a week you know where we
can have like one like live stream where
we can you know talk play games you know
hang out you know connect again because
like at the moment guys I'm feeling so
disconnected with everyone because you
know my life spins just so crazy
recently you know and I want to start
you know like you know you know trying a
bit more you know and not just taking it
everything that I have for granted you
know so yeah if you guys are down for me
twitch streaming not even on Twitch I
could do it on YouTube you know let me
know what your preferred platform in the
comments but yeah if we reach 30,000
likes I'll make a pot to this video
thank you guys so much for watching
I've seen the next one okay ba ba
