hey guys it's mesh yourself it today I'm
making a video that I really didn't want
to make I talked about it on Twitter and
Instagram but when I did do that
everyone in the comments on my youtube
videos were just flooded with support
from you guys and people who don't
follow me on there must be really
confused on what's happened so I thought
I would address the matter directly now
a few days ago my childhood cat after 14
long happy years was put to sleep
so all started about like three months
ago and out of nowhere rocky got a
stroke and now this stroke left his arm
his whole left arm dead
without feeling okay we took him to the
vet and the doctor said that we're going
to have to amputate his leg off you know
to cut all of his leg off because I have
no idea why but he said if we don't do
this he could have like two weeks to
live it was a hard decision to make you
know because chopping off his arm is
it's a big thing for a cat you know and
we were afraid that like the little time
that rocky does have we don't want to
restrict him and like give him a life
where he has to only live with one with
three legs you know so we decided not to
and eat ate his arm right and the doctor
gave him steroids and day by day he was
actually getting so much better you know
the feeling in his arm wasn't back
obviously because he got a stroke but
rocky learned to deal with it you know
he started limping a lot less he started
learning to put a lot more pressure on
his leg even though it was dead you know
and he started getting stronger day by
day week after two weeks after three
weeks after four weeks after a month
after two months but then a couple of
days ago he got another stroke not a
second stroke was so much worse than his
first one he lost feeling in now his
right arm you know so now he had both
two dead on and we would lay him down
and we would look at his chest and his
chest
was moving so quickly his heart was
being so heavily and we looked at him
and as he looked back at us you could
tell in his eyes that he knew that that
he wasn't going to make get out of this
one we felt so bad because when we
looked in we could tell that he was in
pain you know he was meowing a sort of
meow I've never heard him like meow
before you know so we took him to the
doctor the next day and the doctor knew
that there was only one option and then
he asked my mum it's your decision what
you want to do and my mum made the
decision to put rocky out of his misery
and they euthanized him then and there I
just want to say rocky was the best cat
we could have asked for he was so loving
he was so nice he loved us because he
knew that we loved him some people may
just think it's just a cat it's just a
pet but no it was he's so much more than
that you know because he was a part of
my childhood you know we got him when I
was 8 years old and having someone in
your life for that long it's kind of
like a family members kind of passed
away you know part of my childhood kind
of died the other day so yesterday I
found our old movie camera and now this
movie camera has like a bunch of like
home made movies from my childhood and I
remember we did record a little bit the
day we got rocky as a kitten now I
haven't seen this in like I know five
years or something so you know I think
it would be nice to share this really
important moment in my childhood with
you guys so yeah let's watch it for the
first time in like five years
he's only eight weeks bet he's not my
money to bury me
Frankie's going to kill me so share this
this is me when I was eight and Frankie
was nine
ah look des rocky this is the day that
we got I think it was like six weeks old
at this time I remember this moment he
is really cute as cute I so tired he
literally has the exact same face even
as a kitten
it's so cute
nutria my cat lookie going today on the
voting and the first 14th of August 2003
doesn't try amending mojitos dad are
Tintin
they much of the money that we love them
and nice to sleep in no oh and that's it
that was that was the day that we got
rocky I should really make a video
showing you guys a bunch of my home
videos because we've got like loads it's
really embarrassing though you know I
mean I'd look like an ugly kid but my
sister's they're going to kill me when
they when they know I did that either
way though I thought I would address
this matter because you guys have been
showing me crazy amounts of support
thank you for showing me the support
through this time you know I thought I
would address it you know clear the air
and kind of explains why I'm a bit you
know I'm a bit away on YouTube right now
I don't really feel like like working or
doing recording videos you know just
just give me some time and I'll get back
on my feet and I'll start posting proper
videos but either way though guys thank
you so much for watching and yeah I'll
see you very soon bye bye
brookey it's gotten worse than I thought
rocky could be okay
the beach is rocky rocky what do you
think about mrs. meowingtons kittens do
you like them
I think rocky likes them Rocky's been
like giving them Evil's rocky okay
listen to me right now you will not hurt
these kittens okay
all right now I know you look okay
jealous okay rocky we still love you
don't worry okay I don't love him
anymore it's all about the kittens but
anyway guys I wanna thank you so much
for watching
okay take a bath you Rocky why do you
love me okay
why did Rocky why did you love me rocky
look at him goal he just wants to get
out of my room don't jump rocky he'd get
so camera shy look at him go
he's like god dammit how do I open doors
anyway guys I wouldn't thank you so much
watching say goodbye rocky rocky look at
the camera take it back and guys I was
watching I'll see you in next video man
now alright guys right
he'll be happy rocky did you cry so
depressing
ocean
