hello everyone how's it all doing as
much as welfare today we are back voice
crack I had so much fun in the last
video if you haven't watched it go watch
it okay because I definitely want to
play more and more this game alright
what is going on in this school now
apparently I could kill all the students
in the game now I have no idea how I do
list but apparently I'm gonna start off
by letting that guy walk me at the stop
hey kid give me your lunch money
alright straw here take my money boy no
don't go tell the teacher about me or
I'll kill you stupid bully thinks he
could take my money because he knows
that trouble make tell you what yo go
over there and challenge him and I'll
make it worth your while
what you're a teacher just don't get
detention okay the teacher wants me to
fight this kid all right I'll do that
boy bucks again would you will make
swishing me it won't make your dad come
back
would you say like I will come back it
just went to the store to get some
cigarettes is all he will never be proud
of you you fight another student bugs
this is the last straw right now no
please don't
he's startled he's a liar okay okay oh
go goddamnit stupid red all right enemy
to go bridge was over authority to calm
down now you've got me thinking John
thinks he's a mighty because he's the
principal's kid why don't we arrange a
trip for him
Sid daddy whoa Jerome the black kid is
the principal's son okay let's talk to
the teacher
I miss you wanted to see me oh yes the
high and mighty Jerome always talking
back to me because his dad is my boss I
think it's time we finally got even with
him even Stephen Oh Stephen Ford me that
one of his hall passes has gone missing
I bet nuggets lifetime Jerome took them
live knock it alone um nugget okay sure
I can do that all right so we need to
prove that Jerome has the stolen pass Oh
broke up oh now you know you were cool
enough to talk to me homie but if you
set me up with a yo-yo I think I might
poke do you homie Oh apparently Tyrone
likes yo-yos okay I think this kid was
selling yo-yos earlier that goddamn
photo yeah bitch deal it all right if we
give him the yo-yo all right he thinks
I'm cool I'll trade you the yo-yo for
the pass
okay so Tyrone gave me the whole pass
man by God do we like that little homey
yes
tell me he's a good little rat are you a
cool man making me go to the principal's
office alright stupid little rat okay
I'm not killing the kids I'm just
getting them all sent to the principal's
office now it's time for nugget the
little weirdo
by the time recess starts why is the
teacher obsessed about getting all the
kids in trouble oh I didn't realize I've
got a planner okay my aims are to get
Monty in trouble get Lilly in trouble
and gained the trust of nugget before
recess starts alright first things first
let's try and be friends with nugget
chicken nuggets sure do that all right
all right it is now lunch time weeds get
Monty in trouble I'm Monty I'm guessing
the way we get Monty in trouble is to
tell the janitor often hey kid oh oh
okay Monty down Lily a nugget to go we
have to get Lily in trouble and Lily is
out here is she eavesdropping on the
principal is that how I get her on
trouble did she go to the principal's
office knock on the door
it's dad no no my dogs go now here Lily
was eavesdropping you're doing I uh I'm
not to let you know Lily we've been over
this I had nothing to do with your
brother's disappearance why don't you
step in my office office no principal
we're gonna do - Lily please excuse me
for a moment
what thank you for letting me know about
er why don't you go finish your lunch
you're covered in blood
oh this is ketchup man you're very
observant you know that now listen here
son
Lily is gonna be punished very severely
for being observant do you understand
yes good don't get back to lunch okay
okay okay we're going we're going all
right III think you're just short the
bloody Lily
okay cypher recess friends with nugget
yeah did you see that hell he's standing
by over there he's been digging it for
days now I'm pretty sure it's gone
straight through the bottom of the box
okay what told me to do about Supergirl
okay she wants me to go down Nuggets
hole because he trusts me now and finds
something that will get him in trouble
okay it normally does not have any
friends to show his work to but today he
does are you ready to enter a nugget
cave that's where you go okay we're
going in the Nugget cave wait what
what's he doing he's a spy no it's
wisely for all those nuggets in there
okay here we go
this is that Billy's grave do it luck it
was just living the Batcave it fell from
the sky all right take the dog okay I'm
guessing we have to blame nugget for
killing the dog I'm pretty sure that I
killed the dog I must have dumped it
down here oh my god oh my god I need to
go all right
what Cindy might be a little upset to
hear about her dog so am I supposed to
get rid of Cindy before I do that
alright guys I got rid of Cindy let's
talk to the teacher large teacher lady
well no never but listen the Nugget
knows it was a janitor yeah it was a
janitor who killed a puppy
oh my god pleased with the result
another gold star a special lunch pass
you can use any time you want to have
lunch with me it's my way of protecting
my little that's what the hell they can
please unlock the lunch bus oh my gosh
that is actually insane but we got one
of the items in there in the place
alright so I'm guessing we need to get
all of these items for like us to know
more about the game I guess we found out
what happened to Cindy's dog he got she
good he got dumped down that hole what
else do we know we haven't even found
out what's happened to that girl's
brother her dead brother's gone missing
I think that's what we're gonna try and
do next episode guys anyway guys if you
do want to see more please please please
leave a like alright if we reach 10,000
I will do more I really want to do more
guys and I hope you guys do too
either way thank you so much for
watching and I will see you in the next
video manslayer guys love you bar back
