hello everyone how's everyone doing is
my Soviet today we are playing bending
and the ink machine baby buddy
let yourself hasn't played a bloody
horror game in a while okay and
apparently this is the new spooky spooky
game on the bloody mortgage every time
since we watch on cartoons together yes
really slips away doesn't it come visit
the old workshop there's something I
need to show you
oh okay so I used to dream cartoons way
more all right so I think the story with
this game is my name is Henry and I'm
visiting
Joey's workshop where we used to draw
cartoons this cartoon in fact I think
his name is bendiga
shut up like this okay so evil okay
don't trust this call to dreams come
true that's a nice motivational thing to
write on the wall not scary at all scary
at all
ink machine the game's called bad DNA
ink machine so this is the ink machine
Oh wonder hey turn it on how do you turn
it on go check the pattern on you didn't
need a bloody objective to tell me that
all right I could gather baby go like
why are you everywhere that be oh she's
up like that why is the water falling on
the floor ah what do I got doc lock pick
up the wood I can't pick it up okay
oh what's wrong gosh it Joey what you
doing what you don't the problem coffee
Oh see them rather got moving on oh my
goofy what they do do you copy
I swear was it bendy where are you baby
who's laughing now not Mia oh okay now
we got to fix the ink pushing by turning
on the power I love this game already
and so scary and fun okay so I need to
find a penny bet I bloody musical notes
ability key cookie which she in a book
and apparently that's gonna turn on the
power because logic okay ready
would you help Andy do but not follow
Mia all right
I don't care how happy you are okay I've
got to find these six items alright this
is going to be fun just me walking
finding shit what's this I found the
bookies Wow I found the record I wasn't
looking for a record while I need that
you have good note door oh so cute I
love this Kogi Kogi water wood oh but I
didn't do that it opened by itself I
swear to God musical note do I need that
turn on the radio oh right right I use
my old desk my old desk wasted so much
time in this chamber yeah you drew two
things okay and there were never good
things yeah you wait too so much time
Enki okay that's all I got it all then I
can start the main power oh I know what
I did okay
we're sewing pressure yeah I know when I
did I think it's over here don't
jump-scare me game Wow baby I saw you
once maybe you come out here okay I saw
you where to go up there you are listen
Betty I saw it okay don't bloody deny me
all right turn on the ink pressure
please there we go
easy peasy soccer mob bloody great
nothing's done turning pressure is done
now go try on the power boom did you do
it okay I think the powers on don't
scare me game ok goofy you're still dead
up so we run it we get over here before
you guys will feel like I'm gonna die
it's a cartoon alright I thought through
they're gonna kill me bandy bandy bandy
oh bloody look for your life run for
your life Wow
I felt the plot thickens
I have fallen down to a secret
underground base and the musical scared
cuz it game not just gave me like this
Oh door hello who are you
hello I see come on yeah open Oh what
what what oh shut the door
what happened alright that's the aim of
the game now find a new exit all right I
scared this game come on now
that's what baby foods law for now oh
that's what you get baby that's what I
just told you I want you I did comes
back alive if I look away
alright look away go oh you can you help
me alright old he go let me go you
powers escape from how need to get power
to the gay couple switches in your body
alright and how fun is that
oh there's a switch boom easy switch
number 2
boom ok switch number 3 who found it ha
ha ha that was all great gameplay how
lovely I'm so good at this game yeah
music department how lovely
I don't care baby this is the music
studio Oh Becky down all right Mandy I'm
coming down to play music sandy what
baby where'd you go baby I thought I
want to play music with me you were just
saying I know you up there oh I didn't
dunno
oh look a piano
it's bendy up here again maybe you were
just fit what this code is all right I'm
gonna calm down bendy
you guys better still be there when I
come down I'm here let me let you go
throughout their system now okay okay I
could give you the treble right now then
they go away I'm not playing your games
find the pump control aah
I can't be bothered to do these things I
can tell a nigga do we have music now
how lovely
what said oh my god that's black people
that's gonna wait this thing but
Caldecott doubt that they've already
done
oh you it's been inked guys what is door
opening now maybe what you're doing
massive what is going on with this game
all right guys I got a little stuck on
what to do but apparently this voice
note told me the key to the closet in up
is in a bin somewhere I would never get
that got that English oh look guys the
keys were in the bed just like I thought
it would
violin banjo banjo drum okay I have to
play that in the holder but what choice
to go work your item in that saw him go
away black man okay are you going to
turn to a black man to I know it okay go
away I forgot the wiggle now it was
violet banjo banjo drum great did
nothing so good I did should I try that
first alternative that man excu with you
do what oh here we go
violin banjo banjo drum I did it you
hear that guys I did it now stop
following me or chasing me Oh secret
room with the flow and the golden okay
that should do it sorry I don't know why
that scared me oh but they go away stop
it how are you wow that's a crew stop
kill them all
is that Ben D bloody moving it's like a
man with a baby face okay I'm just gonna
keep going okay just ignore me don't
kill me please I really don't want to
die oh look a leek finish yourself
open-book control lalala I can now go
down the stairs without dying I hope I
hope please do not kill me oh there we
go now nice and tight we would not make
our sheep roaming away now would we
what is God I am honored you came all
the way down here to visit me what it
almost makes what I'm about to do seem
cruel oh whoa our Lord is calling to us
my little sheep the timely sacrifice is
a hand what is this guy talking about ok
we'll finally be free from this prison
inky dark a Bobby's a believer I can
hear him crawling Navajo the ritual must
be completely I don't know I got do for
you so take up a hobby will set us free
don't set it free I don't set it free
you come back here you inky boy come
take me out this i thinkI Oh No Oh No
get me out of it thank you for riding on
the carpet
all right I'm offering you can sacrifice
me just I think so ok I'm gonna die
gonna die he killed it it wanted to meet
it escape or a continue a frightful an
internet an Internet as always laugh
about that so one month one month of it
nothing really happened now I all that
bloody shitty pallava for nothing oh my
legs broke
what I needed that day gone away did I
died to do good dog there we go sorry
what what what what into the quality is
it all dairy and they've got me another
quickly wait wait wait wait wait wait oh
the door closed and it locked
okay well that was not scaring it okay
did I do it did I
who's that I know you're in here
come on show yourself bad guy this goofy
that was in the chapter okay now this
game has chapters but they're coming out
like every month or so
alright so I played the first two
chapters everyone's like playing and
obsessing about this game alright I
think it's pretty cool if you guys want
me to make more when the next episode
gets released leave a like if we reach
10,000 only I'll do it but if not then I
won't all right hora doesn't we do well
on my channel so only talk to you guys
it's not to do every once in a while
anyway guys either way thank you so much
for spending this time with me and I
will see you in the next video man
letter guys love you barb
