oh hey there Squidward that is spongebob
working today anyway can I get a two
Krabby Patties a large side of coral
bits and a kelpshake and oh yeah can you
ask if spongebob is still coming
jellyfishing with me later after work
excuse me sir but I think you are
mistaken I have no idea who those people
are and we don't sell any of those
things you have mentioned Squidward stop
playing around
I'm hungry my name is not Squidward are
you not listening to me right now so of
course I'm listening
you're Squidward and this is the Krusty
Krab I am NOT Squidward it's not it's
not No liar liar plants for hire a liar
how dare you some are you stupid
no I'm Patrick what the bloody hell is
going on in your brain right now sir
their new machinations of my my door an
enigma well in any case sir I am going
to have to ask you to leave
I could another B shenanigans going on
in my life right now so if you don't
leave I will have to call Los Santos
Police Department
I trust me sir you do not warn us so can
you please
like this book loaded right - Squidward
I'm not leaving until I get my order
oh my okay okay okay please do not shoot
my friend out I'm getting your order
right now just look I putting it in the
bag everyone stay calm
nobody needs to get hurt nobody is to
get on thanks Squidward okay bye
Porcello six nine I repeat for 206 nine
looks like a blues getting a shot
dropped again over god damnit a poo this
is not the fourth time this week all
right police are in pursuit
I repeat police are in pursuit all right
so you're surrounded come here with your
hands up
I'm giving you to the count of three
look everyone how is everyone doing is
Michelle fair and you guys know what we
are finally playing today we are back
with gta5 baby it has been months and
months and months since I played GTA 5
so now if you guys want me to bring back
GTA 5 or a weekly series then leave a
goddamn like if we reach 25,000 likes
I'm going to upload another GTA 5 mod
video today's model ace gentleman is one
of the coolest mods I have ever seen let
us change into today's character which I
think you might know who it is
something you wish
okay I'm not actually gonna sing the
rest of the song is already cringy
enough okay look at this SpongeBob
SquarePants model it looks absolutely
insane
I have never seen GTA 5 modeling like
this it looks so good
how you doing spongebob Hey so now the
reason one was looks so good before now
guys is before you actually had to
change the appearance of like an
original character but there has been a
new mod called
add-on peds which allows you to add any
sort of being or character you want so
it's a days video we are going to be
messing around with SpongeBob
SquarePants and of course Patrick Starr
baby
hey we're Sponge Bob go hi I'm Patrick
hey Brandon is Patrick where's spongebob
go Brandon i linear loan guys alright my
Patrick impression ain't that great
alright but you're gonna have to deal
with it for I this video this mod is
supple talkable just the way Patrick
looks like spongebob this is the most
cutest thing I have ever seen guys I'm
so happy like mods have just finally
taken that extra step into being
absolutely amazing Patrick what are we
doing in this town back hey spongebob
I'm scared we need to get back to bikini
bottom Patrick I'm glad you brought that
up because not even joking I have found
a mod where it puts Bikini Bottom
in the game will spongebob look weird if
I if I get in a motorcycle uh okay just
just a bit weird
tell me Patrick back stop being inside
me Patrick
boy trouble pretty sure this is not how
I ride a bicycle why do I look bad
alright we are now at Venice Beach but I
cannot see bikini bottom anywhere now I
heard in order to get bikini bottom to
spawn we need to sing a special song
round the campfire
and I think you know what song it is
it's gather around the campfire in Sea
Hawk my song ICMP fi re your bikini
bottom's in sport probably because I
didn't enable the mod you know I just
just want an excuse to sing that song to
be honest look like gentlemen in the
distance we have bikini bottom now I
will check this out yet okay but oh my
goodness I cannot wait to see this look
at these guys they import the whole
Bikini Bottom town it literally looks
exactly like the TV show seriously this
is actually amazing even up roads I
could pretend to drive what the hell why
was building just fallen over it kind of
looks like Squidward's house is this
like what happened in this place but
we've all got this giant anchor this is
amazing seriously guys this is so cool
this must have taken him like absolutely
ages we need to give him models more
credit they're bringing a lot of work to
make these sort of maps okay and they
look absolutely amazing right the model
did an absolutely amazing job
so there's Bikini Bottom town did they
make where SpongeBob and Squidward look
oh wait is that it over there oh wait no
I think it is the only owning did one
heart of it but look it's our houses can
I go in my house no it's just the front
but still go alright it still is pretty
cool the fact that you can even do this
sort of thing it just feels kind of
weird but it's kind of cool the same
time spongebob show me around your house
oh wait no there's not
spongebob you in it Oh just lobbed out
seagulls this feels so weird that it's
like not in the bottom of the sea if
they found a way to put this city under
the sea that would be absolutely amazing
and cool but oh yeah let SpongeBob and
Patrick take a break from Bikini Bottom
and go explore Los Santos baby all right
here we are Patrick Bahamas West Mama's
what is this place punch Bob I think
it's a party Patrick I love parties
hello sir don't gigas to this party
please oh yeah I got SpongeBob
SquarePants on the list
you boys have fun now
okay guys I'm gonna end the video here
this this is really weird video I just
want to show you the mods all right and
you know what I love spongebob all right
so I thought would be a funny idea to
just just do some funny skits but either
way I hope you really did enjoy I spent
a lot of time in this video right
installing these mods are so hard and
that's what I really hate about modding
is that I find modding so hard but I did
take the time to get these to work
finally so be sure to leave a like if
you want to see more GTA 5 mods videos
alright because they take so long and I
put in so much effort whenever I do make
a video alright so I said 25,000 likes
and that month load another GTA 5 mod
video because I have some amazing mods
to show soon anyway guys thank you so
much watching and I'll see you in the
next video months later guys love you
Baba
