hello everyone how is everyone doing is
much out there today we are back in
again with Wii Sports Resort
this is plot to go watch part one okay
now in this video we are going to be
playing all the rest of the game modes
which i didn't do in the last video okay
we got short play done wakeboarding done
frisbee little doggy okay next one is
archery oh I need a nunchuck oh I don't
have the nunchuck okay we can't do
archery I don't have a nunchuck next one
is golf how entertaining Union no I love
go yes Golf is the most entertaining
sport in sporting history I'm upsetting
all of golf fans sorry all two of them
I should probably Greta me but I'll be
the brown guy because well do I want
three 9 or 18 holes let's go with three
just like a woman what is wrong with me
today I'm just offending everyone today
I like it put the shit in it resort ABC
classic ABC ABC hit 100 it's golf
just like we sports remember how
entertaining that was in that video yeah
is that good I hit a tree shit okay here
we go
round guy is on holiday playing golf
what a lovely day it is a big golfer it
can't wait to hit these bowls I shut up
brown rice before starting I start a few
lessons well I just realized golf isn't
funny at all we need to come up with a
forfeit I'm going to fill my mouth with
water until I pop to the board
modulus I do I do this to myself why
look at this shit my desk all wet now my
microphones wet much louder it wasn't
even funny
hey what I should eat oh good oh oh
Fareway you ought to be shit again
that's good huh
let's go up now this is the important
one will Brandon and get it in quiet on
the course please hold it bounce out
give up and not give up
hey they had an 8 shots on me alright
par 3 let's let's let's do it in three
shots we're not going to do it in very
Shan Shan the coke in the gut Wow not
easy anybody what doc come on second
shot
oh yeah that's horrible alright forty
yards to go now if I want to hit pause I
need to get this one in wish me luck
uh-oh mm-hmm small bars all day get up
come on Oh what okay I'm pretty sure if
I mess this up I'll get plus eight
already to do now is put it to get pong
come on Brandon three two one
I wish I was dead
okay I did it pass but at least I'll
finally get the ball in the hole go
at least I'll get the ball in the hole
at least okay the pool in the hole okay
I got frightened points okay I'm pretty
sure on goal you need as small as
possible but all right next one is
bowling
just like we sports again we're just
going to have a simple game of bowling
all right no pressure
like golf just me having fun
great - Oh Brandon is done how you throw
the ball what watch me it's all about
whoa shooting Oh
Oh bye - I'm shaky Christine I'm telling
you I'm not stopping I feel like
everybody's shitty strike oh my god okay
next one's power cruising where you need
a nunchuck I don't know Chuck now I got
to skip and skip a canoeing you guys
want to see that okay we are now going
to canoeing what is this jungle music ha
ha ha monkey monkey oh cool
do I have to like canoe myself whoa
a girl role it's so amazing it's great
aid technology why here guys a
competition okay a time minute wait
what's this - Reducto in it Roy about
you are your boat gently down the stream
come on come on come on let me do it
ha I did it I play this game for bloody
exercises this shit I guess I realized I
really played all the best ones in the
first video tonight but I'm sure cycling
will be amazing wrote race what is that
no no ok I've got no choice the last
thing is air sports so fun skydiving doc
flight we see sounds amazing
it's just skydiving oh shit oh I am I'm
skydiving
I'm skydiving alright what island fly
over oh shit looks like a girl wet it
shit can I fly hey wait can I die can i
kamikaze into the bridge I said I didn't
die either parachute why was it I
drowned
will I drown oh shit man Nintendo why
can't I commit suicide can I kill
civilians I pretty sure I just killed
someone look at that they're playing
basketball it would be a shame of a
plane crashed in and killed them all
Claire I can cut the engine off oh oh
alright well this was fun for like 10
seconds but now I'm not having fun
okay guys I went out and bought the
nunchuck okay so now we can play the
rest of the games
let's do cycling and that's fun how the
shit am I going to cycle in a video game
while it was so determined to win this
goddamn race oh I'm going down sir wait
whoa okay they just go do live Grand
Prix way no the Grand Prix is the is
Formula One oh shit I got stuck there go
all the way over there go all the way
around the eyelid go up there down that
road don't go to the bone bloody fool
man wait why don't I start with bullies
oh shit three two one Mary oh God
oh go back I just realized it's just
gonna be me just doing this for like ten
minutes straight do is really planned it
but adults aren't there so up you want
to ready win this book bloody right
running out breath
shut up inside no risotto go go go go go
go go Alicia come on little bit Nora oh
she have run 2598 18.7 think I came so
my pass all these stupid shit look all
those guys come on like it when you can
catch up if you catch up now this place
come on nice that's not nice and shitty
I couldn't do power cruising could I I
found fun oh and look so fascinating I
cannot wait to go on water go and this
is it just me going through water you
have fun going to Howard fun what do you
me do this good it's so much probability
no time you piece of shit can we spend
10 pounds for a bloody nunchuck somebody
watch ski on water okay
and that was yeah well it's fun okay
last one is archery fuck sounds amazing
one player please because I'm lonely oh
look at it it's so pretty and beautiful
look at me with my arrows why muscle
goddamn sexy hold it hold it a nine I
hate my life Wow okay hold the boat woo
okay this was funny 35 meters away but
watch me get a 10 baby come on I did it
I did it okay well that was I was super
duper fun I tell you that right now okay
guys that was all of the sports on Wii
Sports okay if you enjoyed the video
then be sure to leave a like if we reach
10,000 I'm going to do more we games if
you want to suggest me some leave it
down in the comment section because I'm
obsessed with the week oh no make at
least one video a week on the way okay
anyway guys hope you enjoyed now see you
in the next video man later guys love
you Bob
