so hello everyone how is it on doing is
measure selfie today I have a fan
animation for you guys I have never had
someone animate me okay I was not
expecting this so thank you so much
hardly please please please go and
subscribe to his channel
I'll leave it down description okay it
will mean a lot to me and it's
supporting someone who's an upcoming
animator okay thank you so much Harvey
and I hope you enjoy this animation I'll
just play one game I'm playing against
Matt the black guy that's not racist
right we're gonna do it does anyone
actually find tennis interesting that's
like I mean a tennis is boring why would
anyone like this I'm 15 love all right
you need to get 40 love to win no you
don't you need to get more than 40 it's
my partner just me why is it two against
me
oh did not fall over I think you did end
the game
I want it right shit
bat around what you mean I go what
straight oh now you piece of shit all
right
changing sides maybe I'll be better at
throwing in order to get someone out
we've got to do is just do that and then
they're out look I even try oh shit it's
Matt you may have read me antennae
dragon but you're now going to be me and
baseball or I'm Matt come on you piece
of shit
yeah that's right I told you about your
picture shake what we get a home I get
voltages
