we just got a letter we just got a
letter
we just got a letter I wonder what it
says hello everyone how is everyone
doing a special selfie today we are back
with house party baby okay if you
haven't seen my first video on house
party boom go watch that shit it was
funny
now what I forgot to do lost episode a
party you can get with Ashley baby and
you could also get with Madison
oh hello Madison you don't know me but
I'm going to bloody kiss you later huh
cuz that's what you do a house boys guys
you just kiss or the girls okay
Oh aunt Sookie see with any of these
stupid dolls who think they could odds
for then again this blonde one could
really dance okay don't be so mean it's
okay okay now before we go chasing some
tease what I really want to do now is
talk to Frank what the hell you look at
that man the hell out of my face right
now I'll kill you right now Frank hates
it when people are drunk but there is a
boy here who is bloody drunk so
apparently I can get Frank to beat up
that guy if I just like get them to talk
to each other or some shit hey man
you're not drunk are you
because if you were okay Frank you stay
here and I'll go get that drunk little
shit okay here is the drunk guy okay I
thought around
okay I heard there's a boy downstairs
who wants to kiss you oh man I've drunk
way too much drinkin ad but it is a boy
downstairs who wants to kiss me okay
wait for it to come there all right now
listen Patrick you better watch out for
Frank
no pussy all right fine I tried to warn
you but fine oh shit maybe I should have
said that okay I got ask him how did he
get drunk if this guy is guarding the
alcohol oh man that's easy I took a
bottle of wine and I shove it down my
pants free-cos no goddamn idea oh shit I
hope he isn't hearing this conversation
right now but what the hell did you just
said I'm sitting right here oh shit man
I'm in big trouble
oh shit fight that Frank is gonna fight
this guy oh oh oh oh sprint in the
kitchen these guys are going down
look at him go go frankly the shit out
of him beat the shit out me fuck off
Oh oh my okay this is the most dramatic
fight I've ever seen in my entire life
oh shit okay he's dead yeah you you are
you killed you killed him anyway let's
go get some titties I don't watch out
for Frank a little bit worried about
Frank you are so he said you were scared
of him Patrick just caught you an ass
licking monkey on the table what's going
on I don't wanna fight you Frank
just let me go listen get off the
goddamn table what are you doing and I
get involved in the fight too yeah I
can't get involved with a fight but I
couldn't rub his bum to motivate all
right well this is some great fight I'm
gonna let you two just get on with it
okay step number one to getting some
titties at this party we need to get
this girl's phone okay she left her
phone in the bathroom while she was
doing the poo okay hey take your phone
yeah and then I say since I got your
phone how about ever Oh
she'll give me a kissy okay yeah let's
do it
just some drink on my sister maybe okay
she wants me to get her sister naked
yeah that sounds that sounds normal oh
you guys are still fighting oh yeah
oh that's nice to know anyway hello
Ashley all right Ashley I need to get
you naked so I'll speed things up show
me the bitch okay this girl was a towel
okay that makes sense get the towel I
don't know why I have to do actually
could have clearly walked in the
bathroom by herself
oh I see it now maybe you could give me
your clothes so I can wash them
no if a boy offers to clean your clothes
okay she needs to trust me before she
gives me her clothes obviously so she
wants her sister's diary oh shit okay we
need to be very sneaky and find bloody
Madison's diary
close the door be very quiet there's a
girl in the bed oh I'm getting the diary
like we agreed on we must first go into
the closet door looks like the coast is
clear
oh shit drugged God now what we need to
do is that there is a safe here
and we need to use our epic hacking
skills I've done it I've got damn done
it we can now open the safe
oh my we have Madison's diary oh it's a
gun I have her goddamn diary now that
you can trust me
how about you give me your dirty clothes
oh sure oh god oh shit she led me to the
bedroom god are you gonna give me your
clothes so I can wash them or what
nothing I just I just kind of wasn't
expecting to see the day okay girl I'll
just go wash your clothes now oh my
goodness these girls okay put their
clothes in the washing machine okay
there we go
I'm such a good guy so T's how you been
can I get you anything you want a soda
okay sure I'll go get you a drink now
this is where the game gets really weird
and complicated now in order to get her
downstairs and naked in front of
everyone I need to make her feel sick to
do that we go in the closet and we take
this iron medicine and what we do is we
mix it with the soda
I poured the entire bottle of clear ice
in the soda somebody's about to have a
really bad day now if I give this to her
she will apparently go to the bathroom
and throw up but if I look the bathroom
uh-huh
she will have no choice but to go to the
downstairs bathroom and show everyone
titties here's the soda now hurry up and
throw up no I I did no such thing
oh no you have to go downstairs and show
everyone at ease Oh No okay and now
she's naked downstairs anyone wanna see
oh
oh my god you are such a slut you are
naked at your own party oh my god that's
disgusting
hey girl where dem Katie's dude though
alright embarrass your sister are you
gonna give me a kiss or what why are you
bending down alright I don't want this I
just wanted a bit of a kiss girl
so can we stop this okay there we go
okay on that note I'm gonna end the
video here now I know you can make
Madison I mean Ashley do that to you as
well okay guys thank you so much
watching please leave a like let's try
in it 10,000 every time we do it brings
a smile to my heart and I'll see you in
the next video man so how the guys love
you Baba
