well hello everyone how was it on doing
is myself it today we are played
Parappa the rapper wale this game ladies
German was one of my childhood favorites
okay this game came out 20 years ago
this game is older than some of you
little shits okay the game got
remastered so I'm paying and sharing one
of my favorite games as a kid if you
liked it please like the video guys okay
I was way too early
okay here we go
oh okay did you know why we stopped the
car do I know where you started close
oh you know while we've got the call do
I know I use topic laws about what you
okay that's equal to the right turn to
the line Joel double double walk on the
hand now turn to him
step on the table while I step on the
brake we stopped the car again I know we
must gonna be driving a car ok that was
the first level by the way guys I did
make a parappa the rapper to video
alright so go watch that because I think
proper the rapper 2 is a better game and
has better songs the proper the rapper 1
ok my second favorite is this one with a
bloody iguana or whatever the shit
daddy's course or a safari and Jamaican
I'm working in the flea market too early
oh how can work in useless mybama walls
of a government agent because the rhythm
is low hold us domain does your town
flow yes in the rain in the rain all
just about the funky flow jacket got a
pothole in the road
in the rain is all just about the funky
bro got a couple get older we're bonded
organized on the friendly oh I was
supposed to say that all the well
modeled is organized on friendless all
you need ago as being nice and friendly
I can tell about your life is I can take
a fucking job buddy
I can fill up with your slices I can
take a polygraph right right
I never dream it would be like you know
one rule of the differences here
constable you will bring you luck this
poor cornea we make you laugh mom double
your God with love trouble you come over
here with a lot a lot of fun
I meet a lot about the Nova on the road
here in Torino in the store just about
the funky block in the rain or in the
zone in rain or in the slope of the
bunky bunk you go back the doctor will
never call everything never do I have
never sold everything everything you
will never sold everything ever do you
have told everything anything any money
money deposited money body body organ
the boys on the money money
all you need only party hearty I for me
Oh your father deserves all of you soak
the mineral government of flea market
ok well you won or you will help me you
catch that right teacher thanks a lot
shut up Parappa this game so 90s I swear
to God okay now this is where the songs
go really downhill let's do the one with
the chicken okay oh it's got a stick
it's about giving it a strap comes in
every way I ain't got no time for nobody
whoa Darla's rich dope back in with
walks will be the cake today and it
looks right Diego oh fuck fuck you egg
into the bowl that's a great bag for the
bow on the kill I explore the hole and I
hours of the ball how can you take yet
please you gotta try for you don't ask
me well what about a butters joins to go
but about the whole wonderful keep
making like a cake that you've never
seen before we make another cake that
have a beautiful heat up the oven you're
malleable on a roll you have the other
leather we use on the world
cheep cheeps the name of muscle GG
cheeks names but your soul give me other
day I pour the little tip oh but I'm a
chicken goddess you'll be just okay skin
the other for a while perfect agony over
wash me the bear
come on team Department leave it here
come on clean the pass I got a little
okay
take out the cake I'm sorry
onion okay Oh
I did
good job papa thank you can go all new
literacies now why is an onion teach me
how to rap and to cry okay I rap I need
to do a shit I ain't a rap to convince
people to use the toilet I need to go to
the Father do ya what I have good
morning I don't even want to be to you
it took a turn it's at the door okay
I'll call to the broad kick one time
but turn adjusted or co2 Oh our ball to
the floor no waiting in my garden now
stateful did you search the toilet on
the right they detected orders on the
right
did you set the toilet open did I check
the toilet all of that did you check the
toilet okay did I get the toilet on the
right
did you check the toilet open it did I
check the toilet overlap okay okay you
win oh yeah yeah move aside into a sauna
permanently Allah residuals bomb then
door is not in the floor oh my gosh well
I don't like oh shit No you've got a
funky spa but now you really got it up
the toilet over there well brings luck
forgive us another time quick okay
Endora kind of close I got the funky
cold but now I really got to call in the
rails in the snow you gotta focus with
you click now and the toilet hole over
there but windy luck will give up I got
lost time spit okay you may know is it
out how about anyway about the walk even
if you can't check out the top oh oh oh
how much you get past the kitchen okay
kidding although nothing is missing Oh
wanna kick it from the kitchen
anyways can't bottle nothing is written
watch Black Creek 60 do you know oh I
gotta go yes open up you know Oh quick
quick fix the door you know I got it go
so yes open up you know I am a chicken
from the kitchen area didn't always
nothing is written Oh what nothing you
are
anyway although nothing today
quack great succeed or you know already
got a girl yes
I cannot you know Clara fix the door you
know I gotta go so just open up you know
okay with a great to all yours
alright proper canal do a shit
legit fly yeah okay it's the level at
the end
come to the phone at the computer - the
dark the best Alain every day Oh for the
book that night and let oh oh oh good
night waking up for this name of the six
well me you you you can you
okay that was awful you guys do what oh
oh
yeah you gotta believe okay anyway guys
if you want me to play more games from
my childhood okay instant classics then
leave a like as try to make 10,000 likes
okay because I love you guys and if you
love me too
then like it I know a guy 602 watching
I'll see you in the next video - well
guys love you Baba
