hello everyone how is everyone doing is
much a selfie I did day leizerman
I have a very special video for you guys
as you guys could probably tell we're
playing some iPhone games but we are not
just playing any old game laser jammer
because I got sent a game early okay I
think the game comes out the day you
should be watching this - the games out
now we are playing gangster 5 gangster
New Orleans baby now I played this game
for a couple of hours and I could not
believe that this game is free and ok
the graphics on this game is absolutely
the same best best graphics I've seen on
a mobile game
alright mobile games they're getting
better and better all right if you're
not playing mobile games I don't know
what you're doing with your life just
download some while they do in the pool
okay that's that's what I do so I thank
you for the guys over at gangster in New
Orleans okay for sending me the game
early and sponsoring this video but
enough chitchat let's play
yeah yes oh he's on the phone just like
me oh shit who is this cutscene Oh with
a guy taking a picture of that girls
titties this is like a full-blown
goddamn game look at this shit this
klutzy isn't everything
goddamn oh shit I'm stealing from fatty
Joel oh shit what's in the safe what the
hell is that thing
a bloody voodoo shit oh he's dead walk
towards the god easy easy
oh shit like a shoe people as well I did
it what that shit
this guy bought a minigun to a gunfight
with the hell
don't mess with the clown boy oh shit
that's me
Darwin generic white guy generic Asian
guy or generic black guy
I gotta go with a generic black guy oh
shit the shit who is this guy
alien your new best friend alright so I
think it's Mardi Gras I think that's why
he's stealing a boat
wait look they gave me I get to drive
this thing this Cape so funny alright so
this is the game basically you have a
massive map okay I think this game takes
place in New Orleans duh obviously the
names called gangster New Orleans and
you could explore the map and do a bunch
of shit and I think there's a story full
of like really full blown out missions
ok this games like a proper full game
but it's free I don't get it what is
this guy doing is he drunk
I just Bobby stop this guy for no reason
hey look this guy looks exactly the same
you see my food anywhere oh I was just
not messing around I've got a mission
can I Drive cars in this oh shit I could
either drive cars this is so insane oh
shit is the Popo what happens if I crash
into the policeman will they be after me
no they don't care all right what's my
objective now walk to the crypt or I'll
go meet this woman and give this woman
my voodoo thing that I stole because
apparently she wants it got a spirit for
me Oh
how that Bridget sup Beast
whoo God God what I thought this game
was about gangsters and shit why are we
now good zombies all right forget it I'm
not complaining let's shoot the zombies
what happens if they attack me will I
die
oh oh oh my god
don't let the samba hit you I've gone
from stealing a voodoo doll as a clown
to riding a float at Mardi Gras to
shooting zombies at the graveyard I like
this game guys on me you should o matter
Bridget whoa
oh I locked a car so I think I can drive
that car now from now on all right I
think that's how this game works oh I
love woken up now I've got loads of
missions to do but I kind of want to
explore this place why do so many drug
dudes in New Orleans killed that man and
no one seems to care there's a police
officer right the happy man just carry
on buy your day okay I don't see
anything going on wrong here I just shot
the face oh okay hey please mind around
me over you shit shoot him oh hey man I
don't give a shit about your crimes just
just get out the road man I got
somewhere to go what if I hijack him
when he beat me up Oh
Oh
why is it so many drug people is that
what everyone does in New Orleans kill
him oh shit people I'm gonna go do the
missions because that's what I'm meant
to do oh the police are after me now oh
I thought I thought I could get away
with with a cry for scot-free run I need
a car need a car near the car quickly
take this motorcycle oh no I'm getting
shot I'm gonna die I'm gonna die I'm
gonna die I'm gonna die oh oh oh oh oh
shit where'd you guys keep coming from
okay oh shit what's out okay well he's
dead sorry oh shit sorry
hit him yeah oh no oh great police are
after me
listen was knocked down a couple of
people all right oh shit oh no the
police are still after me oh well this
isn't gonna end well
all right I died again I suck at this
game all right let's try it again all
right take cover die die die die oh oh
we got them all yay I still don't know
how this game is free okay it's like
it's like a full-blown story game okay
we say that guy what's my next mission I
don't go to some mansion for some reason
I don't know oh shit this games got an
ADD oh no way do you think I can drive a
plane at some point in the game but
which surprised me oh look at that
helicopter oh yeah for sure you could
definitely ride a helicopters in this
game I could do now okay I don't think
it's completely legal to just just
hijack a helicopter I'm pretty sure it's
actually terrorism but do you know what
I'm gonna give it a go anyway oh I mean
how am I not wanted by the police by
doing this well it's here oh shit can I
get in it yeah I can't
oh it's actually insane this game is
absolutely insane okay fair enough
if you had to pay some money for this
but because it's free I'm like that's
why that's what amazes me about it I
wonder what will happen if I just get
out in the middle of the air okay let's
do it oh shit no all right I died oh
shit start an awesome gang caught one
for the mission name
okay the mission is to sneak out one of
my friends we're gonna be nice and
careful
take cover just yeah right there talk
about the stealth mission is good
absolute shit bye okay oh shit okay lock
eyes that easy that's all of them
where's this guy that I got a rescue oh
oh shit but why is he down there okay we
rescued a man the chemist how lovely
all right we saved a man to start our
awesome gang reach the safe house we got
off the safe house oh shit can you stop
talkin to me dude all right and now I
know I just rescued you and you really
want to talk to me but
you know I don't okay okay we're now
going to our safe house do we have like
a cool safe house I actually haven't
gotten this buyer wait this is our safe
house what is this absolute shit all
that you're putting me in Ben the bloody
bond michiga please I did it I'm so good
at this game
all my stuff I'm getting I don't know
what any of it means but I'm getting up
to oh my so much stuff is going on
I lot new talk it's games abated okay I
think that's pretty much the tutorial
now we have like the open world where we
can do a bunch of fun stuff I went up a
look at the map actually what is there
to do a CBD I don't know what that is
looks like we got races we've got like a
contract assassination looks like it
this is a getaway okay I'm guessing you
got to escape the police so by the looks
of it there's a lot to do in this game
okay oh wait I've got a record for just
shooting civilians okay
just kidding everyone oh shit policeman
oh shit oh shit I'm gonna die I'm gonna
die I'm gonna die on this Shh I get
charged a medical bill well I didn't
know that okay guys that was pretty much
the tutorial of the game alright I'm
gonna leave it there okay because if you
guys want to play for yourself I'll let
you okay
this game has like a full-blown story
with full-blown missions okay I don't
want to spoil anything alright it's
free-to-play ios/android
actually if you guys want to see more of
this game then leave a like and let me
know in the comment section okay cuz I
wouldn't mind alright this game is
actually really funny either way guys I
want to thank you so much watching and
I'll see you in the next video mines
leather guys love you Baba
