chicken with a doubt that it will spell
I say cocktail hey guys it's michelle
fear and this is part 2 of nintendo
switch with my two sisters today we are
playing one two switch if you guys
haven't watched the first episode yet
boom go click that card it just popped
up alright go what's that part one
alright and because you what probably
won't understand what we're doing in
this video
but yeah decide to split this video into
two parts hope you guys don't mind okay
and yeah enjoy the video and I will do
research you guys are going to be you're
a hot war story Harry Potter who's gonna
be someone oh yeah I need come boys and
II could be run to this one you gotta
pretend you're a wizard okay you get
extra points if you say explain the
omelet and what god I'm never yells no
wizard how you got in here - spin your
joy Kanta charge or one charge or ones
winner
three come on two one go go go go - it
just looks like this but it's just
stupid all right all right come on your
woman's accent well what the hell are
you guys doing okay yes all right I
don't like your watch you killed up okay
well that I think was stupid as hell
okay I get that now we are moving on to
a sword fight where you two will be
entering the arena and fighting to the
death in that case go into it I think
these guys love this game of it female
voice that face
- this one's all about timing you got a
block and know when to swing get ready
oh you really decide to fight it so yeah
quick slide forward to fight on the
place fathers wrote a biography yeah you
died oh you bring another day Oh daddy
you killed Oh got it wake up
you killed old sister how'd you feel
great oh I for the next one it's boxing
okay we're gonna box each other out okay
I just know it's going to be stupid guys
you can swing you're on go here we go oh
well I don't let me tell you on the
plate
no you're gonna listen to what I have to
say with the supertaster did you stop
 up with me right now if I can
tuck shop what are you guys doing oh you
know you're acting gay fine I are you
guys weren't listening when I did I
again I don't want to do again no
because you'll make us listen to what
kind of punches you're meant to do not
just like swing around you want the ice
cream I remember you guys are useless
remember the next one this one's called
a spin what you guys are going to
pretend to be clown and imaginary play
group you got a plate in your hand and
got a spin it and you also got a push
each other's place off the hands late
spin spin be mindful of your
surroundings in your place
moles are trying to destroy mean that's
like oh oh body up in foul play by paddy
it's all about dancing okay everybody
over know how to calculator are the next
one is runway
all right where you've got to strut your
stuff and be the stylist chick go okay
nice we got these two girls and strut
your stuff on the runway really does
okay this is pretty thick they are
purple then you got make one more final
pose okay okay you guys are gonna live
your childhood dreams of being a model
okay because I was never gonna happen
anyway are you ready with your one
constant and then oh oh oh what a bowl
oh my god turn around
I'll be your mr. cute go you missed it
you're ruining myself break the cloud
final Jojo
either one second for groceries go back
again okay you both did terrible I
wouldn't know how does that mean you're
going all over the place Frankie I'm on
i won i I'm the next one
Oh candy walnuts okay now we're doing
Danza way actually you guys didn't okay
yeah okay you guys go to the cricket now
I'm going to do the gorilla I have no
idea what this game is
I guess you you beat your chest and be a
gorilla okay look you're both on screen
right now
Oh No Harambee who would it be a in
rhythm with a monkey
the God move to the rhythm a big attack
feel the beat and then you go go crazy
at the end again good happy my Parilla
arena little green lane the world we all
go to africa where that where girls come
here we are going to die uncle Frankie
and Canada we are going to beat that yet
to the beach through the arms in the air
like around with your arms in a leather
gorilla try making some gorilla noises
stick with it take another field the
level of done okay well let's go dumb
stupid this game this game is stupid
we monkeys the better monkey I got a
better ribbon okay this one is milking
imaginary te who's good at milk in that
if you boys go to a farm and you got a
squeeze other and pull it down it's the
family friendly show girls or just
remember that okay no but she's so happy
yeah milking Disney's alright challenge
number one
all right there just to milk this key
note that these Oh laundry that is back
we are milking these teeth yes sir we
milk away damn kids
mr. crown makes me proud people on the
girls no collisions are you opening up
nanny amenities then gonna let them
titties out dishes
pretty bad fun way oh that's like that's
like what Frankie looks like what this
minigame look like
who was it maybe anyone she can milk
pities better well that was great hockey
games actually okay guys I'm going
to end the video abruptly there sorry
about the lack of outro I kind of just
whacked it on on the first video okay if
you guys haven't watched that already
but be sure to leave a like let's try
and hit like 10,000 likes I really want
to like get my sister's more involved in
the YouTube channel and I think you guys
want to see more of my sister's too
alright and if you do then be sure to
leave a like ok 10,000 likes will show
me that ok but yeah anyway guys thank
you so much for watching I'll see you in
the next video man love you guys
what pcs
