hello everyone how is everyone doing is
mess out there today we are playing with
the goddamn little switch baby okay
just bought this today cannot wait to
play this the game we are playing is
called the 1 2 switch it's not many
games out on this stupid thing
so this games are multiplayer game so I
bought my two sisters alone at least
look like you want to have fun today I
get before we start apparently the game
cartridges taste really bad so I want
one of you guys come on it's funny right
was it taste like nothing
I'll lick it we're cannon didn't okay so
this game girls is basically just many
games all right so we're gonna give you
a bunch of many games to do and you're
gonna do them so the thing with the
switch is that they come with two
controllers attached to the thing and
you couldn't use them as a controller
each so both of you take one all right
so what mini games you wanna do first
telephone ball count then treasure chest
milk you want to milk the DP boy first
I'm gonna do is quick draw where the
first person to be a cowboy and blow
their weapon get shot
I mean kills that man yeah looks your
paw is ass okay you're gonna shoot them
in a favor at least look at them in the
face we're gonna shoot them in the face
you're an animal you're crazy up ready
get up now you die for real come on now
alright so this game is shave alright
for this one
basically both of you have got beans and
now I know you're both used to that now
what you got to do is you've got to
shave your imaginary beads well if I cut
myself shaving yourself come on now I'm
gonna be very go on go okay Frankie mr.
hair oh wait no that's not the actual
place you're not meant to look at you
might to imagine it you can feel the
vibrations if your controllers vibrating
it means it's working
I don't get it where can I see one dude
you have to imagine it feel the
vibrations in your hands go you guys are
terrible shaven beard what are you women
why am i filming you guys just sick in
your hands he's good at saving a beard
no surprise there Lecter whispers oh she
lost because if he was shaving for real
we would cut yourself by doing that all
right this one is Table Tennis but
without the bats and balls how fun
start left flare serve okay left player
sir who's that yeah you all right sir Oh
Frank your banner who's serving Oh Oh
to see ah it's just so weird why exactly
table tennis
all 700 Oh Duchess batter your things at
least wait for it
this game is rigged just imagine ball Oh
what do so so look at the screen there's
nothing on there Oh
bitch
Oh net oh nice boy
the next one we're gonna do a candy you
hold the baby first baby shut up
be honest we are the three dog rocky
garden do something else shake the baby
chicken shake the baby get the baby to
shut up okay I did what anyone off the
shell of a baby Frankie baby quick get
this baby to shut up so k baby okay
aren't you Frankie's got to be now come
on baby
oh it's quite now put it down put down
quickly put down easy easy easy
apparently we got a super gentleness
even though we were shaking the babies
did whispers times I think you guys
would be good Mother's kind of besides
such good mother sister subjective
selfies and to worry about the baby
okay this next one is eating contest
where you got to pretend to eat a
sandwich okay so who is the biggest
faculty out of you to help me eat no no
okay this is the tutorial it's not you
telling it like this guy look at this
face that's how you go that's why you
guys gonna eat you just gotta open your
mouth and close your mouth basically a
bunch of times okay
oh the same hungry
okay can you could definitely be back
come on no time not hungry three two one
go yes handy salad
she loves subways whatever that is my
truth Oh color bomb go dude each flag Oh
cowabunga okay for this one you're gonna
keep running for the beach flag and then
lift it you've got a run on the spot
okay like I keep doing oh my god this
Susie for the vibration you need to lift
your hand and pull the flag out more
like you simple you say thank you
you did five seconds making 90 okay guys
that was me and my sisters playing
Nintendo switch if you guys want to see
more videos with my sister's let's try
and hit twenty thousand likes and when
we do I'll make another video of them
okay guys watching I'll see you next
video man so there you guys
and
