hello everyone how is everyone doing is
mr. selfie today we are on Steam okay
not just any old Steve okay or does
anyone speak we are checking out some of
the worst shittiest of the pickiest
games on Steam steams full of good games
steams full of shitty games okay
I found a few that are shitty let us
play them till we are but it is okay
first game we're playing is wild animal
racing sounds hilarious yes just look at
the god damn main menu so beautiful
alright so as you can probably tell it's
a it's a racing game with wild animals
okay single player do that hippo just
move okay that's pretty accurate did
that zebra just just name
scariest-looking stepper I've ever seen
in my entire life what the hell okay
I'll be the zebra because just look at
that face roads wall tall magical or
rally why is the zebra walking on two
legs just just circling me okay let's
play roads Oh coastal road alright how
do I use patrol and now I'm first
question bog oh shit I missed it oh shit
now I'm stuck Oh guys Oh got a bubble
that helps me in this situation
they're all so far away I'm leaving sure
I could catch up to them by now Oh song
just ends I got a rocket how do I use it
oh no no okay I don't know it's use it
he's catching the goddamn giraffe come
on yes right now piss off
right
all right I want to do is just not get
like dead I died hey stop lying you
start out like I had right no one just
bump into me
it's over like no your corner gonna be
elephant and rhino they're bloody
working together you ran me into a wall
right now all right now I'm fit let's
just can just a rollercoaster of
emotions all right come on it's the
final lap ah no come on but seriously
this guy must have spent like 10 minutes
making this game I'm not even joking the
fact that you can buy this game on Steam
is pretty even remarkable all right that
was wild animal racing definitely the
best game I'm probably gonna play today
let's move on to the next one all right
so this next game is called the
graveyard okay I haven't put any
research into this but it seems to a
plan as an old woman tale of tales
presents the grave oh yeah fresh escape
for credits and instructions
instructions okay that's actually quite
helpful
you can walk hard to the bench in front
of the chapel Oh short term at this
whole game is just walking a woman in a
graveyard when you are done you can walk
with her back to the gate and you will
both leave the graveyard and quit the
game all right moving this granny is it
as a trouble oh my God look at this shit
up this is the whole game just the
granny in the graveyard all right I'm
gonna slowly make my way towards that
bench I wish this was way more epic but
it's not
alright 10 minutes later we're still
walking I'm just imagining some guy
coming out of nowhere and just kicking
the shit outta don't you fucking bitch
you turn her around and let her sit down
she looks backwards to the bench when
she's ready to sit alright send me get
this straight this game is where you
play as an old woman you walk to a bench
and leather die let's move on to the
next game and it's not funny now my
keyboard where's this come from or the
next game we're playing is secret of the
magic crystals a game about the pony a
meteor I hit the atmosphere a long time
ago the meteor fell into pieces and it's
crystals were lost grandfather found two
crystals and discovered that they had
special effect on horses the crystal
scape special ability to horses he said
but no one believed him so what'd you
talk about man
there's no such thing as that stupid he
then gave us the two crystals hoping we
would be able to realize his dreams tell
a 10 story alright so this is the game
where we take care of a horse Eve oh no
it's raining maja was he going to be wet
and to thought staple Nate my horse I
will name him halt see alright this game
doesn't look bad at all
it's me taken care for see look there's
two magic crystal up there you need to
collect five Mirai crystals no keys a
bunny is that just a regular horsey he's
a unicorn this game is sick as hell man
why would anybody write this game we're
looking at
brenigan discovery you Peter sheet I can
put stuff on his head like a feather or
if that doesn't tickle your fancy you
can give him sunglasses all right my
horsey looks pretty cool now what what's
this
the barn oho see you at the barn okay I
don't know why I'm doing it this game
isn't funny bad this game is just like
what the shit am i doing with my life
bad alright where's the blacksmith now
are you gonna follow me everywhere I'm
trying to do my daily chores here whoa
gameplay dude is a good game somewhere
here but I just don't know where it is
what's the course this forest course
okay um it's quick tournaments okay I
mean I suppose if you love horse easy
you would love this game
Oh happens if I fail the QuickTime
events as eager just gonna trip over and
die God your brother nothing happened
what why is it now winter how long were
you jumping around for that's raining
what is all the snow god oh it's a
cutscene leave the farm embracing it
other players around the world in the
multiplayer expansion is it multiplayer
game magic crystals the race whoa whoa
whoa whoa why am I not playing this game
I'm trapped in here forever if I don't
buy the game okay I'll buy the game what
I don't want no Ellery horse go oh it's
a racecourse oh that's fun I might fight
against the pen authors of the pocket
look the shit is going on
alright I'm racing against some
weird-looking horses on the wrong line
and these all horses made by other
people who have played this game will
see so fast I got frozen wait I've got
powerup how do I use it
clover what was that dude come on
oh go go go go that was the last laugh
sorry I come first this game um I'm
destroying this shit so hard
come on come on chubby okay that was a
secret of the magic crystals yeah that's
what was a nice game
all right then it's game we're playing a
skyscraper simulator how far I really
want to play this game seriously I'll
buy this property okay oh this I'm I'm
constructing it I can use a crane what
the shit is this game that's all miss
ugly as shit
okay secondly I don't know what that
shit is going on skyscraper simulator
alright the last game we are playing is
Gary's day one incident now this game
you may have heard of before it came out
on day one at 40 pounds and then after
like four days and then got caught - two
pounds daddy
wife bitchy leave me daddy oh it's me
the game doesn't look awful okay bye
dad's all for alright and now I'm flying
the plane Gary's fine a plane
oh no what's gonna happen I hope he
doesn't have an incident on his day one
oh no oh no is erupting
just as I'm flying over it why we
looking at the crates why is what what
the shit
kshitij always alive and he's been
carried by some very nice food oh man
I'm being sacrificed by some Buddha man
come on Gary quickly press the quick
time event get away from me
what the shit
you son of a-- you shine about breakout
free yeah that's gonna get me Wow got
him I'm heart of it guys
yeah that's what you would say I'm gonna
fight this guy oh no no mission get out
of the temple thank you game
I'll save you woman OH I said you can go
now go oh shit
well I killed her oh look a banana you
ever tamed a bun Delano and a mango what
oh look press control to walk silently
in crowds when you are behind it I did
it
whoa takedown with a certain ego wait
what the shit
well bodies keep disappearing to sleep
if you're having a main protagonist in
your video game you call him god damn
Gary so you'll know it's gonna be a shit
game what is this what this now we're
talking
what do you think Gary I do not have any
other questions except yeah now we're
talking
oh look oh there's the guy that I killed
but he's alive Nash's oh no the whole
place is collapsing
oh no it's so intense and scary my
weapon it killed me what's going on guys
wait I can't play the game alright I
made it out the temple yay okay I've
already had enough of this shitty game
oh so that's what you want what is it
with you guys what get my floss back
mmm stealing my flask yeah they just
tried to kill me in the enum and I'm
like is there a story here because I
have no idea what's going on oh you
can't catch me daddy your piece of shit
this is Zulu man just give him aa flask
I don't want to play this game anymore
Mike Eames can find animal me so she
won't give him my flask unless I give
her me well if I just shoot her in the
face okay that works
oh they don't like me because I probably
killed their friend you guys not I died
oh shit a Jaguar take that that was the
worst thing I've ever seen in my entire
life it was no farcry but at least they
tried nice kill everyone
oh shit investigate the pyramid I wanna
do that oh my god monkey shit why this
jungle got killer monkeys fall oh it's a
puzzle oh okay I did it I opened the
pyramid and I got
an artifact all right this is Gary's day
one incident all right I don't want to
play this shit okay it's just so bad
last shitty game I know on the title I
said five games but were playing another
one all right so the next game we're
playing is bad rats a notorious bad game
probably the worst game on Steam I
believe it's about a game of very bad
naughty rats for trying to kill cats for
some reason all right what we do is we
put obstacles okay and we try and kill
this cat why is there a cat chained up
and why are we killing it you you dumb
so just put the rat hurt all right go
rat goal he didn't hit it come on I did
it oh my god great Oh
I'm not playing this shit okay I've just
had enough of this shit
okay guys I'm n in the video here this
was seems very bad games and you know
what if you want to unsubscribe just go
ahead
alright after watching this shit I
wouldn't blame you all right justjust
forget this video never happened okay
anyway guys thinks I was watching and
I'll see you in the next video man so
they're the gasps I Love You Man
