Boop hello everyone how is everyone
doing it is mess yourself here baby
today we are playing yet again pop G
mobile baby now I have made a video on
pub G mobile before and you guys
absolutely loved it ok so 10 cent games
came up to me yet again and asked me can
we sponsor another video alright and you
know what I love pub G okay so of course
I'm gonna say yes alright so big thank
you to 10 cent games for sponsoring this
video first thing that I want to point
out though is that I am now level 16 my
user name is ninny ninny okay if you
guys want to add me I cleared out my
friends list so if you do want to add me
and play with me okay I suggest you put
your like username and your gamertag in
the description in the comments okay
because then I can ease add you guys
much easier so what I didn't actually
know is that they added new maps into
the game okay they have this map called
mirror armor okay I'm gonna go download
mirror armor okay but that isn't the
newest map map the newest map is called
San Hawk so in the last video we got our
bloody chicken dinner on the map a
rangel okay so now we must get a chicken
dinner on both of these maps let's first
start off with the newest map san Hawk
this map is great for group operations
and intense firefights oh my goodness
okay that sounds amazing let's do it boy
oh is this a new sport area what the
hell's going on apparently I can now
throw apples stupid got stupid shit oh
my gosh H okay I miss yourself okay they
drop for me a camo cap thanks I'm now
wearing a hat okay damn it look how good
I look at my new oh my goodness we're in
the bloody that bloody plane oh my
goodness I'm so scared everyone's
jumping out let's time jump out
let's go baby and kill everyone oh yeah
oh my goodness look at him go look at my
god damn person go he's upside down look
how cool he looks wait did I land in the
same area that you know I was in the
lobby in I think I think I did oh okay
well this is probably isn't good okay so
I don't think anyone's around me
actually I just saw someone in the air
go over there okay there's a guy over
there but other than that you know I
think I'm pretty much alone
I need a gun need a gun need a gurney to
find a gun otherwise people will kill me
or I finally use the or is going well
it's going well
what's this a UMP okay cool where is he
where is he where is he always got in
this house probably oh my goodness guys
he's in one of these houses what do i do
what do i do oh is that a guy all right
sorry I had to concentrate or I didn't
talk for a bit okay I got a guy all
right I'm pretty sure that wasn't the
guy that I was trying to kill he's
probably still here somewhere but it
doesn't matter okay
some guy shooting okay over there oh
where is he where is he where is he damn
it
got him got him that's what I'm talking
about baby three kills like I was trying
to kill me well I was trying to kill
that guy but that's why I killed him
okay okay that guy saw that guy and then
I ended up killing him oh my goodness
guys okay we're making good progress
okay okay cookie loot loot new me to
loot this bloody shitty body I didn't
have anything okay I wish I didn't kill
him now oh my goodness guys he had so
much stuff he did so much looting and I
just killed him oh I feel sorry for him
Jesus I heard some guy and then I saw
him oh my word I got lucky okay I got
another guy guys oh my goodness you see
me concentrating like that guys oh my
goodness
seven kills can someone explain to me
what's going on in this game is everyone
to surround me or something or is this
everyone really bad because I'm killing
everyone and I don't even understand why
got one got one Oh No
okay I'm killing a lot of people guys
which is good in a way but you know what
like people are going to try and try and
kill me now okay sorry I'm too busy
concentrating on the game to explain
basically this game if you guys don't
know what this game is alright it is
basically a battle royale alright where
I have to be the last person and if I'm
the last person I win the game oh okay
guys I already got a minute
and we have to get all the way over
there
okay this is where we are now and we
need to go all the way into this mint
mint to the circle okay I've already got
a minute to do this so I don't think I
can do on foot okay there's a guy
running over there can you guys see him
okay okay I'm gonna go over there I'm
not sure if it's the same guy but I'm
gonna just go for it oh god okay alright
I just saw him die okay I'm gonna try
and kill the guy that caught him I think
it was up here but I'm pretty sure
there's me dead oh wait no oh God
okay that was the guy that killed him
okay guys I need to run it too runny to
run run run run run run run
oh I got it I got it oh noes okay that
guy alive still okay all right whatever
guys I died okay I'm pretty sure that
person is gonna die too
who killed me got one okay guys I got
rank 26 I didn't do too bad I killed 12
people there's another buzz in there how
are they still alive now I don't do too
bad okay all right but yeah I do think I
can win on this new map all right I'm
gonna give it another go okay guys all
right guys we have started on new game
all right and I promise you just like
the last video I will get a bloody
chicken bin on this new map I love how
far back they go when you punch him the
plane has taken off guys all right guys
this is it I'm feeling I'm feeling it
this is feels like a bloody chicken
dinner yeah we
all right so for what I like from the
last game you know don't take advantage
of the electrical barrier that's gonna
cut that's gonna come out all right
because it's gonna catch up to you if
you if you're not too careful okay I'm
coming down oh no there's a lot of
people always that lesson right next to
me
mmm guys I think there's a guy that
spawned right next to me oh there they
are there they are there they are
okay I'm gonna keep an eye on them oh
god there's another person right there
oh no no no no he's not getting my gun
is not getting my gun he's not getting
my gun Oh God
there's nothing that can shoot oh my god
Oh God a gun Jesus okay I got him guys
don't worry I got him I got him okay
that guy I had him all right a new is
near me but I didn't know where so I hid
in the corner I'm sorry guys okay but
don't blame me all right oh god guys I
can hear someone I can hear someone oh
god do I go outside uh where are they
whoops okay well if someone didn't know
I was here then now they do oh my god oh
my god like we just killed to it both of
them Oh am i surviving this guys okay I
picked up some new glasses look at the
shit okay I got a new new coat and
everything okay oh my goodness there's
so much loot okay they had so much loot
okay yeah okay guys all right all right
all right all right oh my goodness okay
we're pretty pret we're pretty prepped
oh my god okay me just camping here and
let me getting two more kills okay I'm
sorry but I had to do that okay because
I saw a guy and I'm pretty sure he saw
me cuz I thought I was afk but yeah this
guy okay I don't know what happened but
I just killed two people okay honestly I
can't keep camping like this okay so I
think I'm gonna take this guy's car
since you conveniently placed it alright
let's go to loot this guy's body alright
pick up med kit pick up energy drinks
pick up everything we can okay we're
gonna just drive in this car alright and
we're gonna just drive around okay I
think oh oh oh is it got no gas in it
okay well that's just great it's got no
gas in it okay well I'm kind of screwed
now what's going on
oh my god what is happening with this
game okay guys all right so I've killed
10 people 11 people are alive oh I don't
know what's going on people just keep
coming near me and then dying in front
of me okay but yeah I'm gonna stop
asking questions I think this could be
the one though but I'm scared to go
outside okay in case I get shot oh god
people are shooting over there but I
don't know if I should go over there or
should I wait for them to kill each
other
Oh No okay guys there's only ten people
left oh god guys I'm so scared so so I
will just die like that oh it's another
guy there but there's a guy right next
to you dude
okay well I got number seven okay well
that's that's just funny I thought I was
gonna win but I probably shouldn't have
been in the camera okay you know what I
couldn't get a goddamn chicken dinner
okay but it's okay alright maybe if you
guys you know at me you know and we can
play like groups all right because you
don't have to play this game by yourself
you can play it with friends as well so
maybe if you guys at me you know I'll
actually get better and actually get a
chicken dinner hope you guys enjoyed the
video thank you ten cent gain for like
sponsoring the video yet again like I
said in the beginning the video click
the link down the description download
pub gee it's an amazing fun mobile game
which I really recommend you guys try
out because it is free if you guys
didn't own your iOS and Android
and I think pub G really is like the
pinnacle of mobile gaming okay
the fact that you could play a game like
pop G you know on the marble and it
actually works and the controls are like
really customizable and it's really fun
you know I think it's definitely great
you know and definitely check out in the
way though you guys so much for watching
and I'll see you in the next video man
so later guys but bye
