hello everyone how is everyone doing is
messy selfie today we are doing
something a little bit different we are
going to be going on Fiverr they're
probably wondering what the shit is by
the brand and five is a website where
you can get random people internet to do
random shit for you for five pounds you
can get a logo for five pounds oh look
at her oh look our logos all this so
pretty oh yeah you can get a funky
t-shirt oh look at these t-shirts yeah
I'll buy them and they are probably
wondering why the shit are we on this
shit website well some youtubers have
been making videos on this but if you go
on fun and lifestyle you can get some
random people on the Internet - just say
funny things for you for five bucks for
example we can go on celebrity
impressions of a black guy and if we
wanted to we could get Jesus to send a
message hello it's me Jesus okay Jesus
another time so I went this website the
other day and I found some pretty funny
ones I'll show you this right now I will
be your Indian breaking news anchor
hello and welcome to the world's news we
have a breaking news story just in for
the first time exclusively on fiber you
can get an Indian news reader speed your
message in just five dollars just get a
random Indian guy to stand in front of a
green screen okay and get him to wear a
suit and boom you've got an easy income
I will paint your message on my body
with dance in the jungle
motoki I'll marry you
okay I will chew ition will read and
write your message what what it's just
for Indian kids why does that go away
for me
I forgot his book that's up what was
what what's going on it's for random
Indian kids star sitting in red chairs
what's with the amount of Indians on
this stupid website you know these guys
is the family and everyone's like I will
say whatever you want with a vegetable
man costume hello everyone I'm the
vegetable man and for five dollars I can
say whatever you want in English accent
for 30 seconds I can sing a song give a
birthday wish or a testimony for more
info check out the listing below I don't
get it why is he dressed up like a
vegetable man I will make twins say
whatever you want
hello what are you doing a vegetable man
okay I don't believe this shit you do
not have a twin brother don't lie all
right all he's doing is he's filming two
videos okay one where he's standing over
here and then all of a sudden some other
guy comes over for the right okay and he
just crops him in okay it's not that
hard to do for a video okay I will eat a
banana with your message on it I'm
paying this girl 4 pounds to eat a
banana
I can't believe it I can't believe this
the Internet is a weird place right Oh
censored would you make side so don't
baby pay full price for you to eat that
banana you win moosie bitch okay well
this angry pissed-off biker sure knows
how to use Windows Movie Maker I will
catch the floating bottle and read your
message in bottle what they say oh my
gosh this bottle is coming up oh this
my god I need your Jack this ah I'm sure
chase wants to Indian guys saying that
they love them I will do happy birthday
with my banana it's only a dream car oh
my god it's an old man talking to a
banana an old man talking to up I will
say anything you want as a sexy
shirtless pirate yeah okay he didn't
have any pirate footage so he so we just
put some Assassin's Creed Black Flag
footage in the background I will do a
product endorsement as a doctor hello
and welcome okay they put the goddamn
news I'm going the bloody doctors outfit
and now he's a good doctor put this shit
you know this is actually pretty smart
okay say if you get a girl pregnant okay
you can skip this guy as a doctor to
just say oh sorry Brandon is not the
father okay I am a trustee doctor okay
really believe me I'm even Indian so
you'll know you can believe I'm a doctor
again I was a couple of funny ones that
I found now what I'm gonna do now is I'm
gonna message a bunch of people okay
telling them to do funny stuff and we'll
check back next week to see what I
wanted them to say okay you in a week so
it's been about a week since I ordered a
bunch of shit or fiber okay I literally
can't remember what I told a bunch of
random Indian people they're mostly
Indian okay I can't them what I told him
but let's start watching this is your
dad I'm making this video to tell you
how much of a disappointment you have
become what are you doing with your life
you couldn't have been a doctor you made
your dad sad friend and shame on you my
best okay I know I could have been
doctor but please dad hello Brandon this
is your doctor dr. chapathi I have some
very sad news oh no dr. J are
Melanie oh you are very smelly sadly
there is no cure for it so he'll be
smelly for the rest of your life bye bye
Brandon all right thanks dr. chapati
what is up mess yosef nation I'm your
host the brown team stop let's get right
into the news okay our first story is
Brandon likes to tease right you heard
it here first folks
Brandon T's specialist of nation now
over 2.4 million subscribers Wow
even is this exact same song as keemstar
Wow what's with this guy's like British
accent titties Brandon likes today's
alright now we got an Indian man it's
very it's very sick at the shot man it's
amazing huh what's that a common white
all this guide to to read our ball all
right come on read your message what's
these people what's this paper okay take
your time we got all the time in the
world man
haha they see your sale of flax seed is
mush your self loves teas
okay thanks but thanks for doing that
for me man you've gone right now oh you
are doing India proud that was a good
time amazing I don't know why just but
busted into dancing but he was really
happier that I love teas wasn't he all
right a man digging up stuff oh it's not
here nothing's here bloody oh he found
it
PTAs let's like say PA all right PPA
okay so get closer is it so hard Indian
people to just know how to pronounce
hallo what is up my peace I give me the
Sun daddy
haha only joking Brandon I do not want
the Sun but I do like it is bye bye okay
bye
brother have you seen my vegetables I
think you left it in Brandon's house
I hate Brandon he's a bloody gay he is
the biggest bloody gear I've ever seen
Brandon you are a bloody gay you know
what don't even regret paying money for
this shit whoa where am I what what's
going on who are you Who am I
Brandon yeah is that you yeah help me
Brandon yeah Brandon get me out of here
Brandon I understand now okay see the
banana this is my brother hey bro
why so yellow okay well it's funny I'm a
pirate I'm a pirate I'm a pirate I'm a
pirate I'm a pirate I'm a pirate I'm a
pirate okay well that was my father
videos I spent about a hundred pounds
for all these guys but you know what
totally worth it I don't know what this
video was it was stupid I don't even
know why I did it but I did
