ah what do you want
quick quick quickly and something to
show you forget what I just got okay
have you ever heard of a Furby well
little kid no no no no I'm not having
one of those in this house
what were you talking about look at it
is no no I've heard bad things about
those what you can talk to you about
what do you think I'm talking about if
not it's frightening now what what the
shit
max wise the scanners cute little thing
what they're scary about this cute
little flerbie okay let's put on the
battery this thing has to be the cutest
thing ever
I absolutely love it wake up wake up
wake up hello hello
who said that what time is it 3:00
o'clock hello is anyone there
hang on hello anyone there Furby Furby
what a shit could have swore miss thing
said something but I buy a broken
version of this thing what oh my god
what Bobby huh what what's going on
Furby why oh my god
Bobby Bob what are you talking about
hello there oh no oh shit oh my god oh
my god hey Robbie what what what am I
doing here what the shit oh my god oh
hello Oh
oh my god CJ rookie have you seen
anything hey rookie no oh shit I thought
was just total gibberish and just some
shit but just randomly saying saying
stuff in the middle of the night was was
it even was even talking about scheana
you
pull hello everyone how is it what doing
as much as Elvis today we are playing a
horror game who keeps looking for people
because I don't buy the horror game in a
long time and this game look pretty cool
so we are playing it the game is about a
cute little fluffy Oh cute Adobe how can
it be scary
well how it's going to be scary because
apparently the furbies mother he's gonna
come to my house is gonna kill me anyway
with that being said Lestat December
20th 1998
said it was a long time ago Lacoste open
your Christmas present early
I'm a naughty boy I should not be doing
that okay so I play as a little kid and
it's nearly Christmas time and
apparently mommy got me a Furby because
the job allied where you to get allowed
by man she's gonna go down what we're
talking about us decision to be now
ready to go right now the lion you put
the death okay
this sublet nice poster saying deal with
it to cry need to get that out of it so
I'll post I watch every big Tojo get to
get out of this I'll look is a picture
of me and my sister right need to get
out of a mattress go away okay alright
so where's my Christmas present is my
present under the tree no oh I'm scared
a shitty game oh it's a god damn flabby
they're so cute in our door but how
could you find it scarier hold shift to
run careful it makes noise why would I
need to run aah
oh no wrote me no - well knock on
mommy's door mommy mommy right I need to
get that out of it uh-uh
leave mom alone um so I met you guys I
hate scary games okay do not like them
most youtubers they play the shit down a
scary game so they're used to it okay
but I have it okay so I still get scared
all right so me oh shit
it's down the cellar isn't it okay
nobody scare me watch the yellow
I couldn't have top right to see when
you're making a noise look it you're
gonna help me Brian I need to get dad
out of it old microwave this microwave
looks probably fine why are we trying to
shit out this goddamn grand more in the
zone and enemy shut up oh honey you're
dead okay you've got nothing to worry
about
Oh oh boy oh boy oh boy sweaters weather
places I wonder what I got
ladies I love you oh how cute and kind
of creepy he really eats grab some food
from the upstairs fridge okay hey can
you shut up Sandra tell your Mexican
Laura noise okay you're scaring me what
a p2p debate a bit a bit of it's gonna
scream I use a box in the living room to
clean him gotta clean this little shit
well okay I gotta wrap it back up
is it scary he's just a cute little toy
okay
ah shut the hell up you should buy
gospel day Oh Bobby
okay shut up and go I don't know please
nothing scary happened nothing be up
there oh don't go to the fall but it
could be someone funny
hello think you got the wrong number
tell me you want me to go outside hello
again what the shit Rufus are you a
message okay Rufus your hater protect me
why do you think we got a Scott damn dog
Brian need to get the hell out of it
okay we'll put the sleeping okay I'm
gonna help me with the shit basement
door I got a better place right all
right let's just go to bed
oh I forget this ever happened
oh it's definitely but four days before
Christmas I hope nothing kills me on
Christmas investigate the clunking noise
clunk
mommy is a clunky coming from your role
play I need to get up okay mom still
busy a panic is it downstairs happy I
could see the clunky it's getting louder
is it you the pressure scored oh it's
the washing machine what you're doing in
it if you are a guy a little bug on
Daisy
look what you guys are big in the
drop-down dishwasher because working
with you all right now I got a charger
shut up shut up shut up shut up
find a vault is a base would you play
with granny cool someone moved granny
shut up granny you old bag Oh dad I'm
dead the dark is all oh no it is hell
hell hell no okay gosh I shut up shut up
about some creatures make your
flashlights go out my mom√≠s all I want
is a bloody Nintendo switch and I my mum
got that shit don't know what that shit
was but the most important thing is
about an egg mommy for me okay that time
but I wanna do it what's gonna happen oh
Christmas okay I'm dead that's the case
of grinding noise oh no is the grinding
coming from your room would be nothing
wrong okay there is I'm crying going in
my mom's room what I don't think it's
the one we want to find out hello Walter
shared Cosette
the children thought that mama would
never find them as long as she couldn't
see them well the pitter-patter of their
little feet led mama right to them ah I
don't house upstairs
what's he doing obsessed for shitting
your go ahead god I want this your what
you having a party of it
get the hell back in the box model
timeline Hey Oh bring petal tales back
to his mommy to forgive pedals hair back
to the mum it should be all good
nothing to be scary about mommy I've got
blood puddle where's mama
okay the back of the box I can deal with
it just like a backup cleanup cow house
mess
oh hell so why don't this little shit do
it okay who would have thought having
this little flourish Italy in my house
with so much goddamn trouble okay yeah
God amen oh no I'm just a dead what the
ship with the ship with the ship it
mixed up my way so we should say bikes
let me mix up my ways I wish you'd sleep
by him I'm not only attacked when you
make noise she's going for a better mom
is coming oh no it's never good a mom
comes 7:27 very sad
no two days before Christmas but it's a
cat earring coming from outside out my
back door is bloody open it was a great
idea squeaking outside Barry yeah I know
man okay but this man is coming well
well well well what we've got here as
well if I sneaking out of the house why
is there now two of them hide-and-seek
push the friend to start I want to touch
this guy
no peeking so 5 for 30 seconds while
Khalid has bright eyes would you mean
survive
I got survived to tell you but let me
leave oh no I was hiding upset ok I'm
sick you want that really long shit oh
no yes play hide and seek again okay
let's play again
oh okay mum but is me and my mom s but
it does mummy
Oh No carry on Joseph oh I've now that
they so stressed
all right okay okay found you know how
long no oh no I didn't lose you all over
the world good or walk then mommy only
got me one bloody father look buddy
don't lobby okay can you tell your mom
to chill okay because I don't appreciate
us basically down to my old home all
right here we go
I did grab the VHS what's this don't
make me wash it bring it to your bedroom
TV don't make me watch something scary
okay let's play the VHS huh huh change
camera using can buzz would you means a
VHS how could i how can i interact with
a VHS okay well I don't get this
what's the point play
I'm coming home
no no what's up who's that who's that
Christmas Eve
Oh wake up wake up wake up with this
shit down there babe wake up wake up
wake up yeah I'm up I'm up what's up
yeah we're having a fire and Mama come
back I don't want to party with your
goddamn mother she's a bitch what up
guys it is waking me up in the middle of
the night cause RSVP the friend invites
from the Christmas tree Hotel when you
think of bodies you think of myself
fucker that's how much I've got damn lot
body hello
it's a box what oh yeah recipient ready
to your mind
all they start the day again I was
actually about to say oh it would have
been really nice if I just continued
because I got you a cheque boy bring a
friend in the garage okay okay okay I'll
go go go quick quick quick quick quick
quick
I'm not I'm not meant to write and all
my boys would speed up just put it
stupid about the daspry know what pick
up the tattletale what
don't make me do that again don't make
me start again
Oh cupcakes up this tomorrow
Oh No okay okay okay cupcakes place the
cupcakes their food okay find some
festive life can I not find some festive
life where the shit emulsified tasted
like do I take the light from the
Christmas tree is that it that's what I
do
what the shit my doing some goddamn
banner god calm when the candles in the
kitchen counter ever good answer
Oh Lord God came in love okay I've got
the candles everything seems to be okay
please for the love of god oh my god
what the sugar taste I in a great
direction that's all you got that ritual
Oh No let's hotel join this just put him
down light the candle what the fuck is
going on okay
making a cute little gay what the hell's
going on ey rewind the tape
oh god no more supplies delivered okay
okay so Diane I've almost all the
candles why just look mother listen they
don't watch you ha dance it's all right
okay I've got to keep looking in the
Bott the vases shit this one I'm going
to tell my back there's a card
I want you to make the Bobby's made up
made I want to but I was just call me
little surrogate don't kill me I spent
ages doing this my heart okay
observe the ceremony what the shit Oh
mom but destroy the tape okay oh I just
did that price is now what the shit you
trying to tell me that doesn't actually
happen because I started with my own
board a life I'm going to bed quickly
and cancelled and I've decided all right
I've had enough good dump these coming
into my house thinking they can
terrorize me oh no I forgot that was
Christmas Eve wasn't it here we go baby
oh it's all lit okay yeah of course
mommy won't stay in a room today but
widows Christmas mommy is Christmas open
up is Chris oh no siree mommy open up
it's Christmas it's Christmas bro I need
to get out of it when I get on with my
presents on Christmas morning yay
I'm kissing what I going for like a boy
like that
hello what what the shitty shitty okay
guys I'm going to end the video here if
you want more horror game leave a like
if we reach 1000 music stops that was a
cute little horror game if you guys want
to do more than leave a like let's try
hit 10,000 if we do I will do some more
horror games suggest we've sambuca okay
because this one was a really good one
anyway guys thank you so much for
spending this time with me this was
really exciting and exhilarating for me
and I hope it was for you too and I'll
see you in the next video man so the
guys love you bow back
