dum-dum-dum dum-dum-dum
I don't have a girlfriend for
Valentine's Day hey I'm so goddamn
lonely I'm so lonely please love me
microphone everyone everyone how is
everyone doing this mess yourself here
today is Valentine's Day and yes I'm
alone yet again what my face okay but
ladies you're probably used to that when
watching me so I don't have a date for
today's Valentine's Day so I decided to
play a game where I've got a date
I've got a date with this stupid girl
called Ariane shot the hell up Ariane
okay I've got no other choices this
games basically a date simulator I've
made a video on this before boom go
watch that cause that was a vari ah you
have been set up on a blind date with a
girl named Ariane this is her house
she's been expecting you all right shut
up I'm coming in or first things first
you've got a compliment her looks
you look beautiful Ariane before these
later oh and let me go straight for the
kiss
I'll just make this whole when I'm or
the kids enough Brandon's in boys
why don't you bloody bother I wanted to
break the tension what do you mean by
break the tension I've already I already
did that last video Oh Brandon that gave
him so good
what should we do now hey rock paper
scissors what rock paper scissors rock
what I just lost to this stupid gum okay
all I wanted to do was find love and you
could just let me win
oh god damn oh alright she beat me
rubber scissors okay who cares for the
evening
oh great we should go out for dinner
dinner alright I am paying this shit I
came here to bloody suck I came into
bloody sleep with you because number one
is free number two it's a dee dee okay
what God didn't know if we're going out
I should probably get changed
Oh every other perverts option now do we
one follower into the bedroom we might
even see a bit of or do we be a pussy
and wait in the hallway wait hang on a
second why don't I see myself in the
reflection oh my god Brandon can you
just chill for a bit okay you started
getting a little bit obnoxious by all
the screaming
alright should I do it guys hey should I
follow in the bedroom head okay note to
self don't walk in while she's changing
okay let's try this shit again don't go
nice two of them do you Brandon listen
okay if I wanted a girlfriend I could
get a girlfriend all right I just got
stopped
first thing you gotta do is give her a
big hug I'm not sorry I'm your bitch
probably should stop calling on bitch if
I want this girl to like me isn't it
let's read her a poem because that's
what girls wanna hear I compare thee to
a summers day
Shakespeare piss off doo-dah did got
done it's a number again I could read
African tribe thing I know there's
something I found him mark hanging ok
I'm not James Bond there wasn't even
intimate let's redo the bloody Zulu one
is there is there a race I haven't
offended in my videos I don't think
there is
ok so apparently the poem wasn't African
I was just there just me being racist oh
did you like the poem at least alright
she liked it I think she caused me quite
the gentleman
I know bitch ok what happened I done
before let's go for a walk I'm calling
you a bitch - but doesn't mean you're my
dog ok with this guy I just taking me to
the bloody park if this bitch doesn't
push me on the swing I'm gonna punch her
in the face
oh that swings what don't you push me
Oh how about no I'm not gonna push you
and you push me this is how you know
it's not true love okay she's not
pushing me on the swing all she cares
about as ourself men remember this okay
if a woman does not push you on the
swing it is not the right woman for you
okay let's climb on the monkey bars and
now I'm upside down can you show me some
of your old gymnastic skills okay but
first quarter take off my trousers maybe
what this goes beg how much houses hey
it was all part of the plan okay to take
all the charges I am is that poles
bloody strong me a bloody punani
what the hell I just know this girl just
wanna be showing up bloody
okay I've calmed down all right this is
probably the weirdest date I've ever
been on all right but let's continue
I am damn down this girl sure is
flexible okay
and we all know about flexible and we
all know the good thing about a flexible
woman okay that was fun I don't know why
I went to the park but let's continue
okay let's go out to dinner and not
walking her while she's changing okay
let's go oh shit these girls we do show
that piece ain't no Chinese restaurant
okay okay so have a cheeseburger fries
Nicole listen factor you hope you're
paying for that shit and I'll have the
double cheeseburger chips and a root
beer chips what is this bloody England
here we go Lay's German a big decision
between a man and a pussy as a man do we
pay for it or do we go for the feminist
route where we split the bill okay we're
gonna be equals is Brandon a feminist
find out by this mouse cursor no no no
he could be it could it could be
misogynistic prick oh yeah and keep the
change of filthy animal that was from
home alone remember okay now we're
eating burgers and chips what a date
let's give her a compliment you are
beautiful ever consider posing nude what
am I like a horny little teenager taking
this stupid girl but yeah sure I have
you ever thought about it I'm not a
model
you are pretty enough you could be
nudity doesn't bother me well I know
that since you bloody already showed me
I've let it punani whoa I said this
games stupid that doesn't mean I'll do
it tonight you just did it you stupid
God nice Brandon wish
go out to the town oh we can go to the
lingerie store nightclub or the dress
shop can we actually go to a nightclub
hilarious yeah
this is any club would play this music
let's get a 6 what this shit this girl
wouldn't make a bloody not drink alright
looks like I've got to be a bloody gay
and just have a club soda drinking but
I'm still gonna tree glow because I'm a
stupid bitch I know Ariana stupid which
I forget it oh Iraq club okay music is
bumping let's go have a go down dog
click repeatedly in time with the music
with the shit I love dancing is the best
you are a decent dancer shut up aria
any girl will be lucky enough to be with
this piece of sexy ass dancer first the
god damn park now the bloody amusement
park but bi yes sure let's go what's
with all the really bad models
characters in the background cop Isabel
keep staring at me I'm literally dating
a 12 year old what the shit has this
date simulator turned into okay let's go
on a roller coaster now for some reason
we're in a goddamn ferris wheel I don't
know how we ended up illness now our
hands eaten again the fat bitch are you
sure you want to eat that okay and now
we're on the bloody swings again okay
now we go back to our house and our
scale from one to ten that get a fool
what okay when we don't go to the
nightclub and go to the dress shop okay
we're in the dress shop you pick the
cards for me all right wear this and
this Oh Larry I'm looking pretty fine
baby this games already a date simulator
is it cuz I don't know any girl like
this stupid Aryan girl is there anything
else we can do at the park I want to
know wait what the hell she has a
basketball a basketball I thought I went
to be going on a date while we played
basketball aim where you want to shoot
the ball basketball game alright shoot
it here I did it okay
aim ahead put your arms out and tried to
block wait wait what Hey
what to do how do I do it do I click on
the ball oh shit oh I did it yay I'm not
very good at defending so I'm going to
distract you she's bloody shot me up
bloody way whinnies throw it shit I
missed her destruction worked or I did
it yeah why does she show me at ease I
don't understand okay guys I'm gonna
call it a night with Arianne I am super
tired and I you know what I'm fine with
being alone if you guys are alone like
me on Valentine's Day
leave a like okay and if you leave a
like then you guys can be my Valentines
oh no on a serious now I hope you guys
enjoyed this video this game is actually
pretty funny and does have some funny
outcomes okay so if you guys want to see
more on this game let's try and hit
10,000 likes and if we do I'll make
another video because there is still
some funny things you can do but if we
don't it's okay guys because I love each
and every single one of you have a great
Valentine's Day and I will see you in
the next video man so the guys love you
ba ba
