oh hello you wanna check out no I didn't
order Chinese food I'm Japanese go away
uh hello everyone how is everyone doing
is much a selfie at the daily shimmer we
are back it again with more yeah cause
our big what the sky staring up let's
knock your shit so thank you guys so
much for the support in the first Yakuza
video this game is really weird and
there is a lot of crazy shit in this
game
alright I don't know what's going on but
let's play but look it's the first
person you guys it's like GTA but Japan
it's more like Jay ta
I don't really know what to do in this
game cuz I feel like I've done a lot of
guys when I fight me you just keep
walking around looking for a fight
Wow what there's a soda can can I beat
the shit out then with a soda oh he's
got a bicycle I know the Fighting's all
funny it's a go away I'm trying to make
this video funny yeah on the side oh
he's dead anyway I like this move it's
the whole shift over a back alley with
it we had sparkly thing over there it
was a picture of a fast man can I pick
up this side I can okay well oh okay
well I ruin that guy's sign this Japan
comes like a bloody maze I swear to God
could we destroy a guy's bike
phlex exactly Jesse Jesse Jesse oh shit
oh shit
ah hello pretty lady what are you doing
are you your cooler man this is euro bar
when you give me 5 star rating listen
you give me a good ride and then we'll
talk about 5 star ratings okay look this
beautiful cut scene I'm staring at at at
at it's gotta bow to me alright this is
a really intense moment but I don't know
what hell's going on because I'm not
following the story it's kind of hard to
bitterly oh hello you finally come to
meet me you are not my brother I am my
own brother oh it's a shame you had to
things like that because maybe I have to
beat you up to prove that I'm your
brother
what did I just say you are not my
brother hey sir okay just keep talking
or I'm skipping the cutscene I don't
know what's going on oh shit we caught
two this guy being a bloody gays firing
his nails good good alright skip this
one I said I was like a million hours of
cutscenes I wasn't exaggerating is this
guy wearing a handbag
Japan you're weird it's sexy club open
yet place one sexy club is sexy sexy
sexy sexy sexy group
okay a lot of 60 club oh this is it this
is uh this is sexy club
oh ho shit oh shit what are you looking
at I try something with skulls Kelly's
over there sword fight the pity shock on
it Oh mmm
this is mesh yourself 2017 right now I
know I talk about titties a lot all
right but come on now oh shit is that
oh shit I got caught look at the Biddy
this is not what I imagined sexy Club
being like I'm not gonna lie I don't
know what you guys even doing in the
name sorry I didn't interrupt what you
want to fight you know all right well
that's enough sexy Club for me I best be
on my way or I could take the elevator
to Narnia Oh
ling-ling you opened up a bar in town
did your demands are you too mama
arigato that means thank you in Japanese
every day when I walk it down the street
these guys behind me guess what they
want to fight me and just could you
crack the knuckles I mean I'm scared of
you what he went flying look I told you
well I bet your ass all right I said it
can happen and now they're gone I don't
know why they they just decide the size
of fighting but Lee more plates destroy
it oh I can send people text messages in
emojis look it's an angry emoji oh hello
no I didn't order a Chinese food I'm
Japanese go away exactly that's exactly
that week with a cause disappeared watch
watch ow
hey beaten be the shower then with a
cone
I could try the gosset did it
get on a taxi two-for-one hooba another
like light things on my favorite
partners games only because I don't know
what the hell's going on bits funny
alright I'm a banker
um well welcome come upstairs work with
me something's happening to your baby
son I have a baby run okay I'm in a
hospital now is that me that's my shoes
I have that coos oh man what are you
looking at why is there a baby in this
game got a very beautiful son sir thank
you I made him with my own sperm I will
do anything with it son you really love
your son don't you sir wrinkles can no
wire I will protect your son you can't
you're a gangster man well what a dick
I'm not fighting this guy what the
hell's going on
what am i fighting is my son's right
they're just sitting in his club so can
I use my son as a weapon should I be
pretty funny yeah I know it's going on
oh shit that was badass and cool oh shit
oh shit
you're destroying everyone's cause
because the goodness sake stop
destroying that shit right well
everything in the dream is destroyed
are you happy with herself okay I killed
him there you go
what the hell is this game Oh
everything's back to normal I tried to
warn you about your kid you come near my
son again I kill you why am i carrying
this baby don't tell me I carried a
stupid baby around now for the rest of
the game I believe people say they've
got carry around look after now okay let
me get I gotta buy this baby some babies
all hungry well it's Christmas
hmm what do you want you want you to
tell me daddy you can't feed a baby back
to try this oh look at now Jeff Nash dad
now I've taken this baby to ling-ling
and now she's looking at me alright skip
the cutscene and give a shit what's
going on hey I asked a biscuit bit
alright oh look guys we have now moved
to a different town City it's so
peaceful me know so it looks like I am
now in a different City now this one
looks slightly different but pretty much
the same don't tell me I really have to
carry this stupid baby around everywhere
always Ling Ling Ling
Hey oh you put a baby where did you
maybe can I see it the model mine go if
you like wait this is the beginning of
the game remember this man where he just
smashed the whiskey out of my hand for
no reason hello I miss bored damn baby
doing in my pub but we need to look
after him
because he has a baby could you not
smoke around my baby you stupid man a
basket we put the baby as a basket
what's going on now did you want to
fight me again you come into my house
and bring baby I really sure your baby
an hour oh shit nod off like this guy
again listen sir I'd be the beginning
again you think I'm not going to beat
you up again now it's replied oh I'm
angry one paw Patrol said you thought
that okay I killed it anyway I don't
know IBM up buddy yeah baby needs a
mother like me how about me and you all
get together alright there's a story
here but I can bag I'm hungry I was a
Yakuza gangster once I'm not a bloody
dad what is this it's like drugs it's a
stick I have moved out into a bloody
shit Oh with this stupid ozbaby alright
I don't like this game anymore he played
in a shit hole oh no oh no no no don't
make me do this
don't make me change his dialogue oh
they just thought this game was about
gangsters alright
why am I looking after this dumb kid why
my objective now is to just go to random
people and ask him how do I look after
this baby all that is why I'm signed up
and maybe I will buy it for $10
double mission wife going on this is a
baby mini game are you kidding me okay
just stop the baby from crying I got to
shake the controller okay what about
this could you could you go could you
could you go now shit he didn't line up
seriously I don't get it all right why
why is this in the game
all right he's happy now I did it please
do not make me do that ever ever ever
again
trouble machine no not this again you
stupid baby I don't know why I have a
baby and I wish I didn't have a baby
I'll get it
I need some baby food open up the shop I
don't give a shit okay is the baby gonna
sharp now all right okay we're right
here
nah I don't understand what's going on
Japan so rich we take care of the stupid
baby oh I do not want it I'm still
carrying the goddamn baby
yu Shu Xiang Hao fun time ran out and I
didn't make him happy
why is this guy pissing off the wall I
start stuff let's go gun we've got
pissing on my wife I will piss when I
watch that I will pick you up now I know
whatever was going on why am I being
like this guys are pissing on the wall I
don't get it
he's dead thank you by breathing up this
guy's cry don't cry don't cry Maya home
I'm right there yeah let's go home is
the baby gonna stop crying now can I
leave the baby at home this story took a
weird turn because all I'm doing now is
taking care there's arm kick on lingling
can you look after my baby please thanks
what are we going to do about this baby
it's okay I will look after the baby why
your dog answer shit all great it's a
new day and guess what the baby's still
here wait wait wait wait wait those guys
over there want to fight me how could
they fight me when I have a baby at my
hand they should do take care of my baby
what okay I would take just baby I just
kissed my face bitch it's a rat subdued
to lacasa while I beat this shit ass
these guys I like this game but it's
just so weird I don't get it she's quite
see what flying all right what's
happening now something interesting I
hope ling-ling you don't take my baby
cool oh good a second a to walk all the
way over here let's see if the baby will
be quiet all right cool the baby's not
crying anymore oh my god what a shit it
is a baseball field where is the good I
joined the goddamn baseball team well I
miss Andy I want to be peaceful to these
guys who think you can beat us at
baseball you are wrong you know I'm not
complaining I could go with a baseball
mini game let's go I think the visions
element in the waste it did not have
your brave baseball you know that Ling
Ling why's everyone my team is injured
and bleeding
okay now we're fighting the baseball
team don't ask why why am I kind of you
know imma stop asking questions all
right
oh shit shit he's stronger than we
thought guys let's get it done right
okay
I just killed them all did we win the
baseball game at least Ilana no it's the
beginning of the game remember well I'm
just drinking my whiskey
oh shit no I don't think I could watch
it again where my whiskey gets destroyed
for no reason no no it's these two oh
shit I heard you had a baby here I want
to kill it okay this guy is a bad guy I
think I okay I was going on but it's got
the office time for some reason I don't
I don't want the baby okay only did we
do anything wrong just take the ten
million dollars okay look 10 million at
rada door night bloody kill you second
timer will have by the end of the model
or I will be very upset all right yeah
whatever okay good there are the stupid
baby anymore that's great oh look it's a
baseball match but why are we running
towards me listen dude for a thousand
timer I don't want to join a shitty
baseball team I know they're bleeding up
my friend shit I'm calm protection even
though I was just fighting him like in
my baseball team like a couple of hours
earlier
all right now find these guys all right
I like playing okay these guys are
strong oh well it was he doing how come
- old man stronger than all these guys
look one get you kisses oh shit okay I
kill them okay okay well I kill everyone
you happy dude I saved your lives can't
believe you did that
you are strong strong man all right now
I heard there's a really cool mission
coming up but I don't know what we're
doing I told you what we gonna do boss
oh maybe we should go out for some food
listen fatty you know food I say we rock
the channel well I will choke him to try
that was in my baseball team Oh
six hours off I am and I'm like it's
okay guys chill hey Mark
what do we do about this guy he's going
to kill us we should go rob him okay and
hopefully he has food it's a famous
actor um you want us to go Robin with
these mosques Oh No hey Tony this could
work you know the TV I told you I'd wait
what
is this place oh shit this guy lives in
a bloody mansion oh shit dry fire mother
truckers oh shit oh yeah okay get on the
ground
we gotta go to the face shit look these
guys they're badass coming in with their
with a terrible mask
okay let's beat them up because that's
fun and I haven't done that before I
complain about the fighting but you know
what I kind of like it it's really fun
cuz I can pick up this lawn and I can
just do this
what Oh
Oh God I don't know what's going on but
it's pretty cool we're running into this
guy's house all right we'll do search
the rooms okay that's fun I think I'm
looking for someone I'm not really
entirely sure that's calling me oh sure
I respect
who's that oh no it's baldies what is
going on are we looking for someone on
get up what is this a Shawn Wyatt - or
not oh shit a bunch of naked guys in the
sauna I'm washing at a shit oh shit oh
shit oh no it's disguise do we know
anyway so fine Amy the way I'm sick oh
stop oh shit the window open now now for
the window now okay everyone's dead
yay okay well I killed over on the
corner for some reason anyway guys I'm
gonna end the video here for Yakuza 6
alright I've pretty much done everything
I will I really wish this game had
English subtitles but that's why the
game hasn't been released yet in the
West it's because it's all in Japanese
and they haven't translated it yet but
even though I don't know what they're
saying I still enjoyed the game anyway
guys won't thank you so much watching
and I'll see you in the next video man
slowly guys love you Baba
ching-chong walla walla bing bang ooh
and ching chong cause I'm racist and
