oh oh everyone how's everyone doing is
mr. selfie
today I'm popping in with a little bit
of a different vlog okay now I asked you
guys on my Instagram or if you're not
following me
you're stupid idiot and I hate you if I
was doing Instagram for DES okay so you
guys commented a bunch of des some of
them really weird some of them really
stupid so in today's video we're gonna
do your stupid des
okay a banana in one bite luckily I have
a banana got a laugh potassium baby okay
here we are
one skinned banana please do not
photoshop this into something else okay
seriously it's the size of my head and
I've got banana on my face maybe I just
just crumpled it in my mouth rather than
try and doing it in like one long my
alright three two one hmm okay
that wasn't as hard as I thought just
shove it in my mouth okay try to go down
your stairs using a mattress now I don't
think my stairs are long enough for this
but I'll give it a go okay these are my
stairs they're not wider or how a hell
am I gonna bring a mattress down these
stairs okay this is my upstairs area
I've got a toilet over here but in this
room okay
there is a single mattress should I use
this mattress this might work
okay I've stripped the bed I can't
believe I'm doing this just for a stupid
dare
okay mattress is officially out of the
bed I could already know that this ain't
gonna fit down my stairs okay let's give
it a go
it's not falling okay it's good enough
okay I dare you to cut your hair oh I'm
doing it oh oh I cut my hair oh that was
such a hard day i'll cutting my hair
you should have really specified how
much hair you wanted me to cut cuz that
my friend was not hard I dare you to
shave your head
oh alright now this is the big guys I
know we're doing a video doing your des
alright this is my hair okay
do you really want to see me go bald
okay okay I'll compromise if this video
reaches 40 thousand likes in the next
day's video I'll shave my head bald okay
that's a lot of likes though I don't
think we're gonna reach that attempt a
back flip okay okay
I'm gonna do a back flip and that's
where I'm gonna edit me just just boom
about not good
I dare you to use wax strips on yourself
Oh God okay okay went out and bought
some wax strips got a normal skin and
sensitive skin okay I've got two parts
of my body that's really hairy okay I've
got number one my leg oh look how hairy
this ship is that's pretty hairy okay
come on now all the girls are like
planning your legs are so hairy it's so
masculine I love it here's one oh yeah
thanks okay so take out a double wax
strip and rub it between your hands ba
ba ba
now carefully peel the strip the power
of this okay I already regret this is
gonna hurt
I don't want to do this why doesn't why
did I agree to do this oh it's right my
legs - Harry it's not gonna work oh shit
oh shit oh shit oh shit oh shit oh shit
I'm not putting it off you don't have to
pull off
why can't you pull it cuz I think I can
I don't think I don't think I'm brave
enough Oh which is gonna haha this is
gonna hurt so much
wait I've got to do it I have to do with
you okay oh okay that's probably the
second hairiest part my body now my
first is you guessed it my armpit
okay this is my hairy armpit Oh Harry
Harry purple oh I don't want my armpit
hair to go I kind of like having armpit
here it makes me feel masculine you know
oh shit how do I even put this on Oh No
oh okay okay okay I'm ready this is
gonna hurt so much alright just do it
okay drop it - a countdown again yes sir
okay three okay
do you think you just made my armpit
waxy on too long I'll give a shit all
right come on move on whatever I dare
you to dress up like a pimp and walk
down your street you really want me to
go and buy a pimp outfit just so I can
walk it out I dare you to eat a raw egg
of course that's gonna be in this des
vid√©os of course it would be okay got a
raw egg here do not try this at home
because you may die and catch Salmonella
as for me I already want to die okay
that was disgusting but I dare you to
eat and suck on a lemon okay then okay I
just ate a raw egg but now we're now
sucking on a lemon what am I doing this
I dare you to put a sock in the toilet
all right here's the toilet
grab my sock okay and yeah there it goes
sock sock in the toilet and I don't know
why I I don't know I dare you to read a
book
really what your dare is it no I dare
you to do a handstand and drink water
while being upside down okay hands down
first I'll use a wall because I dare you
to dance with your girlfriend I dare you
to drink milk and coke now apparently
that's the thing I had never tried
drinking milk and Coke together it
sounds absolutely disgusting to me but
I've always wanted to try it so let's
give it a go
milk coke okay there we go if you were
to for milk then we will add the coke
other classic coca covers are available
all right here we go yeah that's turning
brown I don't know what color it needs
to be should I make it she had more coke
okay I think that should be it oh no
it's all flowing oh no oh no I don't
know why does it stop stop stop stop
okay bottoms up I guess
it just tastes like Coke look at it
though it looks kind of cool isn't it it
kind of looks like a chocolate sundae
but it's not chocolate and coke it just
tastes like Coke okay guys that was our
dares video a lot of fun doing it if you
guys want to see more then leave a like
like I said at the beginning of the
video if we reach 40,000 I'll do a video
of me shaving my head as I dare but
please let's not hit that life goal
that's it like something a bit lower so
I don't have to shave my head
but you do want to see more days anyway
guys be sure to follow me on Instagram
if you want your dad to be in the next
dads video and I'll see you in the next
video of mine so let the guys love you a
guy to hit that's my book oh yeah we I
borrowed it for this skit she want her
back now you can keep it okay
