except my wife Donna hello everyone
how's everyone doing is Monsieur Salford
now today I have something very special
for you guys we are playing a game that
hasn't even been released yet
now if you guys haven't heard the game
series called yeah it's basically
Japan's old version of GTA all right
it's a free roam game where you go and
do shit as a Japanese man alright let's
just stop talking and play no game ah
easy Kazama
I'm a pussy I play a little bit again
guys it has like a thousand hours of
cutscenes not gonna lie we first start
off in a Japanese bar with legally thank
you lady I will enjoy my cigarette and
look down with that what am I looking
cool and murder either the Buddha
it sounds so manly so this is the
Japanese Franklin alright okay we got
man here it seems very angry oh no homo
do you want my dick you take it you
pussy asshole - in my bar oh no leave
him alone a husband of mine this guy is
one shit Oh Matt on the table you want
to get out my BOB oh shit you just made
a mad he's gonna drink his bottle of
whiskey oh sorry I screwed your whiskey
bottle and this is Liberty City is the
cat over there
let's kill cats see this game is
basically GTA for guys GTA v are cats
yeah crucifix has cats doing a video she
would only need to calm the hell down
alright I'll fire all right he's like
come on just go take log up I got time
for this bullshit man
you slept with my wife now I will fight
you so you found out to strip with a
wife huh yeah I fix a damaged engine oh
come on let the fight begin
alright so this game has a lot of
fighting in it you can pick up random
stuff like I'll pick up this Jim the
blocks caused a riot place will ban the
floor sure take it oh my god
I just flashed the cinder block in his
face I can pick up this guy's bike I can
use the bikes to hit it oh my god oh my
god oh my god oh my god oh my god speak
the shit poor guy are we there okay I
finally killed him anyway let's move on
on a wire for the guy but I fought him
alright skip this cutscene because it's
like but so many cutscenes believe me ah
ling-ling Takeo said I think a good
analogy Tower okay typical what's going
on this is like a real sad moment I
don't know what the hell's he saying
what's going on the dead man in the snow
he died I woke up for my bed too bad I
don't give a shit now I'm in hospital
for some reason now I mean what jail oh
shit Dennis ugly stupid nerdy kid were
you looking on your stupid iPad why is
there no music playing hole no is going
to be like a very spiritual journey
I see must add a fucking time skipping
it yeah free roam baby okay
now I'm in a big place what do I do
alright the gaming place looks like it's
done
second o'clock 6 o'clock to 9 o'clock is
the 7500 versus anything what is the
currency in Japan where are you kidding
me could I actually go to the sexy club
sorry sir but sexy club is only open at
night please go away you brother what
could I do
I can bring up my phone it's a slowly
phone a nice brand integration there
PlayStation I have a cabinet way way way
way well although I will take a picture
of you I remember oh I can take a selfie
I can also change my emotions I'm sorry
your luggage and feel free so I could be
happy like take it you agree sir or I
could be angry I still don't like things
obese is less angry I don't mind taking
selfies but it's still annoying to do it
in public okay
there's Popo nothing anyway we should I
say I could buy a bunch of shit
they all look disgusting I could buy a
whole meal I can buy a dumpling I'm
gonna buy everything because why not do
I purchase it yes or not I don't know
which was yes or no I did it but that
was all my money 100 you could be I shot
my big Tron gang I'll beat the shit out
of you I'm not being righteous guys
alright leave me alone oh shit I just
threw that guy oh shit oh oh shit okay
there seems to be another gaming thing
this is a look like a game though wait
what's this karaoke I don't like a
karaoke of course I would because I love
you're seeing even though I'm a hardcore
gangster alright this wouldn't be a
Japanese game if they have a character
so I by sticking your face you like to
do this with like a multiple people and
he's just sitting there by themselves
just covered his eyes away the great
truth oh I'm loving it
my right
oh say kales a great song this game had
so much time into it but it's so goddamn
win I wish I could understand Japanese
because maybe I can make sense of half
this shit alright I just spent like ten
minutes playing karaoke I have no idea
how that helps me help you enjoyed
singing in a room by yourself don't
patronize me you stupid bitch apparently
I can go to club Sega oh my god it's an
arcade I can play Virtua Fighter 5 okay
Sega where's that oh I know check out
okay I'm playing a game within the game
I play his Rey Mysterio okay alright why
am I saying this again I thought I'd
play yakuza knockout anyway I get the
point
oh it's an arcade game I messed up get a
little hungry so let's go to this ravine
needle is your eye looks like they have
Italian restaurants in Japan cool I can
get down with that what a table for one
please cuz I'm a loser
I'll have a coffee a Sunday and poo on a
plate now I'm sitting down and eating my
soup but first I got a break alright
well that was fun and exhilarating
can I get in cars like gta5 know what is
this Club shine look can you go clubbing
in this game this is another club where
a wave wave wave we can I pick up ladies
uh I mean all the ladies on the menu is
the pirate paradise oh-woah-oh
yeah hello lady up nobody can go down
you give me controls to do what would
this woman looks like okay I'm scared to
press next okay I'm just talking to us
alright so in Japan I think you have
these sort of bars where you can talk to
women not sleep with them
well actually oh shit haha what do you
want to talk about love and party oh
you're gonna let the party I don't like
to party I wish I'd know what she was
saying cuz I don't know if I'm doing
good or not let's be sexy and say she
has beautiful eyes oh oh oh she loves
that look L got love hearts of shit
giving this girl money the least she
could do is pretend that she likes one
saying the one where this guy caught
blocking me what do you want
share my time and apparently I did bad
how do what gaseous state with me well
sad thank you for your money sir
but don't happy on my way to do another
rich guy a cat cafe Yong Yong are you
kidding me
this is no cat cafe or if that wasn't a
cat cafe then maybe the one next door is
apparently walking into chess
just makes them break what these jazz
made out I get up get up I have to break
a chair I said something that says blue
cat cafe this is all I care about seeing
is your pussy cats alright so I was like
a picture of you oh all right for a cat
cafe they're literally seems to be one
cat what a disappointing shit all I
wanted to do was pet some pussies all
right good putt egg had a egg man shit
to it okay and now I gotta fight these
guys okay I don't know what's going on
with a shit who they're carrying metal
pipes where'd you get those from this
cover guy said I know where with metal
fight oh my god you know a nice little
clue can I stop my god what it is for me
I did it yay look all these business
ladies here yeah yeah what we do when
you pan we fondle your kicking buns done
traditional Irish pub can I go in here I
can uh this isn't look very Irish that's
it
I just rented it I'm pretty sure I've
never had a Irish man say that to me in
a bar no good sir could offer you some
cheeky people the Irish say Siri can you
tell me what Irish people know that's a
terrible explanation no stop listening
is what I found on the web for what
Irish people know that's a terrible
exclamation to stop this thing please
arcade keeps talking what a surprise
thing well anyway I interest you in a
cheeky little beverage even that doesn't
miss out Irish to me anyway this Irish
boss sucks at least they've got dot or
I'm playing dot okay my a little bit
into you sh oh yeah Yoshi
yeah gah donkey don't suck the baby
shucks my go I wasn't get both I watch
three two one a pool table or three two
one two - EE what no no good yeah no
goddamn it talk about why 7/2 there is
no number is that tray seven quarter by
three what do you use your shit
alright CLA Irish man I'm gonna go do
some other shit I'll see you later
please come back and play darts again
earlier quote hmm oh no everybody run
away it is Godzilla that's not me being
racist Oh cutscene i won do the shit oh
shit is a whore I just hit the gym you
fuck fuck what me strong strong learn
rise up hmm maybe I should go and
workout in the gym - we run of the sub -
I'm gonna eat you including the kitten
oh yeah yeah sure one gym membership
please oh sorry sir gym membership is
$1,000,000 you do not have this is
actually really cool I could actually
work out in this game you know forget
doing it in real life you could just do
it in your cooler fantastic come on oh
no that's my gym session ah I got an a
though you are very strong man now what
the shit is this
okay this games a little bit too
realistic okay is this all game you'll
be playing and then you're realizing am
I really watching this Japanese man do
squats
alright join a gym that was an
interesting side mission or great gym
texts they've gotta love these and why
hotdog New York style hot dogs and
coffee
I'm cold why I'm trying to read this
side with a bicycle God promise okay
well there's something because it is in
English I bet this is written in really
bad English New York style hot dog but
it has a picture of a bug Oh
and arcade again what are you with me
now I'm playing darts with this stupid
go fast forward to whether I whoop our
ass it's always talk about winner she
lots to show even guys they can go yet
and take that bitch if I was going to
cut to me losing what's this game Mario
Cart why I just gave that light off oh
I'm driving with some girls oh I still
play arcade guns getting gay don't even
know where I'm going I could crush you
any second now and just crash it burn
and die now I could play baseball I
think a shit what does she look like I
go look at him concentrate what does
shit do I do here okay what the shit how
I do it Wow when every game had this
that's pretty cool that you can do
batting cages by the way you've done
shit oh shit great the sledgehammer oh
my god oh my god is a bad one to end up
is it I like titties oh it is you can
now enter oh shit what the hell's going
on why did you hurt my friend you think
you can but we have katana you have
nothing oh you're never to take
competition of him pickup with a katana
alright what's this guys did I save the
man with who was gonna die you take me
up with a man anyway I say this guy skip
the cutscene okay we have to say I don't
know what's going on these missions but
I'm not gonna lie I'm having a lots of
fun with them alright homeless man what
do you want ID I'll give him food okay
give the homeless man some food that
food was so delicious thank you all very
much so I had to give that guy food so I
could go in the drain pipe which he was
sitting on what's in the sewer I'm
scared it's all sinister and scary like
be careful guys okay there could be
Japanese gang yeah causes down here the
sewer smells of poop not a sellable
Japanese pool anyone in here hello oh
it's a homeless man but a shit matter
these guys know each other
I don't care about story skipper is it
well what the hell who did it who's this
Eggman
hey you guys seen Sonic anywhere oh shit
a man's got a gun and now I fighting in
the sewers to come razors I know it was
going on you caught the Peter Eggman
oh she's on reddit shit ah well I could
touch blue all right and they're all
dead
that was fun and a while it all fine the
sewer for some reason but we want oh
shit Eggman still alive I just touched
his face to death or I would you don't
know with where sonic you can have to
beat me up and my friends let's get out
of there man sonic isn't Sega wait I
really want to keep playing this game
because it's really spot and interesting
to me but I really don't know when to
stop
actually I've got a good idea guys if
you guys want to see more of this game
because I definitely want to play more I
feel like this way more to this game
than I've even scratched the surface on
so if you guys want to see more let's
try and hit 10,000 likes anyway even if
we don't thank you guys so much for
watching and I will see you in the next
video man so the guys love you Bob
