hello everyone how is everyone doing in
this measure cell fair at the date
ladies German we are back with another
kitten update video baby oh shit I fell
off my chair so now I don't know why but
every single day
I keep getting comments saying give us
another kitten update video alright and
you pretty much can guess what is the
update with the kittens okay but in case
you guys didn't know actually we had
five kittens and a new cat
alright go watch those videos the cards
popped up okay if you guys want to know
the kitten that we decide to cap keep I
can't English
alright the kitten we decided to keep
drumroll please
we decides to keep little messy that's
right the black and white kitten all
right have you guys not realize that we
decided to keep him literally I've been
trying to put this black and white
kitten in pretty much any video I have
uploaded an example would be the time
where I pulled out the kitten from the
turkey and chef mess yourself
oh wait Mikey in the oven you go no wait
no so much stuff wait oh don't put the
cat in the oven but the kitty it taste
taste Gordon haven't you ever had to
kiddie you kidding me he said did I say
you could talk in a chef measure
self-shot uh he was doping in the happy
wheels video by any major enemy he was
being a little scared pussycat in the on
til dawn' series Oh
oh my god oh my god kitty kitty I don't
like this game Kippy it makes me scared
you're gonna are you gonna love me kitty
will protect me 1g kitty look I love you
kitty mmm look at that cutie Doogie D he
will be dead me yes he will yeah alright
now go away now and he was literally in
the whole Christmas presents video
alright if you haven't realized we
decided to keep little messy the kitten
if you don't like the video I will shoot
the cat kitty I must sugar the face now
the reason why we kept the black and
white one is because pretty much
everyone in the comments said we should
keep messy alright I asked you we're
gonna keep one and we side to keep messy
a lot of you guys wanted me to keep all
of them alright now come on guys I I'm
the only one that's at home all day
alright I do YouTube for time alright
there's no way I'm gonna have five
kittens running around in my small
little shed all day alright we don't
have the sort of capacity to deal with
all those kittens alright alright so all
those kittens have now found a really
nice home ok we even had to find another
home for mrs. meowingtons mrs. meow
Anton is actually with the same home as
the ginger one so we didn't separate the
ginger one and mrs. meowingtons
they're together the person that we gave
the ginger one and mrs. meowingtons too
and the person we gave the black one to
are actually related so they're actually
bringing the black one over their house
sometimes and like they're all like
hanging out and being together alright
so a lot of you guys have taken a lot of
interest in me and my cat's all right
for some reason so I've decided to keep
you guys updated through Kitty's life
all right and I'm gonna try and do
something new with the kitten and my
other cats maybe like once a month kind
of video if we reach
I'm gonna upload another kitten related
video I was thinking maybe I buy him a
bunch of cat toys and cat fun stuff you
can actually buy online and like try
them out and unbox them and try them out
on Kitty and my other cats
alright now today's video as you guys
read from the title we are gonna give
the kitten a bath and I know the guys
are thinking or a bath
alright now you guys need to listen to
me for a sec one minute the cat's over
there doing a poo in his litter box and
the next minute he's then rolling around
in his own goddamn poo he doesn't know
how to cover up all right I'm not gonna
lie we definitely kept the stupidest kid
Nevermore he's adorable but he's goddamn
stupid and he's goddamn smelly cuz he
smells of his own goddamn poo so in
today's video we're gonna give him a
bath alright another proper bath okay we
tried but yeah let's just cut to the
footage where we're giving them a bath
or kitty has no idea what's coming to it
coming through
what are you guys plugging in there for
a party oh I went my wet one flap I so
hand up yes I ran up oh ok so in order
to wash a little pussycat what we're
going to do is we're gonna use a sink
okay we're not gonna use a big bathtub
because that just screams dangerous so
first things first
okay we're going to fill up this thing
with a little bit of water okay let the
water run by all right so we're not
going to fill this to the top all right
we're not going to want to dunk this kin
in it alright the kitten will go crazy
if we try to just drown and basically so
we need to familiarize
at with the water so we don't have a
running tap because he'll see the
running to happen thing oh hell no I am
messing around with this
alright so kid he's been smelling up the
place he for some reason likes to roll
around in his own poo that's bad don't
do that this could go horribly wrong or
absolutely fantastically well so what we
want to do is we want to show Kippy the
water we're not going to dunk him in all
right because that's bad so what you
want to do is to just show them the
water
look it's just water do you like the
water hell no I am messing around with
this don't be scared kidney what I say
don't be scared so what I do is I'm just
gonna when okay see nothing wrong kidney
he seems absolutely fine or I'm not
dunking him in oh okay now the hard part
is seeing if he'll sit in the water
which I don't think he was to do it is
okay just water okay he doesn't want to
it's not scary it's just water kitty
what does your friend KP oh okay one two
three four five okay so what I'm gonna
do
Oh kitty it's okay don't scratch me all
right so we got him wet which is all
great but we need to actually wash him
because he actually does smell I need to
get some what you got liquid but it's
it's kind of hard
could you get squirmy okay kitty is
going metal alright it's not easy to
give a car bar oh my god I was expecting
this to go a lot easier than actually is
but you know what what good progress
all right kitty still kind of smells a
little bit alright this Bob is it really
going to plan but I just need to wash
him up a little bit more I think all
right listen to me kitty alright you
stink
alright Edwards family thinks you stink
okay we need to give you a proper bar we
don't want a smelly pussy can't in my
house do we max no we don't like no
person we don't like smelly pussy I
don't know anyone who does like smelly
pussy alright so I'm gonna try a
different tactic I'm gonna just try and
just wet him outside okay I don't want
to dunk him in he clearly doesn't want
that all right cats are quite clean as
creatures so he'll clean himself but for
the sake of us all right he'll still
smell like
whoo okay so my new tactic is this
alright so my new tactic is to basically
wash my hands with soap and I'm gonna
basically rub my hands over Kippy okay
and a hand I'll do this but this should
work okay now this is a much better way
of doing it
oh I'm just gonna rub him everywhere and
get all those nooks and crannies in see
this is a much better way of doing it oh
look at him it just looks like a scruff
Bubba now wall scruff muffin we never
heard the word scruff muffin before no
all right one more time or I think it's
a little bit of soap all right I've got
pretty much his body and a bit of his
legs now I just need to do his back
alright and that should do it
okay let's do this get his underbody
there we go get his tail kitty stop
squirming please you're a dirty gay
kitty now I just need to wet them a
little bit it's on this soap because I
don't think it's wise to let him lick
the soap off all right so the bath was a
kind of success look what you pick
alright so I think he's a bit wet now so
what I'm gonna do is I'm just going to
dry him off okay come on kitty just
wanna dry you off
who's a good boy having his first bath
yes you are kitty
Oh see that wasn't so bad
keep it for your first ball huh now you
don't smell any more kitty is a bit of a
wild cat he goes from being absolutely
crazy to a little sweetheart won't you
I love kitty here's a little shit most
the time who can't really pull properly
and has a habit of rubbing his poo
everywhere it's like a little baby isn't
he's like not squirming anymore okay I
think it is more or less drying out some
longer alright so that's pretty much it
the cat's gonna like dry himself off by
licking himself alright but he does seem
a bit scruffy at the moment but you know
what cats won't lick off lick themselves
see the thing is we have to give him a
bar alright because he actually
genuinely smells okay and we can't have
no smelly cat all right the reason he
smells his look is because he's not
licking himself
enough all right cats lick themselves
and he's not looking himself enough so I
had to give him a bot but hopefully now
he'll learn and become a look ok guys I
hope you enjoyed this little kitten
update video and us giving the kitten a
bath alright it was a really a proper
bath but you know what he smells and you
know he smells a lot better now so I'm
glad that we did it anyway guys if you
want me to keep you updated with the
kittens leave a like if we reach 20,000
I'm gonna upload another kitten video
where I basically buy a bunch of stuff
some cool cat toys some cool cat
contraptions and try them out on the cat
I really can't wait to do that because
there is some really weird fun stuff you
can buy for kittens and cats anyway guys
thank you so much for watching this
whole experience has been amazing and
I'm really glad I shared it with you
guys in the first place thank you so
much for watching goodbye
Oh
doumyouji D just where take a thumb now
so I can use you for YouTube use I don't
have a pet you have pie that ball yeah
pineapple
