Hoover hello everyone how is everyone
doing in this mesh itself here baby at
the day laser mode we are back with on
till dawn now in today's video I'm gonna
be showing you all of the Unto Dawn
deaths some of them are goddamn crazy
okay so I thought I would make a video
showing you all of them okay guys okay
alright the first step as you guys may
know is write the beginning where the
two girls die
alright I've showed this before but our
Mars will show it again because they do
die all right come on let go there you
go they fell to their death a bunch of
roly-polies and yeah that was how they
died now a lot of you guys asked me is
it different if you are dropped Hannah
okay but not much different all right
she goes and falls
alright and a second later the branch
breaks she falls by myself
now okay there you go
she was the only one that felt I mean
ever fell but she did it second anyway
let's move on to actual deaths okay so
the first death is in Chapter four all
right when mike has to run through the
forest to save Jessica because the
Wendigo dragged Jessica through the
forest if you mess up any of the
QuickTime events and I'm talking any of
the QuickTime events you're too slow to
save her okay
all right fast-forward a little bit okay
Mike messed up the QuickTime events and
then he finds Jessica's dead born again
down yeah she dead look at her I think
the Wendigo ripped off her jaw okay
haha in a mountain oh oh
jessica's then she died right then and
there anyway moving on
alright now I believe this is chapter
six when Emily and Matt all on the cliff
top okay and there's a bunch of beers
everywhere don't make any sudden
movements you know what's coming
oh shit
family of screws damn the wendigo
dragged his dead body off and so he died
of natural causes nor even a scary
monster anyway that was not dying okay
now I've Matt didn't die and we're back
at the tower now this is where I messed
up in my let's play all right now what
you have to do is you have to save Emily
twice okay now if I did I got pissed off
when I did this okay because me trying
to save Emily and be the good guy and
make sure no one died makes Matt die for
some reason I try to save her again see
this is what happened to me it was a bad
idea
I was pretty sure he's dead there but
he's not he then wakes up okay and what
you see right now is probably the most
bullshit death in the whole game because
I have no idea I had no idea had to
counter it yeah yeah Emily's dead well
she's not dead we find a later on but
she could have been dead so now you're
stuck here okay and you've got nowhere
to go
all right so what you do is you then
have to walk back where you came but
walking back where you came is a very
shit most disgusting that I've ever seen
what the shit okay now this next death
is Emily getting chased by the Wendigo
all right now there's a bunch of
QuickTime events all right if you mess
them up nothing really happens until
you're outside okay all right now she's
outside okay now if you mess up these
two like that okay that's crazy anyway
moving on
all right there so you can actually die
a slightly different way in this place
all right now if you do the QuickTime
events all right and you go on that
hopper all right now you've got on this
moving hopper or whatever hell is called
I don't really care all right you get an
option to go straight or to turn right
all right now if you stay on the hopper
all right and if you mess up the quick
to other bed
you're gonna get out all right you're
gonna get
oh that's nice
all right now moving to the sanatorium
at time okay now apparently Mike can't
die here no matter how many quick time
unless you mess up but I know someone
who can die which I thought I have to
include its mystery guys if you mess up
any of the QuickTime events all right
look you mess it up okay and then you
get another charge to not mess up and
then you sell that one and then the
third charge should not mess up mr.
Bates mr. Wolfie everyone leave a
comment because justice at its death
okay if we get Emily or Jessica so on
the puppets for wolfies death all right
and that one hits you in the fields all
right so yeah if you mess up it cuts to
black and for some reason Sam then saves
you later on I know that for some reason
they didn't want Mike to die there for
some stupid-ass reason all right now
since I'm making a video on all the
character deaths I might as well show
the time where this random fireman died
okay we all saw it in a let's play but
you know what just for fun let's watch
it again don't move don't move don't
move be very quiet
the managers just just move come on get
over it Doug with just kill em already
Oh
here we go all right
hey Carmen he's dead let's ease off this
is all right now okay now I believe
Chris could also die here all right now
there's a couple of variations of him
dying all right but I'll just show you
the normal way of him dying okay if you
mess with a great job ed oh shit is
especially in slow-mo aah
all right Chris come on you pussy get up
look at the web to go look up scary this
shit is all right all right I need to
stop nailing good Tupper Bates
come on messing up scripts all right
here it comes here it comes
the coffee's
- go
let's get down to the basement
hey stay with me okay so that was
Jessica witnessing Chris's death
all right now there's a couple of
variations of that exact moment
all right now if Chris decided to shoot
Ashley in that a gun scene okay actually
becomes a little bitch
all right and acts really differently to
Chris's death and you'll see right now
all right so this what happens if Chris
dies usually all right
look sorry
she shakes our dough is she all right
I've saved the best to loss like I said
if Chris decided to shoot Ashley all
right
she god dammit looks the house door and
let's Chris die all right I'm right the
joking just watch for yourself one run
to the door quickly
Wendigos gonna come kill you
Chris fuck what the fuck
wait what's them like now okay stay with
me ash come on stay with me
who does that kind of shit alright I'd
get it if someone like hey if you hate
someone or if someone tried to kill you
even though they didn't react you like
you wouldn't let your friend die come on
now
all right now this tab looks really
funny all right this is the death where
Mike shoots Emily with a gun okay now
this is crazy oh my god Ashley all right
Mike calm down calm down
okay okay it's over it's over
oh you guys are safe this is a from guys
that was scared of him I had to do it
you had to I had to do it yeah yeah okay
I gotta get the key from Josh I'll uh
I'll come back here you guys are safe
yeah so he showed up because he thought
he thought the bite was infectious but
it wasn't all right if you can actually
avoid the bike if you give Emily the
flare gun in the in the game when when
they go to the tower anyway that's
pretty gruesome there's they're
completely okay there for the fact that
Emily's is dead sitting next to them but
anyway okay moving on all right now this
scene in my let's play kind of got
corrupted all right but when they're all
down in the tunnels all right Chris is
like oh god go on all right now what you
want to do is leave Chris here okay just
ask him inquire all right just say are
you gonna be okay
all right and he'll stay there and he'll
catch up later on all right now show you
how Ashley and Chris both can die down
in the tunnels okay here we go
Ashley's exploring down in the tunnels
but then
who's there anybody Jessica do you okay
now what you want to do is want to
investigate that noise now apparently
that did sound like Jessica but
apparently it's not - then I'm thinking
who the hell was it
alright I'm thinking method you think
the wendigo could like could like talk
like a human all right hey all right
now what you want to do is wanna keep
them walking and you'll hear some
thumping all right and in this thumping
you will find hatched a lot okay
a locked hatch all right now
you know something crazy sit there
alright if you did this if your actual
let's play you're an idiot
cuz you just know that comes out whether
goes it there but I was curious and I
actually messed up but I quit quickly
enough but if you unlock it
when the goat took off her head and took
it as a souvenir tracked off her body
okay that Savage all right and then
obviously Chris tries to follow them all
right now
they give the exact same option for
Chris he could then investigate the
noise - it sounds like a person see who
is that see this it sound like anyone
all right I investigate the noise I'm
coming all right this is bad all right
now did anyone actually make this stupid
mistake all right if you you know what
happened when you investigate the noise
it literally happened five minutes ago
didn't anyone learn their lesson helped
me see who is that is is that the
Windigo don't tell me the Wendigo can
talk like a human and now we're here
crying oh god all right so it's the same
thing Chris oh no Chris finds her dead
body wait
he finds her hat
it's great acting right there alright
now what he wants to do is investigate
the hatch bad news
okay there he goes alright pretty
similar to the one before
a lot of beheadings deaths in this game
goddamnit alright now I got to show you
guys this one alright it's the death
where Josh gets his head squished by the
Wendigo this happened to me and my let's
play it happens to most people imagine
getting your head squished bloody hell
head squishy aura now this death is
where Matt and Jessica are both down in
the mines
alright now there's a lot of there's a
lot of opportunities for you to die but
all the deaths are pretty much look the
same alright so I'm not going to press
anything and just let them die
okay and it smashed his head just open
just with one punch
Jesus Christ I must have been strong
bloody alright now there's a lot of
variations but like I said they all lead
to the same how much animation all right
so this is one another another example
of me abandoning Jessica alright just go
screw you okay alright just two good
guys like that okay same way sticks his
fingers in her mouth you just nasty
absolutely nasty okay there she goes is
sued to follow if he messes up this took
some of that same shit his head gets
smashed open alright so there's a lot of
variations but they all leave the same
way
disgusting uh okay moving on alright now
the last deaths all happen at the end of
the game in the final house okay now I'm
going to show you firstly everyone
burning alive in the house except for
Chris and for Sam okay alright now what
you want to do is don't mess up the
first two QuickTime events all right
wait for Mike to open the bowl just like
this alright
is instead of saving Mike you wanna run
straight to the switch okay because that
so that goes Chris all right he makes it
out alive all right but everyone else is
still in the house so if you run to the
switch okay okay watch this watch this
there you go Mike Ashley and Emily both
burned in that fire met leaving just Sam
and crystal life alright that's pretty
crazy
alright now I'm gonna show you next how
Sam dies by the wendigo and then also
Josh killing himself
okay this is the first QuickTime event
so what you want to do is mess this
QuickTime event
ah oh god this was so intense when I was
playing it is the second type event and
if you mess this up
all right now there's no one to say Mike
which means that okay they all run out
at once and he has no choice but to
commit suicide damn alright so there's
not really much endings to the game
actually there is not NOLA other endings
to the game all right if everyone dies
nothing really happens it's just like Oh
everyone's dead but I thought I would
make a bonus video showing all the
deaths in the game alright there is
quite a few I kind of wish there was
more all right with a game that branches
out as much as it does I kind of wish
there was more opportunities for death
but I still enjoyed the whole game as a
whole and I know you guys did too and I
want to play something like this but I
have no idea what but yeah anyway guys
hope you did enjoy I definitely did
enjoy thank you for so much for the
sport on until dawn the whole series and
yeah I can't wait to do another let's
play in the future anyway guys thank you
so much for watching and I'll see you in
the next video manslayer the guys love
you Baba
