hello everyone how is everyone doing a
special selfie at the Daily Show we are
playing was running even though it's so
much now guys I am goddamn addicted to
this game and I don't even know why it's
something about it just makes me keep on
play alright you could like goddamn
Kingdom I've gotta kick into my Center
to my left
okay I'm gonna kick him to my right go
to Kingdom down here okay
I'll click in 1483 totes that's a lot of
toads over here man but these dogs
living in my kingdom stupid on screen
toast standing on his house walk
you got this toad over here just do it
Rollie pollies Princess Peach how you
doing shut up Peter I'll save you like
ten times stupid girl still get captured
this was playing on the goddamn pipe
look at him go some poeple told you
alright you got yourself on the island
and you're gonna get yourself out of it
have you guys heard the build music for
this game it's the most catchiest thing
ever oh let's just suck so ladies
gentlemen if you guys haven't seen any
gameplay on this it's basically a
generic Mario game except you tap to
jump and it keeps on running no laughing
and writing you just control when he
jumps now the characters you can play as
is Mario of course we've got Luigi
Mario's brother
am I gonna win Luigi here not gonna win
we got stupid little peach always get
captured every 10 seconds peach okay who
you are peach all right we need to get
this girl a rape whistle or something
because every 10 seconds you gets
captured all right come on please take
care of yourself I've also unlocked a
tote we got toads lady friend toad and
of course we have Yoshi no idea what
Yoshi sounds like roar now to unlock
peach you have to complete the game to
unlock told you have to link your
account all right but Yoshi Luigi and
toadette took me goddamn ages to unlock
now the reason why I wanted to unlock
them for this video ladies and gentlemen
because obviously I've completed the
game or I have collected all the pig
coins because I love this game and I'm
addicted to it now for this video I was
curious what would happen if I completed
the last level with all of the
characters okay because Mario saves
Princess Peach at the end obviously duh
but what if peach tries to save herself
so smart how do you even think of this
idea just kind of came to me in a dream
I'm Roshi all right so I'm not sure if
you guys have seen the last level but
you got a kick these bombs in to win all
right did one already because I am sick
Bowser should I kick the bomb ow
so Bowser I thought you meant to be
capturing the princess not bloody
throwing bombs uh good sake I just
realized this machine looks so happy
here look at the cute little face take a
bomb in the face or I just need to hit
one more bomb on Bowser stupid little
machine also what's with this game over
screen it's a black screen
come on Nintendo did you won't have time
to simply add a little sad face on the
screen or something that's a speech why
is such a character okay all you
can do is just glide with your stupid
dress look at our glide oh she cleared
right into a stupid little red ball
right let's see what happens when peach
tries to rescue ourselves by Bowser
stupid toad where's peach god damn it
Nintendo they solve everything
alright that was very anti a clown so
now I want to see what happens when
Luigi goes to save princess alright will
princess give him a little bit of a
kissy
okay if she does she's a cheating whore
on Mario okay now that's what I want to
find out now I think the ouija can jump
higher than Mario you know what Luigi's
just better than Mario in every single
way all right
Luigi he should be getting Princess
Peach not stupid Mario alright he never
gets the full recognition you know he
deserves more because he could jump
higher he's faster it's okay I'm pretty
sure Luigi's gay anyway so wise powers
are throwing so many bumps he's
basically Isis if you think about it oh
I killed him I'm a winner I'm a winner
all right let's see what happens are
they just gonna cheer peach remember you
have a peach peach oh yeah Luigi
but Mario is peaches girl oh okay so
whoever saves Princess Peach and gets a
little bit of a kissy okay I wonder if
told it will get a bit of a kissy okay
good so let's a girl all right and a
British or Nintendo won't do any lesbian
accent I don't know they might because
it's okay to be gay but still I can't
imagine Princess Peach
kissing with toad air now I think
toadette is like super fast all right
like told look at each
oh
sure kiss anyone oh that's quite a tune
yo its Brandon comin at you laughs it is
bad I can rap but I'm gonna jump because
the beep alright I'm not playing the
last level the court game isn't that
great the tour you know you complete the
game pretty much really quickly what I
like to do is go on rally now Riley you
play against people's ghosts okay now I
know what you're thinking do you play
against people's likes course and click
his main toes you can alright it's quite
hard but unless you're as good as me
then it won't be that hard now I need
1,600 to level up so let's try and do
that now alright let's face oh ma my
name's uma I'm a red face alright
alright so there's this little ghost
fella not that scary you thought it was
scary but it wasn't I was told so fast
okay I got it again that's great I was
gonna say if you die in this game you
pretty much lost and I've died for a
third time so now the annoying thing is
if you lose which I am going to do is
you lose tolds okay so basically it's
like two steps forward one step back
this is a not a good example of how good
I am at this game I died again
goodness sec maybe I should have played
online alright because i rage pretty
hard for goodness sake I can't talk I
play this game it's just impossible it's
I was already terrible at multitasking
and this is just just proves it alright
watch the finish and I'm pretty sure I
lost see I did pretty well not really
pretty awkward 218 know what screw
stupid told Ronnie I played told Ronnie
and raging losing all my poets for a
video you know long it took me to get
1400 toads it took me a bloody long time
because I'm all chillaxing in my kingdom
they love it they don't want to leave
just because some told rallies told them
to they want to stay here and relax and
Sunday
all right so what else to show you in
this video
honestly didn't really prepare it all
right I just wanted to see what happens
if you tried to save peach all right and
she gives a bit of a kissy to everyone
all right there's nothing really special
about the game all right just collecting
coins but it is really a big thing to
collect all the tolls all right now the
only friend I've got
and Mario run is max okay so if you want
to add me go there's my player ID all
right now max is insanely good and then
Ted knows I do so let's play his ghost
and beat him because he's actually
it's our players told because poets a
piece of hey oh all right look at
me already ahead of him because he's
 that's what he is
yes I take it out okay oh I died it's a
concentrate oh I just shot everyone shut
your mouths all right if max wins I'll
never hear the end of it get the purple
star yeah that's right jump over it jump
on it speak yeah that's right max died
so we have to go backwards oh come
on don't lose don't lose don't lose I
never hear the end of it come on game
jumpy oh oh no no no no oh no I should
have gotten that now now yes come on I'm
ahead I'm ahead okay I don't think that
was enough look at Max's face he's even
care that he's gonna win he's like oh
yeah oh dude okay I guess we're
neck-and-neck pretty much 50 to 50 60 to
speak or took over took over 150 I'm
gonna rub it in Max's face right now
that I won
okay I beat you I beat you
you know what yeah yeah it's happened
it's finally happened I told you what
happened and today is that day
Maria yeah I beat you at toad rally it's
over max bow to your new king all right
guys that was Mario run I love this game
so much even though I didn't really do
anything in this video I still had a lot
of fun I'm not gonna be another video
this game but I definitely do recommend
you guys check it out or ID I barely
ever tell you to go buy or play again
but I'm pretty addicted to this one
anyway guys I want to thank you so much
watching be sure to leave a like let's
try it
10,000 it will bring a smile on my face
and I will see you in the next video my
smelly guys love you ba ba
