hello everyone how is everyone doing in
a special selfie at the day lace German
I'm so goddamn excited baby because we
are starting up a brand new let's play
and you guys read the title we are
playing until dawn baby now this game
has to be the most requested let's play
from you guys and I don't blame you
because I've had some crazy cool things
from until dawn okay like every new
let's play though guys I'm not really
sure if you guys want to watch it so I
always set a really high light goal and
I'm going to set the light goal of
20,000 lights and it's a lot of likes
okay but if that many people like this
video
then I know it's worth doing but if you
guys still aren't sure whether or not
you're going to watch this let's watch
the first episode okay okay we start the
story in a cabin in the woods scary
scary scary alright now this games a
horror game sort of horror slash
thriller sexy pretty girl
okay look luck in this game so far art
so scary why is it scary okay I have a
feeling something Bad's gonna happen
very bad Oh
oh shit scary scary Keller in the woods
oh shit oh my god I can't believe you
actually did this what you do it don't
you guys think this is a little bigger
hole no digas doing she deserves that
it's uh she's a huge crush on Hannah's
and making moves on him I'm just looking
out for my girl in what just because her
class Prez doesn't mean he belongs to
everyone
Mike is my man and was I'm not anybody's
what's going on whatever you guys a
bunch of teenagers in the woods by
themselves it's not gonna end well
okay it's like a your average horror
film something's gonna go wrong
and this girl knows it okay she's the
wise one look at the warrior in her face
he's like hey why you guys hiding shit
what are they doing are they playing a
prank they're playing a prank on Hannah
Hannah okay what it's Hannah Hannah
Montana Hannah oh shit is steady killer
man
these guys gonna die I know the story
baby
dad said it'd just be us this weekend
yeah you wanna die bitch a Beth Beth the
bitch ha I'm controlling up oh shit look
at the warrior in her face she's like oh
no I already know I'm going to die oh my
goodness look at this damn this game
looks good this game looks really good I
cannot wait to play this are these guys
dead did people already died I just
started this game they drank a whole
bottle of whiskey by themselves stupid
teenagers Josh jeez Josh come on man for
once again brother you've outdone us oh
do I play is this stupid Beth go for the
whole game I hope not okay
she already hate her what's this over
here could this be a note of some kind
Hanna baby girl you look so damn hot in
that shirt but I bet you're even better
out of it oh come to the guest room at
2:00 a.m. a winky face oh shit
Mike wants to fuck Hannah oh shit my god
what an hour naive sister get herself
into now that Hannah's your sister oh
they're playing a prank or nah maybe we
should start with a little oh no making
out and see where it goes from there ah
oh
she's taken up a talk hell yeah oh my
god
babies babies episode 1 we see some
titties we know it's a good game sheesh
Oh No oh my god they spotted our GoPro
what are you doing here Oh Hannah I'm
sorry
stupid stupid Frank Sherwood there and
done their swine
guys I would never do that to someone
else god damn mean kill all the
teenagers I'm glad they're dying Beth
you gotta go save your sister find
others or wake Josh how about we find
others guys there's someone outside
someone outside wait there is where is
everyone
I'll do one up there our sight oh no is
Hannah's gone outside where's my sister
going it's fine she just can't take a
joke it was just a prank hands it wasn't
a funny prank you just mess around there
that wasn't serious shut up Mike
Chuck you John there you are Jack's Mike
yes mine this girl just wanted to get it
on with mark should we go make it the
last person she wants to see right now
Mike yeah Mike your prick already hey
Mike Mike will die in this game I bet
him oh shit this is not good oh shit oh
I didn't mess up the good jobs I'm sorry
okay
I will work mess it up anymore should I
take the fast route or the safe room
let's take the fast one cuz it would be
funny triangle oh I'm sorry guys I'm
sorry I keep messing it up okay I caused
the train how is this the fast route I
don't get what so fast about it okay
let's go follow the footprints or the
noise as for the noise because I like
being adventurous got one door Hanna
wait it'll stay that system who runs out
in the woods okay how is that gonna help
anyone it'll just be cold she'll take
one step out you black it's cool chilly
willy my dick these are all frozen all
right where do I go follow the shadow of
footprints I don't know footprints why
not I already know something's gonna
happen okay she's gonna fail Oh
give it I didn't have to do a quick fan
event how great is that selfie
listen bitchy there's no time for selfie
oh yeah call your sister that was a
smart idea why you do that first
oh wait she's not doing that she's using
her phone as a flashlight Hannah Hannah
Montana Birds I mean our Birds growls
scary but Brandon crows or skirt birds
but yeah you're right to hit fewer
Hannah come out don't scare me Anna
okay I remember I'm your sister put the
shit oh my god what a shit Hannah hello
bear is your sister Beth
uh-huh what's this hmm a bloody voodoo
doll what the shit is this
uh what death totem what does shit isn't
death totem and why's it have these
magical powers Oh what am i that's all
Raven I don't get what's going on death
totems predicts the future what the shit
this game's weird why am I not running
anymore
Oh Oh guys I see a flashlight over there
did you see that I know guys I'm not
alone I think the murderers out here
hello please don't join whoa
flamethrower who has a flamethrower
there she is I see you Essaouira Hannah
I know why she did Anna oh my god yes
I found all that's good yeah take my
coat oh thank god I was hoping oh I'm so
glad nothing happened to her wait what's
this
this is the killer where is this earlier
guys are being chased a big chase
although my boat oh I'm dead
I am so dead I am so dead oh my oh my
goodness no stop
oh shit guys oh okay I'm dead
oh no oh I'm gonna die if he wasn't
doing is he let go or doctor job my
house crew let's go
they both died ah guys were they meant
to die always oh oh oh oh before we
begin there are a few things I need to
make sure you understand dr. hill you
know what happened last year the past is
beyond our control
I can't have to accept this in order to
move forward but there is freedom in
this revelation everything you do every
decision you make from now on will open
doors to the future who is this guy I
want you to remember this I want you to
remember this as you play your game
every single choice will affect your
fate and the fate of those around you Oh
shitty Oh
let's face change to that alright we
will start with the same place listen
exercise okay if I wanted exercise I
would be playing this game and I want
you to look at the picture on the other
side okay tell me what you feel about it
it is essential that you answer honestly
in order to get the most out of this
experience what you want to be to look
at the card
what does shit is this all right I'll
play your shitty game what's this stupid
card what is this a scarecrow
I don't give a shit about this square
crow did that picture make it feel how'd
it make me feel to be honest I don't
talk about my feelings I'm not a bloody
gate it makes me happy of course it does
is your bloody barna that's good that's
good I'm happy in what way did it make
you happy it made me happy because it's
all pretty the sunshine everybody loved
the sunshine I see I see the witch
worried but psychologists would best
describe I feel my darkness darkness I
feel depressed or it scares me well I
don't feel either about darkness but
I'll just say I'm depressed because I
want to give myself deep down well
winter nights are cold and dark
depression there are feelings of
loneliness
come on yeah mm-hmm this night in which
you gain takes places particularly cold
and dark
oh shit scary scary I would think that
you might feel isolated at times does
that bother you
uh no I'm okay Wow not much of a people
person are we no no really I make
youtube videos so obviously I got any
friends okay we like the seems we have
uncovered a significant topic to explore
in our next psychologist all they want
is the money have fun on your own what
you want is your money until then all
right so uh what he said at the
beginning I don't think I can save those
two girls all right I know I did mess up
a couple of times all right but I'm
pretty sure they're dead and there's no
way back Sony Computer Entertainment Oh
but just watch this song Oh ginger
Oh what's with this song until dawn oh
I'm actually quite excited to play this
guy's all right now there's a bunch of
options for this game and for this let's
play I will promise you guys I am gonna
go really in depth I'm going to show
every single possibility there is in
this game there is so many ok and I'm
gonna try and do them all all right I
know that you play as a bunch of
characters and I'm pretty sure all of
them can live or all of them can die ok
so there's a bunch of like options for
this game and like choices so I'm not
really sure what sort of let lets play
as you try and go for should I go for
one where try and make them all die
or should I try and make go for one
where I try and make them all live or I
will show what it's like for them to die
but it's up to you guys ok I'll sell the
pole actually go vote in that poll and I
was the one decide referee of the
dreadful tragedy that took place on
Mount Washington any client thanks for
having me mark there's an update on
Hanna Beth Washington I'll try to are
still visible one year ago tonight the
Washington girls left the safety of
their parents lodge and headed out into
a snowstorm yeah then they fell off a
dietitian Lee know there's one
individual we're considering as a person
of interest but his whereabouts are
currently unknown he has an interesting
history with the Washington family it
warned them against pursuing their
construction project and
the land was sacred to his forefathers
you know there is still the old
sanatorium our Mountain my officers did
search the grounds but the girls
themselves couldn't have made it that
far
something about that mountain seems to
breed tragic events more than you know
Marty LaLanne exactly something about
that mounted on Josh on this the
anniversary of the mysterious
disappearance of Hannah and Beth wash
that son Josh hello friends and fans all
right let's do that again
whoa all I likes though well hello
friends and fans
it's beyond awesome to have you guys all
back this year first off I gotta say I'm
super excited to welcome all my pals
back to the annual Blackwood winter
getaway so um let me just let you know
this take a moment to address the
elephant in the room for a second I know
you're all probably worried about me and
I know it's gonna be tough on all of us
going back out there what happened last
year but I just want you all to know um
it means it means so much to me that
we're doing this okay Anna I know it
would mean so much to Hanna and Beth
that were we're all still here together
Hanna Beth died cam them okay I think
this is their brother guys time with
each and every one of you and just share
some moments that we'll never forget
guys for the sake of my sister it is
that brother you know okay oh let's
party like we're fucking porn stars okay
my going trip we will never forget
tatras sisters imagine both your sisters
dying oh that's so sad ah
why is he inviting them back where your
sisters died like a year ago
oh no I feel really bad for that guy now
he just wants to pie what a weird guy
why would you want to party when your
sisters are dead okay either way so
that's basically the story so they're
going to the woods the cabin in the
woods where the sisters died last year
damn why would you okay I'm not gonna
complain alright so we know there's a
monster in the woods okay we saw that
guy that pretty much killed the two
sisters me mama mama
okay am i playing is this girl the white
girl there a lot of them are white
actually what's her name
stupid blonde bitch what's her name I
won't know her name alright chapter one
friendships 10 hours until dawn oh shit
is it just this whole game take place
what nice even a die the episode just
started look behind you
go look behind you Sam Hanna's best
friend diligent considerate and
adventurous Sam you're going to bloody
die I'm getting that right now okay Sam
I'll watch out
scary scary hello someone there oh there
is someone there I can hear him
breathing he's like oh yes Sam oh you
walk through that wood uh-huh it's on
perfect lady in the woods this game
should be called pervert in their words
cuz that's what it is open the game the
gates busted climb over Chris this
alright clam and no gate alright climb
up Oh No just give me a quick time event
should I do it quick or safe I'll do it
quick because I want to see a fall over
jump yeah that's right look how strong
this stupid bitches alright Sam jump
down come on don't hurt yourself now
it's a geyser I've out in the woods you
go Sam Oh Sam well this isn't scary
weary at all I'm not gonna die swear it
hungry Sam huh
don't move don't move feed the squirrel
feed the squirrel it's okay mr. squirrel
Sam huh did you find something
oh it's another one of those totems
remember the other time it told me that
that gull died and that dole dump told
the truth all right come on that so
Raven tell me another vision but what
the shit was that guidance what shit
bloody that so raven vision that was
that was okay it seems like I need to go
up that tower but I have no idea how I'm
gonna do that should I go in here it's
locked
how great oh there's a bag here oh no
there's a pervert in the woods her phone
pick it up
answer it answer it snoop of course I'm
gonna snoop I'm not snooping
aha Oh Ashley send him a text message Oh
bless you piece of shit
okay crush house across I'm Ashley all
right Chris I don't give a shit
all right you're ugly okay I don't like
you okay you already scared me piss off
Jeremy I'm sorry are you my secretary
yes
what's buzzing yeah cool well thanks for
let me know I I can take it from here
all right shut up boy I don't give a
shit I'll snoop on your phone whether I
want all right you should put a lock on
it you piece of shit
I found something kind of maze yeah yeah
Creek yeah I don't care I'm not gonna
tell you you got a seafarers oh yes my
Chris right yeah we all good then right
around here gonna blow your mind hey I'm
gonna blow it
wait what what you gonna do to my mind
you're gonna block what Chris all right
I don't like you okay
I don't like you all let's redesign
Wantage glue found my milkovic dies I
think we'll get a visit from America's
most one Oh guys that's the guy that's
the fathered in the woods I'm telling
you right now I put money on your cooter
were you showing me Chris what what you
showing me this is shit what what hon
look at these beauties well beauty's is
not the word that comes to mind why is
this even here whoa what yeah what the
hell is a shooting range doing at the
base of ski lodge why do I can't dude
have you ever met Josh's dad yeah
these he's like Grizzly Adams are so who
the hell's Grizzly Adams all right Chris
no one cares all right so what you
played call of duty once you think your
bloody MLG wait now I'm controlling
Chris I don't want a crook control kiss
Chris can I shoot this girl I want to
shoot her emotion if I could that be
funny all right bang
yeah a caller Judy all right listen I
don't care about the call of duty was
this call of duty until dawn Oh
what does I can't ever do to you Wow Wow
smash it Ted all right I'm not bad all
right Chris stopping a bloody awkward
dies back there brother bottle that bag
that close shut up mrs. Coon uh-oh
don't shoot mr. squirrel what no screwie
screaming oh boy ash you do love these
nuts
I really hope no one shoots me in the
face this is great are you doing how
could you do that Chris that is so effed
up whoa that Worman cut was alive about
10 seconds oh come on
squirrels just rats with bushy tail
cannot believe you just you just killed
mr. squirrel she goes left micro okay
Mountain is freaking me out oh oh shit
everywhere everyone are okay we leave a
comment rest in peace mr. squirrel okay
he lived a short life they definitely
left let let a good one okay I miss mr.
screw so much guys please leave a
comment rest in peace mr. screw it died
so young you know oh he unlocked it okay
all right so when I got with the doors
are locked by Chrissy poo uh can we go
up the car now must be really hard on
Josh yeah sisters died
right yeah I would be too must be going
through so much and he seems like the
kind of guy who's not gonna just ask for
help
Oh Assad man if my sisters died that
would be the saddest thing I don't want
to think about that
this game is depressing okay I wanted to
be scared out much at my chili willies
okay I want to get the chili willies not
the depressing
okay come on let's go you're so funny
Chris like seriously like this is the
best way to get this girl okay
make funny ironic jokes like that but
you are so in there my friend I am
Telling about right out if you can't
tell I hate Chris all right we hate
Chris okay it's not me
we hate Chris all right so I go on to
the prom going to the duck shot up
don't make bloody suggested jokes okay I
don't like you all right
you killed mr. scream all right again
shut up Chris this was the right thing
to do
yeah of course it was all right what's
gonna go wrong everyone together on the
anniversary anniversary of that death
thing really pumped about us all doing
something Danny yeah no he definitely
did I haven't seen him so excited about
something and forever Oh cuz it's sis's
dying that's why it's hard to tell when
a man died
and the word no no it was a good idea
everyone else feels the same way
oh no we're all here are we thanks bro
good bro bro your presser great I gonna
bro
Oh get rekt Chris yeah okay my man ocean
sweats all right yeah
third grade Josh sat in the back of the
room i sat in the front okay we didn't
even know each other existed okay but
the kid sitting next to Josh started
strap snapping the training bra on the
girl in front of him so the teacher made
him move to the front where I would say
okay that's how you met so I got moved
to the back and and next to Josh that's
how we met oh yeah and became friends oh
you couldn't save me seven much main
heaven for the fact that Jeanie Simmons
hit puberty like three years early on
that day decided to wear a low-cut shirt
that showed off her training bra
oh I mean who knows you know me friends
could be riding in this cable car alone
oh right now or we're talking to some
other person entirely how crazy is that
butterfly butterfly effect I see what
you're doing there Chris giving me hints
about the game foreshadowing one too
many numbers that's what I say all right
sorry guys I'm excited for this game
okay something scary scared he's gonna
happen and I know it all right I'm
already scared now we're gonna meet Jess
Mike's new girlfriend all right sure it
looks like a hole I know it all right
look at this hole hi Jess
it's mating great I'll are you Lanka
alright I already don't like that she's
like hey guys my name's Jessica much new
girlfriend Oh what the shit was that hey
Jessica
over here goodness sake are you guys
having a really weird why you're scaring
me duck in this stupid thing stoolies
let us out
alright did have to bang on it no I
don't want to let you down let you out
I'm still gonna press anything see what
happens
alright I'll press it
alright come on get in come on your
piece of shits don't scare my lever
again or I'll kill you I thought we were
goners another my garnets in there and I
would have chewed off my own way you're
so funny Chris look got a lot of meat on
my bones
it's all muscle down here shut up Chris
shop done many friends don't you Oh
Chris I'm just doing like Sam taught me
other people's private thoughts are my
own personal why because I looked at
your phone sure yeah don't get job I
hate to share in this seems that someone
has a little crush on our good friend
and dear class president Michael Monroe
who and what kind of sizzling erotica
might our Jessica be capable of
imagining I wonder what is wrong with
this Chris insist I'm with Mike now um
give that back you shit give that back
your tool yeah you who died that's my
mother tool undaunted yet maybe what an
idiot see you shouldn't go nosing around
in other people's nostrils ha ha yeah I
try to do that as a rule come on Jess
you can tell it ok totally keep secrets
whoa what's your warning
you'll figure it out eventually okay all
right let's just get up to the lodge
already to get it tired of all this
nature
yeah not tell them guys go ahead I'm
just gonna wait here for a bit yeah I'm
gonna meet and greet cuz I'm a real shit
coming see horses coming what I mean
you know whoever I'm going out with
Mike's at right right I don't know
that's what I said I'm
like holy cow look at this view not take
it all in oh it is a very pretty view
I'm not gonna lie all right they built
the lodge like right listen people car
and oh okay many new people Emily Mike's
ex shitty drama drama drama who's this
guy's pretty
that's Matt Emily's new boyfriend so
these two are going out okay and Mike is
going out without Jesse gone okay
and where's the bellboy when you need
one I'm a bellboy all right we going up
to the woods to prize there's too many
people for my liking guys I'm meeting
Phil Bob Emily Oh scary
sorry all right this is Mike Emily's X
and that Jess's go friend bloody house
what's with the jump scares man okay
you're cutting Michael she's really
really didn't seen your faces no fun I
almost clocked you just now looks cute
Michael you shelter Oh guys we're all
friends you're right yeah and for
violence just a little harmless fun I
hate these guys
spooky spooky okay we'll be here two
things
oh the spirit of things seriously what's
wrong with yeah these girls died right
play in the mood shut up Mike she's the
reason why she killed herself because
she liked you and then she ran away
because you want to see it pity's okay
don't like Mike yeah back off Mike you
prick Michael you got a step step off
cuz I'm Matt Emily and I are together
now and that's just the way it is yeah
you push the asshole not gonna tell you
again do we understand each other more
fucking understand each other you well I
thought maybe we can move past all this
no buds
shut up my cap Darla Mike either no no
no it's totally cool I'm just gonna hell
yeah bro they saw y'all mature and shit
out of it boys yeah it's all that much
uh-hah when you get all alpha you know
that you don't mess with Matt boy me and
my homeboy mama oh boy okay the only one
I like it isn't is not take these the
rest of the way wallet bags yeah all the
bags
oh why I need to go find Sam
shut up way she want to go back to some
day sorry I just I really need to go
find her I totally forgot I needed to
talk to her before we get all the way up
there this really can't wait we're
almost there
it's important Matt please no I'm not
leaving you alone am i real Italy's
gonna go but I can see that boy trail by
yourself seriously it's cold out and
it's getting dark you're gonna protect
me from it being dark out yes I'll just
leave your stuff here and come with you
nobody's gonna steal it Matt are you
kidding she wants to cheat me alone for
five minutes you really think that
little I can see a cheatin ho why can't
just listen to me why do you have to
question everything why are you getting
defensive just trying to be helpful
yeah you want to be helpful then you can
help get everything up to the lodge as
quickly as you can
you wanna cheat on me don't do you hole
Emily Emily I know aho okay no no I
didn't agree to this map what everyone
she's gonna cheat on you she's gonna run
back and give him a quick smoke that's
her ex-boyfriend
I know aho and I see one okay this girl
I don't like to I don't like any of them
okay
my homie boy Matt he is the one to trust
okay if Matt dies I'm all hell's gonna
break loose okay
I don't want Matt to die who's this girl
how I met this girl Lucy wait Ashley huh
has a crush on Chris I don't give a shit
while these guys like and who they don't
like okay oh no just gonna jump scare me
isn't it I know it's gonna bloody jump
scare me I'm gonna get prepared for a
jump scare or this hello oh my god he's
getting a little oh my god not in the
friend zone
oh my god I called it if you kiss
expiration date on their big break up
guys she lied to me the whole
that Nick is him she's got he's got
hands on her face oh I called it I
called it before I saw it she a cheating
home with its game in the jumpscares
sorry it's not funny hey whoa sorry
there Sarah that your girls is you what
I did mean to scare you sort of scary
but not like for real scare you guys oh
my god hey Wow
man I'm are we sorry ash damn damn it's
fine
these two should get together are you
looking at seen anything juice yeah I
did your girlfriend's cheat on you tell
them tell them time done encouraged yeah
yeah go go go go go go look yeah yeah go
yeah yeah see how much of a bitch your
girlfriend is cheating on you
look at this shit yeah Chiho we
discovered that Emily's a hotel man hey
that's probably nothing nothing you
think is it ever just nothing with it it
is not she a hole
no see oh man I see a hole when I see a
hole and didn't y'all okay you know I'm
saying no I'm liking I'm liking it so
far all right don't know when to end
this video but I'm gonna keep going
because I'm kind of I'm kind of enjoying
it I'm getting into it okay Jessica all
right
this is this girl she's waiting for Mike
even though Mike's already up there
don't know what she's waiting for stupid
girl hello phone coffin oh shit okay you
did not just do that
Oh put your hands where I can see we've
got just Renison I saw you hugging that
go for Hill Amata retaliate what choice
do i a circle young rebel girl half of
the surrender to the strapping military
guard come to take me into custody
oh look at them role playing out bloody
gate let's grab a snowball fight back
oh well I don't know when you put it
like that Hey look at them playing oh
shit call of duty Oh
Oh what's with the sexy music why are
you hiding hey little chickadee oh cool
a Joey
oh hey sexy music oh shit
oh no snappy snow Eddie the pool buddy
oh no don't you kill the bud buddy hello
come on oh oh gee hey Mike I'm searching
yes sexy music oh no the both gonna die
isn't it sometimes doing nothing is the
right thing to do um okay so I don't
kill the bug check you're the bird
now mr. screw or he died the birds need
to die and this time we cook them on the
head bitch Oh flirty
what's with the sexy music yeah oh so
you're going down Oh sex it dies
by bit done oh so did I go down easy
kisi ah lovey lovey mm-hmm I think you'd
know so if I did what ho all right all
right my my are we calling it my
favorite then your worthy opponent Miss
Jessica the snowball Queen okay that
sounds vaguely dirty yeah it's dirty
lady milady
Oh kissy kiss him why wouldn't I kiss
him go on show them that you're a ho
we know you're a ho yeah la la la
sorry Wow save some for later buddy
yeah come on our endless reserves okay
we should get up to the lodge we should
yeah I think it's so nice out here
though Oh Freddy a brush she wants to
get it on in this mean I could stay out
here for pretty much ever I did I was
making out with you whole time oh just
making out Oh what hope well oh I think
we might freeze to death somewhere
between those quotes whoa she a ho okay
damn girl huh I'm enjoying this game
guys I'm not gonna lie I am really
enjoying this game oh shit most like
high tree shit all right what low okay
hello master dr. Feld
how are we that's pretty good all right
I'm enjoying the game okay thanks for
asking this time huh we're going to try
to understand the root of your anxiety
anxiety anger anxiety I'll pick up that
book book turn the pages
uh you will see a set of pictures and
symbols I want you to identify which
image in each what is this guy talking
about the most anxious anxious men worry
about me or women worry about me well
you know me I got women troubles okay
some men worry about me you know I'm a
ladies man you know you know you know
how it is playing scam your crowd scare
me what who the hell's scared of crowds
and planes
all right well crowd wants scary also
it's probably planes fear Heights or
drowning program to go with Heights
drowning is not that scary because I can
swim because I'm not an absolute idiot
like this guy right and shit don't
bloody judge me your piece-of-shit guns
are scary or knives are scary probably
have to go in knives knives is more
scary what the shit rats all cockroaches
cockroaches are nasty are shit okay I'm
have to go with a bit of cocky roach all
right no one likes that shit okay clowns
or scarecrows okay well clowns aren't
scary and need are scarecrows all right
see a crow is not scary oh but I'll pick
scarecrows cuz they're why not what the
shit Gore or crows grows up neither this
is what's the point
Wow did I startle you so sorry
yeah you doing very well okay don't be
no I wasn't nervous until your bloody
bang on I don't like that I try to you
Dicky time won't speed up the more you
rely on your own
things the more honest your answers will
be lightning you will find this
experience okay I'm is it fast okay
alright alright cockroaches or spiders
probably gonna go with cockroaches
alright goro needle is probably going to
go with gore needles are fine this is
very interesting is it now cuz I find
that interesting we're answering so
diligent diligently as a big word for
you stupid shit oh I'm afraid once again
rather yeah good because you're born the
hell our members no I by dr. Phil okay
bye-bye
see you later crocodile okay he'll
absolutely lovely he can there he goes
okay guys on that note I think it's a
very good time to end the video so that
was episode one of until taught I'm not
gonna lie I didn't think I was gonna
enjoy it as much as I did and I really
really really want to do a new let's
play on this game like it's perfect for
a let's play and you guys been asking
for it so much and I really hope the
support on this video is really crazy
because I really want to do this you
know and I I feel ashamed that I left it
this long so yeah like I said the
beginning if we reach 20,000 likes I
will definitely hundred percent do this
is a full let's play and I'll try and
upload it as soon as we hit the like
goals but if we don't hit the like goal
it's a shame but nevermind
anyway I was want to thank you guys so
much anyway for watching this video and
I will see you hopefully in the next
episode thank you guys so much for
watching I love you so so so much and
goodbye
you
