all around me to the beach haha hello
everyone how is everyone doing it is
measures out there and today leis gem
and I am so goddamn excited because we
are back it again with the themes fall
baby that's right we are back with the
sims 4 and not just a regular episode we
are having today because we have some
new content we have new Sims 4 DLC and I
am so excited
now basically guys in this new DLC there
is a new section of the map called Sun
mention or hey and this isn't just any
old regular map guys they have added
apartment buildings and a whole bunch of
new content like I can't even explain
how much content that new content there
is it's just content content content so
basically I have heard some great things
from this DLC and I don't even know half
the stuff that's in it so I'm just gonna
jump straight in and move our sims to an
apartment now I'm wondering what
apartment should I move my sims into so
over here you have the uptown ok this is
where all the posh people live in the
5-star apartments ok only the richest of
the rich live in Uptown
now over here guys we have the fashion
district this is where oh my god all the
fashionable things happen ok like the
romance flexible and geekcon
warehouse geeking fashionable okay
that's the nerdy shit and over here we
have the odds quarter this is where all
the painters go the musicians the
and all other creative types okay
and all the bloody here we have the
spice market okay if your wine spice you
will get it in the spice market relay my
my developer Napa so I decided guys I'm
gonna move my seams to the shitty
apartments first okay and if you guys
want to see more sims for city living
and if we reach 10,000 likes I will then
each episode move them into a different
apartment because each apartment has
something special about them so yeah be
sure to leave a like if you want more
sims for city living but yeah let's move
them to the cul pepper apartments
goldberg Bergman's its best foot bite
now in the Claude pepper apartments
there's three to choose from we can't
choose this one cuz the Russell family
is living there
wait is that guy got a turban hello I'm
mr. Ross or get the hell out of my
apartment this is I'm okay mr. Ross oh
oh Jesus Christ
okay we could choose number 19 okay it
needs TLC uh tender loving come we can
choose number 17 which have a gremlins
problem what the shit okay and we have a
number 18 which is hole did spooky
spooky scary scary ghosts what I'm gonna
do in this episode guys I am gonna live
in all three so let's first start off
with the one that needs some ditty
loving comes yeah everyone is moved into
their apartments why they all in their
bed clothes yeah look at them they're
all so happy branded you like your
apartment oh oh
kissy kissy kissy brothers like yeah
congratulations on your new apartment
now how about we go break Lee's
apartment in baby girl hey hey hey face
alright let's check out my fancy new
oppos oh um this is nice a fancy table
okay a fancy oven
ah dirty fridge okay um this is this is
nice
one bedroom keyboard okay another badge
room okay all right um ah shit
okay uh we may not be in the best
apartment but at least we're living in
the city
well what hell is this is that what I
think it is is that a rattle don't tell
me this apartment has rats I did not pay
600 samolians in rent for me to live in
a bloody rat house Brandon don't be so
happy
okay you were living in a nice penis
shithouse and I were living in a shitty
apartment with don't be mean to my
window
why so happy guys uh guys what why are
you so all so happy I don't understand
guys
when
is Brandon you're supposed to be the one
breaking in his apartment not baby slot
how could you let bait we start be the
first person to have the bloody walls in
here god damn it okay Brandon you've got
off your game Brandon come on now who's
this guy who are you Aaron bejita
get Joe bloody Indian face out of it
wait was that as you would have any
present for me a fruitcake Aaron you're
the fruitcake oh look there's a guy with
a turban
he's called Roger hello my friend my
name is bloody ROG
welcome to the apartment come to my
house and I will give you spices and
curry spice is so hot that it will burn
your bloody tongue man
oh come come I like it Oh smelly smelly
a good good good run and go greet your
new neighbor
okay bloody Raj is waiting to give
spices okay are you doing Raj it's nice
to meet you my name is Brandon okay
oh hello Brandon welcome to the
apartment you definitely bought a very
shit apartment I feel very sorry for you
Idol okay Roz no need to be a bloody
asshole about it okay money is tight
okay what can I say look at Rogers face
he's like guys do you always bloody walk
around with no bloody clothes up
are you free lucky we're flooding with
you fighting with Brandon Oh ROG you
like ROG don't try anything you stupid
girl I am a married man you don't watch
telly you bloody doing on my apartment
okay
go away stupid ROG don't mind me I will
just make myself at home okay
or the bloody shoe department you've got
man ROG go away I don't want you here
okay as much as I like my new apartment
I secretly had a new apartment I think
it's best to get out of this shithole
and go explore the map all right what
should I explore first should we explore
the park me shoshone or Meadows gandu
mister schorr no we have got some cool
dings probably not because just a park
but I still want to see what it looks
like
dile Messam coolest tuna in Sims before
okay everyone in the whole family is
here to this new park and oh my goodness
look how lovely jubbly everything is oh
yeah oh shit look at these girls they
need to pee I mean okay come on my
little bean I like this Park it doesn't
really look like a kids park it kind of
looks like an adult's park if that's the
thing where is this a fountain I can
toss off a coin I mean what I wish for a
bigger penis Oh hope again all right it
seems like a very standard park oh
there's a section over here where Hannah
second is that food stalls here Jonas
get yours here Rosie sweet and lovely
sausage me look sweets lovely jubbly oh
yeah have one oh thanks for that man
look at the snob shut up used to be go
Oh
get your Chinese food get your Chinese
food donation on Japanese Chinese food I
don't know where it's from all I know
it's from Asia get your Asian food open
up and are we all about garbage about
our heart oh I got it I consumed him get
your Mexican or tacos common ah fajitas
tacos you name it we regarded I'm a
Mexican oh I can't do the Mexican absent
XS about Brandon go order some um um see
up ho what nugget go order a juicy tacos
got lucky does the keepers
okay wait wait wait wait wait wait who
is this is this a statue what the shit
what's the statue doing here the statue
looks exactly like a sim haha oh my
goodness is this like a street performer
this guy's like here you go girl
damn shit son look at this girl Isis
bitch all dressed up in gold man white
people man I swear to God okay she's the
weird one for juicing up whereas you
just randomly go into push shoppings
okay
bloody weird seems like this place
snooty Matt Odie get out of him snooty
Madhu D oh just get scared what was this
guy doing what's going on the joy I put
her up was Brannan's enjoying his ruddy
apple or every shitty is stop stop
trying to scare a bloody street
performer please no Dima duty after I
piss off no Dima Dodie look at them or
they'll enjoy it can I do anything
special with this street performer I can
flirt I can scare I can tease or I can
tip nugget try and tease it is a oh you
a stripper former there's grain go get a
real job you stupid bitch okay but
seriously we should probably tip this
girl because uh yeah she's having to
deal with our bullshit oh is that what
this guys doing he's trying to flirt
with us Tyrone go away okay we're all
just watching her in peace and Tyrone's
like nah he's goddamn white bitch look
at this girl's face she's like all right
women staring at the statue pretty much
all night what else can we do over here
oh my goodness look at these pretty
lights they light up at night oh wait
was this is this a wedding venue or man
I wish this was available back when
Brandon and slut had their wedding can I
have like can I have a wedding again I
can renew vows Oh should we do that
should we do that
dan dan dan dan dan dan dan dan dan dan
dan de Delon
oh what a lovely time to renew my vows
damn I'm a lucky man
I can't wait to renew my vows of baby
girl oh akka bye bye bye I love you so
much Brandon oh I love you too and I
still baby girl
it feels like our wedding was just
yesterday oh man baby girl you know what
it was give us a hug I love you too
I will always love you Casey Casey I
will always love you too
Casey Casey will you marry me again
Brandi you oh yeah yeah Oh shucks it Oh
shucks aside you know them oh oh he's
going to the ring oh look at the size
that man Jesus Christ I really unlock
they renew their vows that's so cool
wait a second since when's the fireworks
in the game what the hell oh my goodness
this is so goddamn adorable fireworks
that is so cool oh man
I know haven't explored much of this DLC
but from what I've seen I really like it
it's really cute look they all coming
our once hey baby what's this kinda
stupid girl it's a wedding you want even
crying is shit not laughing my baby girl
was so grown up it makes me sad it makes
me sad it does you know it's okay baby
slap don't cry alright thank day sure do
grub fast
wait I'm pretty sure baby slots my
daughter okay I don't know why is crying
mommy don't get married to this man
okay cold I'm glad that that is anything
else I can do in this Park I don't think
so we're having second is this a
basketball court no way can can up she
show up wait we're in no way no way no
way can you pan out play basketball you
can now play basketball in the Sims that
is so awesome okay we need to get the
whole family down here right now
because we are gonna have a bloody
basketball match
all around me to the beach to the beach
why this go so happy playing basketball
by ourselves you're not even playing
basketball right she's literally
bouncing it like four times in a row and
then jumping it in the air
seriously girl go home get some friends
shut up
this is so awesome guys I swear to god
oh my goodness I actually love this so
much you can play basketball in the
Simba's Valerius yeah yeah Oh Sharky
what's this girl complaining is she
saying a baby slut smelly Oh she farted
why you stupid girl you fucking are who
is this girl and why is she here I told
you go get sometimes I go home oh yeah
look at everyone they were dressing up
Oh
throw it three throw it this is so
awesome look at the mole playing uh yeah
look at them oh oh Kelly Oh Australian
woman Kelly look a slut
look it up wait Goodman up Oh slut you
shed you are I can dunk Brandon you have
to dunk 360 Monster Jam
oh man has a boat oh ah Brandi with the
360 Monster Jam oh my goodness Brandon
that was badass
Oh gone Brown Oh
Oh so sick oh snap Brandon that was
badass nice one go Brian go Brandon you
dumb shit what does dream big mean come
on Brian all the cameras are shining on
you you have to make this dog and last
yeah oh he failed okay yeah and yeah we
lost the World Series because Brandon
couldn't get in outside look at Sky's
moustache shit hello
why don't we basketball with me okay
guys I've been playing for literally an
hour and a half and I haven't really
even done anything but I think it's a
good time to end the episode because I
don't want to do too much per episode
because I want to make like a bunch of
videos on this game guys because this
DLC looks absolutely amazing there was
just so much more content that I want to
do and I can't wait to upload more so if
you guys agree with me and think this
sim CLC is absolutely awesome then be
sure to leave a like because as soon as
we reach 10,000 likes I'm gonna upload
another Sims 4 Sims city living video ok
guys cuz I am really excited to play
more anyway guys I hope you enjoyed cuz
I definitely did and I will see you in
the next video man solare the guys I
love you ba ba
