what a smell to every kid what what what
The Rock is cooking
shut down the music that's Rob baby
it is miss yourself here the job you in
championship you candy ass pussy asshole
can you some know what miss yourself is
cooking baby that's right ladies German
today we are playing
dumpy-dumpy 2k7 team baby
all right Bubba do we game let's come
out okay so that's what we're gonna be
playing today
now if you guys haven't watched my WWE
2k16 videos boom go watch them okay
because not even joking some of my
favorite and best videos Bam Bam Bam Bam
Bam
now I heard there is a new game mode in
this game ladies German a back stage
brawl now I'm not sure how many WWE
videos I'm gonna make okay if you guys
want to see more then leave a like if we
reach 10,000 likes I'll upload more WWE
2k 17 okay now which two wrestlers would
get in a fight I have no idea all right
now because of the intro I'm gonna go
play as the rock okay
the rock on 97 that's my favorite and he
can play I don't know who cares
Rollins he's gay Andre the Giant he's
bloody game alright let him play the big
shop okay cause look at him he's such a
fatty look at them big titties I can't
believe what we have coming up in just a
few moments oh wait why did he hit him I
have no idea big show
oh okay my controllers working it's okay
guys I won't do that again I'm sorry
Oh big shop of shit big show what are
you doing no I've no idea what's going
on is he is he shouting five face now
backstage bros if you guys didn't know
we're in like the old WWE games okay
those were the best ones okay I should
make a video on that
oh oh he's got a garbage can no Vic so
sorry guys I tend to get a bit excited
about playing something it's my favorite
places to fight we choose to fight in
the bloody locker room okay this locker
room is very small for a bunch of like
200 wrestlers however many in the WWE I
don't know and to be honest I don't give
a sh which so what you're doing kind of
looks kind of handsome I'm not gonna lie
I would I would fuck what kind of
wrestling move is that he's just
basically just grabbing my neck oh my
neck well this is some entertaining us
backstage broad look all the things I
can interact with like like the door I
love big so come on Mick so all right
we're not giving an entertaining fine at
the moment ready got one star okay we
need to make it exciting by jumping on
and then getting a clothesline from the
a god big show get up you fat shit oh oh
oh I can't hug you
Oh what you doing what was he doing arm
again that's right you can never stop
again look at the rock just staring uh
what do I do
oh my goodness sake you cannot pick up a
box box can I pick you up bucks bucks
bucks I can't pick up the books okay I
just kissed her but like they were like
thick so I think you belong in
first talking how is putting his hand in
the air trash doggy
don't hit me go and hit him down him
down in his fat belly I won't get up get
up fatty get up get up leave the rock
was the leaf rock wants to go come on
rock get your fat ass in there which are
whoa look at us in a backstage room it's
now time for a little bit of
trash-talking
yeah oh my God look look what's on the
TV guys look oh my god that's when you
put some funny on the TV can I take the
TV the TV over how do you like 4k oh no
no no I don't like 4k I don't like okay
oh no I just disconnected it but she
broke my mono okay I know I thought you
I was okay shit then I go and spoil it
all by saying something stupid like oh
he just threw down the monitor okay oh I
did all that for a joke and he didn't
even get you someone around me that's
funny
wait what and it just ends no like
haha I won okay okay yeah we need to get
some help back there guys what okay
listen Big Show I want a rematch okay
this time can you actually just let me
do my jokes
was he sneezy it was like a double dab
that's the new goblins German okay the
doubled a blender it's a big show you
stay on the floor okay I need to make my
bloody 4k television joke gon rock hit
him on the TV Oh should I completely
miss della boarded oh no I don't get
this sort of oh I could can I use this
oh shit I don't get like the props that
we get to use there's like none here
there's just boxes and what is that is
that laundry rock look behind you oh
shit come on Big Show why is the wad
stop double dabbing you stupid
okay I can't push them on the launch it
because there's a cat oh I'm sure what
this poor trash can okay is getting
absolutely crumpled to match ken come on
guys Oh
make sure oh okay give me this bloody
whatever it is shelves come on picks up
picks up yeah oh for goodness sake start
a big show go away it's what a fight
Rock changes from Oh 1 2 97
he's like hey man what's up look he's so
serious and oh one buy nice Evan he's
like ladies pretty much exactly the same
thing okay guys I'm back
sorry about that kind of broke my
monitor for a funny joke but turns out
it wasn't funny okay this time I want to
go up against someone funny should I go
up against the Undertaker or cool
Undertaker Oh shucks oh it like this
grizzly bear I'm gonna go with the
rocker one cuz look at him he loves rock
and roll I can't believe what we have
coming up and I believe it well I can
because I chose okay I get hit so I'm
back doing the backstage brawl I can't
remember what I did and even do last
time
oh look at him this one gone him again
what is he now gonna fall to the other
ones oh he's yeah
now where's you're gonna go oh yeah come
on Oh
again that noise though now the reason
why we're doing backstage brawl is
because I can't remember what I show oh
so now basically oh under take I'm
trying to explain things oh okay just
throw me away now the reason why I'm
doing backstage brawl again is because
when you get a special move you couldn't
like do special Wow
finishes with interacting with the
things on this backstage goal okay look
at the rock he's like the number one
better not gonna feed me Oh Undertaker
please okay I just want to show people
the special moves at home okay people
don't want to see your dead ass
box
what what's he doing oh that's a great
move it's like a piggyback ride oh hey
LEM is willing an attacker you want some
draws danger authorized personnel only
is that an electric box here as I get
the corner I mean get the box hold all
one what raucous electric OOP Undertaker
to death this is a wrestling this is
murder
Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam but I thought
the rocker dude so shit dude love come
on brother
I thought you my my friend brother I'm
not in a funny mood today
fuck it
for sidemount sir move Greg commentary
woo jumpy now okay well I completely
sound stop behind the boxes oh my
goodness the rock like a hurt now I'm
trying to think what other special moves
can I do okay
maybe somewhere in the locker room maybe
if I throw him in a locker okay I have
my finishing move and everything but I
just keep I just like hitting him to be
honest all right let's throw dude love
in the corner no oh my god whoa
whoa killed him but the TV amazing and
the game just ends stop doing the same
moves literally we have zero stars as
our rating right now
because you keep today the exact same
shit okay this is the fourth time he's
doing it if you do it again I swear to
God own always picking up a trash can
how you more than hurt me
wait what's through that door have I
been through that I think the managers
there ok throw them in this room that's
not a room oh okay
wait is this Triple H's office I think
it is it's Triple H here
oh it's Vince McMahon do you think I can
meet wait can I throw them on the desk
Oh can i no way no way am I gonna
destroy his desk oh no his laptop its
iMac okay it is still living apparently
goddamnit
and this McMahon's like goddamn it guys
this is okay I have another finisher so
apparently I can't break the tables what
else do you think I could do okay now is
over okay
okay oh my goodness okay okay
dude love is now taking ages to get down
here wait I think he's actually stuck
okay I think dude love is broken guys I
think we definitely broke dude love okay
it's back again he's fine we fixed him
now
oh my goodness that was crazy okay can I
try them in the locker then a walk gone
try them in there we go hmm oh here we
go
and the game just ends god damn it
okay guys with that being said okay I
think I've definitely had enough of WWE
if you guys will see more double w 2k 17
be sure to leave a like if we reach
10,000 I will definitely do more I've
got a bunch of new ideas for wwk 17 okay
so I leave a like if you want to see
more anyway guys thank you so much
watching and yeah I will see you in the
next video man so the guys love you ba
ba
