Oh Oh did I scare you that or did my
face scare you I don't know either way
scared yeah now before this video starts
I want to give a quick shout out for
loot crate for sponsoring this video
okay now if you guys didn't know I'm
sponsored by loot crate okay a monthly
subscription box where they send you a
bunch of fun cool things okay I look
forward to it in my mailbox every month
okay now this week's loot crate was
hoorah
obviously because Halloween's coming up
okay it came with a bunch of cool stuff
like this Halloween mask okay I don't
know what this is a zombie it looks like
it came with this leather face plushy
look how cute this thing is it also came
with a t-shirt it came with some Freddy
Krueger chopsticks if I ever want to eat
the Chinese food or other Asian food you
know or whatever countries use
chopsticks it also had this book of
super villains okay oh so scary scary
material to read at night they also sent
me this which is a flag okay that's nice
and a whole bunch of other stuff which I
seem to cannot find okay
but yeah I really like loot crate and if
I was occurred Sumer I would definitely
be subscribed to it now if you guys want
to sign up for loot crate and help mess
yourself out then use code mess yourself
at checkout and you get 10% off okay I
would very much appreciate it if you
like what you see anyway guys thank you
so much watching and enjoy this video
baby over hello everyone how is everyone
doing a special selfie and today leis
German we are playing mr. president
bah bah bah
bah-bah-bah way that no that's the wrong
national anthem bah bah
now this game ladies and gentlemen it's
all about killing the president
why no it's not this game is all about
saving the president from being killed
and the president is Donald Trump Donald
Trump more like Donald dump cause he's
our poo so this is the game just jumps
right in is this Donald Trump say
something I'm giving you just died
represent this just in this just II I'm
getting word that yes huh that is
correct
rump is now dead body guard fails this
is live news so rump is dead okay that's
nice oh shit what what's wrong with my
guy he's got a bit of a twitch so what I
was supposed to do I was supposed to
jump and save him okay how do I dive
what a shit what's with the ragdoll is
that meant to be the dive can i slo-mo
it
did I died save the president Jana ah no
Trump
it's a fellow's oh shit well he's
definitely dead I'm the worst bodyguard
ever oh shit I missed Oh shitty I must
save the president and save him ha ha ha
I can hurt me miss save him Oh
I did it I saved him thank house don't
Trump speak oh shit oh okay well oh my
gosh look at his face what kind of
modeling it is I am Donald Trump okay
you saved me Franco very much chicken
China apparently I can press one for a
couple row we are kick what the shit is
that uh one Avery but the thought
everybody was gone for five days dead I
did it okay anyway hates for hip hop
dance Oh Oh shake it for a comeback yeah
yeah look at those animations that's
great oh look a part Nietzsche makes oh
my and guys I'm scared it's coming guys
look look this is this break the wall
what the Shrek the wall come on Shh oh
no he said that liberal media strikes
again
I don't know politics oh that was so
close
damn it I was so close that time hmm hey
what you mean Dodger bird I saved him
and Donald Trump Oh am i Ronald Reagan
and chapter wait is that the whole game
what the shit is this this where it all
started and this is where it is now hmm
some detective suspicious shit right
here oh my goodness what the shit is
this what kind of a mom memorial with
this it's got marks in two and Donald
Trump's mouth of money okay hello
oh shit I forgot us men to save you I'll
let the president die yeah yeah look at
me what as the weirdest backflip I've
ever seen
oh shit okay Donald Trump II bullet oh
shit I missed it that's it it should
shoot me huh
it did shoot me wrong polite bullet
strikes and isn't pile of money oh shit
poor money okay Donald Trump I'm sorry
up shit don't jump please what the shit
is this weekly the press is going to die
brave good the brothers go tonight no
poor drop
he's dead we killed torrid robbers not
know good romp Foundation give me your
money so I can take credit for it
oh that's a nice slogan what is there
any other buttons okay a front-flip
apparently wee-wee oh shit okay this
game is so stupid
hey this is this is so shit hook come on
my sake come on we must say to UMP come
on get up get up okay
oh it's done don't dad Trump come on get
up how long it is can he climb
downstairs they just fall down the
stairs what else does it do quick drop
alive yeah you're bland uh what does T
do um guys over please look how it just
pops up as well was he's finished
crawling why oh shit what is that salute
yeah I'll save you mr. president
bodyguard bodyguard bodyguard thanks for
saving me man no problem mr. president I
salute to you you are my president and I
will do everything in my Rabb man to
save you and I ride okay P oh oh okay
okay
P does estrada take it to 64 my shirt 64
my shirts so sexy it hurts I'm too sexy
for my shirt too sexy for my shirt and
stalling too hard yeah okay was this one
don't run oh shit I just push them over
oh I must save you I'll shit the bomb
quickly kick it Oh Trump
wow he's dead hey fi pushing this way
mm-hmm he saved him I did it
we saved him from Isis drop lives and he
promises more gold shit Oh Trump
okay Jake a job Jake Charlie got the
stairs Trump way guy you Trump Trump
don't do that guns are great just
say that you're fine when you're not
really fine crouch was a Crouch but uh
okay buddy there ain't no does the coach
producer charity Rob dead oh no oh yeah
I'm gonna Steve gonna trip I promise you
I'm gonna go with saved I know twelve I
promise you right now wait oh wait don't
drugs ditch I'm gonna guide em Savior
Oh save them oh shit I flop save them
hmm
oh that's good buddy God huh yeah you're
doing a job ride oh I like that shit oh
I suck too hard guys
chairs money that's not fair no Trump
Trump Trump I saved it last minute don't
finish your self-funded fundraiser wait
what
whoa Trump has a 1 million bear saws
dead or alive one dead boss now a
million beer sauce
Mamma Mia no that's that's Italian oh
shit we're in Mexico we must save them
Greg build them all
no don't build the wall I'll shit oh is
that a Mexican family in a cage and
everyone's just supporting this what the
shit is this game ok well this is nice I
was dizzy twerking he's talking now he's
driving a car what the shit is this game
what the shit is he doing now what is he
now doing a pool are we uh
oh it he's doing is giving arrows Piercy
touch dodge dodge dodge dodge dodge jump
oh shit
your smear come on chappie can't be oh
shit this is hard
go baby president why they barrels fear
anyway in the first place
oh come on Tom looks really weird
without his hair doesn't he look at that
face oh my goodness
quickly give him ours PCR ok I don't
know what oh no don't don't bloody play
games or drive a car we do all right it
is not giving him mouth-to-mouth but Oh
oh my goodness now how the hell do I get
up there but there's the sniper
oh snap hmm yes okay then I did it el
president to live that yeah pizza piea
what's this saved him oh no is this Isis
again oh it's a taco Savin savings over
them is that it I did it yay I'm not
second okay guys I think I've pretty
much got the gist of the game I'm gonna
end the video here nice quick funny
video I like this game it's funny it's
stupid I like it okay hope you guys did
enjoy too if you did
let's leave a like let's try and hit
10,000 things I was watching and I'll
see you in the next video man vote for
trouble a German bad I don't have a job
