hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is mesh yourself air and today ladies
German you guys read the title we are
back yet again with another kitten
update video now if you guys haven't
watched the first kids an update video
boom go click that card because that's
basically the story of how I have a new
cat how that new cat got pregnant and
now I have five new kittens new born
kittens now my last kitten update video
was a month ago and right now guys they
are all cleared up they've all opened
their eyes and they're all running
around they are literally gotten so much
cuter and they actually look like fully
grown kittens it is so cute so right now
guys the kittens are still feeding from
their mother but they're not all eating
properly so we've actually bought our
own feeding kit and some special kitten
designed milk and started feeding them
and right now I'm gonna go feed them for
the first time I am so excited to do
this ok guys as you can see all the
kittens are over here all right now I'm
gonna feed them okay haven't done this
before
alright I'm gonna do this black white
and ginger one first cuz it's the
smallest and I think it needs the most
milk ok so come on there we go I'm doing
it
oh well this is so adorable this is the
Marge adorable thing
there were lined up on Branton no get
down oh he's a hungry little fellow
isn't he
I'm not sure this is a boy or a girl yet
how much have you drunk
they were looking at you doing okay next
one I'm gonna feed the black and white
one because this is the second smallest
okay
it likes being fed so easily
it really is hungry a thing would you
quit you cool oh don't fall black
captain it's a cute it really wants to
be fed next efficient kitty I'm giving
you some just wait for your brother to
get some God's cute he's just sucking
away I can feel his stomach just try to
drink as much as possible it's so cute
oh okay member dis cuter one it doesn't
like say anything he's the quiet
this is the most adorable thing and I've
ever experienced my entire life I am
literally dying inside
mrs. meowingtons ever is getting so
annoying she wants food all the time
okay because we've been giving her food
okay because obviously she needs to feed
her young but she's been so annoying she
wants fruit all the time she keeps
coming into our house and trying
stealing food from us actually I have a
really funny story to tell you guys okay
every time I make myself a sandwich guys
I bring it into the shed and I literally
turn away for like two minutes and mrs.
meowingtons is on my desk right here
eating my sandwich I spent ages making
these sandwiches okay you know what I'm
gonna go make a sandwich right now and I
bet mrs. mountain will just come on my
desk and just steal my sandwich I bet
she is stupid cat waiting outside I know
she wants food okay I've given enough
already
okay let's make a cat-friendly sandwich
what have I got a breaded ham that could
do I got a bit of sausages frankfurters
a bit of honey could chicken slices that
looks nice
okay I'm gonna go with the bread at hand
okay I bet she'll eat it okay this is a
chef Matt yourself part two uh slightly
less funny
chef myself I need two slices of bread
okay I don't know why I'm paying bread
because I know she's gonna eat the meat
inside it okay but uh just for the sake
of the experiment we're gonna do it oh
you should eat some no no need some go
away have a spoon not just a small spoon
should I bother the sandwich max now to
the point because we know it's going
straight through the counts okay but we
don't know actually this is experiment
okay here I am with my sandwich
yawning turn it's dog meowing now in
turn no cowington okay no now we don't
stop it
assume you're eatin okay these
sandwiches for me because she knows look
she can see my sandwich
I'm gonna place my sandwich conveniently
right over here
okay perfect for it okay perfect for the
cat now all we're gonna do is wait for
meowing turn to take it a look look look
she's doing it she's doing it look at
look look look look give me back my me
yo intern this is not right do I hit her
how would she know if she's if it's a
good thing she's doing right now she
will look around me guys this is the
third sandwich she's taken goddamn it
now Anton what are we gonna do with you
now in the last update video I asked you
guys to leave name suggestions for the
kittens okay now I've gone through the
comments and picked a select few that
I've really liked and decided to name
all of the kittens before I tell you
their actual names I'm gonna give some
honorable mentions to some funny
comments that I found but owl said call
one Hitler Taylor said call one ginger
shit cool Wolfe said call it fuck this
person said call it dog FBI 101 said
call it kemal or four log Regina said
call it poo Anthony said call all the
kittens tyrol Ashley said call it Ginga
and lastly Denis said one of the dudes
should be named tittle sucker ii okay
thank you for those named suggestions
guys okay now for their actual names the
black one is a girl so i decided to go
with the name Amy okay someone commented
saying call it Alice but the person who
commented it was called Amy and I kind
of like a me rather than Alice okay so
I'm gonna call the black one Amy
so someone called godly condoms
commented saying we should name one of
the kittens max okay and I really like
that name so I've decided the light
ginger one who was a boy he his name is
now max now the dark ginger kitten is a
girl so we've decides to call this
kitten Lily Oh Lily it's such a cute
name I do love Lily now I saw a lot of
you guys comment we should name the
black/white and ginger kitten of the
missus meowing turn and call him mister
meowing to jr. okay now it's a kind of a
long name for a cat okay I kind of
regret calling mr. mrs. meowing turn
mrs. meow Ellington because it's so long
but I do like that idea so what I decide
to call that kitten jr. okay so we're
going to knock off all that beginning
stuff
and just call the black/white in ginger
jr. because a junior version of its
mother and it's also a boy and lastly is
the black and white kitten now I've seen
a lot of comments saying that we should
call one of the kittens after me and we
should call it messy okay and I really
really really like the idea okay and
because we've got like a bunch of black
and white kittens or cats already I
decided to call the black and white one
the little kitten boy messy ah what a
lovely name so we have Amy max Lilly
messy and jr. okay guys now I've seen a
lot of comments of you guys asking what
are we going to be doing with these
kittens okay that is a very good
question now because we've already got
two cats and we kind of have to keep
mrs. meowingtons because obviously we
can't just throw away she's like pretty
much moved in already okay so we can't
really keep any of the kittens but I
have convinced my mum to keep one of the
kittens okay and I have no idea what
kitten I would like to keep okay so I
really need you guys as help on this one
I need you guys to go get down and leave
a comment on what's your favorite kitten
okay and whoever is the favorite kitten
I'm gonna keep that one and I think for
the rest of them were actually just
gonna give them away okay
I'm not sure who I'm gonna give these
kittens away to you're pretty much well
anyone in the club anyone watching right
now once a killing you're more than
welcome to take them okay but we're
pretty much just gonna give them away to
pretty much anyone what we're not gonna
really charge them money for it we're
just gonna pretty much give them away so
yeah I know what's a kitten let me know
but yeah leave a comment on who's your
favorite kitten and we shall keep that
one okay guys that is everything about
the kitten update I might make another
video on them I'm not really too sure I
think that's pretty much all I can do
with them I might make a video of them
playing with them actually actually if
we if we reach 20,000 likes I will make
it another kitten update video okay but
yeah that's pretty much it for today
guys
thank you so much for watching remember
to leave a comment on what kitten we
should keep and yeah I will see you guys
in the next video Matt see there the
guys love you Baba
sorry commuters all around me are
familiar faces worn out places worn out
faces bright and early for the daily
races
