oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
in this measure selfie and today leis
jamming I am so goddamn excited because
I have a very special video we are
checking out this honor - that's right
baby I have got early exclusive secret
gameplay on Dishonored 2 basically the
guys over at Bethesda invited me to a
secret event in London to capture early
Dishonored 2 gameplay just for me and
this channel ok so shout out to my
homies at Bethesda ok it's always quite
nice when I get invited to these events
ok because I feel quite special ok so
yeah I basically at this event plague
dishonor - for about like 6 hours and
I'm telling you guys I had so much fun
that while playing this games if you
guys don't know what dishonored is or
haven't played the first game you guys
are missing out so goddamn much I swear
it's like when my favorite games of all
time and Dishonored 2 is like a better
version and more expanded version of
Dishonored 1 it's got like more levels
more content
I believe there's like a new character
you can play as Corvo which is the main
characters daughter Emily and emily has
a bunch of new abilities as well so
basically the sonnet is a stealth game
where you play as an assassin where you
have like a bunch of these magical
abilities which are supposed to use to
help you take down your target or
collect information or collect a piece
of items or something like that and all
the levels are designed for you to do
these objectives completely stealth ok
it's basically designed for you to not
kill anyone and to not be seen by anyone
and it is possible to do that but they
do give you the option for like guns and
like stealth darts and stuff like that
it just just just in case you're an
idiot like me because the game is hard
ok but it's kind of hard in a good way
so when you do do it stealth and don't
kill anyone it is definitely more
rewarding alright so let me talk about
the gameplay you guys are watching right
now so I'm playing as Corvo which is the
main dude I've moved a bit ahead of the
game I'm currently on mission 4 and yeah
I think I had two tasks and my task was
to kill Kirin gin - which was some dude
okay and rescue a man called anton
sokolov ok and ha apparently he's being
held captured by Kirin gin gosh
and yeah he's basically in this massive
mansion which I have to go in and do
these objectives in now Karen Jin dosh
is basically this inventor and I think
he's pretty much gone mad I don't know
too much about the level that's pretty
much all I know he has like these
security guards in his mansion and they
are scary as hell okay and if you go
near them they will literally kill you I
think I died like 20 times trying to
kill them it's literally so hard so like
it is pretty much forcing you to do it
completely stealth well I didn't notice
actually is that if you look on their
leg you can actually rewire them so that
they actually are they actually become
friendly to you and they actually help
and go kill enemies for you and also
something else that I know is that if
you knock out their heads which is where
their sensor is they actually won't
detect you they only detect you through
hearing okay
so like it's a really cool level okay
really well-designed I really like that
sort of design aspect of these stupid
killer robots that kept killing me while
I was playing this playing this level so
a cool aspect of this level that I
really liked is that this caring Jin
gosh dude he's basically is this really
smart inventor and he's designed his
house like a trap house and it's
basically like a massive puzzle in order
to get from from beginning right to the
end where he is okay yes they're like
pull levers and when you pull the levers
around the house like the whole room
around you moves and you basically have
to maneuver your way through this like
puzzle house and basically find this guy
and kill him and save this other dude
okay now I think there is also a way
where you don't actually have to kill
him there's like a workshop room that I
found and I think if you put someone in
this sort of like brainwashing machine I
think it fries their brain and like
gives them like I don't know I don't
know what happened basically I did that
when I was playing with the other
character Emily and basically that was
my basically completed the level by
doing that so yeah what I'm showing you
guys right now is basically some
highlights of what I've got around
playing from about for about like four
hours maybe
now what I've decided to do because I
this game plays really good okay and I
think me talking over it isn't really
that great is I'm gonna upload a second
video which should come up boom right
there go watch that but
that is pretty much uncut warming I did
cut it down because I want to show you
the best bits but it's basically just
full gameplay of dishonored - basically
the highlights but a little bit more in
depth and no more brand and talking okay
so you can pretty much watch it which I
really do recommend you guys go check
out because this level was really well
designed and I know why they were
Bethesda wanted to show us this level
because it was really smart how it
played out and when I did finally kill
the target it was it was definitely not
easy so when I finally did kill Kirin
Jin - okay it felt amazing okay and yeah
that's the whole reason why I loved
Dishonored one and I know I'm gonna just
love Dishonored 2 because like the
satisfaction of killing your final
target or completing the mission it's
really really really satisfying but yeah
guys I hope you enjoyed this Dishonored
2 exclusive gameplay that I have for you
guys I'm really excited for this game to
come out alright it's on one of my
favorite games and I really want to make
a bunch of dishonored videos when the
game comes out so let me know what you
guys think in the comments section down
below okay like I said go check out that
that for Dishonored 2 gameplay video
that I uploaded ok it really makes you
really hyped for the game I think the
game comes out November 11 of this year
okay so I'll be sure to look out for
that and yeah anyway guys thank you so
much for watching and I will see you in
the next video man solare the guys love
you ba ba
