hello everyone how is everyone doing in
each measure self a my microphone fell
over hello everyone how is everyone
doing it is hey guys my selfie and today
we are back with self-portrait sticker
truth baby now where we left off last
episode we recruited everyone okay and
now we got to go back to Fatih Cartman
and see what I know thing is that I was
a terrible Malaysian bar and give a show
we are entered Koopa EP cotton gentlemen
thanks to the new kid our entire army is
assembled you're welcome a new kid
deserves to rank up in level yeah to
honor his efforts he will no longer be
called douchebag I won't
I hereby dub thee sir juice base so
douchebag oh look at me get mo gutsy so
douchebag is here again I carry your
Raven has come with news that the stick
of truth has not yet been taken to the
Elven forest hmm it is in the possession
of the by the board oh my goodness the
bard the boat is a level 10 trowel who
can use magic to exchange and destroys
it oh no make haste to the training
grounds Oh shitty okay let's go to the
training ground I'm going to teach you
how to use arranged magic attack ooh
being able to cover spell from a
distance can save you in battle
whoa coming what yeah fart you dummy
yeah yeah now you try
way back from where you're standing okay
cut the magic turn your opponent's
copper pot come on put up put your hand
up your ass
oh yes I did it but now you can see how
you air it a real opponent any magazine
could you come how this percentage to
take it
yeah should you under smart with you
tonight okay he's gonna try to move cop
support is it wisely in batteries I will
and never
never the hands balls okay the bard is
hiding out at the end of the giggling
donkey giggling we must find him before
he's able to take the stick back to the
oven sighs okay okay okay let's go there
it is
giggle it in of the giggling donkey are
you sure the bard is hiding out in there
that's what Twitter said sorry that's
what to carry awaiting change I can tell
your juice bag let's go into it shed not
do the giggling donkey oh the end of the
giggling donkey harbors the scum about
Zara oh my godness
has anyone seen the barn eggy yeah
oh no they weren't was everyone stopped
I love this so much
guys we better get out of here burial
isn't much if not accompanied by some
Bartok poems and songs oh he's got a
room down in the cellar huh and I shall
pay handsomely for his services Oh
butters douche bag go down in such
amounts princess Kenny and I will be
waiting here at murdering remember the
bard can use songs to enchant don't let
him get to you oh no not the songs come
on butter's we will go
hello board look at Cartman I get it
they're like don't douche bag you go get
him to look skinnier you hear him I
don't see him are you hello
but to stop scaring me you're scaring me
we should get the hell out of it where
we had the chance bought
guys oh no it's gonna tell me so battle
back into 12
I shall power up my elven guards with
magical songs and cheeks with magical
songs okay with magical songs betray
magical sounds been changing with match
besides me check
okay I'm skipping this year okay Shawn
okay finally got it okay there we go now
it could be the shit out of all these
else gear went with the meeting from
Stone Davies I don't know she didn't
talk much but boy did she swallow
swallow means curry okay now we're gonna
fight because this game has amazing
gameplay it does yeah okay back in oh my
god there's much fun yeah oh shit he's
reposing oh oh oh oh the main from Stone
Berry who is also your mom oh oh shit
oh yeah everybody's reposing that means
I call him sorry I'm sorry
but this don't be sorry he's a piece of
shit ldiots I'll shit I'm bleeding suck
my balls
I will not do that it went with amazing
from Stone very hot oh oh oh okay yeah
we've had this oh shit
let's go to see your mama
Elena from Stone marry me was also your
mom your mom's oh-ho I mean it am I
gonna fight Junior wait Bucky he's
getting away
finished him up flash me office Chicopee
listen if anyone's gonna finish me off
it's gonna be me okay I mean well I can
fought on this fire oh yeah wait right
what's he do
I'll handle this oh he will you're gonna
go great whoa oh oh uh okay my ankle I
think it might be broken
maybe I should take a look at Oh buck up
oh he's dead fuck let's go to Craig 37
hair cotton needs a help or no coming to
the floor Pete said help him out
being dead now God bitch yelling yeah
it's Bob I like that shit man shove it
calm in his face up okay
he's dead yeah I like violence Shelley
he'll the king my lord make him suffer
just a little bit more should i hey lip
push make it suffer
yes making stuff up after this Oh
butters go heal something to be leading
I mean ketchup took pretty skinny took
upstairs I'm sure they're gonna rape her
no don't know quickly run caught me get
out hey got the new kid while I go
upstairs and make contact with the king
of elves you better not touch princess
Kenny King ah he's dead you're not
getting popped up fucker hey language is
copy ah oh I did it
oh boy okay for the could wait wait oh
don't you dare touch gay we will get -
ah come on quick quick ain't salute
Kenny he's getting a prisoner
oh ok Kenny's fine ok it sound like
something else that I'm not gonna like
wait what can I do I can shoot this
which makes that fall and then that hit
stuck and that hits that and oh I don't
get it
what wait what hmm I guess like oh I
cured it I saved you mrs. Kinney how
badly did they rape you
the door appears to be enchanted so I
can't turn the DA can't hold the
doorknob bar that's cheating yeah can I
have the stick of truth which means I
control universe and I say the doorknob
is okay that's for sure he has a stick
of truth he could do anyway oh no
ladders up here with me and I'm sure as
shit not coming down there oh he's going
up there Kenny and chaunt this elf with
your dishes ok huh Shaun the tippy
that's right yeah
big ol bitties Kenny shut up Alan heroin
of that what's this I've unlocked a new
ability a lightning bolt Oh throw water
on it
Electric sorry but I did it that was
easy peasy lemon ATP mmm I mean guys
come on Candice buddy gimme awesome
nowhere to run Bard
give me the stick of truth give it that
forward now and fulfill your duty
oh no no that's a good get forward now
and fulfill your debt debt destiny
destiny dead forward now and fulfill
your destiny
yeah okay there we go - ROH damn drop
kick his ass douchebag
I will Oh give me the ball oh no oh he's
got rats within the pail
listen I'm gonna fight no bloody right
oh the Russian coming out now the
whippoorwills are the dancers gently now
put your mind to what asleep what the
hell right now we can put me to sleep
okay I didn't have to do this guy's but
I'm after a bloody charming with my
pinkies okay
that's right you see these boobies
boobies come on
I don't want to do furry friends cuz I
don't know how to do it am I ready to
die I think I were meant to die don't
get it what's going on oh my god I could
kill Kenny wait what the shit is going
on for this battle
oh no you made me feel sick mana
overload I just shat myself oh I
literally just shat myself
you swine jagged wine sugar you're a
swagger I mean shagger what kiss him
kenny kiss em kisses kiss me Oh
I gave him gonorrhea wait what I've gone
a real sore buddies come on one fighters
instead I don't wants to be Kenny oh she
doesn't die come on butter's oh did I
crush the game
I think I don't tell me I'd crush the
game oh I didn't open it up come on time
everyone's a critic sticky thighs hmm I
could have weapons the crunch of
weakness I sounds amazing
is it better though huh it is I do dude
ready to leave sir douche bag yes I am
let's go we have the stick of truth is
back where it belongs
thank goodness for your heroic deeds and
valiant self-sacrifice it's a great
battle of the giggling donkey picking I
hereby make you an official member of
the kingdom of Koopa King Oh welcome to
the KKK wait the grand wizard needs to
go night night night night Marlowe
thanks for putting out bedtime for
everyone hey you and your little druid
friends meet we're not droids with
second warriors and wizards oh no what
do we do do we go back home go back home
look it's night time okay let's go back
to my home I guess bye-bye mrs. Cartman
late hon your parents will be worse okay
I'll go home now
what a lovely day I had loads of fun
playing with my friends let us now go
home and rest on for the next thing ah
home at last
let us go yeah oh there he is you make
any new friends sweetheart I made loads
of friends mom and dad go on up to bed
and I'll be there to say good night
something about my mom and dad I don't
trust okay they're really weird go on to
bed sweetie your mother said get to bed
now do it before you get grounded on
such a loss good night little man I hope
you're as happy as we are
everything is going to be better now
that we're in this quiet little Mountain
to deep dive
don't let the bedbugs bite what guys
shit
aliens okay oh my god
what the shit guys what this is taken in
a dream again mr Mackey what was that
reporters what happening Greg no Jesus
Christ oh can we try the big silver one
again no guys I don't want to be anal
probe they're doing to me oh I thought
you out
oh no they're trying the big black one
like Stryker oh my geez I'm breaking
every bloody eina probably they have
what the shit is it stuck up my house is
this your first time getting probed uh
yeah it's a pain but this is the kind of
stuff you put up with living in a remote
little mountain - hey you broke free kid
you have an incredible control of your
asshole I do this is interesting
uh sighs got anal probe and so did Randy
I don't know what to do now wait I have
this anal probe of my bomb apparently
okay so I have this angle probe up my
bum and the part now I can use it now
Oh i teleported I can teleport anywhere
look I'm surrounded by some kind of
force field whoa when you break me free
I can show you how to get off the ship
Oh Randy man I'm gonna be sore tomorrow
wait stop bloody baby aliens okay see
you later Randy I'm gonna go say to save
the world where's Nelion he's gonna do
the spiral off Ohno so far along can I
fart or oh shit Hayley instead
unspeakable things to my rectal cavity
why am i standing here making an audio
knock you out
oboe no it's a whole ball we must save
the hobo from this planet
mmm
quickly alien broke tight what's the
alien special time moon can sweat move
shielded that's not fair
yeah mumumu Momo is dead I didn't kill
the aliens yal is so weak I did Raygun
it sort of looks like a dildo oh yeah
yep that's the lambda containment block
oh that elevator next to you probe in
your asshole should interface with it oh
all right I don't really find this
entertaining so I think I might just
skip to when I find the exit thingy okay
is that okay guys well I'm doing anyway
haha wait there's an audio log
hoo boom converts for food but the only
thing I found are other people's are
knowing useless audio long could this be
another audio look hey far I've looked
everywhere but I can't find anything to
eat just more audio love is everywhere
go to there's a reason I listen to every
minute of every one of them yeah or I
made to the control panel guys how do i
free this guy uh yellow oh oh shit oh I
meant to press the button okay red green
keep going I think you're onto something
yeah find another way what I was
enjoying watching light what yellow
green uh uh
Lu
Oh Green Green Green Green I did it
the guy just wanted me to mess up a
budget Dyson the force fields down yeah
going back we can get out of here I did
it Oh an audio log how amazing I found
something that looks to be food ooh some
sort of green fluorescent oh I'm gonna
have to try and eat some oh no what's
happening to me
Oh No what is coming on uh oh gosh
he turned German port hell oh okay he
turned into Hitler guys quickly go hit
love galleon kiss brew Co Co okay I
didn't really think I'd be trying to
fight Hitler but okay I'll do is that I
killed foot zombie Hitler hobo hell this
games just gets weirder and weirder
isn't it okay I'm back Randy hello okay
let's go home oh no no this again yellow
yell yellow blue yellow yellow I did it
thanks kid I don't know who you are or
if you're real but you consider me your
friend on Facebook now we enter the
alien cock pit okay
wait oh no how do i how do i oh oh oh no
oh great a more five thing I love biking
oh shit that bloody got jet packs Oh No
hey uh I usually go first what the hell
dude is this taking so long to kill him
I just want him to die already
come on twelve out left come on one more
hit one more hit I did
hello the air hostess oh shit look at
this effects CGI effects it's not CGI as
a cartoon
okay
what does shagreen GU who I will make
everyone into Hitler's oh no the phone
confidential is the president yes big
bad government how many people in the
town Oh No get in there and cover it up
this could change everything
oh shit we've got another UFO crash Oh
No
why always America okay back to another
day of South Park
everything seems to be okay yeah it was
all a dream
wait how'd I end up back home sorry
suspicious going on this is so lovely
okay so we're back home the music's
already I think everything's going to be
okay guys and that a large earthquake
and several fires in the South Park area
last night won't many residents from
their sleep Oh No here was a report is a
midget in a bikini what Tom the only
reason huge tents have gone up to cover
this area is to mask the construction of
a new Taco Bell okay that makes sense
Taco Bell okay a new taco bells up and
up okay should we go check out the talk
abou I'll be your friend too sweetie
maybe you look popular yeah mom I'm your
Facebook dad would you add me on
Facebook you can't expect me to pat you
on the back just because you've made a
few friends as soon as you have a lot of
friends then I'll be proud shut up oh my
god they came out of nowhere
what are the huge earthquake Ihnen that
was burning in my yard elves fix a stick
oh no we specifically said no trying to
take the stick at night elves are dirty
little liars and we have to lay waste to
their entire base let's do it then
find a got kids and give them this egg
oh the goth kids okay let's give this
lettuce the Dalton to the dead dog walk
all right let's recruit the goth kids
okay apparently they want me to dress up
like a goth but I don't know how to do
that
hello goth kids remember me who's that
it's me beat it new kid the scenario
strictly for God I want to play with you
guys join the kingdom of Koopa keep to
battle the wicked elves all recruits
welcome come on sorry Frodo
we don't play Dungeons Frodo no way he's
a conformant oh no look his clothes in
his hair get the right clothes and some
cigarettes and coffee and then talk to
us again what coffee it's funny because
conformist is conforming to a society
and there
conforming to our own society so they
are conformist okay so we need to find a
goth cap a pair of golf clubs clubs can
you keep a secret
Buchan I know one that's cigarette you
guys got more whoa they're talking about
cigarettes guys maybe we can ask them
for some can I hit him okay I guess I
got a fighting for their cigarettes all
right I kill them okay and I got
cigarettes how lovely a little birdie
told me I can get some good clothes from
here
it's the hobo there we go okay now
prepare yourself mess yourself is
turning emo look at me I'm a goth now
yeah I'm guessing we get some coffee
from tweek Bruce welcome to my coffee
shop
thanks for helping tweak out in the back
room okay ah let's get some dark roast I
did it I got the coffee
yay now you can go talk to the new the
goth kids look at this guy's they all
know they want to fight me okay I've got
a tactic George goal now run run run run
oh okay never mind y'all can get
requested your presence you can either
come quietly or you can fight but I warn
you fighting this fight at this point in
the game is a complete waste of time and
you might as well skip it just come with
us okay yeah I'll just go with you oh
shit how many elves are off huh they've
taken to me maybe they're dead who could
be the elf king I have no idea hmm shit
it's Kyle what did wizard fat-ass tell
you Cartman is the one you should be
fighting against he's hiding the stick
which is cheating and acting all
betrayed sad to get you to recruit more
people for him we tried to Twitter it
you say you are currently trying to
recruit the Goths for the wizard recruit
them but bring them to us
no I'm trusting you to do what's right
and kid if you betray us we'll tell
everyone you're a funnel no I'm not a
bottle oh no who do I trust guys don't
trust the elves or the humans the board
is now my friend and look I've even got
Stan as a buddy - shut up Stan oh joy
its butthole the Barbarian from the
dungeons of dumbass work it's time for
you to prove that you go against
society's rules whoa yeah yeah you need
to walk right into the middle of that
meeting and take this sign to their
table yeah that will prove your
individuality the cool minutes don't
come back until you have a picture of
that sign taped to the PTA come on
that's funny guys to join me Oh
hey guys I'm going to end the video here
so much is going on man and now that I
met Li else I've got so many new quests
all shall be done in the next episode
anyway guys I hope you guys are enjoying
the series I really am okay I'm having
loads of fun playing this as a series
and I hope you are too anyway guys be
sure to leave a like as soon as we reach
10,000 upload next episodes straight
away and yeah thank you so much for
watching and I'll see you in the next
video man steady guys love you Baba I
have something up my awesome
