hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is mesh yourselfer and today late
shimmer we are back yet again with south
park the stick of truth paper now that's
what I think guys so much for the
support in the first episode it really
means a lot to me I'm so excited to do
this as a let's play and continue it
okay so I think I'm gonna upload the
next episode every time we reach 10,000
likes on each episode okay so let's try
to 10,000 likes soon as we do a lot load
next episode okay now let's go back to
pass Brandon and continue the South Park
okay I really like this game so far so
our current quest is we need to find
Craig token and tweek
okay I'm not sure how long that will
take us all right but uh yeah I'm gonna
try and do it this is up this episode
what is money oh look it's Bart is gonna
follow me now
hello you kids be careful now sharing on
Facebook my Eric certainly has a lot of
little playmates he's such a friendly
boy is such a red name boy
can i for know oh my oh my is that
Spanish yeah okay first thing for us
let's go over to Craig's house okay
which is over here who's this kid hello
the wizard cake says I do ginger to be
one of the humans for pelleted butters
lets me be a squire on the slide Oh
justice for Eloise
oh that's a cute ah shut up stupid kid
piss off snowman that's right I can hate
it now can I go this way
hmm I can oh Faust trouble Oh Timmy
oh oh yeah you move to the wrong around
me made it I got it
karna was sarcastic out hit him yeah I
could play his bothers now cool he has a
healing touch he's gonna watch me it's
my time you asked you're gonna heal me
there you go oh he rubs my back on that
heals me
here you go pal once bought a special
ability hammer of justice or hammers of
storms there's still hammers of storms
beyond that righteous fury oh I'm
bleeding okay
with his magic pupils oh my god that's a
great down potion what a bottle of water
is that meant to be a potion Oh her name
was and now I'm not bleeding anymore cuz
that may cause a sensor oh I locked a
new ability dust of dreams destruct your
fall with magical sleeping powder I just
in the focus yeah okay okay
oh can I loot them who is this girl
sorry but we can't be friends until you
have more friends Kelly hello
connectivity this kid no I cost victim
oh is this Craig's house I think it is
you're looking for Craig oh well he
can't play he's in detention
something about flipping off the
principal Oh Oh get you the guys first
all right Craig calm cuz he's partly in
the school okay let's get the other guys
then okay that's Ben Brady wait well
well I'll be watching you new kid on
Facebook I hope you post a lot of cat
pictures I will I will post one right
now okay now I think this is tokens
house overhead oh no security guard a
community serve we do not allow in the
riffraff move below other riffraff uh-oh
spread what if you try again I will
pepper spray you back to the Stone Age
mornings I wake up with a sore ass hole
wait whoa what the shit I can't go in
tokens house because apart knees just
going to spray me Oh
okay so what do I do now wear something
to protect yourself from the security
guard pepper spray okay okay I have to
go to Jimbo's guns
apparently all right I'm I supposed to
get like a helmet or something to cover
my face Ali there have a chin you before
yeah you must be the new kid that moved
to town
how does someone know me okay all right
shut up yeah okay look I could buy a gas
mask that will protect me okay thank you
bye bye
okay equip the gas mask there we go okay
now we can't pepper spray me the little
pussy Oz bitch
secure a guy remember me you piece of
shit that's right what the fuck I don't
know yeah oh ho oh no I'm gonna have to
fight it okay watch me punch him in the
face okay wait for it
Oh sprinkle dust oh oh ah I did him in
it's Willie wait I did him in as Willie
that just really say that
all right let's use hammer of justice
what's this Oh
hey da da dee dee I just see if it works
oh I was just seeing in the workshop I'm
not gonna hurt him bad
Oh fine oh that's it okay I wasn't great
oh no how is it still on the floor
what's wrong with him oh no he's up okay
quickly use my power an hour oh oh shit
okay that did hurt oh he's dead good we
kick it
oh hey taste bonus he's sound oh no fine
okay I didn't do anything Oh help out
now oh you think you found a new bottom
bitch okay we'll see you later security
guard I'm now gonna go talk to a token
token yeah hello can I help you uh I've
got to let them what's this
no stickers it again hang on a second he
doesn't seem very interested in playing
this game does he token thank you for
that message Trevor I shall make haste
to Cooper key mom can you drive me to
Eric town yay talk it out to me as a
friend to Jesus Christ I'm making
friends left finds him now okay we got
Craig wait no we don't got Craig okay
last first we have to find is tweek at
his coffee shop okay let's go with that
now oh here we go tweek bros coffee shop
boom let's go in
welcome to tweek coffee and coffee made
with ingredients supplied by local
organic supplies oh my gosh local coffee
brewed locally twig twig surprised by
have you picked out the fresh local
ingredients I could do all my side tweek
is Grace and I'm the family business is
relying on you ah your weird shit don't
drink you crazy son of a bitch
now come on way too much to do do your
shit could you go get the four o'clock
delivery for me if you do I can finish
here and then I still have time to play
it's a Kenny's house like always you
give them this he'll give you the
delivery okay just go somewhere all
right a little just came all the way
here but okay let's go deliver it with
shit where's the girl go Kenny's house
and give them delivery I am pretty sure
drugs okay I'm pretty sure okay now I
think we're going to Kenny's house
because it already looks like a shit
part of the of the game it's quiet
Oh
oh this is it for me this is for the
nice people who are written again oh
shit oh yeah yeah we got the package for
tweet coffee
you got the embalm these witch doctors
must be cooking at the secret potion
it's one of its a healing potion yeah a
healing potion hey that's not the usual
kid it picks up the package oh they run
to me it's a kid oh she is it campus
office okay now he's burning oh don't
bother me oh don't kick me by five five
five
oh he's dead I killed I killed the meth
head oh shit she's dead too
oh no all right why am I here again oh
yeah I wanted to get a package from them
I got here get that oh no I get that
route in the process this is the package
I got it nice is this drugs was i buying
drugs okay now we can go back to tweak
and give him his delivery and hopefully
he will now join us yeah Oh travel to me
yeah can I go play yeah where's today's
delivery yeah oh is it
hmm yep that's good shit all right week
you can play for a little bit Stephanie
be home before dark or you'll be
grounded around like refresh grinds of
our all-organic Weakland all with
ingredients from local tweakers thank
you smell meet you at the kingdom okay
who did I the enemy as a friend - all
right guys I'm back now let's go back to
Cartman's house and see what he has to
say okay judy judy
now oh my men are here and ready to
fight for it wait a minute yeah where's
feldspar uh where's my level 12 feet
where's gray oh yeah he's this attenion
what he fucked off the principal so he's
in detention again goddamn it Craig
they've locked away our thief in
detention we have no hope of getting
back to stick of truth
we have to break it out by wishing that
we broke right out of the center we all
got in trouble getting into trouble is a
risk that douchebag is willing to take
wait me
don't worry I will not let you go and
prepared I'm going to teach you how to
use magic meet me at the training
barracks it's time for you to learn
dragon shout dragon shout where's this
tyrant what the shit is tight right well
douchebag but to truly succeed in combat
you must learn to harness the power of
your fights my fault fighting on an
opponent at precisely the right time is
key to battle I shall show you how it's
done but first you must take the
gentleman's oh never ever apart on any
one spot ok parting on an opponent is
necessary but fighting on someone's bow
is it not to the cartridge ragged shell
you must first clear your mind and take
in a deep breath through your butthole
okay do my butthole oh thank you that
was second I was amazing okay okay hold
it in and find the frequency find the
triple date huh fart man can live 100
years and never again witnesses fell so
so boisterous voice - I see could it be
that the dragon bone has come at last
hadar our face Dragonborn now let's try
your skill on a real opponent oh shit
hey pictures Kenny kick him here yet I'm
gonna fall Kenny sir juice bag wants to
show you something surge anything
shellfish is the medical power that's on
you come on hold it in okay good yo
sweet butt dude seriously remember don't
ever do that on someone's balls okay
seriously you have master Jaken why okay
guys we have a request
we need to bust Craig out of detention
and recruit him okay so we're gonna go
into school and bust them out cool let's
go okay here we are guys yes so I don't
want to be seen with you like I'm saying
we are now at South Park Elementary
okay let's go in and break Craig out of
school oh great
Craig bitches detention okay stop
looking at your watch because you're
here for three hours buddy three hours
that's known my name is feldspar and I'm
a level six thief and the humans will
soon rescue me from this power new here
we go fucking Craig Tucker and your
intention just start doing your homework
sir come with me and I've got hallway
monitors working overtime
oh no cigarettes died Craig okay okay oh
we gonna bust his ass out okay you we've
got my word on it okay let's come ego in
the back we can with this music Bernard
I'm Bernard I'm oh no it's the bloody
emos oh I love this low a little smaller
way mo okay you are rotting corpse to me
oh okay what do you guys got to say
there's this cool old dude who sells
clothes on the other side of town okay
that sounds very rude we don't hang with
conformist go get the stuff to look like
we do oh oh is that what you're saying I
have to come back and dress like a goth
hmm should I do that okay guys if you
know where I can buy email clothes leave
a comment for me and I'll do it next
episode okay but this time let's focus
on on saving Craig okay let's go for the
front door then oh you see much school
is out and those students allowed on the
premises until tomorrow at 7:30 a.m.
buddy shut up - oh shit I start a fight
with it I don't mean to do that I was
gonna hit him in the face okay can I use
my magic now I can use dragon shouts but
I need 40 Manor how do I get that all
right let's just be the shower this guy
come on let's use dust of dreams how
about you just yeah oh oh
Oh No ginger boy oh no did you boys
gonna put you down
Oh hallway monitor to the right hallway
oh god damn it hey there they come here
they come you're not getting out of
detention let me out of here in 10
minutes
oh that's a badass shit okay we better
make a move guys because these ginger
kids are gonna come all over us in a
second and not the good kind you can use
dragon sharp by holding G okay oh my
goodness i fighter the shit of them okay
I need this gold key where do I get the
key from do I go to his office I think I
do oh no the ginger kid let's try and
sneak by
come on sneak by me by ah retrieve the
bras key where's where's the passkey you
don't know where the keys may be have to
be of this ginger yeah wow what the shit
oh he touched me oh no good twice behind
ginger numb grossed out come on and wait
I can swap bodies yeah I can now use
Kenny yeah hey
oh no I killed him does he have a brass
key he doesn't protect you have the
brass key we'll never surrender
oh there is I can use my body command on
this ginger what's it doing baby that
was so me as a kid shoot this oh okay
let's fight these guys and look one of
them is already dead okay I really want
to see what Kenny's special ability is
now Kenny can chomp wait Shawn this is
your show boobies again look at this
place
okay okay duck down that's good okay
abilities royal kiss what's this oh okay
those it yeah that's what's fun floor
officer down
we're taking heavy casualties out here
oh no damn it you hallway monitors need
to stop playing around
Radke be some kind of Dragonborn Hey
look there's a detention time not time
to play Dungeons and Dragons to open the
door you need to go okay and you'll get
to go to business
okay which even if he has a brass key he
doesn't made it past the boss level oh
no important okay without glue that's
all we have to do now okay thanks for
telling me that
okay with the brass key I can open the
faculty yeah oh no more boss fights I
live in this kid on the floor crying oh
okay I fired okay that's nice okay kill
this guy all right I forgot for this one
boss battle okay so that was royal kiss
what furry friends oh what's that
Oh Kenny came back what happened I
understand what happens is then did it
again because I'm amazing
wait I know what I have to do I for set
my body - butters because he's a healing
Paladin okay so if I set him and now I
tell him to heal this yes yeah yeah
there you go buddy let's go I thought I
was a goner there were too many of them
they were too strong their hair to read
if you can take the silver key and find
the gold key here is a seer I felt free
Mackey's prisoners free maggots
prisoners let's go now with the silver
key I can go in the counselor's office
and maybe the gold key is in here says
pubes
in this thing but not the gold key
here's the gold key shoot it down there
we go now pick it up
don't lay hands on it before oh okay
let's go is this the boss but that's not
enough intruder uh-oh
where's your Hall Pass uh-oh the king of
teachers hallway final boss time to
write you a referral oh my goodness oh
yeah oh yeah you still think this is a
game young moon oh yeah okay let's go
guys
oh no he's got friendlies to two friends
Oh attack op oh shit okay that wasn't so
bad you're right yes he's fighting now
and I was on fire okay hammer of storms
come on butter's oh no oh yes he's dead
one down yeah all right
two down all right now he's going to
take care of the school your parents oh
no not my parents come on I know we're
worthy of the hey I did it
I defeated the boss awesome that was fun
I like this game I'm really enjoying
this okay let's go I did it thanks for
busting me out kid
riot I'm the new kid is your name
douchebag oh well I'm heading to cuz of
it again all right great yay
stupid Craig that was awesome I think
that's a good opportunity to end the
video there you know I think we've been
playing quite a lot and yeah I'm really
enjoying this game now I think it was
quite slow at the start but now that
we're sort of getting into it this is
really fun and I'm quite enjoying it
anyway guys like I said the beginning of
the video let's try it 10,000 likes as
soon as we do I'll upload the next
episode anyway guys thank you so much
watching and I'll see you in the next
video man
so there the guys love you Baba
my little kid again
