oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
it is mash yourself here and today
ladies Shimon you guys read the title we
are back in again with guts and glory
God's and glory God's in glory as the
theme song I just made up you like it
guys thank you very much so yes these
German today we are back with guts and
glory now if you guys didn't watch my
last guts and glory video boom okay go
watch that shit okay I thought it was
gonna be an average ass video but hands
down one of the funniest videos I've
ever made so basically if you guys don't
know what this game is it's like happy
wills but in three dimensions okay and
they've added a bunch of new levels and
a new car okay so here are the new
levels okay let's start off with
homewrecker
it's Pan Am and Earl's ready for some
drunken fun time to visit the neighbors
fine cabin homes and say hello oh oh my
goodness I've got a new hero Earl I'll
play this god damn girl I got there
ma'am hey what the hell's it's a plea
laptop over here with a buddy play so
god damn Earl isn't a goddamn dune buggy
go damn it Oh smash through that glass
oh wait no wait my bottle of beer fell
on the fell on the floor oh shit it was
short were they watching on TV call me
Susan
oh shit IRA style again listen oh oh
shit
IRA spire don't get get on it oh yeah
checkpoint oh oh shit
okay so aggressive calm down though boss
fuck the police baby please coming
straight from the ground
haha you're laughs still oh girl please
fuck speak to me man
go get bread okay move it go no don't do
this to me Oh what up I got my back I've
got a shotgun Oh
Barris Bow Wow doctor here OOP
I seem to have got a shotgun a baseball
bat and four bottles of beer ten bottles
of Diddy to start hello what roast angel
I was never told that would be arrows is
slightly mark I've never told this come
on don't
me ah okay okay piss off arrows okay
I've got no time for shit all right I'm
writing to the checkpoint great success
mamma mia' pizza boy Wow
downhill fun run it pass and pass
English is my first language
downhill fun run impaired breath I can't
say impressed
hmm look bloody arse like oh my girls my
big belly seems like a perfectly normal
video okay I don't I mean video level
what's with all the watermelons though
where are they going
the world watermelons now leave their
natural habitat to mate oshino got my
watermelon I'm gonna get so many goddamn
pussies oh do you mind will it kill me
ha ha ha wait is that mine servitor oh I
need to get the mind shit know stuff
watch out for the balls
ok what's hard there we go
easy alright blue balls pistol bang on
time your shit whoa blue balls piss off
alright got tons of shit or watch out
for them and what do you know no hands
oh I thought was the end okay
Oh focus camera focus there we go now
you see my baby face all right watch
this
oops ah the triggers to go fast go fast
speed is key I'm jacksepticeye
jacksepticeye a bloody lie to me you
piece of shit you should take it nice
and slow
where's your head it's duck my head
right off oh wow
Oh what the shit is this okay I wasn't
on and checkpoint 13 huh garnet okay
don't think I forgot about the cones on
the Main Street what's up let's go
around it that's right I can cheat oh oh
oh oh wow easy peasy lemon a titty yeah
don't be able to do yabba-dabba
discovered to do stunning with Nick
Robin Hood the rich guy in the cabin at
the top of the hill is a total jerk he
has fortified his castle to keep Oh out
one small step for oh one giant oh it
seems that there's only one checkpoint
and it's all the way up there so how are
gonna be this is seems like the perfect
time to use my slow motion okay get
ready for it oh don't bother me our be a
steak nom-nom-nom-nom stay here a key
fakie maliki this levels harder than my
bloody chapati okay I'm dead huh damn
let's restart oh shit
the shoot because everybody needs a
little sucking on that Madhu this level
and then you may be like oh my goodness
I didn't know he was gonna do the level
and I'm like I know you into the level
huh come on where are you shitting me I
have to now go all the way back to the
beginning first time go first time shit
turn on the epic music okay oh okay well
that was a great stop come on
we are gonna do it first time running
through straight the guidance of Scott
Oh drive dry
okay the next level is called live and
learn no save points in this short but
deadly course Oh No alright let's say we
simply know someone go I'm already dead
easy yeah okay okay oh no oh that's bad
this isn't hot he said it was hard I
died I should play as joining Jimmy oh
there's no chem points we might have oh
shut up son okay up here I'm dead okay
okay okay slow down
boom ah piss off your monster I died by
bullying if I fall off my channel I'd
die cuz I'm falling off my chair like 10
other videos now every single time so
every time now I've fallen off my chair
ever
yeah max there's a challenge for you you
probably won't do that like yeah yeah
fuck that round I'll just cut up Albert
and hope they forget no no oh oh my oh
okay
are you kidding me the checkpoints up
above no don't
okay guys I'm back now I'm not gonna lie
the game is kind of pissing me off okay
but I'm back ready to play more classic
glory I can't you see how happy I am
hahahaha I'm pretty sure this was the
level that got on my titties okay oh
yeah it was not today not today horde
would guess what else is hard would my
chapati maintaining momentum and high
alright now this level seems so much
easier why did I do this before when I
was getting pissed off by this game oh
shit
alright oh shit okay here comes the
comments okay just when I thought it was
better to be easy peasy lemon II this
course starts off easy but apparently
cannons come out nowhere like that I'm
not oh shit I missed it oh-oh-oh-oh
I don't get it is speed key because
nothing's coming after me beam is the
opposite of key because how am I
supposed to reach the bloody checkpoint
today easy peasy lemon e3 oh no the
color oh they forgot yeah fine I didn't
this ball
oh no I missed like okay mr. Locke I
just want to get the check flowing okay
just excuse me I just want it oh my
goodness um jacksepticeye told me that
speed is key so I bloody won't believe
him I did pretty squishy school I look
like a poo man's got a trick that man's
got a trick
it doesn't involve that oh I did it
oh no my back room I spent so long doing
that and I don't want to mess up right
now Oh finished right I see it in the
distance I see it I see it and I will
not stop until I get it I want that uber
SuperDuper that's such a nice word I
like it hard words oh yeah cuz I talked
about my dog rolling oh my goodness what
the hell is this
I took oh no no no go back let's play
where where now ah whatever cheddar
cheese man's gonna do it in like 105 no
the logs gonna fall it oh I'm a little I
believe I believe what the shit is going
on
f is for friends you two stop together
we wait for you at me and it's for
everyone and it's for everyone is
everyone out having master cells house
cook no but okay now what what the shit
I go to the right
okay now you careful door does that okay
epic oh yeah forgot there's a slow liar
slow my mine just use this whenever I
feel like I'm gonna die like now even
though I didn't help at all so what was
the point of me even bringing it up oh
no such source
I got another thing too bloody bloody
God the trade on some of this huh
I'm okay oh shit on mine yes maybe check
out press restart oh come on
- spinny Loki's run up no oh I did try
to build another headboard or I don't
need this log what I'm gonna do the
exact opposite and just go around okay
yeah that was easy as if eat a burger
bitch take a selfie missiles and three
two one you are face up that's right
fear comes at me and I don't beaver
shitty baby that's what I'm talking
about yeah okay now the last level all
great the great outdoors empty sandbox
for testing goofing around
all right so they seemed like an empty
level okay guys I did all the guts and
glories levels I think there was one
that I probably didn't do because it was
pissing me off but you know what do you
want to see me be upset and mean no
anyway guys hope you enjoyed guts and
glory I like this game okay the first
video was really fun to make and oh yeah
I like that this video was pretty fun
too anyway guys I think you guys saw I
was watching and yeah I will see you
very soon let's try and hit 10,000 likes
because if you love me and if you hate
me and don't want to see my whole family
died then don't like it okay bye bye
