hey guys it's mesh yourselfer and today
I have a really interesting story to
tell you guys now have you been
following me on Twitter it's gonna be a
little bit of a spoiler if you have if
you are okay but as you could read from
the title I have kittens okay
and this so god damn adorable okay so
let me start let me let me tell you the
story about the how we came to have five
kittens and one new pussycat so
basically there's this stray cat that
has been coming to my house and coming
to my shed so as you guys can see I'm in
my new shed right now and there's been a
stray pussycat that's been waiting
outside my shed door meowing so I've
been laying it in and it's been coming
over here and cuddling me I don't know
who this cat is he's just some random
stray cat so what I've been doing is
I've been sneaking some of rocky and
CJ's food which I which are my current
cats
I've been sneaking food from inside and
kind of feeding her in the quiet because
she's so cute and like she all she wants
is like cuddles 24/7 so I've been
feeding her and like loving her okay and
she just doesn't want to leave but
obviously she's a stray cat she's not
ours so I've sort of it's been kicking
her out now I've noticed like her
belly's quite big right and I was
thinking is she a fat cat or is she like
pregnant so I was thinking maybe this
cat is god damn pregnant and what do you
know I walk outside two days ago at
night and the cat is in my flower bed
giving birth okay so we're like cats
giving birth so I read up online when
cats are pregnant they seek out like a
good safe area for that too for them to
have their children so I think this is a
stray cat because she came to us to our
family because obviously we were giving
her food giving her love so I think that
she thought it was a safe place to have
her kids so yeah basically she had her
little kittens in our in the half flower
bed and we thought we can't just let
these kittens stay out here because it
was freezing cold that night so we
brought the kittens in to my shed and
now at the moment they're in my shower a
bathroom area now these kittens are so
god damn adorable guys like literally
they're so small I've seen kittens
before I think I got Rocky when he was
nine weeks old and he fit in like my two
hands but these kittens are literally
just newborn they literally fit in the
palm of your hands
they're so small and so cute so I think
there's two ginger kittens there's one
black kitten fully black there's one
black and white kitten like rocky and
there's also one black white in ginger
just like mrs. meowingtons the mother
okay guys so we're at a pet store right
now okay so we need to get like these
kittens something okay we need to get
them some milk and like a proper bed
because at the moment they're just
sitting in my was it my shower okay
that's not gonna do for now okay so I'm
gonna go look around his pet store for a
bunch of stuff I always get distracted
in pet stores because I just wanna look
at the pets on display so adorable
what's this gerbil
that's my gerbil impression
they're so cute I really want a rabbit
now what are you doing buddy fluffy cute
I know I came here to buy a bunch of cat
stuff and kitten stuff bargain
distracted now his greens
he's guess I'd better than me what the
hell is that what am I looking at right
now Oh guinea pig what is just up there
just a bunch of what is it doing what
kind of animal is this it's just a phase
mom it's just a phase okay here's a
bunch of cat foods but we need something
that's like for kittens I have no idea
what to get look at all the options Oh
should we get some catnip okay I don't
think the kittens can have the catnip
but my rocky and CJ got absolutely
menthol for these sort of things look at
his cat look how excited is for this
soft inside crunchy outside tree look at
him he's rolling over the floor look at
the gut ton oh my gosh yes this is
perfect look at this cat bed it's so
soft
oh my goodness okay this is gonna be
absolutely perfect or I could get in
this bed oh oh this is exactly what we
need guys okay oh look there's even a
cat tower
oh yeah look there's a bunch of cat beds
over here now
oh okay so I really want to get a cat
tower that would be so adorable okay
okay a scratching post okay I'm getting
distracted there is literally so much
stuff where I could buy right now look
at that ding it's a dragon that's my
dragon impression well what is this is
this a lizard no it's old loser D okay
I'm really getting distracted okay but
look at it it's so adorable okay I'm
looking at me oh you're looking at you
say no dragon is this what you're meant
to feed the little lizard dragon shit
that is some oh my god that's disgusting
who sees that and thinks nom nom nom oh
my name David is rocky rocky what do you
think about mrs. meowingtons kittens do
you like them
I think rocky likes them Rocky's been
like giving them evils rocky okay listen
to me right now you will not hurt these
kittens okay all right now I know you
look at okay jealous okay rocky we still
love you don't worry okay I don't love
him anymore it's all about the kittens
okay guys so here's what we bought so we
bought this cat bed okay and we
basically brought a bunch of stuff now
most of stuff isn't for the kittens is
mostly for like rocky and CJ my current
two cats but yeah we bought some Falls
we bought this fluffy toy we bought this
thing which is pretty cool
basically it's a heating pillow you put
it in the microwave and it's like a
heated cushion so that will keep them
nice and warm in the night time I also
bought some dry food today because
that's what the mums been eating
we bought its own food ball how cute is
that and we basically bought some like
cat treats but that's mostly for Rocky
oh yeah look guys so I bought some
feeding I bought a feeding set so I'm
going to go feed the kittens okay
because some of these kittens aren't
very good at sucking on our mom's teeth
so yeah I'm gonna go try and make sure
everyone is in everyone's fed and this
is the cat food so we base it's like a
it's like a powder and mix it with like
water and something and put it in the
bowl okay so that's the cat food okay
let's put mrs. Hamilton
all her little kittens in this cat bed
now okay right now I'm using gloves
because I basically don't want to get my
scent on the little kittens okay because
I think the cat misses mountain might
reject her little curds if we do that
okay so I don't know how is the best way
of doing this okay so she's sitting
there at the moment I think I might grab
her cage up and move it into it no
you're playing you want to come in here
know what to do coming hands okay I'm
not sure whether or not I should grab
the kitten because if I grab the kitten
and put in there then I'm pretty sure
mr. mountain will follow maybe she might
do up on her own oh she likes me you
know okay we've been tuned for the for
the past week we have to come in here
well she doesn't want to move them but
we need the cage don't me okay we've put
mrs. meowing turn in their new little
bed okay so all the kittens are just oh
look at them all they're all asleep
ain't that right baby now you're
probably wondering why am i making a
video on this and I'm not gonna lie it's
probably the most exciting thing that's
happened to me this year so I thought
you know I have to share these kind of
things it's just so cute and so funny so
what I want you guys to do okay it's
didn't leave some kitten name
suggestions down in the comments okay
now what I'm gonna be doing is I'm going
to be constantly filming them as they
grow up
I think they takes them a couple of
weeks for them to properly grow up and I
want you guys to leave named suggestions
for the different colors of cats okay
and I'm gonna pick the best ones and I'm
gonna name them later on down the line
so yeah I'll keep you guys updated on
these kittens and yeah just watching
them grow is gonna be so fun and
exciting
I'm so excited they're just so adorable
and it's so exciting I literally feel
like a father okay guys so that's pretty
much it for the kittens again they're so
adorable and I really can't wait for
them to grow up but I've never seen
kittens list small and watching them
grow up is gonna be so much fun
don't worry I know you guys gonna leave
a lot of comments give me a lot of shit
saying oh we shouldn't do this to the
cash and do that okay we're trying our
best okay we're just trying to give the
stray cat a nice home don't worry she
doesn't have an owner we took her to the
vet she doesn't have a chip okay she's
completely stray and we're gonna
completely look after her for the first
nine weeks we've bought are loads of
shit okay as you can see we're taking
good care of her okay guys so don't
worry anyway guys yeah leave a like if
you guys want to see more kittens update
progress and yeah I'll see you guys in
the next video man so there the guys
love you Baba
