it's about time you showed up
did somebody order mechanic yeah I did
like an hour ago where have you been
nobody outside posing so what seems to
be the problem so basically I've got a
problem with my car it's in the back you
might as well take the toolbox with luck
okay so it's a what seems to be the
problem the bloody what I'd enjoy that
where's the book just follow me
basically
yeah it's here we're talking about me I
want you to put that on and fix my car
this is a virtual reality headset are
you having a bubble you bring me into
your house tour again with the fix is
part really well it's pretty simple just
put it on no no no no no I've been
calming it no that was a job it is a job
a job simulator
alright let's go check out this absolute
mess don't have to deal with some auto
auto mechanic here we are we are lovely
jubbly
Oh let's get its job done yeah it's an
accurate simulation of auto mechanic oh
I know it is alright we've got the chain
we got it oh we got Manny to drink oh
yeah with antifreeze now the thing about
is antifreeze guys you need to remember
you can't be drinking it or you take one
sip of some Springs me back to you
turbulence happens often in virtual
reality or something sometimes you'll
actually feel like you're in we've got
my very own radio session I wonder if
they're playing my favorite song
but once we get the skin in the bloody
bed ready
you wanna take a bit of sauce ready all
right you're gone it's running on
potatoes it's right here towards Mexico
maybe but Qunari lives you can run your
Korres on potatoes but not in bloody
America let's put this car down all
right there you go
nice job let me just fit it take your
glasses all right there my daughter's
now pissed off granny actually before
you're gone I have to write you up okay
I don't know what the bill is gonna be
oh shit and your total comes to five
thousand and eighty nine dollars woman
alright next job now pulled
the Train Oh starting his new car Oh
human yeah I got this coupon for a
sleaze pot special whoa so hurry up and
take care of my car establishment you
piece of shit by sabotaging a car what
you want me to sabotage this car and
make more money
sleeves Bob I like the way you think and
how can we absolutely mess up this car
Oh watch this Oh battery don't need one
of those may now instead of a battery
now this causes a fluid energy drink he
needs new headlights does he how about
you have one black one and one white one
doesn't matter
black or white that's where you go why
don't we spice up their gas tank with a
little secret
normal cause gas we don't want that deep
reach there we go there we go there we
go there we go a brand new car gritty
Lube wait Lou have some tires on the
house mate and here we go another coupon
for you your total con stuff you really
earned my patronage okay
all right bring on the next car first
thing it wants me to do is replace these
every day my vserver bourbon is replace
these all good okay that's it it's gonna
pop down All Right see you see you there
Phil all right no this is gonna work now
for you what you're gonna need is a new
muffler
y'all wanna bring your ass down of
course Oh God say no more say no more
now you're probably not gonna agree on
this sir
all right but all the new ladies they
love a little bit of big girl right stop
don't spray your whole car pick there we
go on a brand-new pickup don't you look
good new home and you ain't gonna get no
pussy with this ottoman Tanya
Sam's gonna take this out throw that in
the bin Oh somebody sir wait what that
shit is this hood ornament afire does
that mean if I put stuff in it it will
give me what what what NATO boo
commander $4,100 is that okay
oh yeah can you not catch you dumb shit
okay it's okay I was just pretty off
another receipt okay I'll charge you an
extra $200 but you not catching I
couldn't pansy Thank You connoisseur now
it's all pull down the chain pull down
the chain come on next customer yellow
human you're gonna do my grunts Lee from
what is distinct in Mother Russia speak
don't smell smell smell stink you I will
stick up an honor and the horse by for
you there we go that was oh is that okay
that's really killing me maybe there we
go an air freshener for ya cyka blyat
what do you want now I will print off
the receipt for you these are ten
thousand rubles or how we say in my
country $3,700 that means your best how
many calls to watch to fix today oh look
at this stupid little woman in the worst
day oh my god I'm like having the worst
day ever so I was driving my car and I
went into the garage and I totally
stupid oh my god is tight I like so bad
oh my goodness they always well what
wait what this Wilson don't look boom
there we go
pretty sure
my engines overheating - what oh my
goodness I'm like pretty sure that my
engine isn't working - but your mechanic
you know what to do oh my God look
you're so bright so what I'm gonna do is
just grab this hot sauce you know you
know the hot sauce and just like just
drive off all this smoke with this hot
sauce okay nobody convenience store if
you guys if you want to go to
convenience store go watch my
convenience store level shameless plug
kill me tell my wife or lover which way
Susan or cow she's a bit of a bitch or I
don't tell her don't tell her lover I'm
going in gasps could that wanna give you
a stupid slushy and drink like a fat
bitch your total comes out to love
$6,000 oh my gosh this is the guy this
is the guy who wrote to me hey yes he's
on the run guys
this is the guy that robbed me in
virtual reality last time okay so I will
I will give you a paint job that's no
problem
how about the lovely yellow is that nice
yellow guy
okay I would give you gas just don't
give me you don't need that anymore I'll
give you a new one that says okay you
wanted pine cones yeah
all right you got fully green listen
dude if you want to go totally green you
gotta replace this battery man it's
using so much like energy times gonna
take these out have you ever heard of
flower power dude
awesome stuff it starts green did not
really far out solar comes down to a
gnarly 2800 oh yeah see ya what do you
mean see we could do by the bill Oh No
the robbers back the robbers luck right
look you want me to take apart this car
just give me a second let's go to this
turn this careless oh no course not
it took me a lot of fun where you park
my car valet bot Oh to change who the
shit is this it's just a bleep gangster
oh yeah man you want to give this new
car a little bit of paint job I'll do it
in some fucking pig
shit dog put some forward dice in your
car man oh shit I dropped it if you want
to be a player put the hole in the back
of the car now the purse work it donor
you shit man nice pocket on them total
comes up four - jeez you know how these
I think this is the last job guys hey
bad bloody better be bloody and the
thing is you can't bloody run around in
your car with a bloody lemon you forgot
this oh I don't recall and they don't
piss all by myself you sour little so
shit okay his car is not running well oh
shit
okay his car just exploded oh she just
bloody granny from the star the game oh
it's it's a guy oh he wants me to
decorate his car well nothing says
decorations then bloody you don't I
don't want them to break this juice on
the car okay gal myself and the tall's
two grand
oh yeah I got married you're ugly pick
up a wife that's lame - my shift
it's quittin time lads ok guys I'm gonna
end the video here plenty oh this job
Sims all these jobs are so much anyway
guys I'm gonna end the video here leave
a goddamn like as soon as we reach
10,000 likes I'm gonna do more HTC vive
stuff hope you guys enjoyed anyway thank
you so much watching goodbye
so acting like a pig it's funny because
our pigs don't actually sweat they
actually obvious way I don't breastfeed
your kids ok because everyone needs a
little bit of soccer aunties in the once
in their life it's about time waiting
for ages you want me to go hello meow we
use good
would you mind not swearing over Kappa
Lee's ok
