oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
it is messy selfie today we are gonna be
reacting to the worst parents on huge
now I have made a video where I reacted
to spoiled kids alright so videos that I
think you know like the kids are to
blame because they're being spoiled
little brats
but today's video we're gonna be
focusing on like parents who like I
really mean to their kids okay and
pretty much just go too far by
destroying like their personal stuff
okay now I'm pretty sure most of these
clips are like fake alright because for
some reason people like watching parents
destroy their kids stuff and film it on
YouTube for some reason but you know
what I'll let you guys be the judge of
that okay I'm gonna take it as if it's
real alright you filming us you know I
know this fat ugly month alright and she
looks like she's gonna be pranking her
son maybe he's a bachelor GTA the masked
kid like eight years old alright you as
you're always playing GTA 5 juveniles
this game is meant to be for 18 years
old I'm pretty sure that the game has
titties in it alright are you eight year
olds looking at titties on GTA 5 okay
that's kind of weird alright alright so
he's playing GTA she's taking out the
disc no she's going to destroy it this
is for pranking me for the dog ice cream
and put his mom talk ice cream and put
is bogies so dumb enough to eat that I
mean look at the size this little fatty
ok I'm not surprised she bloody ate the
ice cream it's for pranking me today Oh
ice cream no no no
kidding me are you freaking kidding me
mom are you freaking kidding me know
what's gonna buy me a new one
nobody oh my god this is how spoiled
kids are the first thing that he thought
was like well maybe you should have
bought now before you gave your fat loss
mom so bloody duck ice cream okay I said
what if I dreaded that to my mom should
bring out the bloody slipper on me ah
brakes
no one oh this poor kid well okay three
pointless all right what's gonna do with
the case okay I mean I mean if I wanted
to punish my kids I wouldn't play
destroyed their stuff all right I mean I
would find other ways of properly
parenting my child and not making them
hate me by destroying probably the one
game that my child loves the most
okay my child is gonna hate me after
this okay all right I'm not sure this
clip is real but regardless this is
terrible parenting I swear to god TV
from Craigslist home and he put Williams
Xbox off to it the test to test it okay
okay okay so from from what I can
understand is that a son and his dad are
currently fighting because the dad
brought a I bought a TV from Craigslist
and he's using his son's Xbox which
probably the dad bought for the son
probably using his Xbox to test out the
TV and the kid is complaining about the
dad using the Xbox that probably the dad
bought for this kid
oh whoa nowadays because Indian
household okay I don't see the big deal
that that's just borrowing the Xbox just
to see what the new TVs like he's just
gonna give it back to him it's not like
he's taking away his xbox he's taking it
away for probably one evening can't this
kid go one evening without his bloody
Xbox oh well any of you kids don't act
like this stupid dumbass kid I just said
he bought the Xbox I know the kid
probably bought some of the games but I
mean if he bought the Xbox he couldn't
do anything he wants to this Xbox all
right especially for borrowing it for
one evening what is the big deal I do
not understand
oh my god this key to spoil Oprah okay
this video was meant to be focusing on
bad parents but oh my god I don't care
this kid is a little brat you just
destroyed to his case father's new
oh it actually makes me just feel
embarrassed that kids are like this and
act like this all right anyone tell
these kids to respect their parents okay
I mean like your parents brought you
into this world
all right the least you could do is sort
of respect them until you're 18 and then
when you leave the house then you can
sort of do your own thing but Jesus
Christ man
the disrespect on some kids it's
unbelievable man you should always just
at least respect your parents even if
you disagree with them all right you
don't have to you know like
like take their opinion because they're
your parents
it's such bad parenting okay like this
orb environment I think the parents are
to blame to an extent because they're
creating this sort of environment for
their kid so that the kid thinks that
it's okay to do something like this my
kid wouldn't even dare think about doing
something like this all right because he
is getting thrown out on the street if
he's doing anything to my bloody TV how
do you want to get near you like that
okay there's no way a parent no way okay
well Rodon kids you just destroyed your
father's TV I don't even have the words
for that is just embarrassing I would be
embarrassed as a parent to upload this
sort of kind of thing on YouTube man you
are a terrible parent madam and
obviously not forgetting your son is an
absolute asshole all right because if
he's doing something like this
all right he's clearly crazy in the head
and you clearly went wrong somewhere in
your parenting okay that's messed up
that's there that's my stuff obviously
it was oh
Oh Stevie you paid more than 20 bucks
but 400 bucks he doesn't even know the
value of the house you about this get
the house just your house yeah house oh
no you're still going and getting the
house his parents not care no you go
with me son what kind of kid would think
daddy's gonna get his xbox back after he
just destroyed his dad's TV all right oh
if you're gonna run it over oh I hope so
that would be amazing some space where I
am oh I am taking this xbox and driving
away okay well there you go oh my god
that's how it ends right the dad just
drives away and this catches friends
after him we're gonna do kid we're so
bad Jesus Christ okay that clip actually
made me cringe in real life I can't
believe something like this would
actually happen and this is why I think
this clip is fake okay because I do not
believe any parent would act like this
in this awful situation okay and yeah it
seems a bit extreme in my opinion all
right but who knows it could be real
there are some messed up dumbass people
in the world all right and it could
happen who knows well you just did break
his TV I'm not okay yeah you just break
his TV you guys both went overboard yeah
a little flowers okay and you're gonna
have to pay him for that TV I think whoa
40 50 bucks 50 bucks 50 bucks okay okay
oh maybe it's not a big deal actually
okay so we got another clip now it's a
daughter and a mom
do you hear anything I just said
do you hear anything I just said oh no
no that's it
destroy the phone into the pool okay I
don't believe this again alright at this
clips gotta be fake alright guys I'm
putting a big fake on this clip alright
okay so it's they just randomly just
started fighting out of the blue like
that that the conversation was fine a
second and then the next second you know
she's just angry and throwing the bloody
phone in the bloody pool alright not no
conversations no arguments escalate that
quickly all right it happens like over
time alright and yeah they just so
happened to be recording at that point
alright so yeah I don't think that's
real all right but if it Israel you know
I mean why did the mum get the door or
the phone in the first place you know
all right so we've got some kid and
she's playing ps4 pretty much okay he's
playing Tom Clancy's Rainbow six siege
alright so everything seems okay
is this a parent filming or how what
happens
okay is this Clips boring what the hell
is even happening alright so he's going
black ops what's happening oh okay I
think the dad just came in no what
happened
what are you doing what are you doing
playing games he's doing a bonfire he's
telling him to go outside he's all new
yeah yeah what's the big deal or you
could just go help my dad
oh no no no no he's thinking the same
oh did the kids spend money on these
games oh I kind of feel bad because
games are expensive you know they're
like 60 bucks
move boy speaking with a bonfire oh
don't fish about this you can get burned
a bonfire okay your expensive man ah
this poor kid what was he doing go ahead
and listen and learn but I mean I mean
that's not really how to parent a trial
burn give them like a time in their fur
and then say finished by this time and
then help me don't just burn their games
all this kid's hope you come outside
when I tell you to come outside and join
us on the bonfire instead of all day
playing video games now you've got your
video game there they are oh there you
go enjoy it
oh all right so is this clip real again
guys do you think do you think this
clips real because a part of me says
that it's not real okay because it kind
of escalated I know we're all right and
the filming kind of seemed a bit fake
but I don't know regardless I don't
think that's how you parent a child okay
destroying their games like that you
know like I said before you know tell
them oh stop playing games by this time
and then you know come help me with the
bonfire all right and yeah either
they're Stan's crazy or this clips fake
I don't know
but regardless terrible parents okay
ladies gentlemen I am going to end the
video there that was me reacting to some
of the worst parents videos on the whole
of YouTube if you guys liked this video
then leave and
like if we reach 30,000 likes I will
happily make a pot - all right because
for some reason if you actually search
up onto YouTube you know parents destroy
kids whatever and you'll just get a
bunch of videos because these videos get
so many views and I think that's why I
think most of them are fake all right
but you know you know who knows all
right some of them could be real I don't
know all right I'll let you guys decide
okay in the way those thank you guys so
much for watching I hope you did enjoy
and I'll see you in the next video man
slowly guys buh-bye
