hey guys as much help in now before this
video starts I want to give a quick
shout out to my sponsors tornado energy
okay now if you guys didn't know I'm
sponsored by tornado energy drink okay
and now they've been pretty good to me
all year round okay they're pretty cool
guys so I'll give a quick shout out okay
go down description check out their
Facebook page I'm pretty sure they've
got some really cool girl competitions
coming up okay and I think they've got
like a sponsorship with like explains
drones and something they've got they're
basically doing some really cool things
so go check out their Facebook page
anyway guys enjoy this video look a lot
before everyone how is everyone doing it
is is sexiest youtuber on YouTube but
your boy mess yourself hey hey hey
ladies today ladies showman we're doing
a little bit of a vlog type shit video
okay all my videos are shit let's be
honest now Lay's German I found this
really old outdated website called
Facebook now I'm not sure if you heard
of it okay
now I've completely forgot I've got a
facebook profile and I've got a Facebook
page which I don't use anymore the last
time I uploaded something was the 27th
of July 2015 but no guys we're not going
to be going on my shit Facebook page we
are gonna be going on my horrible
Wow okay it's what I had a bit of a
cringe warning okay have a bid on this
thing in about a couple of years okay I
don't know what the hell's are gonna be
okay here's my shit profile I don't even
have a cover photo let's add a cover
photo that's nice okay I've been a
facebook is such a bloody long time oh
no what the shit this is blood even is
okay first let's have a look at my
friends I have no French to show they
ask you how you are you say that you're
fine
you're not really fine you just can't
get it okay I don't have any friends
okay but that that I did have friends
okay but I deleted them because I was
scared fans we've tried to add some of
my friends in order to get to me
alright let's check the About section
I'm not sure if I wrote or anything on
this what the shit apparently I work at
tandoori nights what the hell's that and
Dorrie nights Indian kazoo cuisine what
the shit is is an Indian restaurant I
think one of my friends must have went
on my profile and wrote this because
they thought they were funny cuz I'm
half Indian it's so bloody funny because
I like to eat the courier I studied at
the University of Natal in South Africa
and I also studied in the University of
Oxford and Oxford for Indians okay haha
very funny guys my date of birth is 5th
of May 1995 okay my gender is male
remember that gender guys you nearly
forgot but that one didn't you and I'm
interested in women
ladies at your religious views and
political views why the shit would I do
that okay my relationship is single spin
like that for a very long time sadly
okay now I want to go scroll through my
timeline but I think first let's go and
see my photos okay just going to give
you a bit of a cringe warning this is
gonna be a lot of pictures of me from
schools okay I don't know what the hell
this photo is okay they must have taken
it while I wasn't paying attention okay
I commented saying I'm sexy deal with it
that's right I knew when I was talking
about in 2012
oh god 30th May 2012 four years ago 21
20 19 18 I was 17 years old
whoa Brandon no need to swear why am i
swearing at his picture like I'm mad I
look oh my goodness 2012 damn this was
four years ago - I was 17 as well hahaha
what is wrong with me why do I look so
good I've disgusting look at that what
the hell is wrong with me okay this was
me in school in my school playground
look at me I'm so happy frolicking what
the shit is this okay I think this is
from a Halloween party I think I dressed
up as a prisoner okay that's nice oh no
oh no there's a bunch of my prom
pictures here ah I look how cute I am
here ah so adorable
look at my friend ha ha ha here's me add
my principal I might like to show this I
don't give a shit he was an absolute
prick but look at him he's so happy I
know so happy we're like a happy married
couple why was I so god damn sexy look
at me okay you like my hat that's right
I wore Fedora to prom Oh God here's a
lot of pictures from the last day of
school in England we did this thing okay
because we wear school uniforms on the
last day of school we all write
something nice on people's shirts I
don't know if you ask me it's a stupid
tradition but I'm pretty sure everyone
in England does it what the hell's going
on here I'm so happy when my high or
something with the hell I commented
saying oh yeah oh yeah indeed ha ha ha
what the hell's going on here are we
starting a conga line up from look at me
Bing
leader of the conga line that's the kind
of kid I was in school baby oh shit baby
that's what I'm talking about
I remember at prom okay everyone started
like crowd surfing okay and then at one
point someone was like let's go right in
the goal and I was like oh guys and they
all just pick me up a side crowd surfing
me okay look how happy I am I'm
literally the top of top of my world
okay right now that was a good day all
right that was that was definitely a
good day yummy looks now you guys
probably don't know this is an
interesting fact for you okay you see
that guy over there his name is unknown
player
okay he's actually another really big
youtuber and if you guys didn't know we
went to school together and we were best
friends and okay we actually started
YouTube together okay so uh look at us
being best friends in bloody school he
looks so young and adorable I love him
so much
god dammit why we saw such an ugly kid
back in the day god damn it what does
shit is oh yeah this was my pathetic
birthday cake I was 16 years old but we
didn't have a six candle so they gave us
a 15 and a one thanks candy that's very
nice of you okay I think this was me I
think I was 15 years old doing my
homework why am I so angry
I remember this picture what the hell's
wrong with me I think I did this when I
was like 13 look at our face
Here I am sleeping in class okay we've
all done it before
look how happy I am oh my goodness what
the shit is this January 2011 five years
ago - six six I was 15 here for a 15
year old I was pretty cringe let's be
honest I literally can't keep looking at
these pictures without cringing I swear
to God look up I am yeah are so adorable
damn why was this such a good-looking
man what the hell is this picture say
something I'm giving up on you oh my
goodness look at this it's me an unknown
player again oh my goodness he's gonna
hate me for showing it I don't give a
shit okay he's a youtuber I'm allowed to
show his ugly cute little face goddamn
it we're like a gay couple look us it's
this yet another house party Jesus
Christ how many house parties about gold
- OH
me with a sexy lady over there Jesus
Christ look at me fun Bobby these gutter
girls these bunch of girls were about to
take a nice picture and I was like no
it's all about me maybe my face it I
swear oh oh my oh all nice to do as a
kid is just go to house parties what the
hell I'm doing a pissed okay that's nice
to see what am i doing am i curling my
eyelashes ha is this another house boy
how many house parties did I bloody well
go to oh shit I remember this so guys if
you guys didn't know when I was like 15
I actually was in the school play
okay we did Beauty in the Beast and that
costume was meant to be cogs were
another clock shit in beauty of the
Beast that was me okay it's not gay
trussed up why am i tagged in this
picture of this old Indian man serving
curry oh dear oh dear oh dear oh dear
okay I think this was taken literally
when I was like 12 or 13 why was that
what was with my haircut what's wrong
with me okay that's pretty much all the
pictures okay
I'm sorry forward a cringe I did not
enjoy that one bit but I'm sure some of
you guys must have liked that okay let's
go on my timeline oh my goodness I
haven't seen this in ages posts from
2012 Jesus
Christ that it's been four years since
something's happened on my timeline oh
yeah of course the last thing that
people are posted on my profile was
happy birthday to this did airing what
does anyone do people still do still do
this oh look my latest facebook status
from 18th of September 2011 roses are
red violets are blue I suck at poetry so
show me your tits
thank you John he said he found it
absolutely hilarious look at me with 19
likes that's right I was popular all
right here's another facebook status how
has a year 7 got a thousand friends on
Facebook did she start getting friend
requests as a foetus I really could not
spell good I don't be jelly cause he /
she knows more people than you winky
face
shut up Nico your piece of shit like
this if I have ever made you smile or
given you advice and it has 22 likes not
aimed at anyone but some people think
because they have an expensive camera
they can call themselves professional
back in the old days we said our motions
with words not crammed into a facebook
status IP on the side of the toilet so
it makes less noise the very nice I
think that's my most popular Facebook
state is yet with 27 likes like this if
you hate feet I'm sick of people
complaining about their family problems
everybody has family problems shut your
mouth stop complaining and deal with him
but why was her such a savage god damn a
15 year old Brandon was a straight
savage don't worry Voldemort you're not
the only two-faced person in the world
why do you have so many profile pictures
like I really care what you look like
today compared to what you look like
last week what why was I so mean god
dammit I don't think anyone must have
liked me in school there must have been
I thought everyone's like me but looking
back on my statuses I was a row also I
wouldn't like me if I saw me god damn it
to all the girls who think they're
better than everyone else you're
probably going to look like my toe into
any his I wish I was a woman
they actually have it so easy
oh god damn it man what the hell was
wrong with me Jesus Christ alright I
hope you guys enjoyed this okay I don't
use Facebook anymore if you guys want to
keep up with me I mainly use Twitter and
Instagram okay and they're both mesh
yourself okay so that's the only two
things I use hope you guys enjoyed let
me know if you want me to look at my old
tweets okay that could be a fun video
but uh yeah anyway guys be sure to hit
that like button if you love me because
I love you and I will see you in a next
video man
slurred guys love you Baba
