how is everyone doing Phoebe's mess
yourself fair at the day ladies Sherman
we're doing something a little bit
different okay so I went out and go over
bleh bleh bleh bleh bleh bleh no no
hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is mesh yourselfer today we are playing
games obviously so mess yourself went
out and bought the oculus rift the new
one okay so I've been thinking I want to
start doing like a weekly virtual
reality series where I play like a bunch
of oculus rift games or like HTC vive
games shit like that if you guys think
that's a good idea
leave a like let's say if we reach
10,000 likes I will start doing a weekly
virtual reality series so today I'll
pick three oculus rift games that look
pretty cool but so I saw so yeah let us
play it okay shut up while I say shut up
okay I'm sorry
Diddy's oh shit what is this do the dead
sounds bloody scared eeeh okay guys this
game is called into the dead okay now I
think it is a game where you Shh
what the hell there's different game
modes okay let's do classic play oh my
god Oh
oh my god zombies are all behind me oh
my god
zombie oh okay okay get away okay this
game is bloody wait all you have to do
is keep running for as long as you can
bullshit what is that okay I got a bunch
of shit okay okay
after Joshua zombies was this green
thing what's this green
whoa okay brother alright now I have a
bike oh this is awesome
this is so awesome what is this ow or
reload
oh no I ran out of bullets run run jump
wha look at me Paco what is this what's
up what doggie chainsaw Wow
Doki oh my goodness so much is going on
but why not further chainsaw chainsaw
can run forever
okay leaves I'm gonna scary this is
scary oh okay okay stay calm
shake up up let's all be right next to
be bolt oh wow I have 5689 coins so that
means I can afford huh no I can't afford
anything oh my good I can get doggies
haha I can get blitz the fierce little
Greyhound or whatever shit is called
carry Oh Titan Gordo shitty this game
has actually got a lot of shit here man
fat oh my god oh my god whoa look guys I
now have a shotgun ah doing one baby
door come
oh gosh ah well gosh ah that's right oh
oh yeah go shut off the cornfields Oh
was an explosion oh I'm going faster I'm
going faster you stupid old zombie no
biggest gamers awesome man I love my
little doggy it just comes in and saves
the day for me I'm not gonna lie guys
this has to be one of the coolest games
on the oculus rift okay it's me killing
zombies okay I made something really to
it but it's just scary but I'm just
running for my life where zombies are
all around me can try to survive well
not really because I've died like 10
times gosh bitch
that's right doggy say my life right
there I love doggy we shall call him
Rufus Rufus we'll save the day come on
Rufus ride with me yeah just don't have
to shoot him just just run past them
okay they didn't do anything to be all
the cornfield okay ready chainsaw oh oh
no oh no died oh my god
would you Bob they're all so close to me
I'm scared guys I'm scared I really want
to beat my high score but it's so big
guys I'm on mm okay I could beat my high
score could I beat my high score
tune in next week oh no oh no oh no oh
I'm about to beat my high score I'm
about to pee for high school oh god do
it
yay oh no oh no how did I make that out
of the light okay now this is just easy
okay Oh easy okay I kind of got used to
not dying that was a good record hold on
buddy yeah okay ever not this new mode
stand your ground
the zombies are closing in on you whoa
okay I'm standing here
zombies are common for me the zombies
are coming on me aim yeah haha em poom
oh oh shit I don't suppose you want to
eat my face but
wave one complete oh no guys up knees
are gonna come look at this stupid girl
she thinks I can't see ya
you can't see me
oh no look at this bitch running piss
off ain't got time of your sheet oh no
guys they've moved me now they've got
cornfields oh no guys I don't think I
could take this oh no oh no this is so
scary
guys I don't like it when they run
I don't like it when they run it's scary
yeah oh no tensile okay okay that's
enough okay that was that was the zombie
game oh my god that's actually so cool
okay that was into the dead definitely
one of the coolest games or Nakhla
stripped okay we've done the horror game
alright that wasn't really a horror
all right let's move on to our next game
okay
oh fuck music oh I know when the hotline
bling' alright so the next game we are
playing guys is floorplan now I haven't
heard much about this game I think
you're an elevator and it's like a bunch
of puzzles whoa I'm in an elevator
whoa what kind of room is this is so
jazzy and shit yeah look at it it's so
chill
I can go on floor 12 huh okay we're
going to floor 12 what is this why is
the music so mystical ah
are you missing your chest oh do I put
it on it I do oh I got a mug you calling
me a mug you stupid oh I've all of new
floors now let's go to floor for what
what is going on Oh what the ha ha ha
can I give you this mug he's like no
don't do that
shut up wait is a coffee machine can I
fill the cup with mocha coffee monkey
walks do you want some coffee
oh yes yes oh all right fine you piece
of shit I'll take this coffee at
somewhere else he needs water this is
confusing guys I have no idea wants us
to do let's go to floor 500 mr. snowman
you want some coffee
ah ok we get it you toward coffee where
he's got a shoe okay piss off mr.
snowman I'm gonna go to floor 6 alright
hopefully see you later
oh what's this mr. drama I don't suppose
you want this coffee do you he does
what I'm just gonna go take this key oh
my god guys spooky it needs a padlock
and I have a key should I put it in guys
whoa the floor is lava
oh that's the helmet that that little
shit needs in the first thing oh whoa
the shovel came out okay now we can go
to the graveyard and dig up the grave oh
oh oh my god mr. drilling man you want a
skull no oh oh my god oh wait no it's
chasing him ha ha oh no oh my god oh
really oh no oh no okay I scared the
drilling man but I don't know what to do
now okay well this is just great
whoa oh I can make it fire oh no oh no
oh no guys kilted well I just killed him
so I can now take his hat take your
shoes oh that's one shoe okay now I to
find this other shoe and it's helmet i
lock new floors what the hell a gumball
I just suppose you can give me a gumball
what's that a kicky way kicking me oh
you know what guys I think he wants a
coin like what the shit all right
cold pies I did not realize this game
was this long okay now floor 9 Oh pinky
I've got an idea
maybe the piggy has some coins in him ah
because he's a piggy bank floor 1000 you
think Greta just grabbed my daddy's we
have a second this plant has now got
water comin up from upstairs or maybe I
can burn this Oh water
money I'm gonna go take this money and
give it to the piggy bank I bet he'll
want the money I'd give the hat to the
piggy bank you want this ching-ching
dollar dollar oh he ate it you took out
a coin okay with this coin I bet I can
go to the gumball machine and give it to
him take this coin oh shit okay okay
okay
the coins too big for him can I throw
the coin or I can
okay I'm on floor 11 if I put this coin
here and then I go all the way to floor
1 whoa
the coins now small okay mister gumball
machine here you go look at his eyes
light up he's like yeah give me that
corn bed okay all right now the question
is what the bloody shit do I do with it
oh my okay okay I need to he's dead
wait guys I have a really smart idea if
I put the gum ball on this floor and if
I got all the way to the big floor and
now I can use this ball to go bowling ah
all about yeah yeah bang yay I got a
strike
what the shit I got a magnet gun and a
brick what if I grab this break
oh it's gonna jump out okay well I don't
I don't see the point in out I just
killed that man can this do anything oh
shit umm wrap this what's that Abbi I
can put the B on this I can now go to
the another floor haha this is so cool
okay we are now in the basement okay am
i drowning I dodged let's check the
cemetery oh my got the shit um oh okay
okay we now know where the Julie man
went Gombu okay thanks for the gumball I
guess
Oh a snorkeler whoa okay guys I got good
views of how to complete this game so I
looked it up I'm supposed to give this
piggy the gamble for some reason Ted
take it you and now he's gonna give me
LLL Chuck what what you call me piece of
shit parently I meant to click on this
guy take his arm and then I go another
floor and I get his arm okay okay I
think I was was a goal to the basement
make my elevator full of water and
whoosh blunt if you like that plot what
does shit is that uh what does shitty
okay so this plants dog must go through
like all the floors right oh there's a
plant should I take this chewing gum
that the piggie gave me and put it that
do it I can here be whoa the bees got
the shoe the glue stuck a shoe grab it I
can now give this man back his shoe oh
yeah okay now apparently with this arm
that I have I have to take meat out of
here there's a fishy
quick quick now go to lava go to lover
okay
now yes there's no more lava a fishy
you're gonna get the Hellmouth of me he
is guys I've done it I've absolutely
done it I can now give the helmet back
to the spaceman here we go spaceman
there's your helmet boom we're done I
did it mom
whoa shut up
oh whoa what happened
hello whoa question mark guys I'm going
to space oh my god
I've got a space button up there to
space Oh guys guys oh oh oh oh
guys guys I'm going to space 21 oh my
good
whoa that was cool man what a nice cute
little game how prettier okay guys I'm
gonna end the video here I was going to
another game but you know what I've been
playing that this is that second game
for so long that I think I'm gonna end
the video here but oh yeah I really
enjoyed these two games they were both
really really really good so yeah if you
guys do want to see more VR stuff I'm
thinking one video a week that we do we
are then beetle be sure to hit that like
button and let's try and hit 10,000 to
sort of show me that you guys want to
see it anyway guys thank you so much for
watching I really enjoyed playing this
game and yeah I'll see you in the next
video man so there the guys love you
Baba I'm so hot in this and I'm also
very hot wearing this oculus rift is
random
