/ hello everyone how is everyone doing
it is your boy mesh yourself at the
dilation we are back yet again with
another video now interesting fact about
little mesh yourself is that 35% of my
audience are bloody females 35% I've
bloody dick please well I hope they have
babies some of you may have small
titties oh god I shouldn't be saying
that now I'm actually really surprised
by that number okay 35% that's a big
number
so I thought leizerman let's devote this
game to the girls so I try to find some
games that were directed towards girls
and I found this does gold games cold
out you gain our website devoted for
girls wanna play games ice queen pool
day that sounds fun BBF selfie time okay
that sounds good Prince that's gone bad
oh shit what happened why should go back
the lost puppy I must find out what
happened to this puppy and why is he
lost I will try and save you my lost
puppy I love this music
okay let's start the game
nice puppy my task list catch the wood
nut how's that help what what the shit
do you say I can't hear you bloody music
still - shut up music what do you say
click the puppy clicking wake up you
stupid dog Wow puppy making that's quite
a noise what the hell I swear to you
I'll find your mum no Brandon shadow no
guys we're gonna have to put the puppy
down
whoops sorry Rufus I'm so sorry okay you
find your mommy but I'm hammering a
bloody stuffed dog I don't know what we
should do a puppy okay oh shit
yeah multiple choices I should go find
my mummy it's too way to wake up why
don't we take a rest again yeah okay go
back to sleep uh P okay it's okay your
mom's probably dead okay there's no
reason to worry just go to bed asleep
okay wait what you're trying not allowed
to get things wrong oh okay let's go
shut up dog you piece of shit we go wait
what maybe he knows where my mummy go
what looks like he's too busy with
himself
yeah look at this squirrel it does look
pretty busy so let's ignore him
Oh wrong answer hi good morning mr.
squirrel I think I mean I'm just looking
for my mommy you know my mom is dead so
I have to go find her you know any kind
of Sora what the hell was even mean if
you want to help me catch my walnuts
I'll show you which direction no mommy
took don't bloody bloody what's the word
I'm looking for
hello babe that's me I've got a really
important task for you okay
yeah there's this puppy that's been lost
okay and the squirrel knows where my
mummy is okay but he told me the only
way I could find him it's a for help him
find his nuts okay now what is he doing
to me right now
well don't say what is it Portland okay
okay say if you come to me I'm like I
lost my mom yeah okay but imagine you
lost your mum I'm like I will only help
you if you suck my Willy what am i doing
to you right now
extortion extortion yeah what the word
I'm looking for blackmail blackmail be
sure to include this funny conversation
in the video but it isn't okay listen
you stupid fool
stop extorting me and blackmailing me
you piece of bloody oh you're so tricky
mr. squirrel yeah you're tricky picky
cheeky piss off screw on the helping you
what you mean dunk on the head Oh what
what what is this
am I meant to be just a memory playing
oh I'm gonna drag it oh okay catch the
nuts these nuts listen you stupid screw
how hard is it just too bloody put those
bloody nuts in this bloody basket
why got a chuck in the air I've got an
achievement little angel
I did do it thanks for helping me your
money had gone straight through this
part the other side
you can√≠t almost right away your pieces
Thank You mr. screw I'm happy coz I
nearly found my mama ugh okay I'm so
hungry to walk I have not anything this
morning
oh you think I'm thinking mr. puppy it's
a bloody squirrel and I want a candy bar
a pause agent Barker what is that
cocaine or a bloody I don't know let's
see the cocaine are you kidding mrs. go
I have no cocaine I don't know what the
hell we want send the burger aha I
really want to try it what am i playing
mr. screw you my journey
okay that was chapter one exhilarating
gameplay let us hit the mall now and see
where if we can find my mom
oh no fucking the road which one do my
momma choose my ass give me a bunny with
a hat know what the shit is that my pull
am i playing whack-a-mole Iraq the malls
and they leave they like oh no time for
this shit okay our one
was
Oh
oh shit bread I'm so thirsty like I had
no strength to walk huh all right bloody
some kinky shit lady's shoving his pipe
in my mouth all right the last level now
cure the puppy okay I better find my
stupid mom she better not be bloody dead
what's up
woof woof woof woof oh shit wait wait
what why did why not just jump into that
Bush ow poison ivy elsewhere you get
with you dumb shit jumping brushes wait
what
there is a poppy jump in through the
bushes but now he looks so hurts shut up
you stupid Oh No it seems that wound is
really bad we should take him to
treatment shut up not just say my mum ok
nice - bloody save the poppy by
blow-drying the leaves off now wiping
his wounds
I mean his tears okay now and I was
going on I'm scared guys I'm scared they
want to take me and my mum my our way up
let's adopt them wait I want to be
adopted
what the shit kind of ending is that
okay let's play best friends forever
selfie time that sounds fun I think
it's bloody Anna and Ariel
oh uh what do i do just just them up oh
okay is that it
shove I took the selfie that was the
game let's play Ice Queen pulled a that
sounds fun oh I scream all day
it's bloody Elsa I felt an ice queen
bitch oh it's an otherwise games where I
just dress her up okay it's fun and that
was the game what is my life gum okay
let's play princess gone bad
what the shit let's play Daisy's plumber
all right finally a woman with a proper
job I swear to God if I to dress up this
stupid girl okay I mean I bloody shit on
a dead lady's plumber puzzle oh this is
this is great for that down there I did
whoo what the hell he punched him and
yet that was a gun sound effect what the
shit on and get it
and he took the drugs what the hell's
this secret makeout oh we're just thrown
straight into the game do I have to kiss
kiss mwah
what is the kisses I lose Jack cheating
Elsa kissy what Elsa is watching kiss
Rapunzel and don't get caught with what
kissy oh my god with a shit Elsa caught
me cheating oh man you're not meant to
get caught GE the small device on
purpose shit Casey Casey oh yeah I give
you so much now when I go to court again
high school prank it's just a prank bro
high school friend the pranksters before
they do pranks wait why I just want a
bloody kiss what does that what kissy oh
they were talking about us kissing
that's bad
shut up prankster piss off oh yeah
kisses shower let's go piss off Ranga
kissy Kissy
why does a boy let the prankster just
bloody be a prankster they just he
pulled the fire alarm oh she's a whore
monitor oh I get it now she's meant to
be watching the halls but she's too busy
being a whole office love the shit
assist
ah yeah so I'd kiss the shit out of me
oh yeah oh we're meant to be doing on
Excel spreadsheets what I don't give a
shit because I want to bloody kiss you
so much just kiss her for me look I've
got twenty sixty four kisses
it isn't bloody time I'd work it oh you
guys kisser
oh hello hello oh just just making sure
you guys are back at work
oh sorry I got a photo take this ooh you
may now be kissing oh this game is
called from geeky to popular oh God oh
shit man look at that nerdy girl with
the glasses oh she's got braces too
that is so lame Oh Charles you came wait
what what he came where did he come
oh I can't it you only get games
attention huh maybe you should get some
of those glasses and walking you're
perfect
you ugly bitch click on our doors to
remove them because no guy likes girls
with glasses if you have glasses you're
an ugly girl click on the eye to inside
contact lenses that's nice put the plot
in there because I don't know how that
helps me but this shit I might have to
put up contacts in the right uh okay and
the other one goes there all right
am I pretty now or what clean her teeth
remover braces
I realize that easy okay don't try this
at home visit your dentist talk to him
about removing your braces okay at least
at least I'd know how braces actually
work I just scraped my bloody thing off
do you realize that the whole point of
braces to make to fix your teeth not
bloody buddy recomm now I got to take
out the braces what is this game and now
she's pretty
look there's James this is your chance
go for it oh look I'm Moroni she looks
so different oh hey that's not that this
is my friend a makeup artist she'll help
you look awesome for prom tomorrow night
what the shit is this a blender oh now
God dress her up my favorite part listen
if you want boys are not with you just
go out this completely naked that'll
make them notice you for sure if you're
ready to go click here yeah sure I'm
ready to go this is go naked wow look at
that girl she's so elegant
look she's gone completely butt-naked
wait who's this girl
do you know disco no she's one of my
fans fans would have fans she's too ugly
look at her gloss it's ridiculous braces
I should have known James only cares
about what a girl is looks on the
outside he is so much different than you
Charles you will always be looking out
for me can I maybe be your girlfriend
and his face turns red and he said yes
I'm gonna end the video in this was
girls gold games dot shitty games
alright so let me know if you guys want
me to do more flash games I think I
might start doing some flash games okay
I actually pretty enjoyed myself playing
this so I yeah Levi like let's try and
it 10,000 likes and I'll do more shitty
funny flash games
hello guys thank you so much for
watching and I'll see you in the next
video - Larry guys love you bah bah bah
