don't
oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
in this mess yourself we're at the Dale
a gentleman I am super duper excited
because we are finally back with the
seams fall baby oh my goodness I haven't
said that in like five months so yes
ladies um we are back with the best same
series in the whole of YouTube but with
my penis shaped house yes it is a penis
okay every single episode people like
guys so no one ever noticed before did
this house kind of looks like a buh buh
buh buh penis yes guys is a bloody penis
okay that jokes like 20 episodes old now
there may be a lot of you who actually
haven't watched any of my Sims videos so
let me give you a rundown on all of the
characters first things first we have
Brandon okay the most good-looking sim
now I don't know who he was modeled
after but whoever he was okay he was
goddamn good-looking look at this guy Oh
who's this could this be Brandon's
coffin Oh
listen guys you dirty little shits okay
I'm trying to introduce the video here
now this is Brandon's wife okay slutty
mixed slut face or whatever her name was
I don't know why I called her that but
look it up she's just so goddamn
beautiful god damn it she's the mum I
never had
now Brenner and slut have two children
okay we have the lovely donut look it up
going on bloody Facebook and Instagram
and whatever kids play these days on the
computers oh my goodness someone be
blown to my top now next we have my son
nugget again he's a little bloody
computer - now over here we have Kelly
okay now in an episode we cloned slot
and we got Kelly okay so this is like
slut sister okay I don't know who she is
I don't know what she is okay but she's
here okay Brandon okay I know you want
to get with Kelly okay but you have a
wife okay don't even think about it but
Brandner dad has dope now because we
have slut I thought it would only be
fair to have a man version of slut
so this is baby slut okay he was sluts
son but now I met aged him up so now
he's a grandad I don't know that this is
a very wage series okay now recently we
thought it'd be a good idea to find baby
slot a girlfriend okay because look at
him he's getting old
he's gonna die any day now okay so
lately introducing okay lady baby what
wait where's she somebody once told me
oh look at her she is flat look at she
know she's hot stuff better so this is
baby sluts wife a lady baby no I love
but definitely not least we've got
Uranus baby slut went to an alien planet
I had a one-night stand with an alien
and we got this girl hi guys I'm
secretly an alien you just look like an
alien but if I were move for disguise oh
oh now you guys are probably wondering
what are we going to be doing in today's
video now quite recently the sims
actually added an update where it's all
removed gender barriers okay so
basically you can make like like
transsexual like characters in the game
I think that's pretty cool
I think a game that's probably played by
young girls okay it's very good way to
sort of educate people in the sort of
the world that we live in so well
on sims I actually like the new update
now I'm not trying to make fun of
transgender people because I think it's
awesome but what I thought would be a
good idea is if we gave everyone a a sex
change okay now this is not to make fun
okay it's just quite funny to see all
the other characters with different
genders okay so let us go to great
assume okay we are now increasing as you
can see we can customize our gender so
physical frame we could turn into
feminine feminine in immonen oh oh oh my
goodness uh why am i more attracted to
you now that you're a woman oh look you
can even choose an option of whether or
not you have like a penis you could
become pregnant or get others pregnant
okay uh Brandon I think you should keep
your penis
I think I'm not sure okay what about
Kelly Kelly would make a good looking
man I think um okay I take that back
okay I want to see what slut will look
like as a man oh my goodness I'm
actually quite scared oh my oh oh oh
this is so weird to see the will change
okay I'm gonna do everyone else
okay what about nugget um what okay it
seems like I can only give gender
options to teens and older
okay so Uranus you will stay as it is
for now
okay I'm gonna go give everyone a little
bit of a makeover okay I'll see you guys
in a second
choo-choo-choo-choo Jiang
okay guys we are now back baby now I
took a little bit of a break alright
because I decided to give everyone sex
changes and I was like what else do I do
with the video okay so everyone now has
their bloody sexy change so haste baby
slut Oh as a woman oh did I just see a
baby's oh shit
daddy's hanging out am I allowed to show
this I mean she's a man but she's now a
woman oh no guys I can't think straight
cuz the titties look okay let's have a
look at lady baby oh my goodness
see what she meant to be a man okay she
should dress up as a woman
but she kinda looks like a man looking
out with a pretty makeup I'm pretty oh I
love my shower jordu yum-yum-yum-yum of
a fat bitch now okay calm down
and then of course there's me oh my
goodness okay look I guess it's just me
or I look like a good-looking woman damn
her what would I do if not if I had a
girl like that hello oh oh okay I'm sad
and here's my wife the beautiful
muscular slut and slot is talking to
bloody nugget oh my goodness okay nugget
it also has titties okay and there's me
with titties
everyone has bloody titties hey guys I
got an idea
let's go suck each other's dicks oh look
a bloody doughnut okay
yeah you wash them dishes okay she still
no she's a woman sexism yeah yeah okay
now there's a reason why I stopped
recording and now starting up again it's
because ladies gentlemen there has been
a new Sims 4 DLC added to the game so I
thought for this second part of the
video we will do that now if you go to
the bottom right you can see that there
is a new tab where we can buy our own
restaurant now lays German I have
already created my new restaurant are
you ready are you ready to see this
beauty well
it is so here is my beautiful restaurant
now guys I actually created this from
scratch okay so now let's go to the
bottom right and let us now open the
business welcome to chef mess yourself
look at me I am cooking with my wooden
spoon what you cooking man
smells like bloody tomato soup and
bloody uh pull the plate first let's see
what is on Lee menu Oh Oh all we serve
is water are you kidding me
all we serve is water we cannot have our
business if we only serve very water can
I add anything else oh we can add the
expression that is French right or we
can add some our cocktails like this is
Sims number bulletin the granny smash oh
I love smashing the grannies wrong oh oh
oh the CFR the cubed juice Cupid juice
that sounds dirty a fizzy fruity drink
zebra juice wait what okay now the
French they love their wine okay so I am
thinking we will have a red neck doublet
Wow oh it's so it's so nice just even
thinking about it
oh okay now for the appetizer
we are break dupa we have Marco cheese
uh de fromage and Mac okay now let us
sort out our main course mmm
oh look at the options that we have we
have hot dogs
oh I love eating me a bit of dog spooky
cookies Oh sugar cookies banana yogurt
banana yogurt gone oh I feel so hungry
let's just use everything num num num
num okay now that chef measure self
hustling menu okay we must now hire out
our employees okay now I wanted the
whole family to be a
in our restaurant but for some reasons
not letting me I don't know why but it's
letting me have old Brandon as the
bloody chef for my waiter we can have
lady baby and for a host we can have dot
Darth Vader I think that's it I think
that's all we need to have a bloody
restaurant day oh wait what is people
already here are they going on a bloody
date
oh yes Susan I can't wait to bloody
undress you when I get home your bloody
pants okay for one second we can't go
anywhere with you Gary
all right I hope you guys have a lovely
date who else is in my restaurant oh
shit we got Tyrone over here hey girl I
can't wait to hit that ass when I get
home baby oh yeah we gonna make me do
that ass homey oh my god Tyrone stop it
okay what happens if I click on him I am
NOT very happy about the wait times here
listen shut up you stupid spoiled brat
hello and welcome to my restaurant I'm
gonna take your order
yeah Oliver and burger please Oh what
would you like Phillip oh I would like a
salad please are nothing too fattening
up she's gone oh okay oh me are familiar
faces wait is that
that's meant to be thoughts Veda so
that's what he looks like when he takes
his mask off oh good okay
sorry we don't have a table for four I
shut up dog vada Oh back to chef measure
yourself what is he cooking now oh
bloody prepared
what's this food you prepared order up
oh I'm gonna get up
who ordered the bloody hamburger oh that
was just flirting
listen you bloody hos okay Tyrone wait
no that's not Tyrone look at bloody a
lady baby she's just third-wheeling it's
probably the most Awkward date I've ever
seen you guys gonna bloody kiss or
something oh just can eat your food
you're gonna smell your bloody salad
wait what does this guy Jacob puckery
should I order a drink from the
mixologist
hello bartender I would love my favorite
drink please of course woman that looks
like a man I'll prepare that to you for
you right now la la la la la la la okay
that was it grab your bitch oh maybe
doesn't la la la la oh oh very nice sir
oh wait hang on a second I've got the
whole family over here wait good no
family now work in the restaurant oh
pretty selfie listen guys piss off if
you're not going to bloody work then
bloody piss on out of my restaurant
Jesus Christ this is so stressful oh
look at this guy he's bloody eating
alone oh I put a guy yeah oh like the UH
de Burgos but no meat and no buds
yep that's right just an empty plate
certainly sir coming right up Oh
uh just you just you're really clean the
dishes then you just drop them lady baby
no no no I don't care this is the end of
shift okay you guys just leave that
bloody plates on the floor I'm not gonna
lie I don't understand this DLC okay I
made my restaurant okay I was pretty fun
but I don't know what to do I'm just I
just feel like I'm watching wait wait
who's this guy Tyrone your bloody
cleaning up the dishes now are you know
jumping from the bloody floor Tyrone
Kelly why are you bloody in your bikini
okay come on now this is no way to act
in a restaurant Brandon how's the
cooking going
same shit what come on Wow Oh apparently
nuggets asleep where she asleep up oh
okay
on the bench and there's a fight going
on okay The Sims 4 laser German this
baby slut and other baby slot okay and
now the kissing why is there two of them
and why are they already kissing and now
slut sleeping on the bench I forgot a
stupid sentences okay this is stupid
it's all game stupid what's going on and
now they hate each other oh my goodness
maybe maybe if you were to clone
yourself you would probably hate
yourself but you would definitely kiss
yourself I would I would definitely kiss
myself
okay guys I'm just going to end the
video here this Sims video has been all
over the place I am so sorry okay I need
you to off get back into the Sims I
don't know a lot of you guys been asking
for it and I do actually have some
really good ideas but this episode I
didn't really know what I was doing I
thought I would just jump in see my
complaint
so what yeah if we can reach oh no let's
say 10,000 likes I will start up The
Sims 4 series again if you guys have any
ideas of what you want to see me do in
the sims leave a comment ok um yeah it's
all it's all fun and games I'm sure I
can think of some really fun ideas left
to do in the Sims I'm sure of it anyway
guys thank you so much for watching and
I will see you in the goddamn next video
man see you later guys love you ba ba
