hurry up no you stupid of course there'd
be an error look at Mario Sonic down was
beautiful hello everyone how is everyone
doing it is hey me Mario at the daily
Sherman we are playing Mario & Sonic at
the Rio 2016 Olympic Games okay guess
what gate so as you can see Nintendo yet
again cashing in on their amazing
franchise okay we're going to eat
Olympics now for some reason I
completely forgot that was Olympics
going on this year okay probably cuz it
was happening in shitty Brazil
okay so here's me I'm gonna be JA ok so
this game pretty much is just minigames
okay I don't know why I've sat on the
beach who are all these people on the
beach Bowser what do you want to say you
look at least a little bright I bet you
know that some team events in olympic
games require me okay Linda
shut up Bowser no one cares yeah you
knew all that not that it will help you
when you go against me but uh give me a
handjob with your hand I mean what
pigeons mess up bitches okay that's
right I'm never going to Brazil okay
pigeons flying everywhere thinking
they're the bee's knees dr. Eggman so
you got it me where from Mario Sonic did
you ah
sup Wow ah wait these machines that to
meet up with folks around the world ah
okay shut up I don't care
Oh Daisy how's my girl doing Daisy look
at me hey oh oh oh shit my stretching
badass shut up okay now farting around
listen you all but get let me play the
games
oh my goodness look at all these bloody
minigames football rugby beach
volleyball alright so what I was
thinking for this video guys I'm gonna
do about half of them okay and maybe if
we reach 10,000 likes I'll do the rest
of them okay okay first thing I want to
do is boxing look Donkey Kong over there
okay now I'm thinking Bowser will be
that shitty out of everyone
okay so let's be Bowser Bowser versus
Daisy what how the hell is this
is this bad well I'm pretty shit out of
you Oh we'll know bigger shit out of you
I am how's my bow impression oh you say
thank you okay here we go
round one come on Daisy I float like a
bona fide I think I could punch me in
the face
you are we listen Daisy I'm getting
beaten up by a girl come on Bowser get
your shit together yeah no oh shit she
starts ISTAT me I don't care if you're a
baby the shit Oliver oh my goodness
she's bloody vidi vici Adam easy she oh
my goodness round ones already over
shit chippy the shit outta me she did hi
I float like a butterfly sting like a
browser
the girl she won't tell that bitch I
mean I mean fair fight their fight I
like showing up uh uh buddy
Jenna - Jenna - Jenna dude stop punching
me here it's not that it's not fair
fight okay she's so small like quick
around me fine tell me not to books but
I told him I did alright next I want to
do gymnastics baby because I want to see
my baby girl peaches sex ass princess
peach lines off
Oh Oh peach Oh Oh what are you gonna do
with us batons go yeah go I like it I
like the way shaking no diggity I like
the way you work it no diggity oh wait
Oh sexy Oh tickle it again oh wait Oh
jay-z I mean not easy grip peachy if you
saw majestic I love it
damn it each spoke over the hands ah
b-plus I thought I'll be plus one I want
you job first
okay I'm a better player than stupid
donkey gum hard good okay next we're
gonna be doing the 100 no we are doing
the four times 100-meter leeway okay
that means okay someone will come and do
the baton you grab it take it and then
you run to
okay I have to think I have to pick okay
I have to pick my four players okay
Sonic okay gotta go fast I'm also gonna
pick tails because he was always my
favorite look at him he's so adorable
cocktails was the original furry okay I
can tell you that right now
okay let's also pick vector the
alligator interior crocodile alligator
I Drive a Chevrolet movie the $8 okay
and lastly let's just pick waluigi
because he's funny
while this is sense remote buddy luck
run sonic gotta go fast gotta go fass
hey laughing go on tails you sexy piece
of 36a oh no B oh no the one you want to
get a interior fuckig alligator they go
they go spin why don't we throw a low 80
Wow I'm sorry I'm sorry
what the hell was that okay I've seen
everything boy next I want to do a quick
question what answer
Siri yes grand all right uh gimme that
ssassaror I need to ask you a very
valuable question all right Brandon why
would you be so rude you piece of shit
what you're something Siri I need to
know how to pronounce a word but I can't
know how to pronounce it so should I
spell it for you here's what I found on
the web for hardcore gay porn the type
Brandon likes
Siri how do I pronounce a q ue e questa
i n mister iron okay today we apply
eQuest iron whatever man is a game where
you ride horses okay I want Baby Bowser
jr. go ride that horse big I mean what
on Pasadena ride that horse dick like
you mean it
yeah and spit why are you spinning on
horses oh shit I just wrap into the bowl
what if I just run into everything hey
running a dairy free oh gee listen you
whores you dumb shit stop failing no Joe
say stop it you're hitting everything
stop doing this come on Rosie you can
still redeem myself
just don't okay don't all right ho see
uh go go let's score a goal we're gonna
horsey I think I messed up Bowser jr.
I'm so sorry man
I just wanted to be a little bit of a
horse in a baby please don't beat me man
wait I still ain't fast I ran it through
everything on purpose okay I'll take it
all right next we are going to do BMX
rhyming okay I want to be this alligator
again because let's be honest okay it's
really the best buzz in the sonic
franchise look at him listen you about
er come back here listen guys just let
me win Oh what force means in a row the
house should I do that look at while
away gee he's prolly pedaling for his
life is pissed off you stupid dinosaur
Yoshi but oh okay I'll take it alright
what I want to do now is I want to do a
little bit of the footie okay since the
euros going on right now
okay all right forget bloody uh Italy oh
bloody Belgium it's all about Sonic and
Mario Oh pick me man ed pickle I'm
secure dad look advanced faces
he's like I just know the four lines of
cocaine that's why my nose is so big
well mr. Eggman you are on the team
silver shadow blaze why do all these
stupid squirrel shits look the same
seriously
what the shit is scotch the sonic
franchise okay what what is it Oh
Hedgehog we from the Hedgehog to a fox
to a bloody pink bitch to knuckles which
I don't know what the shit you are
what are you meant to be a raccoon
that's red we got shadow looks like a
bloody skunk we got silver a white
pussycat all right well you're all shit
okay I'm gonna stick with my homie boy
Yoshi Donkey Kong D Mario vs. team Metal
Sonic 1 Luigi we will never meet ass
hopefully we were not disappoint just
like England disappointed us when when
we lost Iceland oh yo she's on the ball
look at him doing a bloody spin ok no
one good knows what to do oh shit look
at Yoshi skills who do we do guys he's
spinning around whoo-hoo-hoo I'm Tokiko
I'm gonna go to bow ah he just kicked me
in the shins the bloody shit oh hey
jumped off ugh man face Pasha Tiwari oh
yeah oh
don't kick out a ring oh you stupid I go
she to the ball cross it don't get gone
once it yeah fire
ah I didn't go anywhere oh I've got a
corner kick gone who wants it who wants
it I'm Tokiko I want it oh shit uh I was
out doing a min sky after the first off
it's been no no just like every other
football game ever hopefully something
will happen
alright probably not because we are
playing football remember that guys no
ah nearly by shoot shoot ah
oh the boss come on wow this is the most
exciting game of football in science
right ah look at this beautiful play
don't giggle runt all our bloody smashes
in the back come on it'll be a pain
let's go oh shit no a metal sonic where
you going listen man oh oh my god man ok
no no D no listen this is cheating ok
who let the bloody robot play football
Alice is there just we have someone to
like rule this out or something alright
it's 1 1 that means we have to go into
extra time huh guys listen you stupid
dinosaur with a hole in his mouth you
whore
why didn't you bloody catch it ok she
saved it and caught it I just let it in
this is an embarrassment
ok - one literally exactly the same as
bloody that England score that no one
cared about last crossbar into the ball
who are your style man
alright now this is it guys okay if no
one scores it would go on to bloody Ben
on visa okay we don't want that we need
to score right now oh I'm gonna scare ya
I did it this is 50 seconds left go mess
up don't mess up I won the euro 2016
okay forget all those other teams as in
the final okay guys
I'm an end the video here why was I so
excited to play this game I don't know
why I was like this game it looks fun
I'm gonna make a video of it and I got
too excited sorry guys this is probably
a very weird recording okay but do let
me know if you want to see more Mario
Kart
I mean Mario & Sonic at the Olympic
Games it's a long time
if we reach 10,000 likes I will bloody
well do it anyway guys thank you so much
for watching I'll see you in the next
video man see you later guys
love you Baba don't get gone once
