hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is master selfie and today lazy man we
are back in again where life is strange
now in today's video we are finishing
episode 4 and next episode will be the
last episode and as soon as we reach
10,000 likes I will upload it it will
probably be tomorrow sorry I didn't
upload life is strange yesterday but
yesterday was Father's Day and I thought
I would take the day off and spend it
with my dad since I don't really spend
how much time with him so well yeah let
us finish episode for today and let's
see the crazy shit that happens in this
episode ok so last episode we saw Kate
in the hospital and we went back in time
and saw like Chloe's dad died again so
um yeah so in this episode I don't know
what's gonna happen oh yeah oh yeah so
what we are doing we're currently doing
we're looking for Nathan okay because we
believe Nathan's been the one that's
been drugging the girls and baking dirty
pictures of stuff okay I think the game
wax what is going to come on
hi mr. Jefferson hello okay um and this
is my friend Chloe
hello yeah y'all Chloe what's up homie
why isn't somebody as cool as you going
to blackwell are we too cool for the
school long story in actual files here I
can imagine max are you sure that you're
alright oh yeah it's not weird being
suspended and just walking around campus
well you are an adult now this isn't
prison is it no not until we get orange
jumpsuit haha I don't get on that note
like well duty calls
remember well going to announce the
winner of the everyday heroes contest
tonight at the party so I hope you'll be
there to celebrate even though I'm sorry
you didn't in her a photo oh Sh I
understand FOP
you can't force an artist to work was I
meant to I feel like a total loser but
hey it's been a hard week to focus
yeah no pun engine come on I'm proud of
you for caring so much about a troubled
friend and I take hope in the fact that
you have plenty of time to find your way
just get in the habit of putting your
work out there
oh god you so he's so nice it'll
definitely be there to what pay me to
I'll be Maxis date you better dance with
us at least once nobody should have to
see me dance plus you don't want to
watch the old hipster trying to keep up
with the kids huh I have some pride be
seeing it yes Sam
oh she got a crush on letting your
teacher almost you're out of control you
just wait until the rager tonight shut
up
don't be jealous because Mark Jefferson
thinks I'm cool I am so ignoring it fine
since I'm here I'll see Evan get some
dirt from Justin I haven't talked to him
in a while oh sure that is a great plan
damn Chloe has a crush on sir daddy God
okay she just wants out did he study so
yeah we're looking for Nathan okay
are we gonna like sneak into his room I
think this is the boys dorm hello miss
grant hi miss grant
max you always show up when I'm talking
about you what you're talking about me
bitch
Nathan have you seen him I was looking
for Nathan Prescott and I thought he
might be in your class yeah I'm
surprised max I didn't think you and
Nathan were exactly friends we're not
you listen listen Susan alright whatever
your name is no way we're friends okay
no way I just have no way ask him a
question I saw him leaving campus
looking angrier than usual Oh should be
maybe asking Nathan isn't such a good
idea right now you hear me max hey max
typical that's a bit racist um leave
I'll see you later all right pistol it's
always good talking to you max oh well
piss off okay I've got no time for this
I have to save the world
Oh who's this boy boyfriend huh secret
handshake
why cause none of my friends have
handshakes like that it would be so cool
if you and me were going to school here
together well we have mr. Jefferson all
to yourself
oh you suck you walked into Blackwell
and did big I was thinking about the
other day I mentioned titties every
single video
need to stop that doughnut or maybe I
should slap my catchphrase you know so
lame they don't have co-ed dorms here
yes because I want Nathan Prescott in
the room next door
everyone will shut up okay cuz we are
now sanity here that's the book you read
the signal if dinner anybody shows up I
won't let you down max so right now that
max we just have to find Nathan's room
okay so right now we are sneaking into
Nathan's room to try and find some
evidence to prove that he's been the one
that's been killing everyone oh look at
this
the Prescotts rule this town this must
be Nathan's room hello
is the coast clear Oh Oh max are you
gonna break it
oh my god ah Savage
who breaks into someone's good room oh
shit is he in here a projector baby
I mean shitty okay what my Supino I need
to find Nathan's phone or anything with
clues okay
Oh what's this what the hell are all
those marks on the floor marks good
question has he been way is there
something behind it so far what's find
out where you're hiding
Oh secrets hello
whoa Oh what is that little phone you
won't mind
nope I thought it was drugs why is their
phone in the bag is that everything now
I have Nathan's phone so he can show it
to Chloe well before anything comes back
oh shit yeah we bad move Nathan could be
back any second run run not see people
we must save the world hello Chloe it's
okay no one no trouble see damn it max
you're finally back without a problem
I worried it's okay so what did you find
his room was clean and creepy creepy
heebie-jeebies
check this out yeah what is it who puts
their phone in a bag something keeps
writing we got you by the balls
fuck you by the balls
oh no what are you doing in my tour Oh
shitty you're such a nosy bitch max Oh
hop right there Nathan make me ho oh no
you're home oh shit who's this what max
I got this bloody Warren get the fuck
out of my face
don't sweat it stop going max I mean
going on board you are so fucking dead
ah what get off me bro oh shit stay out
of it oh stop boring I don't know
should we stop worrying uh uh uh I kind
of want to see what happens
oh my god oh you like to hurt people huh
yeah like Mac like Kate like me huh feel
this motherfucker please stop
he's down hey come on
weirdoes shitty just with the shop yes
we have to go oh shit you pick up the
gun you're gonna shoot him who's the
bitch now Chloe oh shit damn Warren went
full alpha on Nathan damn it was good
but scary that bloody scared ya shit man
it's really hurts I don't know
this game's confusing why is the game
making me feel bad for this guy he could
be a bloody drugging murderer where he I
know he did drug it can I take a picture
of him but him being on the floor okay
bad not alright let's just leave I don't
give a shit but this is broken I think
my face is broken
your face was broken already you stupid
shit or don't trust it I don't like
that was intense shit what Lauren thank
you so much for what for beating the
shit out of Nathan Prescott did you rule
I don't know I kind of went crazy there
yeah you did
like Nathan you're not anything like it
good to know
so where are you going I better stick
with you guys just in case you need me
to get my whole con again or should I
call the cops on me no police
not yet uh so maybe you better warn me
and max have to do this on her own
no offense it's cool whatever I can do
to help well you can do is find out
anything you can about Nathan's father
I'm on it Oh in the snow and clips I'm
assuming the apocalypse is around the
corner
and thank you seriously Oh I'll call you
later
you better I'm feeling pretty alpha now
yes you are oh this is sweet maybe we
should get with Warren he may be the
nice guy man that guy's so fucking in
love with you yeah yeah yeah I know he
really did give a serious beatdown to
Nathan it was a little scary to watch
him do that
yeah let's make a date with Frank Oh
front even answer you Frank always
answers when he wants money like I said
Frank wants to see me right now let's
not keep him waiting
okay so now we're gonna go see Frank the
drug dealer with the little doggie okay
what maybe we're trying to find answers
from him
shit this episode I've a feeling people
been telling me that it's the craziest
episode and I'm scared because
something's can happen at the end and
I'm scared to see what it is
apparently all our answers are gonna be
answered this episode but this isn't the
last episode I don't know I just stopped
reading the comments okay it's been
Gucci's in the hell out of it
I hate seeing those poor whales like
that oh the whales do that
I just think of their families in the
ocean out there looking for them oh I
don't
well that asshole is gonna help us find
Rachel oh shit what you'll actually
shoot him Chloe
do not count on my rewind yeah come on
serious seriously obviously I'm not
counting on you that's why I have a gun
should I might even save you some day
about time I am so going to hit you
there's no way we could have guessed
this is what would happen to us when we
grow up yeah maybe shooting people I'm
looking forward to the day when we can
just go on a road trip to Portland okay
you me and Rachel
absolutely so let's play this cool
Rachel's dead okay just pay Frank his
money and then we can get that code for
the book from him the code for the west
wall gun oh no dicking around what
what's wrong why do we need a code from
a book I don't get it
wait what what what what what did I miss
something I need to get a code from this
Frankie Boop um guys what it what okay
okay apparently me to get a cold I don't
know what for don't ask me okay shit I'm
so scared right now
okay all right be careful Chloe okay
knock on the door easy easy
shitty
Oh
oh look the Wonder Twins Haley should
have come alone I'll she's my partner
yeah we're bodyguard so let's get to
business
where's my fucking money oh shit keep
the money Oh keep the money oh no this
is odd for me um um uh keep it okay we
need answers first right I don't have
the money yet oh really then why did you
text me that you did because I wanted to
tell you in person
oh I'm truly touched Chloe now why are
you losers really here you just want to
ask you some questions
you have some serious lady balls that
lady balls no oh that face
Jesus okay they're like no that's what
do you Hardy boys want shit just the
names of some of your clients oh that's
what I mean well why didn't you just
tell me how about I just give you the
keys to my RV while I'm N oh yeah sure
would be nice yeah I mean uh you don't
get it
you already did yesterday say that um
helpful else I'm sorry uh I don't know
this is so hard
help Oh else help us or else
Oh are you actually threatening me again
little girl oh no no I'm legit I got
Christ I hate you black well shit oh you
expect everything for free you're not
getting any handouts from me I work for
a living you understand Oh Frank without
those Blackwell shits as customers you
wouldn't have any work at all dude
you're a drug dealer you snobby oh oh
don't come into my home and judge me
that's why I go to church and you want
something from me how about a blade up
the ass I don't calm down Frank let's
just talk do you ever tell me did you
get it bitch today
Oh No
no you're fucking chills my god
she bought it tomato curry
I just shot a man and his dog oh my god
I killed Frank Bowers oh shit you saved
my wife Chloe it it was self-defense for
both of us
oh my god max Frank is really dead I
know but we can't stop now
we have to find that code fast oh my god
cops come can I rewind hi I don't want
to shoot this guy's dog I mean yeah it's
sad that he's dead and everything but
his dog I never should have dog
let's get out of here sorry I'm sorry
oh my god no rewind time Jesus
Chloe actually killed Frank Oh she'll
never forgive herself or forget this
okay can I be one time only I can change
it okay I can be one time okay okay
let's read one time oh I don't want to
cure that poor doggie he didn't do
anything okay okay everyone time all
right let's try this it again and this
time don't say it's right today McGregor
didn't like that one bit
I didn't think I would body shoot him
listen Chloe I can tell you for a fact
that this will not go well Oh max I
should have known you'd be kind and
rewind so tell me exactly what I need to
do here um get rid of the gun should I
get rid of the gun guys you won't like
this but you need to get rid of that guy
cuz then we watch show no max I don't
like that at all but I trust you and
girl if I need that gun you better
rewind fast oh shit
okay we need to be very careful with
what we say guys okay do not mess it up
okay okay first things first let's give
him the money okay because uh IIIi think
he might be a lot nicer when we do okay
give him the money
we own the money it's only fair that we
give him the money okay all right cool
are we cool now
um dog oh I thank you that wasn't so
hard now was it
yeah and let's not do any more business
again okay now
and we need excuse no no wait wait wait
wait wait wait Frank when we ask you a
couple quick questions know some
questions I mean answers all right so we
don't want to say help or else should we
say I'm sorry listen Frank I'm sorry to
be such a nuisance but this is important
yeah yeah everything's important these
days huh but I can tell you're not
bullshitting me oh please Lee no time
for that Frank I just need a little bit
of information yeah yeah well it always
starts with just a little you Chloe here
knows all about that Frank we didn't
come here to fight this is so much
bigger than us
but you you come in peace after you
aimed a fuckin gun at me and then pulled
atrocious shit um you scared me to be
honest Frank you're scaring me you held
a knife on my friend yeah you didn't
want to pull the trigger I could tell by
the way you held that pop gun with both
hands like it was a magnum
oh no maybe I shouldn't have brought
that knife to a gunfight
I only want to shoot with my camera I
swear ask Chloe
Oh drink max doesn't need a gun anyway
so are we cool please okay we're cool
for now but my dog is oh you try any
shit he will bite your head off he's
done it before all only here to talk I
wouldn't mess with your dog shit you
wouldn't have time you like dogs do I
like dogs
um pompidou is q uh how do I know how do
I know his name uh give gave dog a bone
no no don't say that because then he'll
know that we were sneaking in his place
don't rescue yeah of course I do
I heard you even rescued a bunch of
fight dogs oh that's amazing
they did know all right it was just the
right thing to do I couldn't stand to
see those poor animals treated like like
slaves Oh
that's how I came to own Papa dude oh
it's very cool Frank the legs this new
dog is lucky you came well maybe we can
focus on rescuing Rachel now Rachel is
that why you're really here yeah
we're so close to finding her now Frank
we need all the help we can get now
especially for me yeah help you and
Chloe do not know Rachel like I did and
I couldn't even help her shit you're in
way over your heads why don't you just
go play in your Clubhouse oh you know
Rachel bracelet
Rachel's letter oh we can't see Rachel's
letter because then because we found
that in his RV and then he'll know that
we're in his RV
we can't say we're you hiding because
that might offend him should I say you
know Rachel Frank you knew Rachel almost
better than anybody oh that's great and
you know more than us that's good
together we could find her do you have
anything to lose
when Rachel vanished I pretty much lost
everything
yeah I can't stand not knowing where she
is not hearing her voice or her laugh
anymore
yeah and change all that that's good
it's up to you help us find her Frank
please we really need your client list
well if there's a chance in hell you two
dorks can find Rachel
el-tee oh did it pay decent barking at
you so I guess that's a good sign
oh thank you
yeah thanks Frank seriously it's hard to
take you character seriously but I want
to oh we did it peacefully one time we
were shooting him dead and his dog and
now we're all friends oh my goodness
that was intense
okay thank God all right I think that
was good pick up Mike up the gun again
she man that was dangerous
that was cool Frank gave up the code to
help us yeah Rachel must have seen
something good in him oh okay cool now
we have the codes now apparently there's
a vortex party going on tonight and I
think that's where we're heading next
what are we gonna do with these codes I
don't know let's find out oh okay we've
got more evidence now hmm what could
this evidence mean huh
Chloe are you okay
I'm glad things worked out okay with
Frank yes nice to have one less enemy in
Arcadia Bay
amen to that Amen sister okay that could
have gone to really horribly wrong but
this seems to see the scenes the scene
wider focus on this board and start
tying these close together okay
are we gonna like like figure out like
detective shit gather info on a
character by selecting all the correct
clothes but in selection oh shit I don't
know what to do okay guys so right now
max has a special task of deciphering
all of this information that she has
gathered to hopefully find something to
sort of lead us on to sort of like a
destination somewhere so this is like a
really long and boring task so I decided
to skip it okay so basically we are had
to spend 20 minutes deciphering all this
information to find out this certain
address that I will show you right now
Chloe this is definitely the place let
me dig up some more clothes here nope
nothing max there's nothing here there's
a shitty old barn let's keep searching
and find out who owns this haunted barn
a bonus hold on shit this is somebody
named Harry Aaron Prescott oh I'm
shocked should we call the police fuck
that you know the police here like
Nathan's private security right that's
so messed up as you've noticed this
whole town is messed up we can't trust
anybody oh my god cept each other so we
have to go out to that farmhouse by
ourselves
wall I was afraid you'd say that we
could call Warren since she kicked
Nathan's ass yes just the two of us
nobody else and I'm not scared at all
you have the power I feel like we're
this close to finding Rachel we have to
find our max oh no but remember my power
isn't infinite we still have to be
careful shit you're here Chloe this
episode
leading up to something scary guys oh my
god what if like Rachel's in this barn
place okay so we spent all that time
investigating to find out this address
okay I have a bad feeling that like some
dodgy shits been happening here
imagine we found Rachel's like dead body
now that can't be it
oh shit this is scary this is very scary
but we're here let's go find the best
way in oh shit guys be prepared cuz up
something really Bad's gonna happen now
I just have I ever got feeling this is
really bad we should have called Warren
check this out
fresh tire tracks oh shit someone was
recently head dude somebody was just
here shit
it looks like name's John that barn Oh
shitty shitty shitty guys this is bad
this is really bad oh there's a metal
sheet here oh this is how we get in oh
my god
okay we're in okay Chloe
I found the front door come on why is
someone isn't it like anything seen this
barn so why are you why are people going
in here what there must be something in
this barn
way too much oh no bumps all over come
on
what the pictures hey check out this old
chest oh my god
a little louder
Chloe jeez that is ancient jackpot old
shit oh shit
look closer Harry Aaron Prescott and
family donated a library to Arcadia Bay
Prescott industry celebrate grand
opening
what could that man he's got spring bomb
shelter Boone to town nice scrapbook you
search for more clues and I'll scope out
the area oh my god guys why would
someone need to come to this place you
know
yes odd Prescott clippings like what
what's so special about this place can't
be the only thing here there must be
like some secrets here right round Oh No
discovered the perimeter marks how can
you hear that I mean my head is quite
okay guys guys listen can you hear that
you're my secret shop
did you find something she found
something
oh she crying is this oh my god
it's totally brand-new oh no guys we're
gonna find a dead body hello we offer
max you can't open this with your bare
hands
oh shit I know it's gonna find a dead
body I haven't got feeling oh shit okay
Chloe I found some kind of hatch but
it's locked yeah I got this
I hope let me get a second you need any
help platform climb Chloe can you give
me a hand give me a boost good kick at
your service
hop up in a way Supermax I dig having
minions pull what the shit oh my god
what is that what the hell what is this
that looks sturdy enough to stand on oh
okay I understand okay go up oh my god
okay this is this is very slow I don't
trust it
here's the other end of the rope okay
hey Chloe can you attach the hook to
that padlock oh you are clever okay all
over this so we're gonna try and break
it oh my god I'm really scared to find
out what's in that Jeff's guy he's from
that hatch all that hatch okay let me
read one time and get the mole Tabac up
here oh we can now attach it to the
motor ah that makes a lot more sense
okay okay okay okay here we go
let's do this shit okay get ready get
ready and Oh max Guyver strikes and next
Guyver all right come on
let's see what's in this guys I have a
really bad feeling that something really
Bad's into me in here I do not trust
this at all okay open don't be a dead
body don't be a dead body don't be a
dead body over your dead bodies heavy
don't be a dead body don't be a dead
body don't be a dead body what is this
it's a Suzanne fine secret room Oh No do
I even need to say how weird this is oh
no the music's coming it who built this
kind of place oh nice God of course guys
this is so bad this is so bad something
really bad is gonna happen I know it is
I know it is
oh my god what the shit is this this
bunker is so surreal a keypads how am I
supposed to know okay I think the codes
5 4 - yes I thought that only worked in
the movies haha oh no it's bad guys Open
Sesame
why would someone have oh no oh no it's
like a locked and ready for the
apocalypse
it's must've cost a fortune it's like a
lab come on why is there a lab here
no no no no no no no no no no is it
meant to be a quite hell is this duct
tape
photo printer what the shit
okay oh my god someone's been taking
pictures here chick I can't remember
ah this is really weird guys oh my God
look Rose be the crap that Nathan gets
from Frank oh my god do you think this
is where thingy got drugged oh my god
remember when when Chloe got drugged she
said she could remember being in a no-no
when Kate got drugged she said she
remembered being in a really white
bright room right and this could have
been it right because remember she
thought it was a hospital but it was
this bright white bright room and I
think even Chloe said she remember being
in a bright white room I think this is
it I think this is where Nathan takes
the girls and and drugs some and takes
pictures of them eat us oh my god this
is really freaky oh my god you know
those files from the end of each episode
so that's what that meant what's with
these files Oh No let's see what the
show we're gonna find some dirty
pictures of these girls oh my god we're
gonna find a pictures binder marked
Victoria but it's empty
oh the next one says Kate oh my god no
Kate no god I should have killed that
bastard back there Kate wasn't the first
all those binders are filled with other
victims Oh No Victoria has to be next
Nathan must be planning to dose her
tonight at the vortex club Oh Rachel oh
my god is that is she dead can't be real
he's wrong he's all post-show oh my god
those right Chloe look at her face she's
out of his she's dead
maybe Nathan paid her a shitload of cash
to do this she probably would have I
don't think so why is he putting her on
the ground like that where the junkyard
max we have to find that spot now then
we can see what he did there's no way
she's dead
no way she posed for those pictures next
I know it please let's go
oh my god are those pictures of like
that
this picture is framed different oh my
god
rachel is awakened fucking Furies oh my
god Mary just passed out and just
something in her mouth what happened to
her
what's in her mouth the shot is so
staged
I I can't believe it's real
I can't what is this like this is the
happened in that in the clubhouse area
who is that other girl I think this is
Rachel but who's this oh my god guys
Kate looks so doped up oh my god she has
no idea she's being posed at least Kate
was asleep to office bullshit oh my god
guys is it so it's okay guys let's go
this is freaking me out
all right let's just go shit we have to
go to the junkyard now oh no don't tell
me the episodes gonna
oh no oh I don't want it end
oh no shit
I really don't know what's gonna happen
next oh no oh wait maybe it's not gonna
end
Oh slow down well shit I know exactly
where I'm going
oh no where we go in oh my god oh my god
oh my god this is it this is it
whoa why you trying to look for though
what are you looking tell me that you
think they're buried here oh stop
look oh no what the hell is that what
the hell is that what the hell is that
oh I smell No
sorry boy I'm so sorry I wonder so much
how could you be dead
Oh shoes I did Mostyn Oh No oh wait you
think the dere was Rachel and her soul
oh my god isn't over it's not over
we're going to the I thought I'd be the
end of the episode oh my god
oh my god guys shit
we're going to the vortex place shit oh
my god what's gonna happen Joyce's last
party Chloe we can go right to the cops
we have proof or girl um the police
won't all one has to find her so we
could get real justice oh my god the
Prescotts have had this coming for a
hundred years and nobody's gonna get in
my way
oh my god especially with your help
right yes I'm with you to the end Chloe
you know that
shit
Oh No just bringing a gun I don't know
what to think I mean I knew Rachel was
dead but still it's like that Eclipse
you're right look at the outline I can't
tell if they're different what is that
can't be - Jesus Chloe look up at the
sky what the hell executive I don't give
a shit
the world is ending cool you're not
listening something major is going down
that's right
Nathan Prescott is going down Oh No the
apocalypse Nathan I don't know welcome
to the end of the world ladies I'm glad
you decided to escort me you look really
good wine huh are you all right after
today I really flipped on Nathan he's
drunk I just hate bullies hey bully max
he's dangerous
where is he I didn't see him at the dorm
again I was held up in my room dude have
you been drinking
well if you consider half a beer
drinking let's go max hey hey I know
this is a bad time but can I get one
picture I've been feeling like this
might be actually the end of the world
oh shit I want to have something more
abyssal for Prosperity oh I don't blame
you worried I know I know I'm paying the
booty just one picture uh action
we've got no time for this shit come on
Maxim sorry I just wanted to feel like a
normal student after this week's
ultraviolet would I never had anybody
like that before I was always the one
getting my ass kicked
hey boys is different still need your
expert help if you see Nathan text me
immediately okay shit and do not let him
see you
you won't I know how to be invisible
here Oh Timmy Warren texted oh shit guys
I don't think this episode's gonna be
and it was sad I know it is this
episode's really long shit oh my god
oh here we go the finale we're at the
vortex club hi where the hell are you oh
shit
all right let's just go shit oh no is a
party shit
the house is boys is it muddy pool what
the hell DJ's what is this shit oh my
god
forty hard girl oh shit
guys this atmosphere is freaking me out
I don't know maybe cuz what from what we
found out before but it's freaking me
out
I swear to God oh shit girls buddy half
naked oh my god guys be careful oh okay
hope nothing scary happens oh look it's
got dancing though yeah shake it crime
is old man I've got no time for this
shit Oh vortex club VIP only excuse me
but I'm going in sorry but this is the
VIP section men
I'm sorry but I'm on the list okay I
know that max Caulfield is not on any
list for the vortex Club
she sounds like Chloe no you listen
Courtney is supposed to be the VIP
gatekeeper not me so please go shit
Oh Courtney's here our guests are a
fashion ibly late
to the end of the world even go to flake
on my party makeover
you still get special access to the
vortex come VI oh that's good she won't
let me pass
oh that little asshole just made her
last mistake
she thinks she's Victoria buh-bye
buh-bye
let's go make an official VIP entrance
maxfactor
to get it ha ha ha shut up Gordon a you
stupid God does that mean to the body B
IP do you know that I personally put
Max's name on the list so you like to
side the block Ferb I'm coming in while
I'm taking a break you're not in charge
here
wait I just oh my god you're done oh
shout out the lift Carmen oh shit wreck
welcome to the vortex yeah yeah piss off
you stupid ho or I let me in the VIP
area oh my god guys this is gonna be bad
I go go go go
shit nathan is the vortex so he's got
half the beetle shit should we be doing
this now I mean your Victoria is next Oh
Victoria's here we should I've worn it
yeah
sorry max vortex club members only sorry
I'm on the guest list
I'm taking you up go fuck yourself
evening Toria I don't have time for this
bullshit real cute max you still pissed
about me taking your picture do you even
have a clue what's going on at blackwell
Kate Marsh tried to kill herself in
front of you and me everybody here
that's not my fault max don't you even
try to blame
play oh I will
you didn't help take that party you knew
she was totally wasted then you sent the
video to everybody just to twist the
knife Wow
are you kidding me I didn't make her
drink that wine nobody pushed her tongue
into everybody's mouth
I watched her max his shame on you and
you know Keiko no matter how much you
deny that's why she ended up on that
roof and you make sure to take one last
video right I deleted that video from my
own Matt who I bet that tongue hurts
Kate's family I don't even know how you
can sleep it it should run I'm not
perfect okay I'm a teenager at an art
school I'm only here to become a
photographer and get famous you have
talent your son you have talent Victoria
you don't have to push people out of
your way you don't understand
my parents owned a gallery I know how
this art game has to be played
oh no it's art you don't have to play
their way
mr. Jefferson doesn't talk that way and
he's famous yeah
mr. Jefferson probably won't be choosing
my photo I'm not as talented as I
thought yes you are
but we shouldn't have to choose between
talent kindness yeah
hard to believe but I don't always make
the best way do you think it's like fake
we're not supposed to be friends no
enemies maybe but who says we have to be
enemies whoever makes that decision that
would be us Victoria
well max Caulfield I could always choose
select you in vortex Club I don't think
that's going to happen but not for the
reasons you think oh you look so serious
the dark room don't of course I gotta
warn her why you why you asking me that
I'm an evil person or am i I am an evil
person her mind was good talking to you
the red oh shit eat a dick max oh you're
just jealous of me because I actually do
the things you can't I put my photograph
out there while you hide behind your
lame retro self
least tell me what me
why you want to know principal Wells
wanted to see us
no big deal then why ask me I haven't
even seen him tonight
adios lon
I should have warned her isn't it I
don't know
oh shit I should have warned her I kind
of want to make mix things up you know
most people would warn her so I'm like
let's see what worship I have warned you
Tory about Nathan me she might be evil
but I know hear you Chloe
Nathan isn't Hugh nobody's seen to it
it's definitely not upstairs or in the
water
oh shit there's a teacher maybe he's
hiding in his dorm let's bail Nathan
can't hide so he made it oh camon why
his teacher are you both okay look like
you're on a mission oh I was just
looking for Mason
I didn't know you were pals with him I
haven't seen him since this afternoon he
seemed pretty upset I think he's still
quite upset over yeah the whole gate
situation yeah that makes sense let's
talk later max I have to announce the
winner of the contest I do wish you
would've been er you have to build up
that resume and portfolio but I know you
will all right whatever I hope so
no way hey excuse me I'm almost dawn
what the hell out of here max oh shit
on
oh he's announcing the winner okay
everybody calm down
thank you I don't want to get in the way
of the party but it's time to announce
the winner of the everyday heroes
contest why is it won cheering it was
lightly I want to thank everybody
planted their photograph and everybody
who thought about Adrienne this she's
first important step in being an artist
sharing your work with the world shut up
all of you represent Blackwell Academy
and everything our school stands for as
far as I'm concerned you're all everyday
heroes the envelope please
haha the envelope the winner is and
America's next top idol oh my what a
shocker Victoria chase
Victoria won I love bird ah
which mr. Jefferson it was your
incredible photography that brought me
to Blackwell and I hope I can live up to
your name and fame I also want to thank
all the students for being so dedicated
in their pursuit
shut up Victoria I'd like to do a girl's
prize to Kate Marsh Wow
she is the real everyday hero of
blackwell and I can't wait for her to
come back shut up you hypocrite thank
you I can't believe she blackmailed
chair by selling the fifties yes okay
shit fucking camps rachel is still dead
and I want Nate this podcast now meet
you let's go check out the drama - oh my
god this episode doesn't end does it
like this episodes gone so long it's
like double the length of a regular
episode oh Christ
Nathan just texted me he says there
won't be any evidence left after he's
done oh no shit we have to go to the
junkyard right shit Hey oh no this just
really messed up this is really really
really really really really really
messed up when this episode gonna end
I'm so confused
stop stomping around glowy right shit is
dance get ready to use your rewind fast
and even trusted Jumbo's know
oh my god
this is so dangerous oh my god this is
so dangerous we should not be out here
at night guys
oh I'm so worried right now guys do you
think we shouldn't no we should have
like ah that room that the dark rooms oh
my god a rat the dark room we should
have likes we catch Nathan you better
rewind so I can kill him over and over
almost God's sake Chloe you have to be
quiet you could die okay oh my god guys
I'm so worried what's gonna happen oh my
god this is really bad this is really
really really really really bad Nathan
needs to die now oh my god be quiet
okay we have to be invisible max please
hurry
shit it's a duck what the bodies have
been digged up
dug up oh god max look she's still there
oh no it's not been dug up don't look
come on Oh be careful be careful be
careful be careful maybe it's a trap
it's a trap be careful oh no oh no I was
drugged no Chloe watch out Chloe no
Chloe look how the fuck
what goes on there it
I could who is it
watch what
oh my goodness
it was the teacher
the teacher a little shit oh my goodness
guys shit
I kind of I kind of like knew he was not
to be trusted but like I'm not totally
shocked but so many questions
you know like who really is the teacher
he's not to be trusted like why is he
doing all this stuff shit next episode
is gonna be absolutely crazy guys okay
guys I'm going to end the video here I
hope you guys enjoyed life is strange is
pretty it's a pretty crazy game and like
I've been enjoying it's really I've been
trying it so far and yeah I can't wait
to finish it and thank you guys so much
for the support and see what so far it's
been actually amazing there's gonna be
one heck of a crazy climax episode
ending next episode I'm gonna it's going
to be a very long episode I think I'm
gonna do it all in one go so yeah so as
soon as we reach like 10,000 likes I'll
upload it if I don't upload it when it
reached 10,000 likes just just know that
it's a very long episode and yeah it's
going to take me a long time to record
it and edit it and render it so just
bear with me it will be out as soon as I
can anyway guys thank you so much for
watching and I will see you very soon
see later guys love you bar
