hello everyone how is everyone doing in
this measure selfie and today legend we
are back yet again with lot is strange
so now I've been reading the comments
and you guys are now in your pram you
guys are hyped for life is strange so
yeah before we get into it last episode
we did some life no game changing
decision okay we had the decision either
to save Kate from committing suicide and
also the decision to blame the janitor
the teacher or that boy who's a lot of
trouble now I've been reading the
comments and everyone wants me to save
Kate so I'm gonna go with the option to
save Kate I kind of don't like going
back on my decisions but everyone wants
it so it's your series so I guess I will
save Kate and also who to blame everyone
want me to blame Nathan but I feel like
everyone has done that before and when I
blamed mr. Jefferson everyone was
telling me that I did a really bad thing
so you know what I'm gonna try something
different I'm gonna blame David so now
I'm sorry to like make it confusing for
you guys but yeah that's what I'm gonna
do I'm gonna blame David and save Kate
okay so like I said I'm gonna say the
stepdad David bullied her okay this is
probably not the right decision but now
that I put some thought into it I want
to go with it okay so
boom mr. Madsen was bullying Kate yeah
grow up Hugh I was there uh I saw you
getting in her face you have no idea
what you saw Kate Marsh was involved
with a bad crowd I was trying to find
out who Oh Kate had a double life I was
super shocked when I found out no you
were part of the crowd yeah and like I
said I personally saw David physically
harassed Kate Marsh you lying little oh
are you gonna take this junkies word
over your security officer I know she
smokes and deals marijuana that has
nothing to do with Kate
max falsely accusing other people seems
to be a habit with you I trust my
security or Sydney I'll have to
investigate to see if this accusation is
true wha
they're for max I'm obliged to contact
your parents and suspend you for a few
days
oh oh shit maybe I shouldn't have gone
without
I'm going with that all right let's just
start upload three already in the
previous episodes of life is straight
little pieces of time everybody let's
leave is sick people trying to control
me would don't ever touch me again
frightened it totally makes sense you
hella saved my life I think it's awesome
you set a tongue record on video I'm
going to be sorry someday and there she
is
how are you doing Matt hi Joyce I am so
sorry about William I have great
memories of him that was his gift to us
wonderful memories let's talk about your
superpower hey Stella and Louise you're
my business now she's Rachel's bracelet
why the fuck are you wearing her
bracelet you want me to cut you bitch
please step back
you're kidding put that down
nobody cares about me nobody
what are you doing here Mac now I know
today was difficult for everybody miss
coffee why exactly were you on the route
with Kate Marsh please tell us
everything what the hell is this axe
there was no eclipse scheduled today
I believe you Warren I believe anything
this week oh man this story is getting
good I'm thinking I'm gonna make the
video per episode I don't know this is
gonna be super long you don't have to
watch it all today
I don't think but uh yeah grab some
popcorn
you know snuggle up in your jammies and
let's watch this
story
square enix present life is strength
and Persol
dos uno dos tres tres no dos ah just sit
back relax guys we are in for one hell
of a ride baby
oh man night time is so beautiful
so relaxing you know she man ah okay so
I'm in my room trying to study life is
strange episode three chaos theory I
love this music bum down bum bum bum bum
bum bum bum bum hmm excuse me I have a
rabbit
let's look at ribbon shape at night man
should eat okay so I decide to save kay
um I don't really want to but at home
and the government was telling me dude I
have something to show you meet me in
front of the campus get that ass in gear
right now a new Chloe would be all over
this ad ass so I better get moving
oh my get a rabbit I would say hello to
the rad man but I kind of just want to
just go me huh all right let's go let's
go me uh
Chloe she said she's got something
important to set to show me oh but it's
late at night
is there like curfews in like this off
okay this is scary dark
let there be let there be light Jesus oh
my goodness is something that uh it
would be really scary to be going out at
night oh man I like I like the sound of
nighttime
that was my personal cricket you like it
of course you bloody well did you I'm
excited man but I was a bit worried
about starting a series without playing
it before yeah get it boo yeah like I'm
scary pot roast Barney huh
more like a scary punk asshole yeah punk
ass big Chloe I didn't exactly have the
greatest day trying to keep my friend
from jumping off the roof I don't think
I need you to prank me tonight yay okay
sorry but you absolutely balls to the
walls did save your friends the holes to
the wall
he saved herself I couldn't even use my
power my head felt like it was being
crushed
then I had no clue what to say to her on
that roof don't be so modest rock star
kate is alive because of you is you
obviously said the right thing and your
badass power is gonna save us all we
just need to connect the place and find
out who almost killed Kate we have to
stop this from happening to anybody else
oh yeah and somehow stop that tornado
from wiping out Arcadia Bay right ah
chaos theory nah I hope so
I hope so Chloe but how snow and eclipse
are bad omens oh this whole town is a
bad omen
and notice that blackwell seems to be
ground zero typically I just feel weird
about some of my decisions
oh I even got my own dumbass suspended
dude do not even torture yourself like
that let's focus on looking for clues
okay clothes how we gonna find clues in
school about Rachel we need to find out
more about who Rachel was involved with
around here she was able to blend in
with everybody even with people I hate
it Oh even though I don't know her it
feels like rachel is guiding us to the
truth what the truth I just want to find
my friend right now Oh language it
scares me to think where she could be do
you think she's dead uh kicking it
kicking it in Los Angeles now would be
the best case scenario she wouldn't
leave without me okay and how often do
missing girls turn up all we have to
find Rachel soon we have to I promise
you we will like you said it's time to
start the search for come on wait am i
sight that guy tell me what's your
secret well rusty drum roll please I
present the spare keys to blackwell Oh
step prick you are such a boss Chloe a
boss I just don't want you to get into
any more trouble
look at all the trouble dropping in
Arcadia Bay at this point who gives a
fuck anymore you're suspended anyway max
lead the way yeah so glad you're my
partner in crime as long as you're my
partner in time instead of around here
insert groan Han huh Banta go banter um
okay so we're sneaking in scores so much
for helping you put together a portfolio
hopefully the rest of the class will
follow your lead
I'm sorry I was distracted us you know
it's not been a good day for Blackwell I
know this has been an awful day and you
can talk to me anytime is she missing
Oh Thank You Victoria she Betty I'm glad
it had a relatively happy ending I don't
know what I would have done if Katie
dumped Katie I had no idea you two were
that close
we know did she well how does this
affect the everyday heroes contest it
doesn't the contest is still a go and I
still have to pick the winner to best
represent Blackwell I've got all the
photos except one from max I'll give you
a one-word sneak preview of Max's photo
selfie les sandwich you've seen my entry
you know what's better than that
wouldn't that be so cool to hang out
together in San Francisco mark oh stick
to mr. Jefferson Victoria please and uh
I haven't picked a winner yet yet you
already love my work so it's not like
you're playing favorites just imagine if
you picked my photo though we would have
to spend a lot of time together that
could be fun
don't you think I'm going to think that
you didn't say any you might as well
choose me
otherwise I might have to tell people
you offered to choose my photo for
favors yeah as a favor to your future
I'll also ignore that undisguised threat
oh this conversation is officially over
miss chase I suggest you go back to your
dorm now wait it I only oh oh oh my
goodness that felony home are you
fucking kidding me
you own this home she's full of
wholeness the whole the holy holy ho ho
ho ho she a mall holding santa clothes
oh ho ho
oh she she a ho she is gonna suck that
hose
Willy oh ho shit all people we can't get
any more evil shit is about to get real
with wok oh shit let's go find out
was insinuating doing the dirty Darby
with the teacher just to go to San
Francisco Oh
oh shit my mitt stupid Victoria man
so Eddie cannister you know it god damn
it all right let's cut to let's go let's
go sneak around dude I don't know about
this is getti we're both already in so
much trouble to mention the weed you
brought into my room joking I'm serious
we're not kids anymore we're breaking
and entering hey if I have a key how can
it be breaking okay charges for entering
I'm serious we could go to jail not if
I'm related to the head of Blackwell's
Security should step shit will not want
me in the hands the local police so we
better find out what's in the
principal's office first oh my god you
can rewind if we get caught right you
have mad powers yes but my powers didn't
save Kate maybe I did on my own that's
my trouble one more door and our work
here is done with sneaking in school
that's so scary yeah oh shit sneaking
into the principal's office as well
speak to up that's it that's lit fam I
mean that's it what the fuck
the security officer should have the key
to the principal's office he's hiding
shit like everybody here yeah well now
we definitely have to get this door open
do we do we do believe it or not I know
a little about lock picking thanks to
Frank I might as well test out my a
thief skill shit go for it
you're already in this deep well you
could look for the key just in case why
yes I could why yes I could okay we have
to find the key to the principal's
office
nokey for thee we have to find another
way in
guess I didn't spend enough time with
Frank oh but I'll use my DIY lock pick
tools while you come up with a better
plan my plan has a name what are we
gonna call wart hey Warren yeah we are
this sucks ass God is something the yard
isn't to wake up everybody at blackwell
sorry max I got nothing
what about your plan sugar soda can duct
tape I'm gonna go put it together
what can you stay here we got a boat I
might get on the other side of that door
before you Lupin Lupin grace is my
name's Matt my name is max okay not
Lupin what the shit he wants me to find
sugar soda can duct tape and sodium
chlorate and create what a bomb all
right I guess I got fine all the shit
how interesting
hello Chloe take it easy Amador Chloe
let's try this oh um
literally yes shit had to blow shit up
this is so dangerous if you light the
candle yeah we cool this is so bad ready
dog this is so bad this is so bad oh my
god I'm just gonna that was so fucking
cool dangerous oh sure hole Arcadia Bay
Fire and Police Department Oh so what
should we do
uh I think we should still look in his
office go go go go go go go rate the
place great the place Chloe great it
made it oh wait okay I'm in the room and
I can't do anything uh guys oh so we
broke into this room and we can't do
anything well that's just great
oh wait what the hell ivory round time
and I'm I'm inside I can get this
bathroom oh my god I don't know bullshit
fucking door welcome to my domain what
you are magic I am mighty no clue how
the hell you got in there but you did it
Sister Sister
the company I keep now let's find what
we want and beat it that's so cool I was
like whoa let's find some secrets I know
that principal's a dirty man how can you
trust somebody who has a fucking bronze
bird in his office I'm glad I was
expelled yeah yes if only the principal
had a Monet or Picasso you'd still be a
black wall eat me even gonna pill for
the papers on this ugly ass desk yeah
come on let's find some secret man oh
she the principal now okay sure it's
ugly but damn is it a cozy chair this is
your chance to truly get all deductive
and shit Sherlock find us some clues
about Rachel Kate Nathan anybody any boy
I'm on the case shit what are we gonna
find in the office search this what's
this this pretty much sums up Kate
shines
and in the wrong place oh this cabinet
anything in here Rachel doesn't seem so
troubled based on office oh but there's
not much here about the police
investigation shit okay such we heard
this asshole has a spotless record shit
like I'm not gonna read my own personal
fire oh man I would so want to read this
okay I've got all the files I think max
you better come check out these files
what Nathan accuses Rachel of bringing
drugs on campus and my step troll went
along because he thinks Rachel was a bad
influence on me
oh if David is teaming up with Nathan
Prescott that's a bad that's a bad thing
Scott the third who he's so money and
you know the Prescotts dropped major
bank to bury Nathan's real file look it
reads like a rap sheet bad grades
teacher complaint secret probation but I
was expelled the Prescotts
always get their money's worth check out
that note open it it's just some crazy
drawing it's not a drawing look Rachel
into darkroom Rachel in the darkroom wha
over and over that's it that's fucked up
what's that Boone what does this even
mean Nathan is truly psychotic I know he
has something to do with Rachel missing
whoa listen to this David M always asks
what's going on in my head David M
always helps me follow those he follows
what it's pretty cryptic no it sounds
like they formed some sort of weird team
the superheroes Jesus David was stalking
Kate hassling me and now we know he was
all over Rachel too oh we are so going
into his garage files plus I'm getting a
little paranoid in here we got our info
let's bail
but maybe we shouldn't leave without a
gift no you are not taking the cozy
chair next to your powers include
mind-reading or did you just rewind
because I tried to steal the chair yeah
shit I'm confused the power
the best friendship I know how you roll
we should definitely get out of here
we pressed our luck enough Oh what have
we here
shit oh my god so much money holy shit
jackpot Zhi Jing Wow sir that's a lot
for the handicapped dude there's $5,000
here I could pay Frank back tonight
oh no this will chill him out after you
almost you know shot Oh Oh No
are you gonna make a big issue out of
this or just rewind and take the
greenbacks for yourself I hope you do
that instead of lecturing me oh shit
it's for the handicap fund should we
steal the money it's a hard decision man
but imma steer the money am I still the
money because like I just want it okay
okay
Frank knows things about Rachel and he
might talk if he's been paid right you
are super max oh shit and with the
leftover dough if you want a road trip
to Portland for the day should have done
to stock up on tats beer weed doughnuts
and books from Powell's and strip clubs
kidding but you never know oh yeah that
was a bad decision I know I should have
didn't done that but I don't care I feel
like shit for taking that money yeah uh
but uh all right let's go okay that was
a bad move damn bitch look scares me
care for a midnight swim the blackwell
pool is out swimming you want to take
that risk now it's been a crate we
deserve a little mindless fun in the
water we're done for the night anyway
we're rich and nobody busted us what you
want to go adverse when you're gonna
love it bloody hell I deserve it
splish splash splish splash did you
actually just say hella I think I'm a
good bad influence on you a good bad
influence oh shit man I know how I feel
about this game this like this game
makes such hard decisions like I've
played a lot of multiple choice games
okay but this has to be the hardest okay
literally every five minutes I'm like
what the hell do I know man I don't know
what you taught your jack
and now we want to go for a swim I don't
know this is it we're in the otters I
hear big fucking deal
I want that heated water should we still
have to play it cool okay
even if I'm suspended you can own this
hellhole once you figure out your rewind
power well bad
Chloe is so psyched for girls night out
so I better follow her evil plan shit
okay
speak to all boys or girls uh boys no
yeah boys
no girls yeah boys boys of course
figures perv let me check to see if the
pools heated there has to be a control
panel for the lights around here oh okay
are we turning on the lights
oh we are oh it's so pretty pretty ahh
we're going for a bit of a Oh naked uh
Chloe getting a bit of a bikini on huh
Chloe shit look I go she's gonna dive
yay swimming oh yeah baby it feels like
a hot tub with my cash - I'm queen of
the world bow Oh tell me you're not
gonna stand there watching me like a
zombie Oh Shi
don't you dare you should be hippie okay
you asked for it Oh taking off the
clothes it's okay guys all right uh I'm
not a pervert okay she's 18 years old
bugger go about that who says that why
look an otter in my water Oh Dan dun dun
dun dun dun dun dun dun
you were so obvious and I still get
freaked out by that movie so stop ah I
can't even watch any other shark shows
Oh
yes listen bitch don't flash me on any
more or I will reverse time and kill you
hey I'll just rewind in harpoon you
otters romance oh shit yeah you wouldn't
know about that oh we're having fun let
me go fun it's something new can you
float like me Mac I wish Rachel was here
she would totally love being in here at
night
Oh wish you guys had met each other oh
well with all this stuff going on I'm
starting to think everything is related
and I want to find out for Kate sake she
almost died today
Oh your power is changing everything max
especially you I can already tell you're
not so chicken shit anymore
thanks girlfriend you know what I mean
you're becoming like this force of
nature
more like luck of nature come on my
power failed trying to rescue Kate oh
maybe I'm just stumbling back and forth
in time for what reason
you didn't stumble when you saved me max
shit uh what if I had thank God but what
if I had
what if Kate didn't jump but you would
be dead so it's time to start moving
forward in time and we're obviously
connected since without me you would
have never discovered your power right
um yeah absolutely you make me feel like
I know what I'm doing
then do you make me feel like I have a
reason for still being in Arcadia Bay I
hope so
stop being so goddamn humble you're like
the smartest most talented person I've
ever known
oh listen Rachel ank you dude I'm not
her groupie okay and I'm sure you have
Blackwell Bros all over you like Warren
Warren is nice gross what's gross oh I
don't want any black Bob Rose over me
yeah there's a couple cute guys there
but they probably think I'm a total nerd
uh nerds are hot you just don't have any
confidence yet Oh fortunately that
didn't come with my rewind power no
worries
once you get over yourself you're gonna
make the world bow as long as you're
there with me don't look so sad I'm
never leaving you oh no I'm getting
closer oh so cute
we're having like these moments yes I
don't you bitches magic me okay I think
I've had my cool experience for the year
let us do yet let's call it a draw I'm
gonna freeze my ass gonna freeze my
titties off if I stay in this pool up oh
shit so if I'm like not just talking as
much like I don't know why but I'm just
like I'm like sort of so interested I
just want to just play the game you know
and I like I'm like oh no I need to talk
more sorry guys but uh oh sweet I feel
like we just went swimming in chlorine
babe you look cute with your hair soaked
in chemicals Oh cute thank you
you would know cute
oh oh oh no is that that's Chloe's
stepdad she be shitty on the defeat run
for it mad max no max go
don't waste your power on getting busted
you still know is that oh shit come ones
- oh no I saw you'd hide like when we
were kids shit run man I faced my power
or just look for a hiding spot hiding
hiding both know where are they uh Lou
hmm yes very bloody well easy bloody
ways
don't come in don't come in don't come
in hello no no way there no
oh my god better not try any Halloween
pranks after today serious shitty shit I
heard something away oh no yo Yin noted
run run run come on next shit run oh
we're so invisible oh my god
what's veil wrong man shit I did that
without running time oh my god that was
scary I was like why wouldn't he come
down there shit oh my goodness that was
scary but shit man wait all around oh my
god I mean place we have to find another
way out
shibby oh this is bullshit bullshit B
you can't go back to your dorm now
you're a black belt fugitive fish at my
place tonight
you want me to crash where the black
hole security officer live so I'll be
safe okay into the car it didn't go into
the girl but wouldn't the secured
officer see the car that that knows he
was
Matthew Rock we're so fucking awesome
shit yes we know our shit do you think
he saw the car if he saw the car he
would know that we stole the money
oh shit iris I did steal that money now
oh shit this is bad it's so bad well
it's okay all right just chill okay
you're bored mess yourself was Saul all
out in the end I promise you baby
whoo no that was really bad
I shouldn't have stole the money and
yeah this is gonna leave them someone
head of trouble but it's okay cuz I will
sort it out I promise to you guys ah
this episode sort of like bit chill you
know nothing major is happening okay but
we did have a cheeky sleepover okay
Oh sick cute have you guys have had
sleepovers I start sleepovers all the
time is it gay to have sleepovers with
boys I don't know we didn't do anything
but uh but uh yeah I like I like
sleepovers we still like stay up all
night playing video games I didn't want
a nice zoo cute Oh
all right come on you lazy lump shit get
up from bed take a selfie selfie with me
and remember this moment oh um you know
I'm gonna take a selfie right now okay
go to mom photobomb
oh no hog Sodapop okay and I will post
that selfie on screen right now okay
everyone take a selfie I want everyone
to take your selfie and send it to me on
Twitter world for me would I do it right
now we left a skid mark on blackwell
last night like it needs another one I'd
like to do something good for my school
in Arcadia Bay I can't even submit my
photo to represent I just don't want to
be rejected every great artist gets
rejected before they get accepted so you
have to enter a photo and even though
I'm pimping the school in town you want
to torch come on I don't want to see our
Cadia baifern to the shore I just say
shit like that because I've been trying
to get out of here since since you left
basically oh I could find Rachel than
pay Frank off I'm still leaving to start
a whole new life you could just hang out
all morning with be used to drive school
maybe we should get up I have to get
back to black well soon know you don't
were suspended criminal Oh nobody says
run in my homework
if I don't turn it in the school contact
my folks again and max gets in more
trouble so the bad the bad that bad okay
Sharpton up all right come on now no
wasting time okay
I put homework to do shit oh this is so
cute it's like a girls night out I need
to get dressed yes good dressed okay
let's get dressed okay
still reeks like a chlorine oh shit
should we borrow some clothes off Chloe
okay yeah let's okay let's let's pour
enough on Chloe time for some Chloe cars
Chloe guys play oh hey there you go
Rachel left a bunch of her clothes with
me
she's your size Oh but not quite my
style max you don't have a cell yet at
least give it a try yeah come on it's an
opponent's rewind back to your chlorine
brand t-shirt engineer jeans he's stuck
I like my certain genes but it would be
cool to try on Rachel's yeah this trick
he just needs if it fits stop
second-guessing yourself back put this
on and let your inner punk rock girl
come out yeah you can afford to take
chances yeah whenever and whatever you
want to try for example I dare you to
kiss me what I double dare you kiss me
now
what okay so do not kiss the glory Oh
what I'm not sure I feel about this why
they giving me the choice is it bad to
not listen I'm pretty sure 99 percent
will kisser you know me
okay look at these bad guys look at this
face you already know what I'm gonna
choose don't you don't
Kayson give up oh damn here hardcore max
now I can text Warren and tell him he
doesn't stand a chance unless he's into
girl-on-girl action there is such a dork
oh man that was priceless when I kissed
Chloe she didn't think I would know that
was the most disappointing kiss I've
ever seen in my entire life okay let's
just get dressed screw it that was all
good together oh my god I kind of kind
of we shouldn't do that she was like and
she was like oh you stupid girl like
that you're doing oh shit looking flat
looking sick max a couple tats and
piercings and we'll make a thresher out
of you yet ready for the mosh pit shot
come from Shaka brah maybe not go on
down to say hi to Joyce breakfast
I answered wake-and-bake sighs Jesus
Christ I promised not to tell
let's not rewind and find out k yeah
wake and bake was that waking up and
smoking the wheat look at max you look
so cool okay let's go and get some
breakfast oh my god that smells so
amazing
Oh like when we were kids here I could
smell the bacon let me tell you one
thing I can smell the bacon limit M you
one thing I'm a Jamaican okay sorry
saying the word bacon I have to say to
Jamaican accent why is this girl singing
maybe tell you one thing I listen girl
joycie why you singing let me tell you
one thing good morning Joyce Rachel uh I
mean max let me Rachel oh you startled
me
well you fit those clothes well
thank god you're not a Hellraiser lock
her Oh Chloe now tell me exactly what
you want a towel
oh she's so nice
pancakes I'm dying for some of your
famous pancakes I thought you would have
missed those ah you ate more than
William and he loved them recipes
William we would race each other to grab
them from the stack
voila a breakfast fit for us Queens and
a king go sit at the table Oh her
mother's nice Joyce
Josh Joyce is a nice Beach I mean girl
okay let's chow down on some pancakes
every time I see someone eat pancakes
and video games I just think I want the
bang cakes
I want the pancakes now listen you
stupid girl stop bloody singing and hand
me over that pancakes now I all look so
yummy
what pancakes thank you so much choice
leave a like if you want to find a table
good you can clean listen go I'm not
cleaning okay okay let's see this no no
oh I would love pancakes i want pancakes
i'm so tempted to stop this video right
now and go get some pancakes Joyce we
got that seeing you again ah made me
remember so much oh I know these photos
don't measure up to your work max my
favorite photographers probably take
pictures similar to yours Oh make David
happy Joyce he wants us all to be happy
max it's just not great at showing it I
don't think I can rock this outfit like
Rachel you have your own cool style huh
this episode so cute it's like no pass
app nothing's happening totally remember
that day
I'm glad William took this picture with
his instant camera oh it was the last
picture he ever took he had his car out
right after this and oh did he die from
a car no choice I'm sorry
shit I think he did I didn't show you
this to be morbid in fact I want you to
have this
oh this was when my baby was so full of
life and light
she was hopeful as it hits everything
she's not today
this was the last time I ever saw Chloe
truly happy oh I need speak of the devil
- you guys have a bonding session about
how fucked up I am yes it's not always
about you Chloe
please it's too early to start picking a
fight heat instead yeah 8:00 I'll keep
the warden busy while you go peek in the
garage now stop whispering or I'll know
you're talking about me being so nosy
mother jeez I can't do anything around
here without everybody getting up in my
shit oh no one can even joke with you
Chloe you fly off the handle like that
excuse me I have to use the bathroom
sure run off in pee when you should back
me up now who's being paranoid
fucking watch mommy listen to yourself
nobody else does she I don't fight like
that with my mom I do need to get into
David's computer he's gotta be hiding
shit no I mean moms could be annoying
sometimes but what I do is I just I just
avoid them I just run away whenever my
Martin starts yelling so gran good I'm
like mum okay I'm gonna go upstairs so
dark out there
she's a computer no shit it needs a
password
how about step two shut up try again
I need more clues okay we need more
clues
is it this Oh score knocks oh it was the
day of something
spoiler alert Rachel definitely hooked
up with Frank but why does David care
what Rachel has been cutting class a
week Frank and Rachel meet once again
you think Frank did something with
Rachel Oh shitty instead of stalking
Kate David could have helped her oh look
all this portfolio he's got on Kate this
is so wrong oh my God he's got my own
like school schedule that is really
weird that's really weird
okay better tell Chloe about this now oh
shit oh it's just one more thing to make
her sad and mad oh hello Chloe oh shit
hmm
nice breakfast David you back already
I have to take a nap after writing up
vandalism reports last night Oh what
happened
some little shit ass Punk's broke into
the swimming pool this is what happens
at these PC bullshit colleges entitled
students taking over the campus oh do
you know for sure it was Blackwell
students who else would do it and I'm
gonna bust them Buster don't bust me
please
shit he doesn't even know it's us he's
in luck what are you doing it figures
you'd be here is that your Rachel amber
Halloween costume you know more about
her than me must be nice to be suspended
and have some free time off black Oh
leave max alone Taylor stop threatening
students a threat ease them with
surveillance cameras so we can spy on
everybody like he spies on all of us
here
don't start Chloe oh not now yeah I'm
just always starting shit right you're a
total paranoid thing not don't hit up
Chloe we used to call me a loser for
getting kicked out of blackwell so who's
the loser now David who haven't you
accused or harassed between your
investigations into Rachel and Kate what
have you done besides get in trouble
shit man
well obviously I gotta side with Chloe
you're a bully David I saw you harass
Kate Marsh when she was going through
hell you could have totally helped her
Oh everybody at Blackwell is a suspect
to you except for Nathan Prescott that's
why the students and faculty don't like
you you even threatened me shit I do
respect your service but you don't
respect anybody you're smoking pot in
Chloe's room
that's illegal so is spying on people in
your family at your work why do you have
photos of Kate Marsh and Rachel amber
and your file she will go no low
is this true max yes David why do you
have these files at all I find this very
disturbing oh I do not have to take this
kind of interrogation not from you punks
maybe you should calm down yeah
all you're turning on me now huh course
women always stick together well screw
you screw you David you better go to a
hotel until we figure this out you can't
kick me out of my own home it's my home
David paid for and in my name you know
the law right oh shit I thought I knew a
lot of things like when I'm outflanked
have a nice day
Chloe for once just please shut up
shit Akana
I hope Joyce doesn't hate me for tearing
into David I kind of feel bad about him
I'm not sure like a lot of you guys
don't trust him but I kind of do I don't
know I don't want to see or hear you
again although you've hurt me and my
family enough oh I don't know it's all
kind of trust him
I don't know maybe he's a bad guy or
maybe they get the game wants me to
think he's a nice guy
now pissed off all right Joyce you okay
max don't beat yourself up David earned
this all by himself
shit yeah well I mean like there is a
lot of questions that he's not answering
so like it's his own fault the little
gate all right
max that gave me chills and you better
not remind this one okay oh shit
let's go that was a bit weird she I
should have seen what it was like when I
David listen when I went through David's
laptop I found pictures of Rachel and
Frank shit being more than friends right
no way this she was just posing to tease
Frank if you're not gonna believe me why
don't we check out
Qasim's are oh what's that gonna prove
Frank has Rachel's bracelet what else
does he have in there
motherfucker better not have anything
for his sake we going is all V we're
just sneaking everywhere all week today
video let's check the door Frank it's so
wasted he sometimes forgets to lock it
shit what is he eating bloody piece of
poo he's anything like a plate of poo he
literally looks like poo my poo at least
I can't believe you hung out with him
not anymore he has to be casual ninjas
here casual ninjas it's lost shit balls
okay here's the plan
I'll go to the diner and distract Frank
by telling him I have his money but he
needs to come with me
that you come in and whine so Frank
doesn't see me then you can tell Frank
he needs to check out his RV and then
you rewind after you get the key and uh
Chloe I got a cheer is it job job was
confusing about my epic plan getting
away I said it though I get the key go
in and everyone time and then I'm
already in and then yeah
okay I had the keys Jesus Christ I took
me a hell of a long time I think I might
skip until I find it oh wait now it's
that girl again she's gonna get hit with
something oh she gets something out this
with every episode oh shit I'm sorry God
but it's too funny all right sweet we've
got the keys Chloe I should have known
the amazing spider-man I couldn't have
done it without Frank now let's get in
and out come on let's do this you'll
need this max it's a bolt there doggies
going to eat my face off on your mark
get set
throw throw it throw I don't know hmm
throw towards the road oh my god you
already know the dogs gonna get run over
if I do that right
hit the treat treat boy the meat is in
the street no please please do not let
that poor dog be hit
I bet he's fine I'm sure he is come on
we definitely don't have time to waste
now oh no I thought I thought I mean oh
please please don't let that dog be hurt
or worse Gogi are you okay
doggy I want to see okay I'm gonna be
one time another comments would forgive
me if I let that dog died all right
let's pray the parking lot
Gogi one guy I promise nice cut the tree
tree I think we just made that dog our
bit yeah get it get it cuz now I can
smell dogs oh but he's not waste time
cuz that's what they called ya the doggy
is busy now but he might come what why
would I want to kill the dog ah I mean I
would kill em and I wouldn't know let's
just go in here I should probably stop
talking there I would kill the dog if no
no if you shouldn't eat my face off I
would that's the only time I thought my
room was a shit'll shitty you're not a
creepy drug dealer
yeah Frank has issues but he's not
creepy he is bloody creepy at least I
didn't think so until I saw him with
Rachel's bracelet
it massively found rachel's body in the
in the in the uh-huh we could cruise
everywhere in this bad boy
we shouldn't see us heading down the
coast of big Sergio it steal it yes be
tearing up the highway and you'd
probably want me to kiss you again yeah
Chloe or in a schedule we need clues
about Rachel come on you bitch
find the glues I know just daydreaming
Blue's Clues all right come on final
shit we need evidence to find out where
rachel is my blade will open any portal
Hey max you're so cringe books what is
this secret diary of some sorting x' huh
what could it mean huh oh man Rachel and
Frank stop oh I don't know if I should
be touched or disturb talks to the Serbs
hope you Frankie hope you read this
first thing in the morning sorry about
last night I was being a monstrous bitch
and took it out on you and poor papi mon
Dieu is that what the dogs called
there's a lot of weird shit going on in
my life and sometimes I feel like I'm
never going to get out of this place
thank God for you you're the best thing
that's ever happened to me and I smile
when we're all together let's just drive
out here forever oh I'm glad Rachel got
to drive this beast
she looks genuinely happy there's so
many Rito really did hang out with Frank
should be I'm learning more about Rachel
and I want to know Shady her titties are
out hmm
trouble in paradise trouble in paradise
Frank that was not cool what you did and
don't blame the drugs you actually
scared me and I thought you'd never
chill out I've never seen you act this
way and the next time you will be the
last I'm a Leo and we don't look back I
care about you a ass and so maybe we
need to take a break oh shit that's bad
trouble in paradise indeedy Shady damn
alright let's talk to Chloe I found this
book of secrets
that makes me ill that Rachel posed like
this for Frank oh I wrote him love
letters I can't believe she was banging
Frank
Rachel straight-up lied to my face why
didn't she say anything cuz she knew how
you would react and she wasn't much of a
friend huh just another person who shits
all over me folks should thing annoys
everybody in my life let me down my dad
get him killed you bail on me for years
my mother gloms onto step fucker me no
Rachel portrays me Chloe
rachel is missing nobody betrayed you
bullshit
who hasn't fuck everybody got saying
these things just closed Oh shitty No
you should have done that man oh no the
dog okay is you're not gonna notice his
dog barking outside how do you not know
it was his dog one idiot he didn't know
it was his dog was just barking away oh
shit
we made Chloe angry Chloe you can't keep
blaming me and everybody for everything
wrong in your life yeah come on now no
not fair not fair man I blame somebody
otherwise it's all my fault it is that
huh listen oh we we can have our first
fight by me telling her to grow up oh
yeah that's fine no it's not fine yeah I
want to fight
grow up god you're not the only one in
Arcadia Bay with problems Kate Marsh
almost yes Kate Marsh almost killed
herself such sad okay that doesn't make
me feel any better about my fucked up
life get it so who do you most want to
blame my fucking dad of course hello
William you blame William really yes I
do
damn right he chose to go out that door
and leave me forever Chloe your dad
didn't choose to leave you I know that
max my mom actually blames herself just
because she wanted a ride home from work
sometimes even I blame her no you don't
yes max I do do you know what it's like
to wait for your father to come home
when you're her kid
oh never does no of course not but I was
with you that day it was just a terrible
accident I wish that made me feel better
but ever since he died my life has been
dipped in shit I can tell you're still
here you don't want to hear this but
you're still here alive with me and that
is no accident you're right I don't want
to hear this Chloe I can't do this out
on my own I need you with me and Rachel
needs you
ah this episode so like talking you know
not much is happening we're just finding
out more information about stuff about
the characters and stuff I feel ah she's
mad at me
she well sobbing a stubborn bitch all
right Chloe max what are you doing
taking pictures you should probably give
in your picture okay oh look at that
maybe we should have that in is our
picture ah
salvia dyma yeah like like I said
nothing's happening in this in this
episode it's like a really filler
episode oh my god what the hell oh my
god
what has happening flashback ooh hello
flashback ooh
guys guys flashback
oh my god ah use a and D what is this
gameplay hold space what
someday dad will get one of them
newfangled computers oh my god flashback
I hope the flash didn't scare you max
hmm this is a keeper
not until I see it first you know the
rules dad thanks tell him whoa hey you
look totally pale are you okay yeah I
just uh yeah I'm fine
okay Chloe give me the thumbs-up or
thumbs-down well I might just allow this
one into the family album
you're the what is this not the cook
William is here daddy yes this weekend
Chloe is just a kid when serve us
slackers and my fats are back in time
you mean pancakes in France they call
them I'm 18 years old for inside with
you I volunteer to break the eggs this
is insane I've got so mad I'm done with
that Chloe's dad still alive that's true
shitty shitty shitty don't you dare
question the chef right like you're the
real cook here what do I do
why it's all blurry here like I can't
step out of the photographic Wow oh my
god this is scary
are you guys okay the phone's ringing
hey honey
just making a fabulous breakfast with
Chloe and Max we're all going to work at
the two whales what
oh I didn't know you had to get
groceries oh I'll come pick you up oh
now I'll an excuse to get a mocha know
be there shortly
don't go lovey you're gonna die in a
cancer to stop William from taking his
car today ladies I have to go rescue
yonder Queen at the Save Mart maybe oh
we don't have many bags of delicious
grub for us to feast on ridiculous shut
up grateful for that someday everyone
time I can maybe I answer the telephone
guys or look I can unplug the phone
disconnected oh that's so small so now
like he now they won't get the phone
call and now he won't leave can I speak
to these guys
uh-huh mr. price in case you're thinking
about using your car
I heard there's all for traffic and road
construction so you shouldn't drive at
all max you were the road warrior
I promise if I have to go anywhere I'll
Drive like I'm taking a test fair enough
not really
I just know the roads are bad and stuff
so so you since you're obviously my
personal GPS I feel safer already so
don't look so worried max oh shit
I'm not sure what to do Chloe Chloe
listen don't let your dad take his car
today I know it sounds weird but please
believe me something terrible is going
to happen you have to stop him from
driving anywhere whatever weirdo what
kind of thing is that to say about my
dad I'm not joking then you stop him
super max oh shit
but I unplugged the phone right so
should be fine oh he's got his cell
phone hey honey I have no idea why the
home phone didn't ring oh shit
shit where are my keys oh the dollar for
the swear jar you mean your college fund
he's looking for his keys maybe we
should hide his keys
where's his keys aha shit you can't hide
that is groups all right
let's rewind time and I'd steal his keys
or here we go score
yes hmm we stolen his keys now what I
can hide the keys here oh I didn't know
you had to get groceries of course I'll
come pick you up now I'll have an excuse
to get a mother oh you're there short I
put it down the sink
oh my god it cuts a black I know I had
those keys right here I know it oh my
god
forgot all about you little buddy
release the keys shitty of course
last time I order from Spy Guy
electronics you can take the bus right
the stop is right down the street this I
can do good call max oh yeah the bus is
great it comes every 15 minutes and
they'll be plenty of room for you and
joys and groceries and and I'll say the
environment shit resold me already I'm
off to yonder bus stop Joyce will love
this so what does that actually happen
in real life did I actually save the dad
max you were being so fucking strange
you feel okay Chloe I am awesome we are
awesome that's insane
is it actually gonna happen
oh my god the past is all going oh my
god this is messing with my head
this is so weird
that never happened that's gonna
disintegrate learn shit this is crazy
man oh shit aah oh my god a happy
birthday
guys oh my god oh my god shit is this
hello are you even listening Maxine Oh
what Ropin finally told me that work in
the max hold everything
never Maxine I know sorry Mad Max you're
not pissed at me right right people do
you want to go hit the girls potty and
smoke a peace pipe hey max its high
she's acting like so weird you cool I'm
friends with his guy but he listened
when I said we shouldn't let her in the
vortex
Courtney you don't want anybody in the
club like what ever Finch oh my god show
me what would have happened Warren he
hooked up with Starr Oh No
I've not even saying hi shit my life has
changed oh no this is totally fucked up
what else have I changed
Chloe Chloe yeah fine Chloe oh shit
hello
mr. driver this is so weird
I like this now this is cool I like this
it show me what if is it showing me or
is this actually now the rest of the
game
I don't know I don't get it it's just
making my head hurt this is making my
head hurt so much what's going on I want
to know what Khloe's doing and is Rachel
back now will she ever friends with
Rachel why is there buzzer oh guys okay
is this cool bus stopping
oh my god what they're looking at is it
the storm
what's happening
is that a way
oh my god
three whales on the shore
what's going on
Louis house go go go go
guys
I don't know this nodding my head
this is so weird I hope Chloe remembers
me max Caulfield taking a break after
taking Seattle by storm
we thought we never see you again after
you left for the big city all no I never
just had to Chloe speaking of I know
she's been dying to see you
hold on Oh Chloe you have a visitor
it's Chloe gonna be different
whoa
what what
what what come on
so if I didn't if I could I save this
dad she got her in the car crash it's
just he and isn't it what is the Wester
game gonna be like that now I bet it's
not oh my god why would you end the
video and an episode like that shit this
episode was really weird it's like
nothing really happened but that ending
sort of damn I don't know what to think
about that okay guys said that was
episode 3 now a lot of you guys have
been asking me to do like just one video
per episode so I thought I'll try it you
know I think it might be a little bit
too long so but yeah because like only
some people are watching it I thought I
might as I just do it so you don't feel
obliged to watch it all in one go you
know I tried to cut out all the boring
parts but yeah so yeah I'm an end the
video here as soon as we reach 10,000
likes i'll upload episode 4 okay so yeah
that's pretty much that's pretty mad how
this episode ended and I'm really
excited to now like find out all these
answers I feel like this episode was
just making so many more questions and
it was making like think it was
developing the characters but I'm sure
next episode it gets crazy and I'm sure
the last episode we're gonna have all
our questions answered anyway guys thank
you so much for watching and I will see
you in the next video of man so now the
guys love you ba ba
