no no no no no
oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
in his measure selfie and today ladies
June we are back yet again when Ladd is
strange so there you go so much for
supporting series so far be sure to keep
hitting the like button that's like the
main thing that I want to stress about
to sort of keep the engagement you know
I'll keep the keep uploading the next
episode when we reach 10,000 likes and
oh yeah I am I'm really liking the
series so far I am hearing that there's
some crazy stuff that happens in this
episode so let us get into it baby you
okay you saved me again
cursey now we're totally bonded for life
damn I was a tense very close a train
was about aren't you glad I took you
away to a nice quiet desolate spot null
is cool to spend time in your lair by
really mad I have to get back to school
before my next class since you're the
mysterious superhero I'll be your
faithful chauffer and companion there's
bloody night at hours I might not last
Chloe that's okay we will Oh forever
oh sweet we're best friends forever
ah he's just such a girly book that got
girly gay but I love it so much thanks
for the write right on time for my art
lesson oh thanks for coming with me
sorry to be so boring boring
not exciting ever happens to us right
how is listen your rewind power has to
be connected to that snow yesterday it's
the store might explain your tornado
vision I mean tornado explain what
explain what snow equals a ginormous
twister that takes out Arcadia Bay oh
you're high I wish I wake up max you
saved my life twice now you over the
course of my destiny yours and whoever
I'm not go super do you know about chaos
theory chaos theory uh
No uh it means shit happens
shit happens no crazy shit happens
because it can't uh and we'll crazy
Jimmy I'm just a geek girl in some small
town a perfect example of strange
attractors they teach you kids
anything it like well we have a tornado
rewind power and freaks know
hello Armageddon oh my goodness party
with your power rock star but like he
said Professor price a superhero needs a
sidekick
how can it be such a shitty week and yet
one of the best of my life because are
back in action again shake Vega oh this
is so cute this is so cute
now I know this is cute and all but I'm
worried that something's gonna happen
between us okay I haven't I have a bad
feeling okay ah but I'm glad to have my
goody-goody friend we're so kawaii
together it's so good I love it so much
okay how long this episode I don't know
how long this like the rest of this
level is gonna be but yeah enter the
vortex club piss off that's where that
girl got kidnapped I have a little time
before mr. Jefferson's class so I can do
some wandering oh I could oh shit the
principal's over there I know what I
talked did anyone should I talk to the
principal now is that B the bloody it
are they a soul the vortex club should
we speak to this girl Courtney course
Hal max no photos please well I have to
come up with a guest list for a vortex
club soiree
why oh like you care what I know this
guy she is one of Victoria's bitches I
do let's be nice to one okay maybe it
will cut I'll have good consequences I'm
not anti sway you seem anti fashion
though a vortex club party has a strict
dress code nice clothes you even have a
dress oh sorry but nice try
why are some in three one time piss off
you stupid bitch actually no less less
less less let's rewind time uh oh look
we have dress cold yeah just go I'm sure
the vortex club has a dress code
Oh as you can see I would need your
advice on what to wear
oh thanks man
I didn't think you noticed high-fashion
would rinse tell you what I'll put you
down on the guest list and before the
party I can give you some tips
oh thanks Courtney I'll send you the
party info later back to the list Oh
see what I mean guys if you be free be
nice to some people they'll be nice back
okay piss off Courtney I still don't
like you oh shit look there's David okay
listen
Joshua speak to him we're looking at
excuse me mr. Madsen I know things got a
little heated yesterday in Khloe's room
huh was that really your reefer oh shit
uh yes yes it was you know that
marijuana is almost legal in Oregon I
can get it at blackwell are you gonna
bust me mr. Madsen even I'm not that
much of an asshole and I am sorry about
yesterday I was wrong but upset cannabis
is not a big deal to you but it has been
to Chloe you're a combat veteran she's
no threat to you
if I care about her I wouldn't care at
all when I was her age I was out raised
a lot more hell she's better than that
all you kids are so is Kate Marsh uh uh
Kate okay what about Kate what about
Kate you step between us at a pretty bad
time
she's another matter and tired pedo five
he hasn't done anything yeah what if you
die max this isn't just about Kate Marsh
my concern is for the safety of all
Blackwell students including you I don't
just take more than surveillance cameras
it will take more than miss grant and
her petition to find missing students
shit isn't that your responsibility as
head of security yeah unless you know
something about Rachel amber that nobody
else does oh I don't want to fight with
you anymore I don't want to fight with
anyone anymore huh
that's all max look max in faces like
you base up bloody shit I will bloody
kill you okay just you wait okay I don't
want to talk to anyone else so look at
Julie at locus and we've holding hands
you dirty little slutty
Juliet is laying the smackdown mum
rude oh shit so Logan is not even her
boyfriend Zachary is she oh man oh shit
look there's Kate help me
I'm trying but you have to understand my
position
wait what help me with what Holly with
what you don't understand mine nobody
does
don't paw he can't listen at all don't
come near me
what do you mean okay something happened
to Kate okay no way we know what
happened to Kate she got touched uh by
some dude spot by that guy shit
Jefferson hello excuse me max Q come
over here okay you look worried
is everything okay sorry to bother you
mr. Jefferson I'm only bothered when you
avoid turning in photos but you know
this so what can I do for you next just
between you and me I'm worried about
Kate Marsh that's no secret word on the
street is that you and Kate had a little
confrontation with our security chief oh
shit
how does he know that never mind not
exactly never mind sorry I have to go
and work on my photo oh you can talk to
me anytime and max can I talk to you
about Kate oh I assume you know about
this viral video
oh shit k is freaked out kate is freaked
out by office she can't do homework
while she's being tormented on a daily
basis what if Gabe brought this on
herself what she means well but maybe
she doth protest too much what she seems
like she's holding back the truth no if
you talked to her oh shit
should we tell him um no no I just don't
want Kate Marsh to be the next Rachel
amber I think Laurel amber what does she
have to do with Kate with all her
missing persons posters around it's hard
not to think of her I miss Rachel too
but think about yourself max Oh
principal wells told me about what you
said happened in the bathroom Jesus
Christ does he know everything that I
said that's private pistol that was a
private conversation not that I wouldn't
tell you yeah this is a serious
accusation max good it says I don't
believe me
I would never make something like this
up I hope so max but it's easy to point
fingers
if mr. Matson claims you might be a pot
dealer as he did should I believe him
listen should I so much scuse me he
knows everything about my life you
little shit um hold on I have to take
this yeah I'm still in a class and I'll
be there soon
listen teacher I liked you when I first
met you but now I'm thinking you're a
bit of an ass okay piss off knows
everything about me
maybe beautiful heating oh oh hey Ben
person vote you are out of control
turn left why are you bitching is she
love die speak to this girl how do I
know time to talk max what posing in
progress
I think max will be pissed we're sitting
at her desk well I can I'm sure she'll
report us to the fence I'm standing
right here I give a flying fuck yeah or
she'll run to mr. Jefferson like he
gives a shit
standing why hey guys does max is such a
little Shh I think she can hear us yes
I'm Stanley I cannot Richard is right
there guys come on speak to this guy
there be quiet Victoria we have a master
snitch in life it's this guy paparazzi I
want that photo whore or I get nasty
punch Oh too late
punch Oh burn max is so fearless when
she has backup right can I sit at my
table now Punk drop don't get cocky
well this isn't over want some all that
fighting shit's just starting max you
want some
I will bloody kill your ass us assholes
okay sit down all right I'm ready for
clothes Jesus Christ what is with this
school they're a bunch of ourselves good
thing I have Chloe okay me and Chloe
that's the good and the bad is everyone
else mmm this Kate oh wait is she being
followed
okay why is David taking photos of Kate
yeah now this is so wrong he's a big
mall pedophile
I'm scared guys I'm scared oh shit look
there's a warrant I think his name is
hello Oh what up max
oh hello one more I saw Kate earlier
for puffy for right Oh Kate has a lot on
her plate I don't know what's the same
didn't tell me okay I know you love me
but if you're not in this class beat it
everybody else please sit down Sealand
to cover today and so little time as
usual okay I see all the usual suspects
here
anybody seen Kate Marsh okay so
everybody has seen Kate Marsh by now
okay not feeling good sounds like you're
giggling about a video gone viral
oh maybe it involves a student or a
friend I wonder how it would feel to
have false images of yourself shout out
all over the world Oh usually people
need something to judge so they never
take a good look at themselves
we can thank reality what's your problem
what who is this meant to be it's cool
that mr. Jefferson published his own
little book of photo tips
oh speaking of participation there are a
few souls here who have yet to enter a
photo in the contest shitty like max
Caulfield for example who I know can't
wait to enter right uh-oh I'm sure you
read the syllabus like it was a Harry
Potter book so you must know today we're
studying kero kero kero scare off that
beautiful word about the contrast
between light and dark it's basic yin
and yang black and white images are
effective precisely because of their
contrasts although we don't technically
see in mono
some crazy Syd is going down with the
girls door wall that area do not come
into my class like that ever ago listen
everybody remains everyone just leave it
gloss shit what's going on the ghost all
dismissed
oh shit we all just left out hello hello
is this for real
what No
no not Kate not Kate not Kate no no no
no no she can't die
she can't my god we're going to save her
oh my god no
no no not now go go go I have to try
something I won't be able to rewind
again and again what do you mean
what do I do
guys I don't know what to do what do I
do
guys oh my god what the shit is this oh
my god guys keep going back for more
they can do it this is so scary
Kate don't pigeons
my god oh my god oh my god okay don't
fall no no no no no no no no no no see
where I can save her guys please tell me
I could save up enter okay okay enter
the bill iron to the building into the
building come on come on come on come on
shit guys Oh
guys yes
no don't please go do not I like you
Kate we're friends okay just don't fall
Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate can say
something before she jumps come on come
on
ah no what are you doing here Mac stop
don't come near me now it won't work I
don't have any power now I have to do
this by myself
oh my seriously don't come near me I
will jump okay okay I'm right here
Kate please Oh max I know you want to
help me and well that you stepped up to
David but it doesn't matter now oh
nothing matters no it does things will
get better
you matter not just to me okay do you
matter and not just to me I don't want
to believe that you don't hate your life
is still yours and we can get through
this together
let me help you I'm glad to hear you
worry about me that makes me feel better
yes
okay you're my friend I'm here for you
I don't know they're exactly the same I
don't know one of them is gonna be bad
shit you're my friend I'm here for you
you're my friend
of course I worry you're my friend Kate
I did feel better talking to you on the
phone I always feel like you really
listen my door was oh please trust me
come stand by me okay
I can help him out I know I can
this morning I erased the web link to
the video it was written on the shower
room mirror that's your story now how
can I trust you what about this morning
when I needed help you told me to do
nothing no shit I wasn't sure I need
more time too dangerous for us I'm
gathering proof I'm gathering proof I
need more time I'm gathering proof
hey I'm gathering proof that Nathan
Prescott drugged you and you're not the
only victim yes so you have to help me
take Nathan down yes he's in Prescott
that makes sense
yes he's a scumbag you have proof now
just then straight to the police think
of it like we're cleansing blackwell
yeah you do have my back Mac yes that's
the first time I felt hopeful in a week
oh we're Gordon good we all need to have
each other's backs so I want you to come
with me now did I do it right you don't
have to do this max I'm in a nightmare
and I can't wake up no unless I put
myself to sleep no no no don't say that
then everybody at blackwell compose pics
of my body no horny on the internet
forever no no no wonder they call it a
web nothing can ever get out like my
video shit I wish I could go back in
time and erase everything shit
there are billions of videos no be
strong everyone will forget
nobody cares Kate oh shit don't be
another viral Victoria video in a day
and everybody will forget you can't
scrub my video from the internet and
that's how I'll be remembered no no no
no baby help no no no I should I don't
think you should do this to all the
little bit here about you
no nobody cares about me oh my do your
mother your father brothers your sisters
I don't know oh my god your mother what
about your mother Kate you'll destroy
her she doesn't care about a video she
loves you you don't know my mother at
all oh no she already thinks Satan has
me on the fast track to hell let's prove
it no no
shit I know this isn't pleasant for any
of us but we have to go over what
happened before miss Marsh before she
did what she did officer Barry will be
taking notes for the official police
inquiry
I'm sure you'll give him your full
cooperation such a tragedy but there
must be a reason for everything we need
to find out why Kate Marsh would be
driven to such desperate action as
principal of Blackwell Academy I take my
duties seriously I take the well-being
of every student more seriously what
happened today should never happen in a
Hall of wisdom and knowledge mr. Madsen
as our head of security here those roof
doors should always be locked that's
just standard operating procedure they
were not and that is indeed your
responsibility mr. Jefferson I know you
can't be expected to know what your
students are going through but Kate has
assisted you in class so you should have
known something was amiss mr. Prescott
since you are responsible for the vortex
club parties and since miss Marsh did
attend your last party you'll have to
answer some more questions miss
Caulfield why exactly were you on the
route with Kate Marsh did she tell you
her plan or anything at all please tell
us everything is she really gone
shit was that I'm sure there must have
been a way to save her I kind of want to
look it up nah let's not look it up
it'll ruin the experience for me Nathan
dosed her I don't think they're gonna
believe me if I blame Nathan
David bullied her or Jefferson made her
cry who's Jefferson I just blame my
Jefferson I saw mr. Jefferson talking to
Kate right before a class then she ran
off crying mark I do know that Miss
Marsh has assisted you on class events
Kate miss Marsh has been very withdrawn
lately I assume this awful video was the
cause I hated seeing the students laugh
at her she told me max was the only one
who believed her we'll take her calls
and actually listen to her she shouldn't
have asked to be on video Mackin with
some dude you asked she didn't ask for
any of this no on the contrary max was
right to bring this up now I wanted to
help but I guess I was too late well now
this is problematic the publicity is
rising and perhaps you shouldn't
represent Blackwell at the everyday
heroes contest in San Francisco are you
serious whoa I am we don't need any
negative press about that event and we
need to involve the Academy and possible
disciplinarian measures for you whilst
and there are bigger things at stake
than me the life of a young girl for one
all right miss Caulfield please sign
here to confirm what you've told us I'll
continue this investigation from there
my head is killing me shit but I think I
can use my power again do you think I
should blame it on this guy to see what
they say I'm gonna blame it up I'm gonna
blame it on him just to see what they
saying if it's a bad decision okay let's
let's say Nathan Doster
all I know is that Kate was at a party
and Nathan dosed her she got wasted and
kissed some boys on a viral video
without a clue why I dosed her huh
without a clue have you seen the video
what ever kate was loaded and your
lehigh revealed
you told Kay you took her to the
emergency room I said I was going to
take her to the ER she sobered up
eventually bullshit something happened
to her and you know it how about we talk
about you waiting a gun in the girl's
back that's total slander I could sue
you and this school so fast I already
have a personal lawyer Oh careful
mr. Prescott I've been told of this
alleged gun incident and I have to admit
that the video in question was sent to
me by multiple sources including me and
since mr. Prescott does appear
prominently in the video and was
responsible for the party I have no
choice but to suspend him and all other
notice whatever seeing Court whoa excuse
me I think Max and Nathan need a break
before we grill them further a friend
and fellow student is dead and they
don't need this forum right now yes I'm
kind of devastated right now I'd like to
be with my family all right miss
Caulfield please sign here to confirm
what you've told us yeah I'll continue
this investigation what do you think
guys
I don't know I think I like this teacher
but I think he's going to be really
angry if I do it later on um I'm gonna
blame on a teacher
okay I'm gonna mix things up I know most
of you will be like dad blame on Nathan
but oh no I'm gonna blame on the teacher
okay so I blamed it on mr. Jefferson so
sorry about a guy's some of you guys
might be angry about that but I don't
care oh I feel so sorry for Kate do you
think that could have been a way for me
to stop that I think that it seemed well
I think we know less now than when we
started
we'll be assisting the police with
further enquiries it's I know this has
been a stressful day has a stress I wish
i
the power to change it all for the
better so thank you for coming in Dan I
did everything I could
it just it seems like a massive thing
that happens in this game so I don't
think I could have stopped that but I
felt like I was doing such a good job at
convincing her but then they asked me
who cares about you your parents your
mom or dad or promises can't believe it
it's like it wasn't even real I know
right watching her drop like a weight I
really thought I could save her like a
superhero oh come on max do not for a
second blame yourself
Oh Kate was on that roof for her reasons
not yours my hand just reached out stop
it
you're the only one with balls enough to
run to the roof shit you're the only one
who cared your date yeah I sure made a
big fucking difference maybe if more
people cared better people than me
you're the best person around Warren I
screwed up today that makes no logical
sense Warren I don't mean to sound weird
but there's something ominous going on
at blackwell today prove that and I'm
working on proof that Kate Marsh is
connected to Rachel amber somehow along
with Nathan and mr. Madsen I'm not a big
conspiracy guy but I wouldn't doubt it
Nathan did scare me yesterday and Madsen
is a straight-up dickhead so what do you
think is really happening what the hell
is this snow
oh wait weather confirms this weird day
feel that chill max there was no eclipse
scheduled today I would know how would
shit Oh woman likes me
I believe you Warren I believe anything
this way
I think that's the end of this episode
lore'l I feel so sad now this game was I
was so excited to play his game because
I thought it would be like I mean I
thought I'd be uplifting but it's so
like sad it covers like so many deep
dark issues you know I mean it's a good
it's a good game so far and I know it's
setting up for some crazy stuff you know
there's so many questions our poor
teacher there's so many questions that
like won't be answered I mean will be
answered later on and yeah like with it
we're slowly finding out with it every
like episode some answers
I feel like the first two episodes of
sort of like setting up ash are
victorious crying do you think Victoria
feels bad well maybe she was in on it
ah don't trust him
don't trust him at all and there's this
guy with his dog Dam dam dam dam dam dam
dam shit hope you guys are enjoying the
series like I said before be sure to
leave a like if you guys want me to
continue this I feel like I'm making
different choices are those kids crazy
don't act like you guys cared man don't
bully anyone in school guys do not bully
anyone it is not right okay
it is not right and do not think about
committing suicide that too is not right
okay guys smoking that ganja
ah
the Eclipse freaks me out let's find out
what's going on together
ah she's at the thingy again she's at
the light
Oh Rachel
what about cake damn I was sad
Kate another file
why is their files on Kat Kait and
Rachel okay that's a bit weird
okay so that was episode two out of time
all right let's go quickly see our
choices okay so you told Kate to wait
for more proof which maybe see like six
ten percent of people said that but
maybe if I if I told Kate to go to the
police I don't know
I answered Kate's call that's good I
don't regret that you tried to shew
Frank fifty two percent did to those
being a rebel oh my god you could save
kay oh shit I could have saved Kay no
way no way no way no way no way no way
no way
shit and I blamed Jefferson with 13%
guys do you think I should pledge you
think I should go back do you think I
should go back and try and save Kate how
though okay guys I'm back so the video
was kind of short so I thought in this
video I will see if I can save her now
I'm pretty sure I know how to save her
but uh yeah I think I have to be a
little bit careful with what I say and I
you can do a couple of things before to
help yes but I must I think I can I
think I can save her I think why I
messed up before is that I said that her
mum cares where is actually if you say
that her sisters care alright so let's
try the shit again okay so I think
saying you matter not just to me is fine
okay and I think if we call her her
friend I think that's fine too
okay and I think if I say I'm gathering
proof I think that's fine too okay now I
said before everyone will forget but I
think the right option was be strong hey
this is our chance to beat the bullies
that's the only way we can win against
them
can we really max I don't believe in
miracles anymore either now I do
you're part of the reason why if you
come down with me I can tell you more
you're such a good person Matt that's
even if you're full of crap but I'll
come with you you're my friend forever
can we hug on it no oh
cares about me nobody okay now this is
the part so apparently her mother and
father are really strict with her so you
can't say that she doesn't have brothers
so apparently it's her sisters I don't
know I have not heard anything about her
sisters before this you told me about
your sisters especially the youngest one
what's her name that's Lynn she's only
10 she does have the best smile ever I
would hate to see her sad
oh my god I'm sorry yeah shit sorry what
are you talking about you saved me from
talking in class Oh Shi damn so now
what's gonna happen I was doing them now
I know today was difficult for everybody
but I'm so proud of the way Blackwell
pulled together to save a young girl's
life
oh shit so we're still in the same
situation of course you're quite a hero
for getting Kate to come down max I
didn't do much she's modest like a real
hero yeah real hero
shut up as principal of Blackwell
Academy I tend the exact same okay let's
sign the statement okay so let's see
what happens after I know this has been
a stressful day I wish I had the power
to change it all for the better so thank
you for coming in okay so the language
is a little bit different obviously but
um she okay so what happens now
with me and Warren oh my with Kate she I
couldn't even believe it was happening
it was literally slow motion as I
grabbed her hand and then I could feel
her grabbing mine next
that was the greatest thing I've ever
seen ever you reached out she reached
out hugs tears applause like a superhero
or quite look at me I'm a mess you're
glowing seriously
a human halo I'm pretty sure you earned
your wings today I'm still worried about
Kate she did try to kill herself all
over a video pyrrol is the right word
like a disease so you watched it just
one and a half times all right I don't
mean to sound weird but there's
something ominous going on at blackwell
today proves that and I'm working on
proof that Kate Marsh is connected to
Rachel amber somehow she along with
Nathan and mr. Madsen I'm not a big
conspiracy guy but I wouldn't doubt it
Nathan did scare me yesterday and Madsen
is a straight-up dickhead
so what do you think is really happening
I have no idea hell is this and then the
Eclipse shows and then the news and
weather confirms this weird day okay so
I think that's pretty much everything
different axe with it okay okay guys I'm
gonna end the video here now I have a
question for you guys I think we should
let Kate like not survive and that's not
being me me being mean I think it's
because like I think ivory need to do
what the my first option was what my
first like choice was and outcome was I
don't really like going back on things
but I thought I was personally
interested of like what would happen if
I saved her but I think for the rest of
the game she shouldn't be in the future
if you what do you guys think leave a
comment down below I wanna know you guys
think
we'll change my mind if the majority
wants me to but I hope you guys enjoying
this series so far this has to be the
most intense episode yet so like I
always say leave a like and when we as
soon as you reach 10,000 likes I'll
upload the next episode I hope you guys
are enjoying it I really am now off this
episode I am really excited to finish
this game anyway guys thank you so much
watching and I will see you in the next
video man so there the guys love you ba
ba
