why wish ah I was going to put my leg on
top of my desk like that but I ended up
hitting my desk and now it hurts and now
I don't want to do that joke any woman
ok it's ok I'm fine
hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is measure selfie
today we are gonna be reacting to some
of your cup your means ok and now if you
guys have never heard of this alright
I've shown some examples of times where
I did it in my videos where I keep
falling off my goddamn chair alright so
yeah basically the curb your means are
basically means where something happens
you know and then usually like all falls
apart and then like the Curb Your
Enthusiasm theme plays which is like
this show which you know like has a good
theme you know and it kind of fits you
know when the mean stop explaining
alright let's just watch some stupid
dumb means alright my dream I mean to
write a book I have been well I could
read it's okay the context zoella is a
really big british youtuber and she's
talking about you know how she really
wants to write her own book you know a
bunch of youtubers have books nowadays
for some reason okay my dream my try me
oh my god since when I read it's all I
did all I did all read it does anyone
else really hate the British accent I
know I'm saying that you know speaking
in a British accent but you know hearing
on zoella
she just has like a really annoying
British accent all my friends would be
out playing I would come home and sit on
my computer I was writing a book she was
just something I love you dear so
lobstering contacted me a wild lion with
hey have you ever you know thought about
writing a book and I was like oh sure of
course she's been writing books as a kid
of course have you ever you know thought
about writing a book and I was like of
course of course I would absolutely love
to might love something that I've done
with cells you know has come from my
brain and got it right pages right book
so I just go write a book
oh this book she was lying this whole
got that time shit write books when she
was a goddamn kid she got someone else
don't why not oh god that book
imagine that okay I imagined that who
was expecting that no one was expecting
that except for Brandon Vera DeWitt
wraps up her argument on why the mayor
should be removed from office and waited
to plant lower your voice thank you
leaves the podium she spots one of the
mayor's staunchest allies
oh yeah right in the doctor
DeWitt is fined $1,500 to 100 hours of
community service and for two hours of
anger-management class
you would do though you would play the
victim okay if you got hit in the back
of the head by someone that you hate all
right you just fall over it happens all
the time in football you know you get
tackled by some guy you don't like you
just fake it
all right and pretend that you know she
doesn't know what to do okay so she went
crazy a bookstore because no one had the
book that she wanted and then she was
like so she went crazy over the fact
that they didn't have it when she could
have it easily you know ordered it
online you know or she could have done
it online but why the bookstores even
exist anymore I don't understand okay
where are iPad was last seen in the
hands of TSA officer Andy Ramirez
oh we waited two weeks all we showed up
oh okay so they left an iPad with this
person who works at airport security TSA
and what did he take the laptop are they
tracking down where the laptop is I
don't know we waited two weeks okay
before we showed up at ramirez's house
Oh the tracking device shows that it's
located right here at this address oh
okay I think he took it I think you took
this person's iPads okay okay is it here
oh and again and again Ramirez denied
knowing anything about the missing iPad
did you take it no sir but shortly after
we set off an audible alarm on the
missing iPad no Amira's reduced it you
you found it
this TSA uniform Nawal Ramirez said it
was his wife who had taken the iPad not
him no I don't want to come inside I
wanted you I want you to explain how
this iPad left at a TSA screening
station ended up in your home your wife
you know that that can't be true because
the last time we saw it was in your
hands yeah guys do not steal all right
because you're gonna get caught or I
don't steal from people especially if
you if you're mentally sort of look
after people at TSA what was this guy
thinking oh good
want to know the real answer whole
street interview it hurts but it's not
like I'm drowning it's just off did the
whole Japan thing 22 years old I bought
my first house for six point five
million dollars oh okay I don't but I
wasn't quite satisfied so I had a koi
pond for this okay okay the guest house
okay yeah we get it got a lot of money
lot of giant truck known as the guitar
okay we get it loaded you have a
school bus and then turn it into a cool
bus I good we get it out a lot of money
all the home computers it keeps going
okay I try not to live my life thinking
about money why would I hate people that
pretend to be someone they not okay I
mean if you're a guy that's spending so
much money on dumb pointless stuff like
what building and transforming a school
bus if you're someone with a lot of
money then just own it
why you got to pretend to be someone
you're not that you actually care about
money okay look at me all right I'm a
big youtuber I'm you know I still live
with my parents that's that's me trying
to be modest all right trying to save up
my money rather than spending it on dumb
stupid things and then the fate of the
break was taken out of the hands all
riders a move a brute came an immovable
obstacle for the quarter they could not
pass and as the bridge lifted they could
only wait helplessly at the barriers
it's not really a race at that point you
know the starting line is pretty much
there now anyway all right that was
pretty funny oh okay I'm about to put on
these glasses
first time okay so it's basically
putting on glasses which supposedly are
going to cure he's a colorblindness all
right if you don't know what being
colorblind is it's basically instead of
seeing this you know purple top some
people might see it as red or another
color you know everyone's different okay
so I'll even know local poor had
colorblindness did you okay well I've
never watched like a ball so oh my
goodness I see color okay let me tell
you about the color
so he wasn't colorblind he just wanted
to make a cool you know clickbait
YouTube video okay well fair enough then
alright Jesus Christ okay now I
understand myself people don't like a
little bit Paul look at your little girl
look at your little boy you love them
okay but you don't think they're yours
just everybody just kept on the every
time we were out somewhere I picked my
family they would just say that they're
not there's no way oh my god so this guy
thinks that these two kids are his now
I'm not a doctor or anything
but I mean if your kid comes out Brown
that's good that that's down to genetics
okay and they have a little bit of color
in them you know their hair is kind of
like as if like it's not from a white
person's DNA so if the baby was born
from the mum then the other genes must
have meant that she cheated on him just
everybody just kept on every time we
were out somewhere my questions they
would just say that they're not there's
no way that amanda says she didn't cheat
on you oh that's what she said she oh
you believe her hearts of me wants to
believe her but the insecurities I have
two good reasons why you should believe
we asked her to take a lie-detector test
I wouldn't do it
Oh question are twins and I'm positive
he's the father I have never cheated on
J when it comes to four-year-old stormy
James you are not
I mean says that that's fake you know
because let's be honest who would go on
live television you know what was this
woman thinking yeah like yeah this is
okay
all right I'm pretty sure like these
people on these shows get paid like lots
of money she'd be on these shows but
yeah I mean it could be real but like
regardless yeah she cheated on this guy
poor guy Oh kind of soft thank you like
seeing feature late-night phone :
of course yeah no talking that you ready
for that you know I talked a little bit
pillow talk okay learn that yeah okay
that would be nice we could talk in the
daytime oh yeah define that what's that
define it the final you defend
for filter lighting once I even mean
just for just for the sake of big shock
okay I'm gonna Google what scintillating
means scintillating either sparkling or
shining brightly or brilliant and
excitingly clever or skillful I mean I
mean I mean use the word in the right
context but he doesn't even know what it
means to the women okay so it looks like
that there's this woman's March and this
guy but he's being aggressive about it
you guys do the women power but wasn't
he saying like literally like a minute
yeah no more violence against women yeah
no more violence against women literally
two seconds later
again is the bank most used to spots out
on the floor over like it's just so
dominant people are just so dumb man of
the other players on the other team
would you say are your biggest
competition in this game no I'm bitch
well you have lost three matches in a
row no one yeah yeah but you didn't lose
all your matches so far yeah do you know
how much you look like right now that's
why you are in this meme compilation
right now that's a bit too awkward oh he
went to go shake his hand oh okay yeah
that's one of those moments where you
know you choked okay and everyone saw
you choke actually I don't blame that
guy too much okay because he's probably
used to putting you know the medals on
them you know and you know shaking the
hand after them he's sort of like a
routine for him so yeah he probably did
that routine his head not thinking about
it support waker what is it you're gonna
do for today today I'm going to do a
comedy okay good luck I've never seen
this guys this is good name ladies goody
for you feeling today good okay are you
all right yeah I'm all right
no you are all all left
oh man poor guy man wait no not guy girl
wait what am I talking about okay guys
that was me reacting to some Curb Your
Meme compilations all right now these
videos are really funny
all right if you want me to make a plot
to then leave a like I love these clips
they were so funny and yeah anyway thank
you so much for watching and I'll see
you in the next video buh-bye
