Wow no lol Oh as it going
detective master selfie we're poor for
doing now welcome the more you chew
video today we are bloody playing the
detective crime thriller shale or ohms
and here devil's daughter II on the are
what you call him developers or summon
send me this game early to check out for
you guys so I thought I would check it
out it seemed as good don't know what
Saxon is anymore to be honest but it's
gonna go along with it mate oh shit
what's going on it I just started a new
game is that my work is that Sherlock
think it Nadia's I know my partner in
crime
I mean not crime my partner in saving
crimes yet someone bluish someone's
bloody shut it up you better write
Sherlock oh no you better run for dis so
you do be
I'll share the best poker skills
Sherlock y'okay shark I think we lost
them
I think we bloody well lost and we have
ello ello huh whistling oh right shut up
run be alive oh bloody hell
lore'l Oh God take this estate
oh my god Oh
48 hours earlier I hope he's alright
oh I cannot take the suspense Oh back at
home oh bloody yeah this is where I uh I
sold most my crimes
you know as being sure local and milady
tips fedora oh I do apologize am i
disturbing you
oh no be pretty lady you come in gamma
disease my name is missile Alistair
bouvier des Bouvier I mr. Holmes new
neighbour
Oh we had more leisure to bonza I am dr.
John Watson yes we provide you with any
assistance
oh good she is not the concern Watson
that child standing sniffling behind her
children get rid of him Watson oh he's
shivering with cold that Charlie is
upset what happened to him
little Tom knocked at the wrong door Oh
crying Oh
Laurie oh very well then very well
Sherlock is getting a human thank you
Miss tips fedora m'lady oh I see we are
first questioning this little sniveling
little bugger so first question who are
you now tell me boy what brings you here
tell me boys
it's my father Sir father he's missing
missing we say I don't know what to do
okay okay okay
now the thing of that Sherlock all right
you've got a good eye for these things
all right so let's have a look in the
first thing I notice is his bloody eyes
could it be good job tivities oh recent
weeping well I don't know where that
first word means so I think it's recent
weeping let's see what else we can see
about him or was this pale skin
malnutrition what about this patch on
his clothing ah neatly needed it must
mean he's got parents get Brodie well
kyrat they're only bloody us I also
happen to notice he's got a bloody
necklace Tommy 1887
that means he's eight years old use my
noggin for that one what is that a map a
map of London he can read and use a map
I don't know how a stroke but I'm sure
sure it must be what else we got we oh
well she got all this Oh
mom he could be other malformation which
means he's retarded
I'm guessing either he's injured all
right now I can validate my observation
okay so sure father's name what's his
name
George Horst so Josh perfect let me
write that down what happened to it and
when was the last time you saw him yeah
three weeks ago
free we left for a new job nice time he
was acting a bit strange and angry he
was was a stranger strange in what way
well I said to me son I'm out on a
special job don't dare move from here oh
bloody Oh super subsequent moon
something must have went terribly wrong
cause it is it's not been in three weeks
he's gone as have you not know it for
three weeks my three weeks that's a long
time Oh every day I go he would show up
and anyway oh I can look after myself
listen listen listen listen
so he says I could look after myself but
he's eight years old should I say that
and let your old can't take care of
himself
is that right what were you thinking you
and your father of both at risk you
should have come to me much earlier
larger was afraid
we ain't got no family oh no no other
place to go if our landlord finds out
the father left me you'll slow me out on
the street oh no Tom you've been very
resourceful we shall be discreet we
where we finding my mother is still here
oh no it's my bloody toy so Saturday
glorious we're not missing missing hey
what do the police say please I don't
believe me
they say he's just abandoned me but
that's a lie that's a lie I know that's
a bloody lie because yes caring parents
yeah be ously your clothes are well
mended and you can read your parents may
be poor that you are loved you are
bloody actual it's just the two of us
now
oh no mother died when I was a little
one oh yeah that's just one more reason
for not leaving you
your father doesn't see me a responsible
type he's very good to you yeah that's
right guys he has no fixed work so he
often takes your jobs for the day
because that's all it can find is it now
honey this time didn't come home oh
we're so sad okay let's go I promise you
little shit tom where your name is I
will find your bloody father very well
your address please talk let's go 12
Dorset Street door so it's for fast
floor Dori Dori it's in Whitechapel sir
ah
Whitechapel but I ain't got no money to
pay what the lot for money time okay
seems to be the very medicine I need I'm
all there shortly
yeah oh thank you sir thank you sir it's
all right little Tommy okay so I don't
know how long I can keep doing this this
British accent okay so this is Sherlock
Holmes we're playing it early
okay so yeah I thought I'd just start a
new game and see what it's like I'm
liking it so far okay
ello ello ello welcome to the streets of
bloody London howdy officer I knew it oh
good go so I'm just looking around for
some crime stopper to see any ello
little kid what's on the news today must
be blown mystery newspaper baby
shut up you stupid kid okay two for a
penny why would I need to newspapers
come on now oh my God look at this guy
hey man I just had one hell of a crazy
night last night spare me a penny okay
uh I could do with another bit
listen you bloody drunk all right piss
off how many times have I told you
Philip you need to bloody wash your bum
when you do a poo listen to me Susan all
right if I want to bloody do a poo and
without washing my bum only none of it
all right guys I don't know why I'm
listening to that conversation sounds
very weird
oh shit what's going on here listen you
can't sleep with my wife anymore it's
not
you come into my house and you sleep
with my life what is wrong with you men
listen to me okay I know sleep with your
wife okay I only do it once okay you
cannot do it I shut up your face ah
listen don't you bloody push me I will
push you back you bloody shit what's
going on oh this is funny I like this
game and this guy this guy's just like
kicking noises the noises in my head Oh
God take the noises just give him no
don't kill him don't kill him her all
right this is alright London's very
weird
alright London back in this age was very
weird excuse me mr. Sherlock I don't
suppose you could spare me a penny
listen you stupid beggar okay could I
not walk down my street without getting
asked for a penny Jesus Christ everyone
London's got a problem Emily alright
alright I've done a lot of messing
around but let's go to this kids house
okay so he lives in Whitechapel so here
we are we're in Whitechapel okay where's
he live again
Dorset Street number 12 okay so that's
number 10 all right where's number 12
that's number 11 is number 12 next door
oh here we are
number 12 Dorset Street he lives in room
e all right here we go
rule e little Tommy are you in it huh
it's men to be a cigar by the way oh
hello Tommy you win it Oh mr. Holmes
he's all over hello I hope you'll find
my father soon I make no promises all
right so I think we have to find some
evidence my mother saw she died when I
was very young
Oh my father told me what she was like
that's all I have oh I'm sorry my mother
left me when I was very young I know I
miss your mum why did you have to leave
me when I was young
or we can got this ladder
what's up the ladder secrets oh it's too
dark too dark I can't see anything that
we need a light all right oh there pick
up this lantern
there we go in the matches we got light
Jesus Christ I am such a good detective
okay now we got light hmm okay and
anything there that could be of use a
box
okay such suction what's in it
hello ello ello ello a note ello ello
oh hello there George I know it's been
difficult for you to find a job and you
need to clove your son and freedom sort
of attach this letter to a pub leveler
I've heard that there is a special man
who is offering special jobs
oh all right let's go to the pub then
the old tavern pub did you hear anything
about it from your father time oh my
father's a regular but he's not a
drinker sir it's close by on North
Street oh okay all right this Matt
there's a man at this pub offering
special jobs I bet he's the one who
bloody killed your father I mean if I
was not dead but he's probably dead ello
ello ello what we go in good die mr.
Holmes
good day well if it isn't young Wiggins
hello mr. Wiggins saw the job you can
call it that I hate it if you've got any
proper work for me listen just might be
in need of your assistance later yeah
wait here wait here mr. Wiggins er is
that yeah give me a job Jesus Christ
why's everyone want something in London
ah here it is the old chair bored pub
let's go in look it's very drunk get a
job you bum I need to do it to find out
who is offering this special Joe's
offering this special job
Oh ello ello listen
oh she what is this oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god oh my god
that fellow who's offering the special
kills I never drink alcohol oh he never
drinks alcohol how convenient that I
just came here and then they were
talking about those special jobs guy
happens if I sit stand here
lol oh oh yeah I forgot about this
minigame
it's odd come on a man who's offering
that special job as a proper set of
mutton chop whiskers yes a proper set of
mine shop whiskers da Zhi so man I'm
looking for has whiskers never drinks
out right sit down in wait who's that
guy buying me o ello ello ello
Oh mutton chops peered whiskers and
what's this water is this this could be
your man yes cuz we got a demand and I'm
looking for it is now we wait for him
skip skip time come on now
oh-oh-oh-oh guys 30 minutes later
what was he done keep an eye on him wait
where's he going huh missing yeah why
was he taken down missing posters and
throw it on the floor
something tells me he's covering
something up where's he going
ello ello ello follow him then you see
that gentleman I need you to follow him
and look all alone to me that's smart
getting the kid to do it going little
kick run all right miss times all right
mr. Holmes he's so excited oh my god I'm
conjoining Lil Kim now oh I got cooking
run run run oh you little topper Tommy I
don't know where your name is
I'm gonna call you Jimmy go on Jimmy run
oh there is hmm Gary is over there cover
oh you can peek lol oh I can see him
over there I see where you're going
mr. mutton chops man I got a strange
feeling that someone might be watching
me huh oh sit up I must have been
nothing Nayla nah oh shehide move stop
bothering me I can see it right there oh
they won't let me pass is the girl found
another way
Easter bloody five-oh I don't know what
the brave people callin big I hope
crying and get to work stop crying and
get to work who's that oh what's going
on
oh I'll be able to continue the chase if
I climb up the chimney but it's
dangerous what do you mean okay we've
got the chimney I don't know why I think
you don't have to be in I'll do it I'll
clean the chimney hello go on web the
got the chimney maybe maybe they were
blocking the path oh my god I'm like oh
my god this is dangerous
oh my god I'm a chimney sweep up my body
chimney sweeper I up oh my goodness I
cannot believe that kids actually used
to be able to actually do this look look
at this I'm coughing away I'm gonna
bloody suffocate aiya oh my god I'm
gonna suffocate the gate did I lose him
he's still here that's really oh hey
what a relief quickly poor dance blank
yeah
climb climb climb climb climb go go go
go we're gonna lose him we're losing him
well there he is Oh careful careful
don't fall oh no no this again go go go
go go go go go go go go go Oh rappelled
out I'm not a bloody ninja kid I am
where is this guy going no place to hide
here
I better go through the yard through the
yard how oh I can do it for it hi what
are you doing in my car what are you
doing in my garden listen to me Carol
okay I will go where I please Rosie Oh
what's happening they'll find him oh
there he is quickly jump on jump on the
double let's jump on their car oh my god
losing now oh my god tap to spring all
right guys I think this is a good
opportunity to end the video here like
this is like a good taster of like shut
the new Sherlock game I thank the guys
who sent me this game early whoever made
this game and yeah I'm actually really
enjoying it and I think I'm gonna be
playing it more if you actually let me
know if you guys want to see more
alright leave a comment alright
but yeah anyway guys thank you so much
for watching and yeah detective myself
sands off ah
member member m'lady
