hello everyone how is everyone doing in
his master cell fair and I'm super
excited laser jamming because we are
starting up a new let's play
we are played in life is strange bad but
now I know you guys thinking stop stop
it ok I know what you're thinking
another let's play private you've got
like two pending right now okay so I'm
abandoning all the current Let's Plays
that I have running on the channel right
now I'm stopping Lucius and I'm stopping
uncharted ok if you guys want an
explanation for that boom there's a card
that just popped up go click on that I
made a separate video explaining a
little couple of things but I don't talk
about in this episode so life is strange
it's basically like a multiple choice
game where you play as a teenage girl ok
apparently she has superpowers ok and
everyone's been saying that this is so
so good and for once I haven't actually
played this game for myself ok so I'm
completely oblivious okay so yeah I'm
actually really excited because it looks
badass and people are telling me that it
is bad ass ok and because this game has
multiple choices like I'm gonna try and
choose like different choices I think
it'll be loads of fun ok so as the first
episode let's try and reach 20,000 likes
I know like I know I've had Let's Plays
in the past like Lucius and uncharted
which I haven't completed but my heart
is in this in this series ok and I'm
definitely definitely gonna complete
this to the very end ok so again if you
guys are excited leave a like if we
reach 20,000 likes I will take that as
enough support that you guys want me to
see this completed it will probably be
like 8 to 10 videos ok let me know in
the comments how long you would like the
episodes ok so well yeah let's stop
talking I'm excited let's get into it
baby just play a choice of all your
in-game actions and decisions will
impact the post press
I'm future choose wisely shut up okay
I'm gonna pick the worst choices okay we
all know it okay I don't like this game
I don't like it it's too scary for me
okay
tonight tonight fight when you play the
ending of the game all right guys what
good day how alive I can see me
twitching hello
this is too scary where am I what's
happening this is scary this is a horror
game people told me that this is a nice
teenager how did I get here and where is
here everything where am I
listen girl have you been smoking
marijuana get the bike house how is that
my house gonna save me where the hell am
I so many questions okay I like it so
far
oh my goodness what bloody big beads is
that what
motakay hurricane brandon that's the
final corner hurricanrana
I think she's called max I can't marry
she she's probably not I
that massive hurricane
the pillows
it was all a dream
so Suri film little pieces of time I'm
in school but he could be talking about
photography as he likely was okay I'm in
class everything's cool
I am okay I'm okay light okay shadow
from color to chiaroscuro I go to cure
scarab
oh that's Ameen but I kind of want to
see it again now they didn't fall asleep
oh sure didn't feel like a dream one
head it hurts here Arbus oh why Arvest
I'm not listening it's the images of
hopeless faces you feel like totally
haunted by the eyes of those sad mothers
and children
what no isn't that to me okay shut up TJ
I don't listen look at this crap how can
I show this to mr. Jefferson oh I can
hear the class laughing at me now yeah I
think I remember now I think she's like
a photographer and she takes pictures
and shit I think this is photography
class I don't know I include the game
I've just I'm going off the knowledge
that that I've seen okay wait what's
this I can't post pictures every height
of their beauty or innocence she had a
brilliant eye so I believe max has taken
what you kids call a selfie okay a dumb
word for a wonderful photographic
tradition said and Max has a gift of
course as you all know the photo
portrait has been popular since the
early 1800s now max since you've
captured our interest can clearly want
to join the conversation can you please
tell us the name of the process that
gave birth to the first self-portraits
their deeds always pick on me up uh
you're asking me that you're asking me
everything let me think you either know
this or not max is there anybody here
who knows their stuff Louis Daguerre was
a French painter who created big area
types yeah a process to give portraits a
sharp reflective style like a mirror now
you're totally stuck in the
Rose owned that piece that's a story
don't you use emojis in real life
priority hey Darien process you could
tell she's gonna be that lost bitch okay
you can find out all about him
yeah yeah and your technical KP your
even okay okay yeah oh hey by the Bell
guys don't forget the deadline to submit
a photo in the everyday heroes contest
I'll fly out with the winner to San
Francisco where you'll be feted by the
art world s it's great exposure and it
can kick-start a career in photography
so Stella and Alyssa get it together
Taylor don't hide I'm still waiting for
your entry - and yes max I see you
pretending not to see me okay people's
at the beginning of this game is slow
okay so bear with me okay we will get
into the crazy shit later on okay
Victoria doesn't waste a second kissing
ass oh shit a name Victoria it's stupid
also okay should we go talk to us excuse
me mr. Jefferson can I talk to you for a
moment sir yes excuse me what no
Victoria excuse us you I'll never let
one of photography's future stars avoid
handing in her picture yeah you know you
know okay she wants me to give him a
home ugh uh I don't have time I didn't
have any time way too much homework is
it max you're a better photographer than
a liar oh oh now I know it's a drag to
hear some old dude like sure you yeah
you all thought life won't wait for you
to play catch up you're young the world
is yours blah blah blah blah blah but
you do have a gift you have the fever to
take images to frame the world only the
way you envision it now all you need is
the courage to share your gift with
others that's what separates the artist
from the amateur oh nice mr. Jefferson I
love you were you in a bit of a gizzy
mm ah piss off Victoria okay he is mine
should we go talk to this girl the one
that threw the paper owner oh shit the
paper balls here she look uh she we look
at the paper I wish I wouldn't have read
this purge purge dear Katie
we love your porn video Papa Papa born
oh shit she did a bit of a dirty poor
dog listen girl
are you okay hi Kate Kate Oh
hi max hello uh hope I didn't embarrass
you Katie I hope I didn't embarrass you
with my lame answer well it sucks to be
dragged into the spotlight
unless you're Victoria she's got nothing
on you max well I should get going oh
yeah me too
talk to you later dad it seems like she
did a bit of a dog Ybor no-good dirty
devil okay I'm joking
it's okay bones okay as long as as long
as I'm watching it okay so my name is
max okay hello max it okay is it max it
got a guy's name okay let's not you
didn't tell me how cute I looked yet
this is about you going to school you
are into the real and welcome to the
real world
look at all these interesting characters
which we will meet on our journey of
life is strange I am so excited look
we've got the Nerds we thought the
stupid bridges serious time out in the
bathroom
Sears tied up splash water on my face
and make sure I don't look like a total
loser I need to take a piss oh shit
credits hello well it's Baby Bop
yeah true billions yeah okay my name is
Max and I school full of weirdos my name
Pepa so one clear to her to whatever the
name was called look at Daniel get
beaten up again but sorry I can't get a
boat oh don't hit me with a copyright
strike I just want to play the game and
play the game again the bathroom I'm
told to do sighs okay shut up shut up
shut up shut up nobody can see my
meltdown Jesus Christ okay
apparently this this game has lots of
copyrighted music so um yeah sorry so I
have to like talk over it what's this
graffiti Rachel's a bitch
well now who would bother to write that
crap Rachel amber is a bitch Oh Rachel
okay let's use the sink and hopefully do
a pool do I nice to a pool okay I mix
I'm really excited to play this game
like I haven't played this before so
it's it's interesting just relax stop
torturing yourself you have a gift all
like fucking ready this was a nice game
I'm sorry guys you have to mind our
language bah bah bah bah when a door
closes a window opens locked offline or
something like that
Oh
but the boy okay girl you don't get a
photo up like this every day
whoa take that selfie take it right now
with the butterfly
naked photo stay still so beautiful I
love it look at what shit camera I wish
I had one of those I need to get one of
those note to self get one of those oh
listen boy this is the golf bathroom
shit he looks like trouble
listen boy it could be it could have
been a moon don't stress you should
you're okay bro just come to three he's
crazy
don't be scared who's great on this
school I wanted I could blow it up what
you're the boss school what so what do
you want oh I hope you check the
perimeter is my step ass would say now
let's talk bidness a bit nothing for you
wrong
you got hella cash that's my family not
me
Oh boohoo poor little rich kid I know
you've been pumping drugs and shit to
kids around here I bet your respectable
family would help me out if I went to
them whoa man I can see the headlines
now leave them out of this bitch rich I
can tell everybody Nathan Prescott is a
punk ass with garland talks to himself
oh she don't know who the fuck I know
who you're messin around good what are
you doing come on put that thing down
ever tell me what to do I'm so sick of
people trying to control me yeah you are
going to get in hella more trouble for
this than drugs nobody told you ever
even miss your punk ass
whoa what the fuck hey guys it's messy
something what the hell can that be I
was in the bathroom he shot that poor
girl I held up my hand and then I was
back here was these pieces of time can
free Weston I already heard this lecture
from light disco
now Kate is being heard
oh it's fine if it's that good diamond
into Victoria's phone rings well this is
real I'm a wizard can you give me an
example of a boudreaux fridge go die if
I'm crazy I might as well go all the way
can I actually reverse time shit max you
are bloody why are all right mouse
button
a little bit you might die machine
stupid I did but I kind of like it
spotty links don't freak out don't ya yr
is not a selfie because of her images of
hopeless faces when I took my selfie
Jefferson asked me a question oh if he
does again I'm nervous is for real well
a selfie Oh a dumb word for a wonderful
photographic tradition we've seen max
has a gift
whoa I know I'm not dreaming this no
it's a real tree has been pop I can tell
me early eighteen hundreds your
generation I can go back in time just
for selfie expression what if that girl
isn't dead yet
bullshit we have to say but a vital
aspect of art and photography first to
go to the bathroom quickly and check it
out do a pool now max since you've
captured our interest I clearly gana
join the conversation can you please
tell us the name of the process that
gave birth I don't know question let me
go to the bathroom and save this girl I
feel sick what dummy I'm sorry I feel
sick
may I be excused oh nice try max huh but
you're not gonna get away that easy
what do you mean we can talk more after
class all my trust there anybody wants
to keep me after class though and I need
time to save that group process the gift
portraits a sharp reflective style like
a mirror
oh now you're totally stuck in the face
that size you're not very good Victoria
what if I rewind again they give you a
right answer won't heal my people spaces
it up making fun oh
sorry okay press shift the hold good
luck okay thank god max oh that's you've
captured are interesting clearly want to
join the conversation can you please
tell us the name of the process that
gave birth to the first lista so I know
this okay I did homework okay it was the
gut that the de billion processor the
daguerreian process invented by the
first player named Louise to get better
around 1830 somebody has been reading as
well as posing nice work max Posen
reading the daguerreian process made
portraiture hugely popular mainly
because it gave the subjects clear
defined features you can learn more when
you actually finish reading the assigned
chapters max is so far wait yeah my
teacher loves me guys don't forget the
deadline to submit a photo in the
everyday heroes contest I'll fly out
okay well yeah we've had this is cool
yes max I see you pretending not to see
me you were not crazy I should be you
are not gravy oh it's time to be in
everyday I love oh just randomly starts
it's like you'd hope just like a normal
goat slightly I see you max coffee alone
don't even think about leaving here
until we talk about your entry oh listen
you shit listen what do you want huh
I have never hired roofies future stars
avoid handing in her picture listen girl
listen mister listen sir okay there is a
girl that's about to be shot in the
bloody stomach okay you let me out right
now or she will bloody die I'm not
avoiding you piss off I'm not avoiding
just biding time waiting for the elusive
right moment yes exactly
max don't wait too long John Lennon once
said that life is what happens while
you're busy making other plans
oh go on don't let me stop there's such
a nice catch Springs
press control to quickly undo your pre
why would I want to do that oh what'd I
do wrong
okay what'd I do wrong huh I know you
think ROC away what's this John Lennon
said I'm on top of it I think John
Lennon once said that life is what
happens while you're busy making other
plans max you're on fire ding all the
right answer good make sure you finish
working on it by today I have faith in
you I took what he said made me sound
smart he was like he was like damn I was
richer just thinking about that man max
you were rebel you a stonker rebel okay
let's go home now I mean let's go save
that girl
oh yeah why do we have to get to the
bathroom
just run while he's run fool that's the
way everybody show you any pain Justin
piss off you can pray you stupid home
bullshit sorry Daniel no time to save
it'll be okay one by one one by one one
safe safe safe safe
okay max retrace every step okay I did
water I washed my face I shredded my
photo then the butterfly oh I had the
Gazelle V and I took a photo yes it's
all coming to plan and then the boy came
in who's selling the drugs leave them
out of this bitch I can tell everybody
Nathan Prescott is a punk ass dude begs
like a little girl has talks to himself
you don't know who the fuck I am or who
you're messing around with this guy what
are you doing came to control me who's
scared to get you this psycho drugs it
would never even miss your punk ass oh
okay okay okay we thought Foster's fire
fire open
shit okay everyone time ago - gunshot
whoa wait don't touch me again
freak that was a close one shit far
along
another shitty day
that did not happen this cannot be real
I just saw our girl gets shot and then
saved her is going on hot fries out
do not freak out okay I just pulled the
fire alarm cuz I'm the rebels hey do you
hear that fire alarm what do you want
that means you should be outside I had
to use the boo girls always use that
excuse little excuse for what for
whatever you're up to your face is
covered in guilt Nia Wong tripped me out
then trip on out of here Missy or are
you hiding something huh mr. Madsen the
situation is under control
there's no emergency here leave miss
Caulfield alone and please turn off that
alarm since that's your job do your job
you shit-faced could you you living be
the fall looking mother taco that's
right get out of it okay who's this the
principal or piss off principal okay
chat doctor hello look a little stressed
out are you okay okay I'm just a little
worried about my future
oh you're sweating pin balls is that all
you're thinking about
Oh II know we could always be upfront
with me max she knows about the school
sure have you done something wrong uh oh
is that it well max Oh talk to me oh
he's scary
okay hide the truth to report Nathan
yeah big decision okay
now I have a theory I kind of want to do
everything wrong okay so like a normal
purse would be like I got a Dell we
can't snitch okay but I'm gonna be a
snitch okay I'm reporting that shit I do
not care about his little boy oh I just
saw Nathan Prescott waving a gun around
in the girls room
Nathan Prescott yes you sure yes yes he
was in the bathroom talking to himself
with a gun what a guy saw everything he
was babbling like a crazy slow down slow
down so now you saw this without him
seeing you that's hiding behind a stall
I have the right to be there it's the
girlfriend I know I know I just want to
be completely clear what happened mr.
Prescott happens to be from the town's
most distinguished family
and one of Blackwell's most honored
students uh so it's hard for me to see
him brandishing a weapon in the girls
tariffs here's the believe me so what
happened next
what then then he left I ran out you're
wondering what to do are you gonna bust
him
this is serious charge Oh I'll look into
the matter personally thank you for
bringing it to my attention
sit that's it after what I told you'll
continue this discussion later my office
please go outside with the rest of your
class now miss coffee oh ha ha
well that was pointless of course this
academic drone won't do anything since
the Prescott family owns Blackwell now
should IRA wine didn't change my story
whoa
should we guys now piss off ok I'm not
changing anything okay do not get okay
let's go a site I probably made the
wrong decision well I don't care that's
the whole point of a let's play is for
me to make stupid decisions and you guys
comment about them and make me feel
really sad okay this is me going outside
blackmail a camera Academy okay it's
like an art school I always wanted to go
to an art school
my mom and dad would like noir bland and
you study for the right things that's oh
she he in trouble that's he's in trouble
okay so like I said I don't know how
long this episode should be wait what's
that Rachel amber she looks so hopeful
and I wonder what happened to her Rachel
amber went missing shit
rest in peace Rachel she dead okay
I don't played the game but I already
know she dared homie okay so this is our
school
Oh awesome have you put to talk to miss
grant piss off Nolan talk to you oh look
at this girl Brooke she's on the iPad
wait is she flying like a drone hey
Brooke let me guess you want to fly my
drunk okay
- I love planes this is neither do you
know what a drone really is a weapon
right you read too many conspiracy sites
this might be too complicated for you
honey
Warren said you were smart please step
back
when this gold mean bitches watch this a
bag such oh shit I'm still a complicated
name for such a tiny drone oh the p400
wait can i impress her by knowing the
name of the Dro okay I know the name of
the drum
all right listen press okay that's a
half ladder oh okay that looks like a
high fly drone model B 400 Evo ocean now
that's a nice piece of tape you're full
of surprises
why would you know that I love aerial
photography drones are perfect for that
especially those with great range it's a
new era of images most impressive max
Warren said you were multi player now
Warren Oh get the drone world bro campus
I want to play the job whoa whoa whoa
whoa home oh I want to drove it so
fabulous is yeah
Oh can I fly it to someone's face wait
okay am i controlling this no I'm not
all right now that was fun thank you
okay goodbye watch this look at a text
message huh
hi max can you get your technique to
much hi max can you get me my flash
drive I need some info and space hello
sorry I was running late and same day
okay I'll meet you in the lot looking
cool you'll see my camera will be ready
okay so I'm meeting this boy in the
parking lot Wow is this my boyfriend
whoa I have a boyfriend okay I better
get to my dorm and grab that flash drive
oh this guy wants me to get his thingy
okay I want to talk to more people
hello Justin yo Justin yo check out the
max check out the Parrish yeah trust ya
I mean
yeah oh yeah brunette
what's your first move gonna be jump
you're such a poser what if you can't
even name a simple no slider a trifling
whoa rock on shit
lucky for you I could rewind time I know
what a trick flip and the tre flip and
the nose I've been achieved out the
Maggs okay I've dumped an old slide baby
I came to know slice but I'd love to see
somebody do a tray present host nah I
just can't skate worth shit ha
Jackie we're gonna destroy some rails
for you what do you want to see um I
want to see a trifling no for each
reflect anklet that's good Trevor all
over that kid Trevor all over that
action dude look at Trevor go man Willie
oh shit dude gnarly he just got grinded
on dude Oh Trevor dude that was awesome
man
okay let's be Daniel wait Daniel was the
guy that was getting beat up earlier I'm
sorry about that Daniel I would have
saved you but some girl was busy getting
shot okay Daniel oh hi max oh he's Asian
could I ask you a question what question
would you mind letting me sketch what I
do put my sketches on Facebook but look
what okay listen
Ming Lee okay I'm flattered okay I'll
let him draw me okay
some Titanic shit okay I'd be honored
Daniel makes me feel like a muse Oh
funny you should say that I was just
thinking I'm not my real news what
Rachel yeah oh my god well that was the
girl that went missing you bothered he
was the one who kidnapped us okay I'm
not even joking okay okay listen I don't
care about Rachel just draw me okay okay
why don't you start drawing me even
though I must be a step down from Rachel
okay no way you're a good substitute
meals I don't trust him okay he is
kidnapped Rachel and he's drawing her
heart in his basement okay that's a good
posture oh my god this guy's freaking
okay
that's a good posture oh it's just going
in the fat bank for short
I'm or need your okay I'm only job
I'm sure dad was a very nice guy with
his fat bank Oh best portrait ever now
draw me like one of your french girls
how about that okay all right let's move
on I'm talking to a few people
okay I'm pretty much done this action
will have consequences what by him
putting is pictures is dirty pictures on
Facebook do I want that I don't care
what people think
okay let's probably go to our dorm now
I'm sick of speaking to people okay here
we go baby I don't know how long this
episode's gonna be I kind of want to
keep playing I don't think it's a good
time to end the video here I don't know
I kind of like to start them like small
and then as more and more people watch
it having them and has the series grows
I make it longer okay I don't want to
scare people long turn Warren's flash
drive okay we need to go to get a flash
drive
oh hello go Alyssa just big due up okay
this week oh hi max oh hi what are you
reading what are you reading
love today or die forever oh gawd emo
don't even say anything it's a
best-seller good point
now I feel like Spain she's like listen
I've know I'm emo but don't you dare
it's quite an out I was a good to our
dorms is this it hello
oh shit smelly Victoria's in the way
okay who's this Samuel the janitor okay
let speak to him I'm told me to everyone
today who would ride him to go up to
everyone in school and say okay how are
you Samuel
anything huh hello there oh my god okay
he's very scary I rather not talk to him
you look busy Sam yours
I'm always up to something today it's
sweeping then painting windows yeah just
don't paint over the posters for Rachel
amber you can't color over that sunlight
oh whoa okay listen dude I'm sure a very
nice guy but you kind of give me the
chilly whinnies okay
Oh see you later see you later Sam you
okay and watch your step around here man
I sweep that pain okay
Samuel okay he's scary okay he kidnapped
Rachel I'm telling you right where's
this Rachel girl
why is he kidnapped then why is everyone
talking about okay Victoria move your
skinny baby ass out of it I need to go
to my blog okay oh look it's max
Caulfield the selfie hull of blackwell
what a lame gimmick even mark mr.
Jefferson Falls for your wave hipster
bullshit what the daguerreian process
sir yes you could barely even say that I
guess you got your meds filled Victoria
thanks you know all the answers I guess
you have to find another way into the
dorm oh we ain't moving you move your
sweet ass right now that pose what
Sophie so original don't worry max I'll
put a vintage filter on it right before
I post it all over social medias no why
don't you go fuck yourself II yeah
oh yes Victoria wait get your bony ass
out of my way so bony a skinny little
pepper has blown ass bitch ass out of
here killer okay how what do I still
mean okay ladder sprinkler wait what
I could crank the sprinkler up and give
Victoria and her clones incentive to
beat it
whoa I like that idea fuck it Tampa whoa
oh my god oh my god okay okay okay let's
see if this works
Samuel wait on okay I've messed with the
paint okay now let's turn on the
sprinklers huh oh shit
Oh what the hell are you kidding chill
Victoria it's just water
yeah water on my cashmere do you know
how much that's fucking outfit caught
you look great I can't even chill on the
steps oh shit get rekt okay now we wait
for the paint come on faint oh here we
go guys Rekha Rekha go paint all over
Oh Samuel sorry
wet wet pain is not good for hair nope
no II the hell away from me weirdo oh
hold on hold on look at some towels
we'll be right back
don't move your ass before I Drive I've
worked don't mess with Max Payne yeah
yeah don't mess with max bitch yeah I
like it
oh shit let's be dry do you want max you
look Oh make fun out of a comfort pace
so Victoria do I look like the kind of
nice guy like far neither this oh oh
really good don't don't say a word man
wait hold that pose oh that pose let me
take a bit of a shall we follow my no
filter needed before I post this please
move I've had a messed up day and I'm
going to my room you do that I know
where you live so does Nathan oh shit
Wow you shouldn't have done that now I
have to get to my room then see more
shit listen okay I don't regret anything
okay no regrets Sam I love this game
it's funny I like it okay make it fun
out of stupid girls oh shit
we'll just go hurry Courtney okay these
that goes with the towels okay anyway
let's go to my room oh shit nice so this
is like a private school maybe where we
live here we've got like our own dorm
sweet home my favorite cacoon cacoon i
don't think this is like college I think
this is like a school she looks too
young to be a college student or maybe
she is a college student anyway she
wants that USB right all right look at
this sticky note looks like Dana left me
a little post-it Dana hey girl I
borrowed your drive so I could watch
some Netflix and chill while I study if
you need it back just track me down okay
so this girl what's her name again
this girl right took my driver I have to
go get the flash drive from Dan okay
let's go visit Dana Oh
you can't get out now Deena so tell me
the truth are rotten there Dana
shit some drama between girls there's
always drama queens of black yeah
Juliet what a stupid name hello Juliet
hey Juliet is everything cool
oh yes max I've locked Dana in the room
because we're cool Oh why does she do
what did she do what didn't she do
Dana's been sexting with my boyfriend
sexting
how did you find out why do you care
oh why are you even asking me you never
talk just zone out with your camera but
that's why I'm talking to you now what's
my last name Oh Watson Juliet Watson
uh-huh I'm flattered I didn't even think
your name at of course I do
just because I don't talk a lot doesn't
mean I don't care shit
so how did you find out about according
to Victoria Dana would do anything to
date according I'm Shiho
according to Victoria she huh she saw
the sext and Zachary won't answer his
phone
once Dana admits it she can go whoa
straight to hell Victoria shit okay so
she thinks that Dana is sexting her
boyfriend but we now must go to
Victoria's room and find evidence
Victoria are you in here this Mumbai
Shadid we should be doing this guys okay
be careful okay let's look at this this
laptop she that's real nice Victoria as
you post the picture who the hell thinks
I'm a hipster like well hipster alert
piss off Victoria with your 1120
subscribers I've got more than that okay
you gave boom this is the email I need
to show Juliet today I have to print
this fast and get the hell out of we
found evidence so sad to inform you that
I totally punked Julia and Dana just now
all I had to do was mention to Juliet I
saw her a nasty text
well okay we found without evidence okay
how do I put this bitch off print bring
down bitch okay we found evidence we
must report this missing-persons report
Victoria hates Rachel amber this much
how I'm secure missing who cares
bitch mean a goes missing and you're
mean to her that's such a mean thing to
do
where's the printer gone here it is okay
take this letter this better convinced
Juliet that Dana is Anna so cool
anything else we can look at wait what
we can mess up our pictures let's play a
little photo Tetris and leave Victoria a
message
let's move this here so long and this
one there our pattern is emerging oh
shit it's a question of consequences it
pulls a middle finger okay that's very
rude but you know what no regrets about
okay I just want to troll everyone okay
I'm just picking all the bad decisions I
don't care okay I'm playing this as out
on the player and I want to be a little
ho I mean a bitch hello email Juliet
read this read this read this email of
course yes who uses email who email how
I found an email I'm an asshole I'm
sorry Dina you are and I hope so you
really think I'd mess around with Sacre
no justjust but I get stupid jealous I
owe you dinner still love me and you do
my laundry
okay thanks max you're like the
Blackwell ninja now let's see what zach
has to say about Victoria ninja you set
me free
thank you Warren's flash drive is all
Meghan yeah I had to get all ID to get
involved in this mess because it just
took my hard drive without asking you
hoe slave in line give me this hard
drive you stupid stone get the flash
drive and then I'll go Siri speak door
hey what's that a pregnancy test
we'll take it oh shit
oh wait sure we should be doing this
she's peed on this oh man hey that's
mine thank you
oh shit you're not helpful you're just
nosy I think you better go oh shit
oh my god wish you done that guys okay
I'm gonna be one time I'm sorry nice man
being so damn no pregnant okay look at
it lalala I don't see that pregnancy
test but she does have a reg Z test okay
let's be two up hey Dana seriously
thanks again I can't believe Juliet
locked me in my own room Oh real mature
real mature I heard a rumor about you
about her being a preggers Dana I'm not
trying to be nosy but I heard a rumor
about you what who told you I was
pregnant
nobody important they just acted like it
was bullshit I just wanted you to know
it's like a goddamn reality show around
here can you think the secret max of
course of course I was pregnant
what Oh what about the other that'd be
bad you can catch him on the 40-yard
line this Friday
whoa and it's not Zachary whoa shit uh
none of my business
Oh whoo now it's none of my business
sorry to pry it's not my business and I
won't be at the game Friday not much
school spirit I guess I like your spirit
max anyway you better get that flash
drive so Warren has an excuse to bug you
oh shit okay Dana uh-huh now I'm joking
she was pregnant okay let's hit this
hard drive okay some do call back my
precious so max never has to chase it
down again okay what max please stop
with this madness okay thank you guys so
much if you stayed this far like I'm
excited baby I think that was really fun
you know I met lots of interesting
characters it's fun to play as a teenage
girl okay and yeah I'm actually really
excited to there's a let's play if you
guys want to of course I know there's
been a lot of you that's been wanting to
so it really depends about the likes I
don't really care about
views it's more about the likes if this
video reaches 20,000 which is always
like the minimum for me for me to go
wall that's a lot of people okay but
yeah I have loads of fun and I really
want to continue this and I will
continue this I'm thinking I might do
episode every other day okay guys so
yeah I hope you guys enjoyed and yeah I
will see you guys in the next video man
celerity guys love you Baba
