oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
it is mesh yourself it and today lays
German I know you are super excited
because we are back
finally with gta5 so yes ladies Joey we
are finally back with more GTA 5 thing I
want to point out is look at this sexy
t-shirt mod that I've got on someone
someone put in the mesh yourself t-shirt
how cool is that I think that is pretty
darn cool could this be Brandon are you
actually yes job you stupid little shit
so when GTA 5 came out on PC there were
a bunch of mods that all got released at
once and I got kind of flustered with it
someone really really shit and really
really rushed so I thought I would step
back for a couple of months and wait til
some really really good mods come out
and now I've just got like so many mods
to cover in videos so leave a goddamn
like I think every time we reach 20,000
likes on a GTA 5 mod video I will show
you another model now as you saw from
the intro today's mod we are checking
out leizerman is that means Los Santos
Police Department fart race now what
this mod does guys is that it turns all
of the police department in the whole of
the game into useable actual police
departments and you can then become a
police officer move out the way you
should okay now for going to the locker
room I can then go on duty and change
into any police officer I wanna be LSPD
lssd si priyo si be a SPOC Lucy oh yeah
you can also customize your police
officer as well like now she's a woman
look how happy she is I'm a police
officer
hey shut up you stupid girl and yeah you
can select your police officer and look
you are now as this guy but I don't want
to be no average joke bald-headed piece
of shit I want to be the best goddamn
police officer
in the whole of Los Santos Franklin
looks with his sexy bloody outfit if I
was gay or forceful now the one thing
every police officer needs is a police
vehicle okay so in this police station
if you go over to the garage okay you
can then choose from a range of police
vehicles maybe you could choose the
standard police cruiser the police
interceptor the police transporter a
police bike a sheriff cruiser sheriff
SUV police roadster you can do pretty
much anything okay oh my god
how the hell did they fit the hider in
it now I've installed a very special
police car this is sheriff Franklin's
police right Franklin this vehicle is
god damn sexy but it's best police
vehicle in the whole of the game okay we
are now enrolled as a police officer we
have a police car now we can start
accepting call-outs now in order to get
a call out we must now wait for someone
to commit a crime what the hell are you
doing you stupid shit what the hell did
you say to me you stupid little ho let's
go defend me I didn't want to you stupid
dog but you know what you wouldn't make
a good test on me freeze bitch hey she's
on the rock hold it right there
get on your knees ho you are under
arrest
you shit you're under arrest oh you
little shit
that's right hands up get on the floor
get on the floor press and hold it to
arrest the suspect oh I'm doing it
whoa whoa okay I probably should have
done it in the middle Oh in the middle
of a dog oh if you can't do the time
don't do the crime I have no idea why
you randomly punch me in the face but um
oh maybe these guys are boyfriend and
girlfriend
ah all right now these criminals belong
in jail okay so I will now escort them
to the jail cell and here it is baby Los
Santos jail cell if you can't do the
time don't do the crime stupid Lucretia
the suspect has been arrested and will
remain in the cell oh yeah report a
criminal resisting arrest what a
criminal assisting arrest except we all
know not by police push you
frankly going to save the day but at
Lord try to pay the best cop in Los
Santos all the criminals will Slayer
bust he will go home and smoke a bowl
full of weed with the dial of 9-1-1 you
will get the help you need I need a hero
I'm holding out for a hero to the end of
the night he's gotta be strong and he's
gotta be fast and he's gotta be fresh
from the fight I need a hero I'm holding
out for a hero til the morning light
he's gotta be sure and it's gotta be
soon and he's gotta be larger than life
oh shit look he's our suspect oh my
goodness
wait who is this guy get out a vehicle
he's on the run
you are under arrest
get on the floor stop boiling you idiot
this guy sure scares know what to do hey
stop running yeah it's not much of a
threat look at him I can just push him
over once you give me a bit of a
challenge just get down the floor you
shit that's right
nowhere to run down on the ground that's
what I'm talking about
you sir are under arrest oh bloody damn
you run away from me up alright dude
follow me okay
gonna take you back to the jail cell
where you belong boy okay I'm now gonna
call for backup
no cool patrol unit ah here's my backup
baby
all right dude get in the car no where
you going Hey back up you stupid girl
well dude I'm not gonna lie I don't know
what to do now okay
I can't use my vehicle because it's a
modded vehicle so yes promise you
promise not to cause any more trouble
promise me alright alright I guess I
could let you go okay releasing him okay
don't do anything stupid now there we go
and now he goes on to this day
but who's this lady what what are you
dull with lady your friend is hurt
what what are you doing what is this
lady doing didn't you need help or what
lady piss off all right waste my time
one more ah hey hey don't go as a
policeman quickly we have another
suspect where they go oh where the gold
shit
I think nope Darius Theus see you I can
see you in the far distance look at him
he's driving like a bloody mania
listen you shit pull over wait what's
how do i how do I put make him pull over
okay think shift shit
you have signaled the suspect to stop is
you gonna stop them that's the question
oh look you slow down slow down the
suspect has come to a stop if ready you
can approach them on foot to continue
well me well II well what have we got
here
speeding running a policeman over do you
have to save yourself you shit I'm gonna
get home back now
Game of Thrones is on in 20 minutes wait
it's good it's on 20 minutes I mean that
gives you no excuse to run me over
okay let's start speaking with it okay
speech hello
insult or none let's do insult yo go
fuck yourself well I'm at the fragments
voice okay I'm gonna issue a citation of
$5,000 that's what you get for running
me over you shit
oh yeah look a Franklin riding up that
citation of $5,000 you better think next
time before a bloody running me over
buddy also that's right piss off you
bloody shit okay slowly but surely we
are making this world a better place
okay man this mod is so cool I'm so glad
that I waited I remember looking at this
mod like when it first came out and then
thinking it was really shit but now it
is actually lucky it's a really good mod
okay let's do one more call out can I
force one
1:38 let me sum Susan come on we gotta
go oh shit he's a suspect I don't know
what to do when I find the suspect
oh shit is a woman hey she's getting
away shit come on guys she's getting
away
what do we do I don't know I don't know
what to do guys what do we do to my shoe
dude she's just driving away I don't
know what she did
I'm shit that guy he's over just ran
over someone lady stop your vehicle
right now or I will shoot
can you please stop woman why are you
driving like a maniac girl stop shit
look at these police officers oh shit
they got Tasers oh that's right girl get
on the floor wait can I taste oh I do
have a Taser
look we're resting her die um heroin
chick nice t-shirt girl oh my god oh my
god okay I think she's okay now you're a
professional I know dude what do i do
without can I rest on hey Matt you're in
a Martha la puta let put this in my body
water how do I get it to come in oh shit
girl you're alive right right right
listen Phil you're not gonna tell the
sheriff about this or no reason listen
Phil all right come on
I'll get demoted again I don't know man
maybe for your own good shut up Phil
okay leizerman
I think I have done everything in this
mod now I think this is pretty cool okay
there's not a lot of content but
everything that they have added is
refined okay and you know I think it's
really good so yeah hope you guys
enjoyed if you did leave and like as
soon as we reach 20,000 I'm gonna start
working on another gta5 movie video mod
video I'm gonna try and get this out
like every week I'm gonna keep working
on them they take a long time because I
had a lot of cinematic stops and make it
more interesting and I think you guys
appreciate that anyway guys I don't
think I saw I was watching and I will
see you in the next video man Larry guys
love you bah bah bah
