oh hello everyone how is it going doing
it as smash yourself in so today we're
gonna be reacting to some cringy spoiled
kids so I went out and found some clips
of some kids you know acting spoiled
when they get gifts you know crying you
know basically misbehaving alright and I
know there's a bunch of kids that watch
my videos which i think is pretty cool
but some of you don't know really know
how to behave okay because your dumb
kids alright I need to learn how to
behave alright and that's how you become
a member of the society but yeah alright
some kids you know they're too spoiled
alright their parents give them too much
shit and they become too self entitled
and alright and we're just gonna watch
some shitty clips of just some shitty
kids these plumbers kids I hate these
kids hey okay I'm kidding all right some
of you guys are kids actually the kids
that skip my ads I hate you all right so
you got this girl video because
something really bad happened I got in a
fight with my mom I got in a fight with
my mom this girl's been talking for ten
seconds and I already hate up something
really bad happen what happened was I
got in a fight with my mom I gotta fight
with mom okay this is the phone I wanted
all right Samsung Galaxy s6 edge+
samsung galaxy s6 give this girl the
right to sort of complain about the
difference of phones that she's getting
and and isn't she holding the phone that
she wanted so that means she she she
must have cried and was upset the fact
that she got like the version previous
so then now she's got the latest phone
so she actually got her way and got the
phone that she wanted Wow these parents
I blame the parents Samsung Galaxy I
can't even pronounce that I got I can
see there's a pretty drastic
my young mother is a bitch to you Sonny
buy you the same there's a pretty
drastic that made me really angry on
anyone of my MacBooks what she wrote her
MacBook but close to her mom did give
her the phone that she wanted oh my
goodness I I hate spoiled rich kids man
like like there are so many unlike
deprived kids out there in the world and
this girl's just out here just breaking
laptops because she didn't get the right
phone listen to how stupid that sounds
so um that made me really angry I broke
one of my Mac books what a baton I need
for Mac books yes because this one's for
sending messages this one's for
receiving messaging this one is for
blocking messages and then this one
right here is for leaving messages on
see okay do anyone tell this girl that
she can do all those things with just
the one happen work honestly for leaving
messages on see okay what is this one
right here in my hand okay and as you
can see there's some marks on it faint
but it still really affects the quality
of the computer this rolling please did
someone tell me if this goes trolling or
not because I don't believe that a child
can be this stupid the quality of the
computer it was a man was my favorite
key okay W key here it's so off so I
can't use it anymore oh really
new MacBook or my this one out three
more afford it right now cuz we're
really financially struggling from
medical bills because I sustained an
injury while I was beating up my lap no
babies go
or to fix this one then that'll be a lot
of help because I really do need all of
these MacBooks and it isn't my fault
that I broke my lap okay come on I don't
believe this
I don't believe this for one second
there's no way there is no way this girl
could be like this I die I refuse to
believe it it's disgusting
and I ain't giving you money dumbass
goal just use the three other laptops
alright give a shit about you it's a
little more important because a pinky
okay
this girl could go away or I do not want
this girl anywhere near me my children
I'm not gonna be like this at all
you need to sort of find a good balance
of like spoiling your kids you know but
also teaching them the value of money
all right your parents worked hard for
their income all right they would
they've been working all their lives
all right don't expect your parents to
pay for this pay for that money doesn't
grow on trees it has to come from
somewhere
you know and it's coming from your
parents pocket most of the time and if
they're buying like these gifts for you
then that means they're not spending
that money on something else for them
you know this it's a gift you know I
mean just appreciate everything your
parents do for you it's not that hard
oh he wants to go home
it's a typical white Paris approach I
mean I don't wanna be stereotypical
anything but it's the typical white
stupid this kid grabbed the wheel on the
car he actually wants to kill his family
by crashing the car is it that big of a
deal that he wants to go home for that
reason I do blame the parents though you
know because like this mother is not you
know acting like the way she should be
acting parents need to sit down with
their child and explain how the world
works alright and this child wants to go
home why can't the mother just be like
alright that you you can't go home right
now but you know we'll go home later
it's not a big deal alright but like
this trial is acting like this because
in the past he's acted like this and
it's worked so he keeps doing it you
know like parents need to stop
encouraging this kind of behavior and
spoiling them all right because they
become so self empowered where they
think it's okay to scream in a moving
car and take over the wheel I would just
just push them out the front door below
alright kid alright go do your own thing
alright because I don't want you anymore
I feel bad now because you know they
were joking about how they're gonna put
on YouTube and now look where we are you
know mr. self is now reacting to this
spoiled kid
oh my god I even tried to pull my
mother's hair alright you know I
wouldn't be alive today I would be dead
okay okay okay I can't listen anymore
this dumb stupid kid all right this kids
just screaming all right and the parents
just ignoring them or I would not accept
this kind of behavior I would be
stopping the car within a second emboli
listen you stupid dumbass kid okay you
better shut up or down stupid shitty
mouth okay no cuz we are not going home
or I said very shut up okay you ain't
playing for tonight the night
shit I hate you alright now go die
you're an accident okay and then I'll
carry on driving I know I've said this
before but I would be a great mother
alright just to point out this does go
on for another a minute but I can't take
any more of this kid screaming he's
giving birth to a child or something I
hate this kid please do not be like this
kid alright because look how stupidly
this kid looks alright you would you
want to be a kid like this alright don't
scream and argue with your parents like
this alright I mean if your parents are
telling you no to something it's not not
because they hate you or anything it's
because you can't do it you're a child
you need to listen to your parents to
your 18 because you know you can't look
after yourselves without without you
without your parents or your guardians
you know okay so her mum was meant to
buy an iPhone but she bought I phone
three which is one which is like a
really old iPhone like a dinosaur it's
like this now like I was quite lucky
because I grew up you know not without
fun because you know it was before my
time I think I got my first phone when I
was like 13 and it was like a Nokia it
was like a brick so yeah but uh do kids
actually like get this upset about what
phone they have it's kind of crazy you
know alright so we're at this girl she
looks normal
okay
Minnie hey Minnie oh gosh
something complicated happened today but
I guess would be my best interest to
tell you guys okay guys like my friends
know random people on the Internet are
not your friends you know I mean like
I'm just a kid you know and making
videos in my room you know by myself you
know I appreciate everyone watching you
know but to be friends you know I need
to know you back you know and there's
just too many of you at this point you
guys like my friends no we're not we're
not she's running away from Holly I make
enough money
no survive she's relying on YouTube
money I know in a hostel or some a
hostel while in the word again that
wasn't too bad either
oh hey wait wait you should she would
live in the forest again she lived in
the forest at one point well I would see
that YouTube video that seems funny I
I'm sick of my household being
misogynist misogynist um even know what
that means my dog come to me said it was
fine complain about her dog you know
being misogynistic because you know it's
a dog an NGO a nanny um it's like if if
a human humped me no they'd kill chain
being a pedophile boom I don't get it
like gender roles and rape culture is
being important we don't even understand
oh my word okay parents all right if
there's an even parents watching you
need to even monitor what your child
watches or even reads online man
I feel so bad for this child she's been
brainwashed about the stuff that she's
been looking at online and doesn't even
and she's too young to even understand
it like gender roles and rape culture
and I can't do anything about it I think
I'm going to the forest again okay go to
the bars okay I want to see that okay
because like in the dog should face
criminal as much as human should know
that I can I don't know about you bar in
my head an image popped up of adult in
handcuffs okay rest in peace that dog
alright he is getting sent to jail or
for humping this poor woman's leg you
can tell them to sit in tell them to
stay look was that dog that's what I
know but the society constantly forces
rape culture it was okay this girl I
hate this girl Jesus Christ it's just
sad in a way because I don't really
blame these kids you know because
they're learning about things that they
don't even understand and they think
they understand but they don't
understand and yeah it's just just a bit
awkward you know like I I think it comes
down to the parents you know my child is
not gonna act like this you know because
I'm gonna explain what these things mean
you know and a dog like okay she's she's
kind of dumb for thinking that this dog
is to blame for humping oh it's it's a
good dad dog all right shut up you
stupid girl Oh
so we got a birthday party and this pit
oh no is this kid gonna ruin this cake
look at this beautiful cake that this
mom prepared Oh dad blow out the candle
it's your birthday don't ruin it
oh don't be a brat in front of your
friends it's your birthday it's meant to
be a good nice day to spend and enjoy
other kids they're shocked oh my god
this kid just destroyed the birthday
cake oh my goodness this odd that just
makes me sad like can you imagine how
much time and effort your mum has put
into your birthday pie by the way you
know it's a birthday party you know like
you think your birthday's special you're
wrong okay everyone's got one all right
no one gives a shit about your birthday
all right bye secondly your mum put in
so much effort for your birthday because
she cares and loves you so much
all right she put in so much effort
getting all your friends here preparing
this cake all she wants to do is sing
and wish you a happy birthday so that we
can have a very good memory and look at
this in the future and this is how
you're gonna remember this moment being
the spoiled little kid that even the
other kids are shocked you know even the
other kids think that this kids being a
spoiled little brat man I can't believe
it don't do anything like this to your
parents man just just be considerate of
you know your parents and how much
effort they put in into preparing
something like this man what a swole Oh
Brad hey this clip actually pissed me
off all right no I don't
you may not talk to daddy like that
I know you're sad sweetheart yeah I mean
your bull wait to see what do we expect
your dad to go do yeah to go fish out
your ball that's clearly gone out in the
water it's a bull
all right don't they cost like five
dollars or something just go buy another
ball why is this kid acting like crazy
okay
all right kids that clips on that bad
it's just a kid just just crying about
it losing his ball it's not a big deal
okay ladies gentlemen I think I'm gonna
end the video there that was me reacting
to some cringy kids and spoiled kids
please do not be like any of these kids
that I that I reacted to in this video
okay it's just embarrassing and cringy
all right and as an adult I'm looking at
these kids like damn and this is what
are these what this is this what kids
are like but honestly I know a lot of
kids that are you know perfectly amazing
people all right so yeah don't be like
these guys because you know you they
just look like and you know there's dumb
people and yeah anyway guys thank you so
much for watching I'll see in the next
video
buh-bye
