oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
it is my selfie at the Dale a Sherman we
are playing a slipper I Oh
doo doo doo doo I'm a bloody snare drama
rue du du du du du now this new game has
popped up called sliver dot IO and if
you don't know how to play lace German
let me give you a rundown so this is how
you play sliver dot IO you first start
off as a little giddy then you have as
many orbs as you can and grow your
little baby growing mommy the aim of the
game is to become the biggest dippy in
the whole entire server and place in the
top ten meter board but you've got
competition there are also other little
ditties running around trying to kill
you to kill the other deities you must
make them run headfirst into your body
killing them who leave their sweet
little kitty juice to make you grow
faster I love me some TV juice but be
careful if you die you have to start all
over again as the littlest of little
ditties in the whole lobby okay so I'm
gonna go play as much yourself okay and
the aim of the game is to get to number
one look at me now I am such a cute
Adana key system a snake banded look at
his buddy guy you noobs guy he thinks
I'm a noob he thinks I'm gonna die
straightaway
okay so straight away I'm ranked 4 to 7
out of 5 to 5 and I've only just buddy
started okay look at this bloody blob
blob come back here I must eat you okay
I really doubt I can get number one but
you know what I've actually played it a
couple of times and I've been sick blood
oh shit what is this nom nom not no no
no oh look this guy he played try to
take one on the noms snakey snakey haha
what a bloody dum dum get back you buddy
snake ok straight away rank 157 this is
gonna be easier than I thought uh-oh
there's a bigger snake over there you
think a stupid stupid oh shit he knows
he knows he knows
they find an exit find an exit oh no
it's circling me and help me that's what
I'm gonna eat you panting I'm an eagle
slick please okay I just want to live
come on that's right dad right
he thought he was big so smart that's
right baby
and this one too this one's gonna do it
oh damn it oh no now I'm a little shit
again abandon nice to see you again oh
man I thought I was being so cool when I
beat that guy oh shit piss off I know I
can get number one okay I've got skills
to pay the bills okay
the only question is how long is going
to take me okay the trick is don't be
very sneaky oh oh shit oh my god how do
you not die it'd be very careful God
take it out oh shit no he's too big okay
do not fight the bigger snakes oh shit
again
oh shit nom noms oh I can taste it no no
what am i what am i eating am i doing
drugs
oh shit Oh think about I love it I love
it when I take out the big ones
oh good about these guys oh now don't
escape oh you stupid little Ford snake
okay I know I can get number one but I
just keep making silly mistakes the
reason why oh shit
reddit are damaged the reason why I like
this game better than Nagori oh okay
because it was the smallest little ditty
okay can take out the big guy watch
watch me take out this guy huh watch me
- come on watch me look about boom arc
in a month I will now use my snake
charmer huge dududududu wait for the
right opportunity I'm a bloody snake
charmer I tied off the book I thought oh
I love our when someone dies all the
snakes like what orange poop I will take
the orange poo oh I love keeping on your
boob dudu dude wait for the right moment
calm Bannon go about it go up my cursor
went off the screen oh geez okay I'm no
longer a snake tongue okay clearly I'm a
very bad one o get rekt gets so much nom
nom noms I can't even Adeline
oh oh Jesus Christ I hate when I have to
start again I'm just a little worm shit
okay I want to be a big one again oh I
get so closer than I keep dying oh I was
just trying to get the glowy thing
stupid snag oh there's a lot of nom
knows it oh yes
nom nom I like it oh wait did someone
die over here someone died quickly
easy easy hold on oh no no no no no no
oh shit this life oh no oh no okay I
think the fastest way to bloody get fast
is to is to take out the big guys
straightaway okay don't go messing
around with these all these little stuff
okay you can straight away go for the
big money
shit I thought I was being smart Oh nom
nom noms oh I nearly died but it's okay
okay the trick is lazy gentlemen when
someone comes close you do a bit of a
loop-de-loop okay and that confuses the
hell out of them it was a I don't know
where to go oh I'm going for the Big
Daddy okay I don't care about all these
small little shits ah that's what I'm
talking about
oh no I'm in a guy oh no it's fine
little girl looking oh he died he died
he died oh god get it nom nom noms no no
knocks for basil anyways oh my goodness
I am now 66 okay guys this is our run
this is our time
I was four I was in the top 100 for the
first time okay awake we're getting
better all right it's only a matter of
time that before we get it oh shit
alright the start is too slow I'm gonna
try and trick one of the biggest snakes
in to kill into killing himself okay
alright now this takes time and
precision but I think we can do it even
the littlest of little snakes can take
out the big ones okay come on okay I may
be a small little snake okay but I can
take out the big ones I know I can oh
good oh don't scare me like that Polsky
man oh you go check it out
oh my goodness there's so much no
num-nums oh my goodness go to youtube
try finding me
well Oh lol oh whoa we go ahead what we
go am i thank you thank you all trying
to kill me up okay we are currently in
the top 198 we are currently oh no we're
now 102 but we can't make any mistakes
okay kill this guy oh you didn't solve
that haha any mistakes
haha where's the joy kill me I love it
when they tried to kill you they're like
I'm gonna get you I'm gonna get you and
then they just died
Oh stupid idiots give me that green
shoot oh yes oh oh oh keep going he
keeps going oh that was a big one that
was very tasty thank you very much
okay I'm not 82nd okay I have a good
feeling about this run I know I've said
that like every time I get in top 100
but we're getting up there okay this is
dangerous
there's a lot of snakes over here
there's a lot of snakes over keep cool
bad and just keep going inside yourself
they can't touch you if you go inside
yourself easy to take out this red one
okay it's okay
oh no oh okay it's okay just just take
off I've never been so scared in my life
oh my goodness you're going to kill me
why would you be so mean man look at me
dropping this little guys like bandit
let me out let me out man
there we go I know dead Oh nom nom noms
no oh no no no no norms gone don't fail
don't file don't file don't file easy
don't get greedy
I am now top 30 lay gentlemen okay now
I'm not even I don't even care about
creating interesting commentary anymore
I just wanna I'm so close to becoming
top ten oh I'm scared this red guy oh no
I'm so scared red guy please don't try
and kill me oh no red guy the little
dumb shit Oh No easy easy this is mine
this is mine this is mine is mine is it
is mine it is oh my goodness
look at the noms look at the noms noms
noms oh my goodness this is a big one
this was a big one with this number one
I am now eleven oh my word I am top
eleven Oh guys guys this is happening
this is happening this is so badly
happening oh my goodness I'm so scared
again I'm top ten this is one of them
always wondered why I passed a oh my
goodness I'm nine I'm Homer guys I'm
scared I'm scared okay
Oh scary Oh very careful careful
okay okay don't mess with that guy
decent bribery even batteries number
three okay don't mess when he's on
Bradbury I haven't been playing this
game for long and I'm already top ten
okay I'm feeling good oh no please
rainbow man okay rainbow man wants a
truce with me okay I love you rainbow
man okay I am now severed if I die now
I've come so close if I die right now
I'll be so sad
oh I was long and I just lost it all cuz
I was greedy
okay guys I'm too upset to play more
okay I made it top seven and I didn't
even get to number one
okay this game's hard but it's kind of
fun alright so if you guys I'm probably
just gonna do the one video on it unless
this video does really well let's say if
this reaches 10,000 likes I'll go for
number one next episode okay number
seven is respectable okay but okay we'll
try number one in the next video if we
reach 10,000 likes anyway guys or is
that guys watching and I'll see you in
the next video man Clara guys love you
ba ba
