oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
it is special selfie at the day ladies
German I have a very special video for
you guys because your boy got your hands
on a hash tc5 okay so today we are
playing job simulator okay you may or
may have not have seen it before where
we have to do certain jobs and simulate
them okay I'm in the world oh my
goodness oh my goodness look at it so
fancy hello I could grab you shut up you
stupid robot okay enough farting around
okay look at this fancy place it's all
full of robots alright so what I want to
do today is all of us woke up piss off
don't do that shit gourmet chef piss off
I'm not a chef what I wanna do is I
wanna do the store glug let's go so
fancy Oh what hello hello human welcome
to an accurate simulation of convenience
store clerk oh my goodness everything
around me we've got a freezer over there
we got a cash register uh which is a hot
dog machine okay
take ticket when ready oink check the
ticket hahaha let's get to business
here's your first customer oh there they
are
create turn on the camera machine Oh
daddy oh hello hello good afternoon
human I would like to purchase these
what is this chips listen we call them
crisps in the UK you silly little robot
shit triangles ranch-flavored okay
Doritos
I will started put it in the back can I
also get one of those meat cylinders
please meet cylinders dogs are in the
visor
how do you eat them up at least a little
bit listen don't ban me I don't do my
job okay okay let me see here the
freezes over here close knit to refresh
supplies or put ah what is it haha okay
what is this ice cream
you're not scream oh no you want hot dog
don't you you saw ah okay I'm sorry
okay let's see what else we got what's
this a burrito oh I could just eat
everything
okay sorry I ought to do my job okay
let's see here hot dogs
what put on hit oh wait
get the boss here put the hot dog your
knee looks acceptable acceptable shit
huh okay there's one left over what
should I do with it you want it is the
robot No
can I eat it Oh hot dog Scott hey take
it
Jung's on his hand thanks a bunch oh
okay my mind to finalize a sale
pull the lever on the register oh okay
cash machine to chain a sale give it a
money hope here's your paper courage
that's right it's listen this is enough
don't forget to hand over the change sir
Shh we haven't no change policy over
here add to my ID my convenience store
here take a stupid change alright you
stupid shit King yeah Pizza get out of
my shop that's right you better go you
little shit okay next customer please Oh
should we got two hot dogs left no oh no
oh okay I just hit my face
oh hello so how you doing today what
would you like these two chocolate boss
you little fatty I will scan up for you
ere I think one of those frozen slushy
delights okay what's a slushy okay grab
a slushie put it down here grab the
little thing okay I want to just be
oversized you want me to jump both sides
it oh no I think I have to put in here
that's it
jumbo box of sugar I love that hey so
here well sir I won't scan it or you're
very good at standing here you go sir
all right bye-bye
oh shit not gonna I don't take the money
I forgot about that
ding Oh ching ching time give me my own
banknotes for you can I take the tongs
to human oh wait I could take the cup
okay okay we got through this class okay
we put the money in and grab it go
I did you stop hey okay now I drink it
number X custo please thank your gum
again well is the next person or shit I
don't know trust this woman up what do
you want to take a paper copy of
yesterday's news sir
you old hat wait night let me take her
glasses can I take a glasses okay I'm
gonna wear glasses oh shit look at me
I'm so bloody fly okay this shoe boots -
the glasses but Brandon I can't see I
don't care okay
you should have thought that before you
came in the store wait a second I
actually think I've got some more
glasses for your bar to these fancy
glasses here you go old lady put these
on you look a fabulous girl but grandma
I got seed shut up okay okay you're the
new snail you won't hack okay Ted take
it oh okay yeah I'll take my daily
lottery ticket is what you want to
lottery ticket
listen gamble they got your H okay
Laurie we took it down here Oh what
would you like this one that one I will
take this one okay it's kind of feel do
you want to tell I'm feeling a little
faint
today dearie what do you think you could
scratch Norma displeasure you might
water listen I will keep this chord okay
listen I'm not getting paid for the shit
okay scratch this what's that
exclamation point I can't see it very
well ah shit
I think you're lost I guess I won't be
getting those upgrades today yeah sorry
about that old lady but I will take your
quarter thank you thank you for the
money let me just run that off for you
that that would be at 898 please just
write you a check so listen old hag what
year is this okay we don't accept
cheques here no take that shit out okay
I'll take a check all right stupid woman
okay bye-bye what you did right my god I
just difficult so I'm like yeah brah
it's a buyers market they're looking at
me like JC you know hello what are you
talking no no I'm not gonna you know you
yeah you look ha ha ha
huh huh yeah oh I'm talking to you what
no yeah yeah uh-huh
what oh okay what God ah here take the
blue gum cash there we go
is that it Wow took you long enough yes
sir dawn what no matter how irritating
the customer humans were required to
smile and be polite this I don't think I
can't smile okay with our souls like
that gum in my bloody shop that was run
by my father okay
the nerve of Jesus crisis is tiring okay
next customer okay listen what are you
doing over here on the pay you just
stand around come and help me oh shit
hello oh my little angel put this nice
healthy bandana up there for the human
but no no mrs. kid are you sure you
won't do this for Mama I sure you don't
want like a candy or something
Skylar banana we're in about now they'll
stay here for a minute dearie mommy
needs to use the little bathroom okay
sugar
oh shit we made a lot guys shit sugar we
need to give up sugar right now shit
she's gonna bloody kill me give this
girl sugar right now uh-huh
we're too short she doesn't want apples
no more bananas pretzel pretzels sugar
right dad oh it's not shit ah we might
know that oppresses no sugar burning I
script you want ice cream ice cream
sugar right hey pick it me okay oh let's
check what's in the mini-fridge sugar
what's this a car this is sugar right
here take it
yeah okay much there must be something
in here right hmm oh oh shit sorry
public juggler bar nuts and bolts you're
this you stupid fat girl e oh she loved
it listen dad you better pay fuck shit
sorry booth we've ordered uh yes if the
dough becomes up to 20 X you had the
human the money
whoa money okay here what did you do to
my darling Oh back here what would you
know what I do uh she wanted sugar the
flight home Jesus Christ this is a
pretty shit job up
how'd are we time to go do this all
right Oh shame not a stupid customer
what do you want uh I don't have in my
what is there anything in there gonna
have I said free free hmm how about
those popsicles in the freezer if we
don't sell those by tomorrow we're gonna
have to throw them out anyway
I said you come to my shop okay with no
money and expect for free okay grab this
popsicle wipe it on my ass scat it
yeah oh I wasn't expecting to actually
get something yeah now you have
ocellated ice cream okay go enjoy now
piss off up but I'm gonna go change -
what change this guy this guy is this
gonna joking should we call the police
or something
we can't just let him take our money's
basically robbing us well here have a
robot coin oh thanks you're a real good
person are we going now
what Oh got it it's them in a circle
why are you shit I can saw that go oh
they're human look at this I've got a
coin here for ya
what could I buy for this really I can't
get used to you offering hmm just give
this much something scribbly not
something is specially valuable you
think I'm running a charity okay okay
giving away free shit to this listen I
would take your glasses okay that's your
thing I can see it that hey now you
can't see yeah we could do now huh huh
we're gonna now huh catching us help
okay yeah oh I'm worried aha
yeah see now now rerun okay now piss off
out of my shop okay
he'll give you a use Laura ticket
pleasure doing business with Iran
my lady sometimes it was necessary to
make special deals with customers like
this to assure their repeated patronage
the bloody nothing pencil I don't want
this hat on him or the customer Oh No
here comes trouble Oh see today's not
your lucky day pal
open that safe and give me all your shit
huh hazel this is a robbery
oh shit listen sir okay IIIi don't know
I do not want any chocolate okay dang
dang keywords us in the SEC he was okay
just bad just don't shoot me what is
that a banana oh that doesn't matter
okay just don't shoot don't shoot I'm
getting up the money okay just don't do
anything rash he wants to China the
charity
yeah Maura that's sweet sweet Jenna oh
okay
just don't shoot okay hey today I'm
gonna buy a new pair of shoes
okay new pair shoes we don't have that
miss sorry okay hey cheese jump you're
gonna never catch me
oh shit okay Oh poo poo Melling almost
exclusively and low value products
convenience stores were often the
targets of robbery oh shit
well I just got broke I'm not trying to
feel about that Jesus Christ this is one
heck of a first day okay we've got
stupid kids gun again okay we've got
free loaders and I've just been robbed
oh this is too much for me okay I'll
just stick to YouTube with a job okay
I'm getting sick and tired of this shit
now oh boy who are you oh hello I don't
robot oh I guess so fireworks fireworks
oh hey sir
something about this seems a little bit
strange you're trying to play check
their ID have you got idea yeah give it
it okay I got it right give me ID I'll
check it out with your universal
scanning device human hmm something
fishy's going on here I don't remember
robots having three faces huh I don't
remember that having three voices
okay I do not trust you okay let me
check out the ID name a Dalek one age
old enough I be totally legit expiry
date never hmm that doesn't listen sound
right here okay let me scan the ID oh
sorry
crazily what how many IDs have you got
totally Real ID card adult but so old
totally legit never this looks exactly
the same
SCAP well our technology is never wrong
it appears to be one legitimately adult
robot I guess you can give them their
fireworks but I uh listen dude okay
alright I don't want too long but I I
have a gut feeling that this is three
kids dressed up as one adult oho
I've seen it in tons of movies okay I
just don't trust them I don't think it's
wise to be giving them illegal fireworks
okay I'll get in trouble the police will
come and come arrest me okay what we got
down here
uh shoot a Spock stupid kids
fine fine you kids get out of my shop
okay you come here again don't let it
kill you okay long gentlemen I
understand odd were held at banana point
early this evening oh we've captured the
suspects we just need you to point out
who did it
Oh who took your chitter it was very
simple for you here are the three
suspects just hand me the one who did
sure you're certain oh shit who roped me
earlier was it this guy with the fake
balls in the cowboy hat who looks very
suspicious and evil or is it these two
people hmm well I remember this guy this
was the bloody office guy who kept
ignoring me and this is the granny wait
what happens if I tell the granny that
that there was a trouble that they were
the brother here's the granny's ID what
if I give this to you oh well I guess
you can't judge a book by it's cover
but they arrested more running of this
court job kid hurry it back to the
museum if you want to ah here while you
do whatever you there that was the end
okay no trust a place okay this is the
worst job I've ever seen okay guys I'm
gonna end the video here hope you guys
enjoy this job simulator was the first
idea I thought I would do for my
virtuality headset if you guys think I
should do more then leave a like I say
if we reach 10,000 likes oh do more be
arsed on also leave a comment what do
you think I should do in VR should I do
more job simulator or should I do like a
scary game I hear there's a minecraft
mod for VR so yeah leave a comment what
you guys what you guys want to see oh my
gosh I want to think I saw watching and
I'll see you in the next video man
celerity guys love you Baba
