hey guys is mr. selfie and as you can
straightaway tell I've got a dog in the
background I'm not at my usual setup and
I'm currently staying at my girlfriend's
house okay and she has the cutest little
Shih Tzu daughter
his name is puppy by the way which is
like the laziest attempt of naming the
dog or I just named him puppy he knows
like so many tricks and I have to show
you guys he's like the cutest dog ever
look again baby so yeah anyway today's
video we are going to be reacting to
some more public service announcements I
have made a video on this before it has
nearly 2 million views I love that video
it's such a great video but today's
public service announcements we're gonna
be focusing just on ones that are
animated okay if you guys don't know
what public service announcements are
they're basically like these commercial
type like videos which are aimed to sort
of shock you into sort of learning like
about you know road safety or you know
like child abuse stuff like that okay
and some of them you know end up getting
banned because they're so like crazy
okay so today we're gonna be looking at
you know banned crazy public service
announcement commercials I don't even
know what this video is honestly okay
let's play a game where we try to guess
what the commercial done last cake check
it out something to close it rowdy come
on out from under there come on there's
no such thing as there's no such thing
as a hundred guys alright if you go to a
closet there's no monsters there okay so
what was this advert trying to show
monsters
music when I'm done I get so scared oh
okay Thomas now what's going on one
second is playing ball and they okay
remember this is a public service
announcement okay so it's meant to
advertise some Jeff could you come up
here I don't understand this just looks
like a normal animation to me okay oh
it's time for bed there's no such thing
as monsters
if it's gonna show like a secret message
the real monsters are human beings
I don't understand what's going on Oh
Kate there's not just things monsters
just look in the closet
one stop he was robbed oh it's a hat
okay C CK that was don't there's no
monster in the club silicon thank God Oh
kid oh no no no no please don't tell me
don't tell me No
five million US children are living with
unlocked loaded guns okay okay okay
everyone everyone be honest right now no
one was expecting this to be an anti-gun
comforter - okay okay Jesus Christ this
kid was just like scared of monsters in
one scene so I'm believing him because
it's a monster but apparently it's not a
monster it's it's it's a gun the kid
shot himself okay all right I wasn't
expecting that but yeah now I can see
why that commercial may be banned you
know I don't think parents want to see
commercials of all the kids shoe in
themselves all right but yeah all right
Jesus okay that one I was not expecting
that
okay so it's a fire enjoy your program
enjoying my program great name
okay be messaging your daughter
messaging my plane for weeks we really
get her she says make I feel all grown
up oh those pictures she sent me pixel
nice she really failed for that she's
coming over tomorrow for a few drinks
we'll see what harms my daughter cannot
wait what child sexual exploitation is
happening to go boys across Scotland
know otherwise though is with this
bloody Scottish bunny it's telling me to
sleep with my dog okay Jesus Christ okay
so I get the sort of message that they
were trying to show they're trying to
show like how innocent your daughter
could be I like how she looks but you
don't know sort of like the people that
she's talking to online
yeah yeah all the children watching
right now yet I promise me that you will
never meet up with some widow online
okay do not do that you don't know who
is on the other end of that line okay do
be very careful and be very vigilant
when you are on the internet don't talk
to strangers and don't meet up with them
especially and don't go to know some guy
who's you know messaging you and saying
them dirty pictures it's just crazy a
man like the fact that this happens is
ridiculous you know if you're watching
this right now please don't be this
stupid
Oh Greta
oh so it's just some Hansel and Gretel
eating a lot of candle how's my plump
little Gretel
oh you do it she'll eat as much as a boy
Oh too much or you'll get fat Oh Oh how
your child feels about her body is up to
you oh my himself let's stop eating
disorders before they start okay so what
is that animation meant to be about it's
meant to stop people from getting fat or
you know to stop fat shaming or body
shaming I'm guessing it's the stock body
shaming you know I think then the main
message is you know be comfortable with
your own body and if you want to eat oh
shit I can just go meet Tom economy okay
don't let anyone like to make you feel
bad about eating another big request
why Bologna stop I know he just keeps
going on and on and on oh maybe we
should just send him one no way yes
trust him he did say he loves us it
doesn't sound it he could share that
with anyone what's a nice that pic broke
into yes everyone saw it
her parents how he's calling us Ritchie
do what at it no aren't you pressuring
you to send a revealing picture
disrespect nobody that's so great okay
because like yeah like I know what it's
like to be a teenage boy and I know what
teenage boys are like all right they're
these stupid little horny little
teenagers okay
and I feel like boys put way too much
pressure on girls to sort of you know
sort of move forward with their
sexuality
okay don't if you're a boy watching this
all right little boy don't ask for naked
pictures of your of some random girl
okay and telling her that you love her
just so that she sends you a bloody
tittie pic okay go on internet for now
all right stop pressuring young girls
into into making them feel like they
have to do these things when they don't
need to okay I mean everyone progresses
sexually different different than you
know some do it early some you know take
a lot more time to sort of get
comfortable that sort of thing so don't
pressure anyone into doing something
that they don't want
do okay so yeah girls don't send titty
pictures or so - no horny boys are quite
okay because they don't give a shit
about you oh if you're checking your
girlfriend's phone telling her who she
can and can't speak to that's not okay
okay of course all right you've gotta
give your girlfriend space if your
boyfriend's telling you how to dress oh
that's not right comfortable you're all
clothing that's what I always say Owen
asks you for a nude pic or keeps wanting
you to share one should have to do what
you have to do it when it comes to sex
only an idiot would put pressure on
someone Thanks talking boxes if you turn
to violence when your girlfriend
disagrees with you that's not the way to
handle it
unattached to everybody respect to see
more such disrespect nobody oh I get it
now disrespect nobody don't disrespect
the body okay so yeah I'm guessing this
company is aimed to sort of you know get
kids to sort of respect each other you
know and respect each other's bodies and
personal space stuff like that you know
I mean like this sort of stuff I feel
like kids should know already you know
just be a good human being it's not that
hard but yeah you know I think some some
kids are stupid and ruin it for the
others you know all right this next
animation comes from David James Ann's
be okay and I'm gonna leave the link to
the video and his Facebook page down
description okay this is like an
animation that he made which is sort of
like a public service announcement but
it's like an animation which he made all
right so let's check it out and his
message oh okay so we've got an old-time
TV what is a pal we sitting comfortably
yeah I'm pretty confident are you guys
okay welcome citizens of Auto day hello
- this PSA guys all right so we've got a
family
Oh around the room look at your father
my father where is he
okay my father's not there okay my
father's never been there for me
honestly
uh-uh-uh look at your father look at
your father he likes to read the
newspaper and kick his feet up after a
hard day's work okay he provides for
your family
Oh your father is pretty whoa and then
children look at your hey isn't her
cooking splendid you know it gives the
house clean and she reads you bedtime
stories every night what a good mother
mother is pretty okay so what's the
message and now children look at
yourself
oh they're trying to make your charity
you laugh you play you may sweep your
knees through time to time
oh you want your friends get up to all
sorts of playful mischief oh oh
nope all day one day children you will
grow up to be just like one of your
parents are all the family of your own
what if I want to do that you will be
pretty
oh there pressure I going Lee my
pretties look outside at your lovely
neighbors that pretty you're pretty
nobody you're pretty you're okay you're
pretty you're per day but alas children
not everyone is pretty awesome
hey don't want uglies please do ugly you
are ugly you are
you wife everyone away well so that you
and your friends but your neighbors and
your family we can stay pretty whoa
remember not children but well that's
like brainwashing kids into thinking and
to conforming into and this holidays PSA
Wow Oh Dale Oh
what robots what's going on oh my cake
guys just took a dark turn
hello what's gonna happen this robot oh
no it's gonna if you're gonna cook
disfigured retard death but oh I just
get it now
depressing crippled ode to boss I get it
oh no stereo blind gay oh no no you're
not ugly
you're pretty is this bloody God
what's this what is all this
whoa please stand by Auto Dale Wow that
animation was amazing oh my goodness
guys I did you get it now it's like
basically saying you know like back in
the day you know like we would always
you know put pressure just just to kids
you know just just sort of grow up and
be normal you know but we're living in a
society now where we shouldn't outcasts
people for being different you know like
it's not it's not the fact that like we
are pretty and they are ugly or the
basically saying like we are normal and
you guys are not normal
we don't live in that sort of society
anymore you know we live in a world now
where you know you're allowed to be the
person that you want to be you know you
should be comfortable in your own skin
you know and no one should sort of make
fun out of you or be mean to you or even
like see you as someone that's not like
you you know because we're all the same
you know and you know it's it's just an
opinion of someone being ugly and pretty
yeah you know and yeah it that animation
was amazing man like like it has some
deeper meaning which I think I
understood but you know but let me let
me know what you guys think in the
comments you know because I thought that
one was it was really deep okay okay
PSA all right this looks so old okay
this must be from very very a long time
ago oh no go hello a little little Suzy
so inside your school don't you yeah
nothing in this world could harm you oh
what's gonna harm up oh wait I just
realized 2+2 it does not equal 5 what
who make this shitty public service
announcement well you're wrong all wrong
why what that's right Suzy there are
people outside just waiting to hurt you
Oh crazy people like
Peter the pedophile okay you would not
see this in 2018 okay you can't just
make an animation and say yeah Peter the
pitfalls out there waiting for you kids
don't make sure you go talk to strangers
like oh yeah pedophile you need to stay
away from Peter Oh will be nice to you
okay even offer you candy to get in his
van
oh no doctors outside and he'll make you
do naughty things you're just a member
body to the lake brothel get rid of the
evidence
there's more good people maybe even
you're a whole family so Susie avoid all
strangers all strangers look both ways
before crossing she died so that what a
louis cerritos film don't tell me that's
real no way no way or anything I'm
pretty sure that was made by some random
dude okay but yeah this is the sort of
thing that what we had back in the day
we had like shock tactics all right I
mean I know like children you shouldn't
really talk to strangers okay especially
if they're being overly nice because
they could be a pedophile and everything
but yeah like this sort of tactic of
shocking them and basically scaring them
and showing them the worst case scenario
of where you meet a pedophile
who you know does dirty things and then
kills you after like as a kid if I watch
this you know I would be scared as shit
to talk to anyone outside Jesus Christ
this is scary
Oh
okay shiny sides wait today click low a
run show the wrong video how is this a
public service announcement that was
banned I don't understand
oh it's in 20 it carries on ok so I
forgotten us already why are you so here
yes why is it here because you sprayed
us here what kind of new left over from
your cleaner means walk seek ingredients
impression clean and then we get to
watch you know what a weird way of
showing people to be careful about the
cleaning products that you use the
bubbles became horny little men that
were just watching this woman shower
naked and this woman just was sort of
like oh ok I just have to deal with this
it's not people it's salt bubbles what
kind of person came up with this I did
that a soap bubble is gonna you know be
a pervert and what some woman naked in
the shower
ok alright little bit of a weird way to
portray your message but you know what I
don't know what else to say honestly
okay guys I'm gonna end the video there
I want to thank you guys so much for
watching this was me reacting to
animated public service announcement or
like like banned commercials okay like
some of them have like good messages but
I think you know I I think this tactic
of shocking you know kids is something
in the past then we should leave that in
the past okay I don't like shocked
dicks either way though thank you guys
so much for watching if you want me to
make a part two let's try any 30,000
legs and yeah I'll see you in the next
video man so the guys buh-bye
