oh my goodness look at the sky is it a
bird is it a plane
oh my gosh I'm a hipster fly and I'm
starting to feel it okay so what would
do it max
okay we're we're playing little bit
planet all right you're probably
wondering why why are we going back to a
little big planet yeah damn right I'm
wondering why well I'll tell you all
right they added probably the best DLC
they could ever add okay now wait one
second I'm waiting
don't worry right all right more than
one second I'm sorry took away for it
max come back hi spongebob
pay up buddy
I've good look I've got my little arm
jellyfish net that's so adorable this is
great already this was so worth like 10
pounds so this is spongebob let me see
what other characters are yeah I wish
the grant money
give me money Oh wave me money at are
you birdy get off me get off me I'm mr.
crab to let my heritage of accent know
it's cool and everything a video this is
the most adorable game ever oh man why I
need to play more of this game this game
is so adorable I think it's like the
best game on ps4 right I know it
literally is Oh spongebob are we gonna
go play some new big bladder levels yeah
yeah chuffing why not uh but spongebob
you shot you shall which but I've had
enough of your stuff Patrick but
spongebob please I thought we're friends
but not anymore
Patrick Oh
now I think there's actually says for
spongebob levels so yeah let's go play
that oh oh it's going intro uh-huh oh my
god what spongebob dog spongebob sounds
like such it bless your heart we have to
collect the Krabby Patties blanket
stealing our formula yar yar let's do
let's go to bikini bottom hey Fred can
you clean up all those oh shit I didn't
read it up sorry come on SpongeBob
let's go safety krabby patty ah let's go
Indian man on the water
ah Squidward we'll look Squidward at
Sandy OH
snappy snoo alright we have we have to
check out this outfit right now ah
sandy I don't want to go on this mission
to find the krabby patty yeehaw yo is
that your sign the oppression sandy that
impression is awful I'm gonna go play my
clarinet Squidward you need to really
salt you you still felt sandy don't tell
me what that dough you squirrel shit oh
all right okay sandy why you're like
it's a hot spot robes giving us advice
man hold down the X but attach about
sponge we know what to do hey hey don't
know I don't know drop you off that was
great yes I get fought it out
I'm not late you get back oh no besides
there's no way you're making it don't
let go Sammy
hi Patrick hey hey spongebob come catch
a fish Squidward I mean Patrick Patrick
stop stop big an ass what's up Izzy wait
how did you go out ah no way no no sorry
hey what's that
Sally sticker oh boy we did it oh oh it
was a jellyfish was making it oh thingy
the krabby patty Gary Gary Gary what
happened to Gary he fell off the 84 life
wasn't worth living anymore I never
liked Gary anyway you're useless squid
oh no it's paper spongebob why you put
the talking on my face but I know way
too many spongebob references because
spongebob was like the thing with me ah
ah you're supposed to go through that
oh then once you died I don't know why I
keep dying typical sandy always dying
man all right Squidward you could have
talked shit Squidward talk shit when I'm
alive you mess it up oh this reference I
think we had I yeah this must be a
reference but I'm one of the newest yeah
I was in this episode Massie fat I know
oh shit out okay how he's posted now
that I did it
aha 9 you seen a skillet that was that
really skillful why is the water under
water what what that's a good point why
is there water under water this krabby
patty Mel's like poo Patrick or
spongebob Loretta's listening oh the
side of those knockoff that's making me
nauseous
ah three two one
yeah we did it oh no pun
whoa
we play with our that's what he get oh
my goodness the music yeah let's go
sandy yeah oh wait wait wait what's that
oh it's Squidward's body parts on the
heater spongebob look i'ma do a starfish
oh wait no I'm a starfish hey Shan apps
a great great accident ode to the spooky
Flying Dutchman or the Flying Dutchman
so many rusty crab or the Krusty Krab as
well
the comes looking oh yeah the coat okay
it's like graphic dot oh it's literally
like grab the door yeah I'm on be just
call me rustic rustic oh well the hell
why my risk I change now now now now hey
can I order a krabby patty
spongebob one krabby patty you want some
seaweed salad with that sure I'd like
some weed oh yeah
let's get hi Squidward Bergen whoa
I'll be back ah look at you change it to
a horsey neigh neigh horsey and catch
more snail cat I don't know what Gary is
he's a he's a smack smack where do you
get frozen if it's not if it gets frozen
are you talking about nothing gets
frozen why might find that buddy squirt
me Arnie discrim ha ha ha mr. Krabs is
dissected ah how do I go over there oh
there we go they took me arm stop
messing around get me money I mean my
formula whoa
secrets that's awesome dad hey it's not
he's a daddy freakin plankton he's up to
no good started making trouble in
Malaysia miss Batchelor ha ha me spatula
almost a squid with a chip any Krabby
Patties I had too many Krabby Patties
spongebob
whoa look we got we got like cast out of
the cash machine how awesome is that
yeah destroy blanka's machine yeah I
know we didn't do care
hey yeah baby
oh sandy escape no scary it's the Flying
Dutchman Oh what the hell
oh oh it's the Flying Dutchman devvra
lying Dutchman let's do the Flying
Dutchman level sandy yar oh my goodness
birdie we're at the Flying Dutchman ship
yeah some spooky stuff right now birdee
oh I'm so spooky run away boy am I in
the ground
look I've glitched out come SpongeBob's
there and he's scared
hey swoop oh sure spongebob beam up on
it oh my oh no the cannon calor the
flying Dutchman's cannon ways I see
group games for accountants out yet at
this but spot oh yeah whoa
that's smart ah are you hiding in the
cup
ah you smart mean oh yeah the Flying
Dutchman I was Savin apparent words
coming out of his mouth that's the son
Peter it's pleasurable awful oh snap oh
my god mega eaten by the maggots or the
pies there Oh Luke deal a loop-de-loop
amp oh hi shiza
looking good dee Jones that sounds for
dick
no it's Davey it's Davy Jones's Locker -
crap I mean pack up the Krusty Krab your
let me out spongebob no I'm the Flying
Dutchman I will not let you out
put me money let go it's my guy slide my
mine I black no stay away Fred it's mine
it's mine you don't get see up look at
guy's face
it's a girl there's no this is kappa
Tina hey guys look at her face oh no
spongebob Patrick
barnacles the ship scared my pants ride
good thing I've also got to back up
hairs on spongebob I'm scared of the
Flying Dutchman yeah well good for you
Patrick right yeah yeah I patch it we
don't ask your life story
oh the Machine all right turn it to okay
I do about me oh snap three machines
down one more to go
oh yeah okay let's get let's get out of
this place Annie this is giving me the
heebie-jeebies aah aah
whoa sir Oh secret stakeout poke the
bucket Oh - Chum Bucket are you ready
touch um I I max who lives in a Chum
Bucket under the sea plankton
yeah mr. Krabs
I'm scared mr. Krabs he's got me foreign
Yeller he's got you formula mr. Krabs
will be variegated back then finally a
ballerina
ha ha ha oh no still no formula that's
that as a terrible accent barnacles I've
been captured by plankton ah get off my
face black I'll take the ride - give me
a second
could you jump on aah I've got you now I
can yo ha ha ha you just popped out I've
got you now plankton ah no a black area
is mine I'm not planted around stuck
whoa Romy's come Chum is cut fun Oh what
worry the computer what was that by what
is this diff oh yeah oh yeah forward
lower here yeah hey hello my pop oh no
it's robot mr. Krabs bee-boo-boo-bop
little boat ravioli ravioli give me the
formuoli I love sponges so much Chris
mr. Krabs how'd she do my dear
elevation to the right left right
ah I hope the flowery fluid was bad I
can't speak you ready now dang we spent
so long to say that ah ah God flag dude
no you have to give yourself good you
did it all the machines are plastic yeah
take that plankton great news bikini
bottom we just received word that sac
point is francis schaeffer day we're all
enjoying delicious Krabby Patties again
this has been Bikini Bottom news if
you'll excuse me
I made a move for a party oh shit oh
sorry I stopped it oh I was I was
pressing eggs and it just skipped it
well I was anticlimactic oh my goodness
look at the sky wait why my oh okay
don't touch me again
I don't know which one I want to be
shall be Krusty Krab Krusty Krab
Christie grabs bloody garbage they say
spongebob let the balls sandy man why
did he go man come on man see Marcy
because it's fine Squidward typical sack
I mean it's typical
I mean sandy it's a reference from are
you moved with you wait why does he have
parking spaces in these Oh obviously why
does he have Parkinsons birdee
I mean why am i doing an accent oh oh oh
I'm stuck hey yeah help oh thanks
