oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
it is mr. selfie and today ladies jammer
we about get again with happy wheels on
the road man we're playing happy wheels
check out the app you have a shit old
man don't try and tell me to download
that shit
it's bloody shit CS ladies Jimmy we are
back yet again when happy rules now I
don't actually know what to do so what I
haven't actually done in a very long
while is to browse the mesh yourself
levels and look at all these shitty
levels okay look at all the levels you
guys have made me guys and people
actually been playing them what sort of
sad people I've been playing my levels I
don't know okay let's stop insulting you
let's play your shit oh I mean levels I
mean
garbage wish yourself tossed kill them
for me to get money and pizza I love
money here pizza alright I can already
tell this is gonna be absolute garbage
but let's play it right you need to get
the hell out of it man I'm telling you
right now this levels goddamn trash I
listen black low and lawnmower guy
alright this is not uh okay well he's
got it he's got a point
well that's a complete waste of my time
but thanks guy always the same dude mess
yourself if you pass this level you will
be my hero Oh V uh what okay let's play
a shitty to deat oh oh shit shit any dad
they spawn me and with a play or burn in
the face oh shit should be I'm sorry I
was just preparing to do a funny joke
but okay what else okay and then I did
it well that was funny oh shit is the
same guy again be Jesus Christ dude
you've been busy making me three levels
measure self I made this level for you
in this level you have to save me
enjoy what is this some dirty fanfiction
okay oh my goodness
hey madam have you to define my dad hobo
kidnapped him
hello mister hobo hey buddy how you
doing I'm just here kidnapping men
mister hobo can you go can you just let
him go but brothers I like kidnapping
people well I tried reasoning with you
well there you go
how could this
such a shit you are okay let's try it
again go nice and slow
that's it mr. hobo go nice and slow huh
I bared it mash yourself necklace you
know me too well VIPRE measure self
erase what could this mean something
shit probably yeah what happened to
y'all I don't know son I mean I got fat
anymore you're going to have to help me
fat
I see later that I'm sorry but sorry our
life out I'm dead dad bye measure self
full this is dedicated to biomass
yourself and the fans of mesh yourself
are this guy's soul sweet it's my second
level we made for me what you bloody
gate no way no way look how good this is
orange sky you're plenty mad come on
dude go go go just fly let Superman fly
ah look at him he's like bloody Superman
yes what ah really it's like Superman
whoa whoa dad dad doesn't that woo yeah
oh shit now oh shit oh no aah oh crap ah
look at me go oh oh okay I did it don't
do it oh my goodness oh wait what oh oh
my god whoa oh my gosh that is amazing I
was totally not expecting that today
listen orange
what is your face or in sky thank you so
much someone actually put effort into a
happy Wars video in 2016 mind blown mess
yourself WWE WWE do you know who else is
in WWE Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe
Doctor John Cena
oh shit I'm just reusing jokes now are
like Oh mess yourself Paul and it's from
the same orange sky dude whoa used to
measure stuff no go again
ah amazing ah this is so good
add the measures of longer I'm so good
why no I didn't realize this level was
dedicated to that uh what you would call
it oh yes to Brad and of course anyways
you're basically you do some shitty TV
stuff that this orange guy has added to
this level you okay with that okay I'm
gonna go I'll do much reading but thank
you so much to find out you need to do a
reading test I can't read uh orange sky
don't make me bloody read cookie I mean
I want cookie poor cookie ball keep on
six cook it ball six high i ice am what
what gay Oh
I'm gay okay I get your joke now I guess
you kiss me more now yeah bitch go back
don't kill us Brandon we pray to the
Almighty God killed us check out that
day oh my god this is amazing
mess yourself easy this is easy I hope
you enjoy ZZZ my shisha shelf I spell my
name right your bloody gate ah daddy are
we gonna go fast like sonic we are gonna
go fast like Sonic
without yen measure self-quiz wait I
think I've already played this yeah I
think I definitely have played this a
smash yourself English um I get asses a
lot of time I don't understand why but
yes I live in England and I live in
London England okay
yes I'm English okay I'm glad I got that
right - that's the quiz but goodness
sake you soup
Luke you're a twat you're a little shit
so it was that really the lot of
research you did where I'm from god damn
it Luke mess yourself level I hope you
like this level planted this time it's
different from the others but it's
mainly for measures up okay well don't
ask your life story dude let's just play
a level it's it's a bloody a jumpring
level okay you know you know I love
these guys you know alumni's thank you
so much
wicked shitty titty man and we've got
the whole gang we don't piss off on a
plane I sure wish yourself level again
oh shit by happy dude this leg was the
mesh silk huh oh shit
okay well it's another impossible level
I got I gotta go I gotta go through here
right oh oh oh die don't die don't die
don't die don't die don't die I died
oh shit go go go go go go oh shit that
bet the arrow just know what to do come
on
mess yourself quiz okay with that guy
with the pogo stick
what is measure sells real name my name
is Brandon oh shit not Brad Brian who
the player thinks I'm Brian Brian's a
gay name all right we all know that
Brandon all right that's it that's the
only awesome name I see here boom all
right better oh shut up Nova what is
measure cells phrase like a boss over
charity watch Robert our mortgage now
ladies well over me like a boss well my
phrase is Chitty Chitty I I think I have
lots of phrases I don't I don't mean to
have phrases I just I just like calling
people bloody gays but and shitty
Diddy's but there we go
shitty Dicky who is my shows best friend
Oh God ask me that I don't even well
first off
I fucking ate tomorrow I'm at Shea all
right but I don't know Jamie lemon oh
okay a party game England's my best
friend well there you go all right all
right I was okay I guess a little mesh
yourself I hope you'll at my level I'm
from Portugal and I love you and I love
your videos oh but so spicy oh I love it
mesh is so simple whoa I don't think
it'd get any more simple miss yourself
save jump off a ledge and save your
friend that's boring machete fell wrong
go go go to school hi player hopefully
well the level was trash okay well that
was the script Misha selfquest help the
woman what at the woman I will baby I
would save this woman hopefully she will
let me suck on them
oh yeah bad did come and save my sexy
ass yeah you love it oh yeah ha ha there
you go oh my goodness where did you go
oh shit
piss off you bloody shit don't you touch
up Oh Phil don't just let just him sofa
day please ha ha ha ha oh shit thank you
have some coins yeah
myself if you are playing this I want
you to know that you are my favorite
YouTube I'm a YouTube myself hard port
okay
smelly oh look at that thing oh my god
this is kind of freaky isn't it Hey okay
go I believe I can fly I believe I could
push the sky I think about it every bad
day I spent my days I'd fly away look I
gotta fall that's what I'm talking about
bye Pete oh shit mom's gonna kill me
okay ladies gentlemen I'm wet and I'm
tired now but yeah that was a mess
yourself levels like I like uh for some
reason all of these levels were really
good that I played oh actually no I take
that back a few wish it but I'm so like
shocked of how good these guys out how
good some of these levels are so I thank
you if you have actually made me level I
was expecting to be shit but uh yeah
thank you anyway guys I'm the end of
video here leave a goddamn like if we
quit when we reach ten ten thousand
nights because we're obviously we're
gonna do it I'll upload another happy
wolves video okay ladies German but
under my guys I would think I was
watching and I will see you in the
goddamn next video man she let guys love
you
baba
no I did
