for three
it's not use you up to be loaded by
it's not unusual to have fun with anyone
but when I see you hanging about
you up to go out anytime
when I see you out and about is such a
crime
it's not usual
no matter what
laughter man
what you want to
be my
it's not unusual it's not unusual to be
sad
it's not unusual
hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is measures out there and today ladies
gentlemen I have a very special video
for you guys because we are checking out
the new doom baby and you probably ask
me Brandon this game is not even bloody
out yet well you're right it's not out
yet so let me talk about the event now
basically the guys over at Bethesda were
like Brandon okay we have a new build of
doom okay you need to comment come over
and check it out so we went we went I
went to this event in London and we went
we got to play like I think four or five
hours of the do multiplayer now I'm more
like a single-player guy I watched their
like the trailers for doom and I was
more excited for the single-player okay
I don't really have that much fun for
the multiplayer stuff so I was a bit
skeptical at first but oh my god when I
sat down and finally played it I am not
even joking it was probably the most fun
I've had playing a multiplayer shooter
game in a very very long time
like I don't know why I found it so it's
fun maybe it was like because we're all
playing the same room we could see each
other's reactions there was lots of
laughing screaming you know like
everyone was having such a good time
like I've genuinely how it was having
like so so so so much fun so when we're
at the event we are playing I think two
game modes which was a TDM which is
obviously your standard most kills wins
get team versus team and then I think we
play the game called war pawn now
warpath was where you had to sort of
capture a point in the map but this
point in the map was constantly moving
around the map okay so it's not as
little bit of a twist on like your sort
is just started like capturing a certain
point in the map and then go into
another point in the map
so it's sort of like MIT solved means
that use not just stopped standing there
okay I'm standing here capturing my
point okay it's done now let's go over
there you're constantly like moving and
like checking every angle I think that
was pretty fun I liked war far now
probably my favorite thing about the do
multiplayer okay now in every single
game I believe it happens in every
single game there is a something that's
which is called a demon rune now this
demon rune can sport anywhere in the map
all right and if you are the first
person to collect this demon room you
have this cool animation where your
hands just burn in fire and you turn
into a bloody demon okay and this demon
it just goes bloody mento all right it
just goes around to shooting everyone
I think this demon that I had it was
some sort of like this alien looking guy
with a jetpack and rockets okay and he
just goes around shooting everyone so I
love that just like you're just sitting
around okay you're playing a game okay
and then all of a sudden this demon
comes out of nowhere and you're just
like shit I need to get the hell out of
it okay so that's pretty cool and also
all right so I was thinking get this
demon is gonna be proper overpowered
okay but if once the end once the demon
dies okay which obviously is got to die
at some point if the it then drops
another demon room for the opponent okay
so then the opponent can then collect
that and then have his turn the demon so
you both take times or times okay but
yeah the demons okay that is so much fun
we were playing like I said before it
was like this alien guy but from what I
saw unlike the the trailers they had
like this big-ass demon that you turn
into like I could not wait for the game
to release to come out so I can play as
like the other big demons okay play as a
demon in the middle of a multiplayer
shooter game okay it sounds awesome it
bloody well is so um yeah what I was
going to talk about uh oh yeah something
that something else that I found really
fun okay it's basically the melee
attacks now if you shoot someone okay
and get their life down to a certain
point when they're low health okay
they stop flashing like yellow and where
if you may lay them at that exact moment
where they turn yellow you then you then
execute like a finishing move and now
these finishing moves can vary to like I
think at one point I like need someone
until their head exploded I think I kick
someone and then I kick someone in the
stomach and then the whole body like
disintegrated it's pretty it's pretty
disgusting okay but I think what as soon
as I found that out I think I spent like
five games straight just melee only like
I ruined the enemy teams like who's that
guy bloody
cake kicking me I was like oh it's not
me
as I do anything but yeah the melee
stuff oh my god is so funny like I was
just screaming every time I got a medic
you know and every time I die by my name
Lak I was like so oh man I really wish I
could record it live because my
reactions was just so funny like we were
all just like you had to be that as a
bed we were all like screaming and
laughing like it was just so funny to
see everyone's reactions when we all got
a funny kill with something funny
happened you know it's just ah it was so
so funny so there's a lot of
customization in the game you can like
customize your soldier and you can
customize you like guns and colors and
there's a lot of customization but what
I was mainly focusing on the
customization is the amount now as you
saw from the intro you got like the Colt
and dance okay that's got to be my
favorite they've got a whole bunch of
other emotes I think yeah I think I
probably spend the most time just using
a molten games okay they could they have
I love how games are putting this sort
of stuff in nowadays no you know they
look like you've got like you're serious
like shooting fun like shooting FPS
aspects and then you've got like your
silly stuff that they add in I love the
silly stuff okay so the emotes are are
really fun I had a lot of time messing
around with that but so yeah I'm not
gonna lie I am really really really
looking forward to this game I was
already looking forward to it with with
a single-player stuff like I am
definitely gonna be making loads of
videos when that comes out but they've
actually got me sold on the mall air
stuff like that like it just goes to
show at this game is this games gonna be
really good when it comes out and I am
really really excited for when it comes
out expect loads of doom videos in the
future
definitely so I believe the games coming
out the 13th of May I am pretty sure is
the xxx than May I think there's a
closed beta which is going on right now
but it is a closed beta and I don't
think you guys can get in it but anyway
um yeah I just want to thank a professor
obviously too for inviting me to this
event and having the privilege to record
this multiplayer stuff and show you guys
you know this was a quite an exclusive
event I think there was only like 20
youtubers invited all across Europe
the fact that we got invited to this
event it just goes to shut it it's just
so awesome how much the channel is sort
of grown to a state where we are where
we are being invited to these events and
I'm having the privilege to show you
guys footage early you know like no like
barely other barely any other youtubers
have this or privilege to show you guys
gameplay early so um yeah thank you
pathetic for being the cool people that
you are and show me how awesome doom is
I am so big so so super excited now for
this game okay I cannot wait till May uh
and yeah uh yeah so I think I think
that's pretty much it I hope you guys
enjoyed this video I'm really excited
for doom and yeah thank you guys so much
for watching and I will see you in the
goddamn next video man
so there the guys love you Bob
