hello everyone how is everyone doing of
these measures out there today latest
ever we are playing date Arianne now
date area is a dating simulator I'm sure
you've seen a couple of videos before
and the aim of this date simulator is to
have sex with Ariana okay now it sounds
easy okay especially bear the ladies now
that I am baby come on in come Wonka
what a bit of a QC dad that's right you
do oh yeah kissing goodbye little bit of
a kisser
oh yeah what now it seems easy but
Ariana the stupid little ho look at you
re odd
you bloody no blog brought DT wearing
home okay she is not a ho okay well she
is a hole okay but we need to find her
wholeness okay so a parent is very hard
area and she's a bitch okay let's just
bloody well start this you have been set
up on a blind date with a girl named oh
yeah this is a house she is pretty
expected chameleon pleased to make your
acquaintance
let me and y'all okay hello girl oh shit
what do we do first we complement her
say something smart say something funny
let's be funny can vegetarians eat
animal crackers
oh my gosh she thinks I'm funny what the
hell oh when you give me the option for
a little bit of a okay I've never made
to this point in the date they usually
chase me out of their own home by now
I'm curious what happens if I give her a
little bit of a piercing oh my goodness
you give her a quick peck on the lips I
couldn't help myself
you are so kissably cute ah what am i
bloody day I wanted to break the tension
that sounds good what do you mean by
break the tension
oh shit this is it boys I'm getting laid
go on get the sound off I'm getting
light boys well at the end of the
evening we're just gonna return here
right that's more what you're gonna say
now she thinks I'm funny that's not a
joke I'm trying to suck on your titties
gentlemen what I just probably kissed
you after I first met you oh my good I'm
not a gentleman I played par but if
anything tonight all right
area okay all right why do I do anything
okay do you are my guest I will let you
decide
listen area oh shit look at all these
options okay let us turn on some music
sure why not okay okay all right shut up
okay I don't care okay let's do a little
bit of a country what's got the cowboy
hat form up okay okay change this shit
music okay let's play some rock music
oh shut up Ariane okay okay let's play
some large as oh shit
Wow I love jazz Brandon it's so romantic
oh shit okay so while dancing dip and
kiss our neck oh shit she wicked chill
give a bit over to Casey oh my god she's
a whole shit she's a bloody ho you know
how to set a romantic mood
ladies this is how it starts lace
Redmond this is how we achieve that big
day socket did he snuck in for you nudee
socket for you everybody gets that Dede
sucked okay what happens if we dip and
kiss our neck
what day
oh yeah thinks I'm sexy this is bloody
sexy kiss her again to school you re on
listen I don't want no shitty house to
go to the backyard I'm a barbecue Stig
didn't know what the shit okay let's do
that
alright be careful with that knife
Arianny okay let's wait for our steaks
oh you smell delicious Brandon I like
steak alright now this is important
later Damon we need to come up with
small talk I think we should first give
her a compliment oh shit create barbecue
skills haha you are beautiful ever
consider posing nude no she already
thinks I'm a pervert okay okay we can't
say that you are so pretty I can't take
my eyes off you
oh I pissed off I'm not bloody gate okay
great barbecue skills great barbecue
skills did you learn them from working
fast food for a living too inconsiderate
twat all right Ari I'm sorry I'm sorry
alright Ariane you fat bitch alright
let's see where this leads
please alright now we're gonna think
about this ladies gentleman I just had a
steak so my breath is gonna be a bitter
bunch many okay so let's go freshen up
in the bathroom all right listen up
Bugsy that you stupid go followed our
yacht in or wait in the hole okay well
that's the end the thing okay I walked
in home to win a pool well that's just
great banter all right let's go for a
drive let's drive into the mountains all
right did do that Oh selfie say cheese I
my scenario no I didn't agree to selfies
okay this is in the second day what was
that for stupid go I got a text from a
friend wondering what my dad liked I'm
sending her your picture
huh I ain't not agree to this oh shit
she could she could be saying some mean
stuff to me oh my god boy don't be mean
okay she's been texting some mean shit a
few more miles is lookout point this
looks scary we are driving down a
lonesome road deep here it is coming up
I'm scared
oh wait wait it's something to be scared
of it's quite romantic this looks like a
quiet secluded sport hehehe should be
take advantage of it what do you have in
mind there yeah let's get out look
around no oh shit well that's just great
okay make a funny face gonna and make a
funny face it was silly pause next I'm
doing this space bug you like most
oh my goodness sorry Anne Jesus Christ
I'll I think I will it be on this day
anymore for the picture Brandon okay
should I show my muscles like Hercules
okay I have got a lot of muscles are you
gonna believe me on that pull down your
pants and moon the camera show my bum
I'm gonna have to do that oh shit now I
have a picture of your ass all right
don't delete it okay don't post that on
Instagram Jesus Christ when what it's
your turn pull down your pants and ruin
the cameras what who that work that's
pretty smooth I'm not gonna lie oh my
goodness oh she actually did it oh this
nobody else around gonna me i peace holy
shit
she wants me to make a move kiss her on
the lips look kiss her on the neck we
saw on the lips
that was nice yes I know
oh my goodness what the bloody hell is a
hickey hold on a minute let me get this
shot off oh oh shit we've got company oh
shit some guys come in whoa check out
the ghost titties go for a dude oh my
goodness you arrive back at Aryans place
that was a very long trip and it's way
too late so good night on a scale 1-10 I
get an 8 okay at least we're getting
improvement all right we started off
with the number two okay and now we're
going up to eight okay we still haven't
had sex with her but uh you know yeah we
need to have sex with her you know what
it's our first date all right I will
kiss you good night okay well that was
okay I would cool our success okay okay
ladies and gentlemen I'm gonna end the
video here so that was date Ariana
okay there's loads of like possibilities
you can do in this game
alright now the aim of the game is to
have sex with her okay so I could
potentially do that next episode or at
least like find out like other
opportunities because there's a lot to
do in this game all right so if we if we
reach like 10,000 likes I might make
another video on this game okay it seems
funny okay so I think I can make another
video on it but yeah anyway guys I don't
think I so much watching and I will see
you in the goddamn next video man see ya
later guys
love you ba ba
