whoo hello everyone how is everyone
doing in this measure selfie today we
are gonna be reacting to video so if you
guys have never heard of a YouTube
channel called t-series basically they
have 60 million subscribers right now
and they're soon going to be the number
one most subscribed YouTube channel on
the whole of YouTube oh bloody idiots
bloody YouTube what's the bloody YouTube
videos all my bloody god this is amazing
so yeah because there's so many bloody
Indians on this website now I thought it
would be funny to react to some funny
Indian videos ok now there's no hate on
this video or I am half Indian ok it's
ok ok let's first start off by watching
some funny Indian TV show clips or this
video is called dramatic Indian paper
signing that means is there a problem is
there a problem signing this piece of
paper Indian woman okay so what just a
sign something what why is it so
dramatic oh oh it's you're gonna sign on
whoa oh okay
open the paper why the soldier ready
okay
beside the pipe a bit sweet
in Japan D unchanged upon D or J but
none be mine in mine name what's going
on why she's an exciting the bloody
PayPal okay let's go sign it oh my
goodness let's reboot it no okay it's
still going on all right how long is
gonna go on for hello oh oh oh and then
sort of thing oh no and then she
couldn't do it okay well although that
bloody build-up the hard to just drop
the bloody pen that scene could have
been over in two seconds okay she picked
up the pen and then dropped the pen
that's all that bloody happened and what
that stretched out for like a minute
waste of my goddamn bloody time well you
got to admit though the music was pretty
banging
Oh okay who's this woman
oh it's buddy Sanji's oh oh whoa whoa
okay that was a lot of dramatic noise
just to introduce this character okay
dude is every character get this
introduction
okay woman in a car oh all right all
right
it's the creature my age what's she
doing she's just rolling down a car
window oh no this guy's dead
that's pretty sad Jeep order to do okay
all right still coming do you realize
okay did you just discover the cure for
cancer or something why they're gonna
make this shit that dramatic okay what
well what was the realization going
through his head all right that which
made it that dramatic Oh Oh what's going
on a tuk-tuk for her knees leg nice guy
she's brother
what do we bloody do I don't know what
to do will you take him to the hospital
I'm gonna second shut up I have a better
idea I will call Engels James Bond right
now hello Indian James Bond he's coming
right now look at him bloody walking in
these any shoes okay this guy doesn't
have that much cool shoes oh okay yes he
does look at this cool by Kias okay who
is this guy
who is this the Indian James Bond oh god
this guy smoke a cigarette what you
gonna do and then oh
you know okay don't smoke don't smoke it
I by the sky wait wait that's all that
fix this guy is like crushed by a tuk
tuk you know just just just burning it
all right so he was faking it the whole
time
oh thank you say my bloody life oh this
guy okay all right this is uh now this
guy's shaking a tree and now okay the
people then you see this guy's a god or
something I have no idea so this is from
a movie called in Rehan all right I
think I don't know why I'm watching no
all right so he's getting shot and then
he dodges it jumps out of the car and
then lifts up his own car to protect
himself okay all right I don't know what
this guy did okay this guy just okay so
he's a robot
you can terrify him shocking everyone
it's done and then
now he's okay now he's just shooting
everyone just getting shot oh so he
shoots everyone and everyone pretends to
get shot who's disguised it's the Indian
Terminator and then throws all of his
guns in his car all right what what is
this movie Oh
and now and now he's a ball of himself
and okay
it's what is this an epic scene it's
just the Indian Terminator is that what
I'm watching right now he's a bull and
then he just shot himself and now he's
forming again okay what okay everyone
shoot the ball oh okay yeah I think you
guys are gonna beat this guy he solved
the indian Terminator oh god what's he
doing now okay now he's rolling down
flat on the floor to dodge the Rockets
as you do now he's forming a wall and
this wall just slid everyone on everyone
now it's lying down now there's two very
fake helicopters what is this movie and
then he Chuck's him out with it Windhelm
sort of The Scream okay
dodge is the rocket what's this fake
pass helicopter who's made this movie
Chuck helicopter
the helicopter and now he's forming what
is his snake snake now
and now the shape snake is shooting the
gun with its tongue okay you know what
I'm gonna stop watching that okay
Indians all right you don't know how to
make films okay because no one asked for
an Indian Terminator who can just
duplicate himself and then turn into a
snake who bloody wanted that shit oh it
was this oh okay oh okay he's he's is
cars flying and let me guess
he's gonna do it over huh okay well that
was that was I was interesting I don't
know where that was from there's just
some random Indian clip of some guy you
know like jumping over a woman in a car
sure all right what is this from 1995
alright it's been a long time way just
oh oh you just slide down on a horse
okay alright Wow and the horses okay
alright well that was a cool clip I
guess why is this this Indian I'm not
sure I think this is Indian Oh
policeman is he catching bullets oh my
goodness destroy grenade oh I think you
did oh okay what is this movie I'm so
confused
oh okay he's got a gun juice the people
flips the gun oh god what's gonna do oh
okay and then oh alright and now he's uh
you know oh okay now he's robbing his
gun OH
kicks it again and again fix it oh and
okay well thanks for that India okay I
really already appreciated that clip
okay that you made you know I hope you
spend a lot of budget you know doing
that shit on your shitty movie alright
another movie now you've got a guy
the car gets out the car oh oh
epic shot ooh whoa what's going at big
shot lines up the shot
okay well that escalated quickly
okay oh the cars gonna oh how many spins
this car doing all right
oh it's still spinning okay oh okay
still spinning okay
did someone from India you know learn
how physics work because you know I'm
pretty sure that's not how it works
all right another movie now some guy on
a motorcycle Oh crashes okay oh what's
the matter now
all right so what is this a motorcycle
tournament and this woman just simply
just signed to increase the height I
thought there's no way this guy could do
it there's no way you can do it
okay and then just magically you know
connects to his bike yet again all right
I mean I think I have seen people do
that in real life but um yeah it didn't
look real what is this maryada Ramanna
oh okay this guy just missed okay all
right all right this guy's just dancing
and singing while he's just caused a
like a a massive you know collision on
the highway all right this is a movie
the wheels broken I guess or shit the
bloody rails not working what do we do
man guys this planes gonna crash who's
gonna save them that's what I want to
know oh oh
duh is it okay it's actually a dude is
he jumping from building to building
what okay all right so this plane is is
about to crash and the only person I
could save them is this guy running and
jumping from building to building okay I
want to see how this turns out
I mean um I mean you could just you know
get in a helicopter and fly things to it
but now this is gonna be easier words
this kind of budget Indian superhero who
can go super fast
what's he planning on doing oh okay
jumps he's swinging these gonna flake
driving on the wheel come on Indian man
you can do it all right and now he's in
the wheel okay so I'm guessing his plan
is that the wheels broken and he's gonna
try and fix it with his superhuman
strength because he's a superhero or
something look he's just using his
muscles the shit Wow insane india's
action at its finest
all right so he's done the wheel it
gives them a thumbs up the pilots I just
completely okay with it they're just
like yes man you did it won't aren't you
bloody shit all right so this guy's
gonna hold up the wheel for them while
this plane lands is it is he gonna do it
is it going to do it the intent there
Texas I can't handle it Oh Oh what's
crazy strong man
Wow amazing
Wow okay well that was the best movie
clip of ever seen in my entire life
I thought that was that was you know it
won an Oscar I heard wait this is an
Indian but it's from a TV program oh no
oh no this is gonna fall
oh no oh okay what I you just hold your
hand places you work for how did she end
up the situation all right to save Lisa
there you go
all right everyone calm down she didn't
die it's fine they go oh no oh no no she
fell down is that it Wow
okay well I'm guessing your mom died
okay Wow okay that wasn't India no know
how that clip got in there but yeah
Asian TVs very weird okay very very
weird okay guys I'm gonna end the video
here shout out to all my Indian bredrin
watching okay I love you guys so much
alright let me know if you want me to
make a pot - if we reach 30,000 likes I
will make another video based around
India okay I think it's pretty cool that
the whole world's been connected and
there's more Indians on the internet
then than ever
and yeah you know we're just moving on a
society okay hope the Indians you know
didn't get too offended on this video
okay it's not all like this it's just
you know the funny shit that you get in
your country sometimes so much for
watching and I'll see you in the next
video man's letter guys buh-bye
