whoo hello everyone how is everyone
doing it is mesh yourself in today we
are back with me
we're hanging a second you guys heads up
guys I think someone is outside of my
house hello is anyone there is anyone
did you
lactose intolerant granny oh alright
guys so we are back with granny now I
heard that there's been a bunch of
updates all right and I hear that there
is a new ending in order to escape
Granny's house so today we're gonna
escape bloody Granny's house again shut
up you crazy our stinky ass bitch what
happens if I click this bear trap oh so
steady I'm so scared already guys guys
we are back we are back at Granny's
house it is bloody day one at Granny's
house I'm so bloody scared we wake up in
granny's pinky Oz house yet again or
guys I'm so scared okay first thing I'm
gonna do I'm gonna knock off your shitty
lamp damage stupid kid always Betty
breaking my lap oh no cranes coming
run hide hide hide
I'm sorry I'm that granny in a while
guys I'm sorry I have to leave this
house of course I do okay
granny's the sticky ostrich is gonna
kill me
granny's a couple bloody dog a stupid
old granny lying you stinky bitch all
right guys I'm gone pretty good at this
game
oh please I turn around oh we're going
out oh that's great yeah all right it's
already day three and I haven't even
done anything okay I said like I was
trying to say I think I know what to do
to sort of end this game out
oh god that trap oh no I'm not oh bloody
bad I'm little bloody bear what roar Oh
God look at granny she's just bloody
barging through the boxes stupid bitch
oh no don't turn around
oh no don't turn around don't turn
around don't turn around
did you see that police time we
shouldn't see that but you ain't out of
the bed don't bother checking oh okay so
you bloody dropped the bloody trap
what's in the bloody drawers Oh No oh
god do you eyes okay we need that shit
later wait what's this shit God can I
now shoot crash oh my goodness guys
where's the shotgun go I have no idea
what's going on
oh okay so what they added is under the
stairs you can actually go into the
basement even further and look granny
has an old bloody car can you imagine
granny driving around in this car no
okay the shotgun goes here okay guys -
we need two more pieces of the shotgun
and then we can bloody shoot granny we
got here Billy saw know what this is
this for I have no idea guys
so I'm guessing we have to fix this car
and we need an engine park we also need
a car battery and we also need a spark
plug oh my goodness look how much shit
did we need for this bloody car oh and
then we start the car hmm guys we have
to drive the car out of granny's oh oh I
was low noise it was this gasoline are
making a lot of noise put the gasoline
Road up with the gasoline I don't know
okay I'm gonna drop it here okay I might
need that shit for later
Oh allows me a lot of noise oh no oh no
oh no grains coming or I watch me for
Nessa what's moving us go go go
Vaness do you stink yours bitch you
smell you smell granny's stinky what's
in here nothing what's in here also
nothing what's in here it's a painting I
give a shit about that engine park guys
we have the engine part
alright the engine part goes right here
and then wait what what's this red thing
I need smiles I hate this woman
oh no she laughing at me hahaha oh my
god guys look the other part of the
shotguns here oh my goodness guys we're
making so much progress we are so good
at this game now look guys we found the
rich handle all my goodness guys we're
actually doing so so much all right
we're gonna flow through this bloody
video let's use the winch handle on the
well let's see what's under the well
guys come on what is it what is it what
is it what is it it's the hammer okay
well do we need that no idea can I chop
through this window I can oh my god oh
god guys
granny's right there I think grains
broken what's she doing she's just
standing there
okay well that's funny she's gone I got
to be very careful granny this stinky
ass bitch I made up okay she's gone
stairs alright let's use the plank over
in this thing boom boom crazy bitch in
the microwave quick quick quick quick
quick quick look wait what are non
crunching mmm rock wheel that's shit boy
let's use the hammer on the plank
upstairs cuz maybe there's some items
over there too I get out of the ways
dumbass Tommy get out of the way push me
over like that if I take the plank oh no
I think I think she's coming call a
dummy who's my walk away you stinky ass
bitch I hate you you just think you're
swimmin a hater and I take the plank
oh no that's gonna
rip dummy he fell over stinky off-camera
go over I'm gonna gently put the plank
on here place
oh no she definitely heard me oh no yeah
she definitely saw me oh no damn okay oh
I'm on day four oh no guys okay I gotta
concentrate I'll go to concentrate or I
don't want a bloody granny today chop
off my head again wait a second there's
another room now in the game how many
rooms are there this needs a special key
to open oh my goodness guys too much
stuff in this game I swear to God or
let's break these two planks let's see
what's in here quickly
hello mr. Cockrill I know that shit is
fun oh it's granny gonna come old
grannies right there oh oh oh no do you
hear that stupid dumbass crazy-ass
stinky ass woman
alright let's walk across the plug oh
god oh god okay it's fine no no no one's
up here no one's that big please don't
come up here okay we can now break this
camera alright cool and we need some
cutting pliers for this thing don't tell
me she can walk across the plank oh no
which is coming through the other door
god
hey I'm gonna take this cock well we
joint I'm gonna go outside the window
alright jump out or the cold room goes
in the Playhouse but I don't have the
Playhouse key so I'm gonna drop it just
over here oh we got a melon over here
look guys I'm gonna put the lemon the
guillotine quick quick quick quick quick
granny's coming coming Vanessa oh my god
oh my god oh my god grunting nearly got
me guys on my bonus that was so scary
wait this meet there what's me doing
there items my cutting pliers go on the
fan or now we can then grab the safe
room hold I made a low noise fall I'm
scared oh no there she is she's coming
up the stairs now come upstairs you
stinking bitch come on come on come on
Master are you come upstairs all right
now I'm gonna jump down here she's not
even gonna know that I was down here go
go go go go well I'm gonna run straight
to the safe key what's in the safe
well the copy guys we have to cocky now
right the cocky can then walk open up
the boot we excuse me the master key to
the master key do I use this Oh padlock
key well this is the master key then or
no which way she coming which way she
coming go go go go go go go go go well
strike honey you got oh no hi guys we've
got to see what was in this melon let's
see what's in it oh my goodness
oh is it that Playhouse key guys using
the Playhouse on our grinds gonna come
in grinds gonna coming you stupid ass
woman okay oh yeah I telling you you're
right stupid ass woman bye open up the
power Playhouse right place the cogwheel
all right we just need one more cog
wheel alright guys so what's this look
the other part of the shotgun
guys we can now shoot granny oh we have
oh oh shotgun guys we're gonna shoot
granny coming to get you granny
I'm coming to get you
okay I just shot granny in the face all
right how fun is that all right sorry
granny all right but move out the side
all right go take a nap you stinky ass
woman oh I forgot to pull up the
gasoline so let's fill up the car with
gasoline okay and the cost for grinding
oh oh she just vanished
Oh take the shotgun again all right
because I don't trust granny she's gonna
better kill me again old guys we find
the spark plug now oh my goodness guys
we're so close from completing the car
you know my hero guys she must be awoken
from the dead again okay guys now that
I'm here actually someone told me that
there's an Easter Egg where you need to
put the teddy which granny hates you
taking and put it in the crib upstairs
and I don't know what happens but let's
do now grab the teddy grab the teddy oh
no this evil teddy evil teddy
look at the way a stinky ass woman okay
I'm gonna bloody put this teddy back
where it belongs the car batteries there
oh my goodness that's the last thing we
need right all right go go go go go go
so I meant to drop it in here drop I did
it nothing happened Oh
I am the ghost of granny's daughter
thank you who the shit is that woman
okay bloody scary shit man
oh the last one was there or the last
call girl goes here which then opens and
gives us the weapon key oh I don't need
the weapon key cuz I've already got
shotgun guys a hero or I granny's ever
woken from my sleep stinky ass woman oh
I know what to do with this crossbow
actually and why we need their alright
because there's usually an item just
above the stairs
all right look guys there's an item over
that I think it's the screwdriver all
right shoot it guys I got the
screwdriver now take the screwdriver I
know where this goes I know where this
goes the screwdriver goes right here
unscrew this I'm screwed this the
padlock key guys it's what we need to
leave the bloody block key goes right
here boom you can't open it we can now
open the bloody thing on the worst
escape escape escape oh it's it's
concrete how am I gonna escape in this
car then if it's just concrete wall god
damnit wasting my bloody goddamn time
dumbass shit can I avoid this oh no oh
no down the stairs grinding I hate you I
really hate you shit guys it's the last
day I don't want to play this game all
over again guys alright guys you need to
like the video right now alright and if
you don't I won't do it alright so you
have to like the video right now what
I'm gonna do is ship running in a
dumbass head don't I got part of your
shit I'm on now all right let's take
this car battery
alright school we know where this goes
the car battery goes right here and
that's it guys all we need now is the
bloody wrench to put in these screws oh
my word really why you there oh
grimy granny I hate you oh god damn it
guys I told you he sure liked the video
- all you guys I swear to god man
okay back to day one guys I promise you
I'm gonna do it all right I'm gonna
speed run through this thing okay
because granny I ain't scared of you
anymore your stinky ass woman okay all
guys look we found the wrench already oh
my goodness guys were already making
such progress we have the cutting pliers
already oh my word we also have the
winch handle that's good that's good we
need that I'm sure my god in the well we
have the engine part okay we already got
done the last time but we died look guys
we have the special key why was granny
walking so fast I hate this game Oh Oh
all right guys we finally have this
special key what does it do Oh goddess
when entering all my goodness guys what
the shits gonna be up here what the shit
what that okay guys
what does shit is this oh my god guys
look what is that what is that a spider
a plate do you think that's where the
food goes oh come on do I hate you I
hate you I hate you I hate you I hate
you know the last day I'm not even got
anything yet all right well I died again
huh oh don't chop up my head again no
please granny I just want to escape in
the car
okay all right guys I will do it just
just just give me like 10 20 30 on an
hour you know I think the spider can
actually kill me guys I'm actually kind
of scared
hello this probably sucked me off all
right so I'm nearly done you know I'm
just gonna try and find all the items
okay but okay guys because all I'm doing
right now is just running around the
house collecting shit all right guys
let's kill this stupid dumbass spider
once and for all okay oh no oh no what's
that noise oh god what's this the
padlock key oh god Ronnie's coming
granny's coming what do i do what do i
do what do i do stupid old bitch okay
that's right
keep the spider eyes up anyway stinky
Ostrom iPad lock key goes in here we can
then lift this up use the car key on the
car all right
Oh a melon Oh what's up man I'm doing
them back up in granny's car take the
wrench and put in everything here all
right we are so close we are so goddamn
close all we need now is a spark plug
and then I think that's it
all right I bet you two spark plugs in
this melon or and if it is then we are
escaping granny's shitty smelly house
right go go go go go go please please
please be the spot plug be the spot
blood be the spark plug the spark plug
oh my goodness run guys run run run we
escaping Granny's house in a shitty car
go go go go go go go put the spark plug
for the spark plug boom that's it that's
everything where's the cocky look at my
voice I just went crazy yeah like a go
go go go in the car start go reverse
oh okay I'm not gonna Ram it the end
text which is looks great
oh my goodness guys I spent two hours
playing this game again it's someone
knowing all right oh there's always
something small something dumb that
keeps you from escaping Granny's house
but yeah okay that was me playing granny
all right leave a like alright because I
spent two hours trying to play it and
trying to beat it just for the stupid
dumbass video but yeah anyway guys thank
you so much for watching or I'm never
going returning to shitty Granny's house
again alright alright I've made two
videos before on this shit alright go
watch them if you haven't already all
right I'm gonna go alright see you later
guys bye bye granny bitch
Oh
