welcome to my encampment nice and
healthy Christ no nut so you're going to
be needing something like a spear okay
our first problem is your knifes
upside-down satanic over half gave me
the hard part I softened up the diamond
for you you just took all the glory for
yourself
Brandon I think I've got to give that to
you because with the power you put
behind there yeah who ever got any
lightning we haven't got volcano so at
the end of your fingers I'm going to
need to get fire oh my god yes are you
read on the winner of the second
challenge
so guys we're now starting on challenge
number three the boat yeah it is all a
long time a Stone Age man to find it but
when he did boy did he move forward with
it
primal hunt until the boat this is a
thing that mankind really went ahead
with when they found out how to do it
imagine before that throwing stones they
don't go so far yeah
and orders of spiff not really all this
is gonna take it three times four times
the distance imagine how that that is up
to your hunting skills that I so first
first of all let's give you yet again
another flint tool okay and then you're
both stave which has been cut fresh from
a suppose thing Issus this one either
there is a bow in here yeah you want it
to bend don't you yeah and the right way
to do this is to take the wood out from
one side only so in this frame that
we've created you pop that in there
right you can come to here and lean on
it past me at all I don't want to take
the pleasure away
this is your job you're going to make a
really good boat hopefully and if you
find that that tool is too troublesome
yeah hold on to that
you'll also have some of these this is
your Stone Age spokeshave and it's that
Ridge that you'll be putting to work oh
yeah that's not easier that's the easy
option right easy way out
well you got trying both out so you
really get to know that's good yeah here
we go
let's do it that's how cheesy of just
using the food I think you want to turn
that you see this Ridge on the back
there try using that see if it works for
my sister scheme the whole thing just
take it on one side okay from the end
right up to the handle ah there we go
make it is tough so how did you think
they invented the bow they found it
they found it yeah they thought they
found a stick then looks like a bow and
and then they were like okay we need to
recreate this and then that's how they
did it
okay I'm pretty sure I read that's a
pass oh yeah but you don't know that
only amazing
okay guys we're gonna use these and
gotta get right down to the middle of
this wood yeah okay you can imagine
that's a lot of work oh yeah all right
go ahead sir just remember this is the
final challenge now oh yeah so can't be
losing your energy of this stage let's
try Ashley Jalen kick in got nothing
I've got nothing left I know where
housing on a conference and Brad to be
on so I reckon you should already
storing it up so it's just gonna come
out no way yes completely I don't need
energy to it it's chocolate
Rita I'm now we've pretty much done it
now Brad like us that's looking really
good now so you saw your hard work
spinal yeah oh yeah have you checked it
anytime see if it actually bending it oh
yeah it's a good point actually
as face amended well I dunno just go
just hold it up by the handle
oh yeah something's happening there and
then check the other end as well then
you can work out oh yeah getting a bit
of a weak spot down at bottom there so
don't take any more of that okay you can
imagine you've got to have a string it's
need something to sit in okay so what
we'd do this is an area where you can
quite easily cut yourself so your hands
need to be nice and close together and
what we do is gently start cutting into
this end and taking out a little waist
so that that string can drop in there
that's not really working now okay so if
you remember what I did is I just had to
tip it out sticking out there so can you
put the bow like that for yourself right
now when your hand comes across here
you'll be able to cut more okay
are you getting down low I can't do it
strength Brandon you said that all day
long I can't do it and let's measure
strength all this stuff you'd come
through
sorry I'm not a caveman you're not
leading them into the fall since to
security put in before you I meant to
tell you no I don't want to do have you
got any success or what a good little
boost of cheer jeez but I'll give you
both a string okay Papa take the knife
off you
so with that big loop put it over the
top of the bow so it travels down the
limb right and then if you have a look
at the other end of this you've got a
sliding Slipknot open it up to make it
big enough to go over there then close
it over back on to the shoulders that
you've kind make life easy for yourself
turn it over so that end touches around
don't buy enough I don't open up okay
it's a snare essentially all right yeah
and then turn that bow real so it comes
out with the right side of that that's
good if I was you what I do is I put the
base of your bow
see ya hook hold it in the middle put
your fingers and thumbs there oh yeah
bow and pull it towards yourself okay
okay this is called the back of the boat
right you want the back of the boat
Brendan what are you doing I didn't tell
you that usually foot on it
what then you've got it back to front
wait what you broke your bow may have
i9i at is it broken like it still you
seem to run quite even you cannot use it
now though you've ruined it you are
cracked all the fibers Oh Edie you know
what that really hasn't done your favour
in the end of the Spirit
oh no right could you bend it in one eye
I can either sleep let's have a look and
I'll still work right
I'll just give it to you oh no that's
fine
you break him out while it's still why
so you're gonna have to borrow his oh
that well that's not boding well for the
end of the final challenge is our idiot
yes well tell you what just to keep them
in a fighting chance because otherwise
never are you again or even end the
challenge right
I shall string this one right guys are
you ready for the grand finale of
challenge 3 yes I'm here
well let me introduce you to your arrow
that you're going to be firing this is
no ordinary arrow again it's got a flint
tip but for extra damage we've got these
little inserts in here oh yeah and that
was a trick that they learn in a
Mesolithic see your target didn't run
away too far an error like that was
really made for bringing down your
target so guys the completion of this
challenge is about the person who gets
their arrow nearest to the center of
that target you've got three errors to
see what you can do so I wish you luck
firstly I'll show you how to use the bow
properly how to stand and how correctly
to actually grab the arrow between the
fingers and balance it okay okay
lay it over an angle like that so you
can rest the arrow on it
don't sorry why are you doing it like
that oh I thought as opposed to no like
that look
alright well I'm doing it red
just hold the bow from the top and ah
well no no your arrow needs to lay on
top it about your arrows underneath
about oh wait I can fix it
target's running away he ain't going
nowhere
right that puts you in a place where you
can just plug an arrow in look oh yeah
like that okay good
they're free fingers with the top two
fingers you can pinch around the arrow
that's as much as you need to do right
now until it's your go so what want you
to do to take the arrow out and load it
onto the front of the bow which is where
it would live if you were actually out
there hunting ah it's much quicker than
trying to get it over quick so we're
going for a shot then you yes show us
how it's done
Wow
nice I picked him to the ground for you
all right so you put your arrows where
they're gonna count
who's going first oh no oh God
your hand up near to the center of the
handle so it bit more fit more bit more
bring that back down right now that's
looking good so take your time look down
through there and go and pull it back
but no the more lovely you can take your
shot when you're ready wait what oh my
god
fire it then are you waiting for it's
running away
are we having a meltdown here yeah are
you trying to make a wonky look think of
it that being an angle for corner we
want to let go it doesn't do anything
and let's face it no three fingers and
just let your fingers go off the string
and the air not all that much the finger
tips tips with your fingers
come on you can do this you've got where
you've come so far today all you have to
do it let glad go wow that was a really
good a tavern that was going in the
right direction
yes I'm not entirely disgusted with her
disgusted oh come on Brendan I'm I don't
think every we're gonna get as good as
that to be honest okay so tell you what
though take the air away hold them but
bow in the middle love like that
however yeah you haven't got much of an
indent in the back of the arrow right Oh
silver bit okay like this when you're
ready ah ah oh just a bit often right
house okay so you've both finished a
fire and error one we haven't got a ver
of you on the target yet Oh No yeah so I
guess we need to look forward to them
mixed to arrows you need that target
down it's dead
so come on the other arrow where it
counts and I'll let go it doesn't fly
you're just gonna let go
yeah I do but doesn't do anything look
wait it's not the arrow just like just
release no as it was oh my goodness
get it back ready look back back back
back
that'll do nice oh ah that was close
I think it's that bow I think it's the
bow yeah yeah gaming there was good a
very happy but this is the one that you
stood on right phone's class though guys
just come right down to this point now
the law into that final arrow I really
think this one needs to get home don't
you yeah let's just try try hit
something don't mess it up no around let
you down
alright so no I will not let you down no
pressure whatsoever get that arrow
either Douglas our I'll win so no
pressure no pressure
whoa got the tongue you know yeah run it
sit down
nice you're under a lot of pressure yeah
I have to get it right between his eyes
oh man it's kinda hoping you'd miss okay
here we go good luck good luck and right
back up to this
ready oh that means you're walking home
and you ever earned the right to have
something to eat
sure out so what am I supposed to do for
food we don't care I know a few things
about why if I was to take any weapon
back to the first or gage I'm allowed to
choose gun no I'd say out of the weapons
we had today I would say I think a spear
because I'm actually usage for Bernero I
think the coolest thing about today was
definitely the fire making like when you
think make a fire in the wilderness it
when the wilderness you think it would
be really easy but it's actually like
really really hard to get everything
together find the right resources but
yeah I think that's definitely the
coolest after today the experience we
had it'd be really cool to see how far
cry primal put salt portray that the
crafting stuff like that the crating of
the weapons I think and I'll be really
excited to see if I want to use a bow
now in the game I have to press
literally two buttons so I think I'll
stick to my gamepad realized you're
writing good yeah I am very tired
survived we survived like the important
thing so do you have a greater respect
feel for what prehistoric man had to do
to survive
oh yeah like I did how have we survived
for this long like I I respect them for
enabling me to play games all day yes
thank you for this great future that
you'd be ever making so Brett how do you
think Brendan did well he could have hit
something yeah good he nearly started
fire but he can't catch any food I mean
I mean I I didn't really do too bad but
you didn't really do much different
compared to me huge my next question how
do you think Brad did I mean we bet we
pretty much do the same thing okay your
fire happened to start a lot quicker
than mine all right
we were given me like lipstick two
minutes I would have done it yeah by one
all right and your arrow is just barely
hit that the big at the best spears okay
mine barely hit it but I still want that
okay you're pretty much the same thing
it's okay he's a so guys would you want
to be in the same tribe together I think
I'd be a lone wolf oh no I would not be
in the same time I would be I would
being like the wenzer and like Brad
would just be by himself
to realize whatever happened he would
get your butt whipped and orange I would
be I'd be the cook all right because
this meat is clearly good to perfection
so I would be I wouldn't be in the back
somewhere I'll be a housewife it's a
shame you look tasting to me you know
you haven't won the privilege no sad
isn't it
well guys who's been interested in
having you along today but you know what
I was quite surprised to see that power
come out of the shoulder you obviously
like throwing spears about and fire
lighting bread that was a surprise that
was really a surprise - yeah if I were
you I would put you both in the same
tribe and wish for the best you've got
something between each other that you
could work on no that's nice
thanks for everything you've had a lot
of fun thanks it was a pleasure
back to the skills I'll go use them now
listen who do Beth why I don't think
they're gonna survive out there
you
