oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
it is measure selfie and today lace
gentleman I have such a super duper
exciting video to share with you guys so
i'ma tell you guys a little bit of a
story the guys over at Far Cry primal
approached me like I would say like a
month ago and they said Brandon we want
to create a special Far Cry primal video
involving you so we were brainstorming
some ideas and we came up with a sort of
like trial challenge sort of video where
we had to learn how to survive in the
bloody forest so they got me and my good
friend the gaming them and if you guys
don't know him and they put us against
each other to sort of see who couldn't
survive best out in the forest now I
don't wanna spoil too much for you guys
but yeah it looks so good alone
so excited for you guys to see so enjoy
the video leave a goddamn like if you
guys are excited okay and yeah I really
like to know what you guys think I think
it came out really really cool okay so
yeah enjoy this video baby
ever since I was a boy I have always had
a fascination and an affinity with the
prehistoric era I've made it my mission
over the last 40 years to find out what
it would have taken to live and survive
in the wild ten thousand years ago
hello guys hi elder living in the Stone
Age would have been a dangerous
existence I'm going to give you the
skills and the knowledge so that you
would stand a fighting chance if you
were going to be taken on a wooly
mammoth or living in a harsh landscape
so that sound all right fantastic let's
begin well require extreme fire and the
creation of the boat and the creation of
the spear itself these are the things
that you're really going to be needing
so I think if I bite you in then we'll
get started right guys
you haven't got claws and you haven't
got bangs so you're going to be needing
something like a spear that's an example
of what you're going to be making and
luckily for you I've been out and done a
little foraging so it slaughtered your
spirit really and thanks this is a flint
spear head and it's bound in and glued
on so the first thing you need to do is
you need to sharpen the ends of them
sticks up and then we're going to
separate the fibers so we can get the
actual blade and Flint into it there you
go
one Flint knife set into a deer antler
handle oh my god brilliant set to work
and show us what you can do
alright let's do it okay first problem
is your knifes upside down two turns
over yeah flat sides down and the second
problem is is just expect to front how
do you know it's eyes the right way
heavy end at the front of one's going to
turn around and my stick is thin acaba
yeah
visualize you've got the fat end at the
end like I do right yeah that's good the
system is that way now like the blade
won't touch it so if you turn it over
your blade is going to reach much easier
it should work nicely alright should we
start wiggling then I think so yeah okay
so is there like a certain amount of
size what if I don't really big we'll
start from here about five inches down
five inches and they shave it to a point
okay when is this first time use Flint I
mean oh if it wasn't for today well then
one pill this is progress
I am pretty likely to show you by
example yeah sure oh yes it's already a
disaster no not at all come on guys
but I think I've got the energy to do
this ah yeah look how much you're doing
it how how much that's no different to
peeling the potato well it's pretty much
the same thing isn't it you never
sharpened to stick I have to pay I never
needed was a splint
let's Flint here how'd you get so shark
I swear breaks oh it's a hundred million
year old sea sponge mate no way yep no
it's not 100 million yeah how'd you know
sometimes when you break it open you get
a sea urchin in the middle okay now
you're just messing with me no you left
the gun I can't believe everything you
left to go on the computer and get
behind some goofy how long's this
usually take for you and that would have
been done by now
I've heard even done by no way you know
going back to the claw and the fangs you
swapped that thumb for the floor and the
same thing didn't fit in I am your work
what have you been doing all this time
you would die by now got a byline longer
this is good enough though right let's
cook on something if I hit a higher than
so guys guess what you're going to be
making your spear heads with deer
antlers deer and beach pebbles okay
right where did we get on canvas the
forest poor dear so going to take you to
my favorite place now the ground oh
we're gonna die
this is my least favorite place ah you
guys are a bit soft to think I'm gonna
put some glasses on you if you think
yeah
do yourself a favor popular month we
found this in the forest is wounding me
no we got this this morning alright calm
down
it don't seem like a good place to hit
it but Brendan look and see you really
haven't got a clue what to do here so
let me show you again I'll have to break
in strong in these guys okay that's it
and now we're moving into it you see I
can't do the whole thing see a gun of
sharp-edged under yes of course I won't
force it sort of like this this is my
set of passionate eyes is a stone right
and you've got braveman stone no stone
so you can't just off yet patella ready
yeah cool hahaha I do harder than that
already and I'm gonna come oh whoa Hey
look it up if you haven't made a
spearhead you made narrowed alright
gave me the hard part I softened up the
done for you what you just took all the
glory for yourself I know some pretty
seriously skilled guys and they even
find this difficult so I think that it's
going to be a fairly good plan if I lend
you a couple of spear heads oh okay
I have already pretty nice toss that
earlier okay yeah it was just women here
bashing rocks for about ten minutes
you've already got that bad
so guys hey finding it so far yeah it's
pretty good I think I'm finding myself
yeah yeah the sprouting into nature this
might change your life
yeah you know a big fan of the flint
knapping the a big fan of bashing the
rocks I thought that was just a joke now
that takes time you're rightly passing
rocks
why don't you think I called it a Stone
Age oh so here you go guys this one for
you got some sharp and pointed same like
white
guys I think you've done a pretty good
job here to end this first challenge I
think what we need to do is go and see
how well a fly is we're throwing these
yeah okay each other
okay guys right here's our target and
basically I'll show you give you a
little demonstration of what I want you
to do
that's what we're looking for guys who's
first up I'll go random
okay ready
no that would have actually pierced it
if it was a bit lower
good job Brandon does a good job okay
okay Brenda sue yeah - what you got
guard Brad what okay take your time when
you're ready yeah
I was okay that wasn't too bad you
reached a target
well guys you both forgot your Spears
down there Brandon I think I've got to
give that to you because with that power
you put behind it yeah cuz it the like
saber-toothed tiger would be running
away at at this point you know so like I
would my one would have got anything
it's gonna run in one direction good
yeah yeah I mean you're probably that
one yeah
you want a gate with Dovie would've
taken down maybe give it a cut well
let's move on to challenge two on my
yoga I think to live in the sort of
prehistoric era the hardest thing would
be so the time to sort of create the
tools that you need great sort of
shelter that sort of things very very
time-consuming everything
hi guys you're looking quite cozy here
yes that's a second challenge what's
that well welcome to my world of things
don't just happen you physically have to
make them happen so we haven't got any
lightning we haven't got a volcano so at
the end of your fingers I'm gonna need
to get fire okay well you might want to
sit on the other side of the fire yep
I'm fine
so in there you're going to have a stick
and a boat like this like that what
you're going to do is once you've chosen
which end you're going to be drilling
down with pop that forward so it hangs
on the bow like so
okay we'll also take a piece of bulk
from the silver Birchtree and we'll pop
that underneath the board like so
because this is where your embers going
to collect oh okay will this create a
spark oh we can see the smoke going a
little bit smoke on there what we need
to do is push down hard enough so the
ember drops down and all the dust drops
down into that gap okay guys this is
what we've been trying to construct and
by leaving it for a few seconds it's
under itself together a little yeah so
we drop them onto there and even at this
point you can lose things you know you
can flick it out of your hands
accidentally so what we're doing is
we're snuggling that all up in there
nicely
wow it's going crazy so much more ease
that's pretty much it that you've pretty
much done it
whoa that's so crazy
quickly my data
thing got an ember you got Ember well no
way wait if you've got an ember that's
really great how did you do I bet you
feel like you need a break after that
baby this is so tiring so let's go for
up I'll check you out you have got an
ember right so let's make a little safe
nest for this and we'll pop that over
into there look wrap that down and I
want you to put your hands around that
gently wrap it up like bird's nest and
then you're going to blow in that little
hole gently good deeds only whole body
so that the smoke is blown away from you
it's going right in your eyes look so
funny yeah it's coming in your direction
unlike words that he's evolved
oh my god this is gonna be the
difference are we now we're low high
there we go it's not worth it I'm very
rather be cold and that's it you've done
it I know I lost three eyelashes in the
process I think you did really well yeah
so you red are the winner of the second
challenge T's will run to you
I'm definitely better equipped than I
was before today to survive in the
prehistoric era because when I came
today I allowed to eat no clue what I
was doing but at least now I somewhat
know how to create a spear and somewhat
a fire you pair have done really well
today you've mastered the spear yep
and thrown it hit em and strutted your
prowess I attempted yeah what's more you
made fire let's out stand it you
discovered fire well now we're moving on
to challenge great we're going forward
for the ultimate weapon the bow and
arrow
