on the road again that I've done I've
done
so beautiful oh hello everyone how is
everyone doing it is mesh yourself air
and today ladies gentlemen we are
playing Red Dead Redemption oh yeah we
are back with John Marston the cowboy
from Texas Texas cowboy look a John
Martin I so badass
seriously Jim we are playing Red Dead
Redemption man this game was an instant
classic okay I would love a remaster of
this game okay this was like one of the
best games by Rockstar okay so um yeah
what we're gonna do today is we're gonna
mess around puppy can I can I can i
cuddle you bad don't go go shoot me now
think of the comment section Brandon go
do it say honey I didn't kill him all
right I have a bounty of me for $5.00
listens dude what is that like a
coca-cola I'll play my bounty just don't
kill me please oh shit oh okay well that
was that really necessary sir how the
hell do i clear my bounty I have not
played this game a long time okay I got
to go here oh shit no no I'm good I'm
gonna kill in my bounty please now I'm
literally running to claim my bounty
okay can you guys stop shooting at me
while I'm trying to clearly clear my
bounty hello guys john marston here the
guy who shot the dog no I come to claim
a bounty please
okay I understand what just happened I
think I'm okay now I move out the way
you play shit okay so we cleared our
bounty anyway what was I saying
so yes we are back with Red Dead
Redemption man this game actually looks
really shit I just remembered I remember
it as looking amazing but it's on the
ps3 I'm playing as the ps3 okay they
need to remaster this shit or look
another dog and er why do you just learn
chicken
okay don't you guys you're a chicken
alright there's a bounty on me for this
get away from me Brandon okay I know you
were crazy mad man you all better pop
will actually get told off if I kill
someone else's chicken is that is that
like route considered rude oh I guess
not oh no sir
oh okay he's like you kill my chicken
what if I steal someone's horse oh they
seem to be okay with it Jesus Christ
what am I doing this poor town don't
even know where I am but I'm stealing
horses killing chickens I'll shit doggy
watch I oh okay we'll just bounce off
it's fun oh I have a bounty now again ah
piss off no I'm sorry I'm sorry I choked
on it
hello sir Deon three dollars mmm three
dollars I can now buy me a chocolate bar
now if you guys have never played Red
Dead Redemption before the main way to
get a round how is on your little horsey
and my horsey leizerman
it's called and here door and hurdle I
summon you
and hello hey you I've had on oh oh oh
look at him he's just so cute okay it's
not as big and as fast as the other
horses okay but L held oh I love you
okay
me and mr. and mrs. Joe
on the road again doing them they order
their hotel I just got where to get on
the load again hello we gonna have a
showdown what you want a jewel
oh yeah if you can't do the time don't
do the crime in that rat boy howdy howdy
okay I don't know what's the point in
this guy he was just like hey you want
to play a game where we shoot each other
where one of us dies
yeah sure I'll do that oh hello sir nice
County got there can i play with your
cows can I suck on the cows did these
okay it's not dirty because they give
milk if you want some Oh giddyup
aah oh shit this is not gonna end well
is it and oh oh it's ok nothing happened
go oh oh shit oh no I don't have fights
up please this really is like a GTI ha
ha oh my goods that cars gonna kill me
oh shit I'm gonna I'm gonna bat I'm in a
bad state not some cow okay actually
can't charge me I didn't know that okay
okay okay all right I'm going alright I
won't kill inion view I swear what if I
tomahawk him okay I vote no Brandon okay
Jesus Christ alright this bull thinks
he's the bloody top cow's knee Gow sorry
Oh cow that's why you better walk away
pussy and if you were smart now you
could head out my farm okay this is my
area uh cow cow I'm never going to get
all of that bored of that shit is he
coming again oh shit is that cow angry
too auction
yeah bitch yeah now is the Big Daddy up
always isn't like that doesn't like that
one but oh oh shit here we go oh I got a
survivor right is fine
cows awesome oh shit
that's what I'll cover yes right I used
to be gal that's man 1 and cows ero
alright now this is the map of Red Dead
Redemption ok now it's pretty massive
alright remember this game was on last
gen I rockstar I don't bloody magicians
alright I'm cramming this much into a
bloody game on the last gen ok so where
I want to go now ladies gentlemen is I
want to go all the way down here to
black water alright leizerman
no wait no I don't know where what a
goal a gentlemen is a place called
thieves Landing now there's a reason why
I want to go to these landing and that
is to play five finger friendly All
Right see you later cows all right it
was nice playing with you oh okay why
you want to play some more I'm not in
the mood okay all right that's just
great thank you very much okeydoke
come-come L Hedo we've got a long ride
at night for us oh hello little lady hey
lady you want to come to a thief
learning loss uh no well you're coming
anyway so uh all right let's go on the
road again Dada
lock the doors is planet john marston
dragon bitches through the bloody town
oh I'll let it go
alright oh I died oh what's this guy
doing oh my god sir screwed us what are
you doing it's better taking a wedding
ring off he's biting off a finger just
kicked off no no yes right get out here
alright I know you're a bloody war
criminal look you're a criminal you are
if you can't do the time don't do the
crime sir alright leizerman
please John Marcin don't drop me here
please John please I'm just trying to
make living over here oh it's hard in
the West John John please sorry sir okay
you're gonna die all right just just
just wait for my train Oh hear that
sounds like a train you did
crime and you're going to play by that
alright so I'll see you later
take this guy ah oh my god ha ha ha jeez
in no way ok let's get the hell out of
me oh shit I skip my lammie oh my god
ok don't miss it wait where's the Cougar
I don't wanna miss it though oh shit ha
ha ha it's an Karma for goodness sake of
a goodness sake I'm fucking stupid ranch
I just want to get to thebes Landing god
damn it shut up you bloody gate oh no I
didn't mean that oh yeah I forgot he's
meant to hold down taxis in in this game
ah shit
a question mark oh for goodness sake
these landings right over there though
ok let's quickly check it out hello sir
you oh bloody another Widow stealing
from corpses what you searching for a
partner we should've won been gathering
some flowers for my wife she's waiting
for me back in the cabin that's bloody
gay
you
she's getting on years yeah yeah hard
yeah well what you want me to find
flowers for you are you being serious of
old man why do I feel bad why I feel bad
about killing these people okay I kill
people the time in gta5 but in read down
I feel sorry for him okay Gus this game
shut up and hey door okay we need you
there bunny bunny bunny shut up bunny
and here we are
le dog leaves landing where the thieves
land wait what was that noise
oh she she's been kidnapped I'm not
gonna lie she taking being kicked out
pretty well look at her hey John Martin
hey doing alright just kidnapping this
little lady over here yeah dude you're
not making it really hard for me to
catch you
listen dude come back it and yeah it was
a bad idea don't worry little later I'm
gonna cut you free there we go little
lady y'all go oh all right dude all
right yeah you sit the Oreo with your
sucking your dick is now I'm doing the
bloody kidnapping that's right I'll tie
this bloody bitch all right now I'm
kidnapping now now I believe I have a
house in thieves landing all right so
I'm gonna go and have a little bit of a
sleep I okay catch up with little old
lady over in Iraq all right I'm gonna
put you down all right I'll see you in
the morning
was shining
John Marcin hair in thieves landing all
right time to play five finger Philip oh
yeah oh shit what's going ahead
um Jesus Christ the people that lived in
the world while we're still countdown
savage how the Pardoner pretty fast for
the plane am i fast with a blade I like
to think I am pardon
okay now I don't like to brag or
anything lays German but I'm pretty good
at five finger fitted okay lady I'm i'ma
show you how it's done
maybe we will first start off with
something small like five dollars okay
here we go X circle okay all right now
I'm not speeding this up or anything
it's just how I roll all right ladies
German I'm pretty good at fasting to fit
all right ex circlex circlex circlex
circlex circlex circle yeah DCO come do
Joe X circle again
bloody shut up not yet ah yeah that's me
win little will you see a man I'm good
with my hands my wife seems to think so
I'm now going to bed ten dollars um and
okay here we go now X circle triangle
okay you can see me
oh you think that's fast you think
that's fast partner I can show you up
that's how you doing John motion-based
Louis Craig okay Fivefinger filling
master of blame down it now you see boy
all right I think I can beat you but
you're gonna have to bet more than ten
dollars well I'm going to bet Lana come
on sir
oh shit they bought the bloody square in
oh oh oh oh oh I felt impressed no no I
want to impress it's not come back no I
could do it all right ladies Gemini
didn't have to do this but I'm gonna
have to bring out try-hard bread
yeah
$25 dog ring Oh
the next layer one harder Dallas baby a
small loan of $100 which is like a
million in in these days trust me all
right you ready for this baby are you
ready for this come on boy that's what
I'm talking about the popping of filling
master baby wah wah
now trust me ladies I can do a lot with
these fingers if you know what I mean I
told you I was the fire feeling finger
finger me a fillip master the fire
Philip finger master ok ladies gentlemen
hey there sir did you see me in a fire
Phillip competition I'll shit oh yeah I
forgot you died Isuzu types water in
this game these land is saloon alright
ladies gentlemen I think with my $100
earnings I think I deserve a nice drink
barkeep I'll like a strongest whiskey
please
bar key uh is there no one gonna serve
me I want my goddamn whiskey where's my
whiskey at come on man
there you are sir I mean Wayne oh yeah
come on man alright despair be some good
whiskey leisure huh all right
I think wet myself or anything I'll have
another trick why not I've earned it
having that after a hard day's work at
the Fivefinger fitted oh yeah oh yeah
that that drink was uh so strong um sure
keep him coming I'm sure I can handle
another
oh shit I'm drunk
I'm drugged
John you is drugged man oh shit Oh John
John ho steady now John John oh shit ha
ha ha oh shit
well we've all been here leizerman John
John oh well
charge us just go home John we need to
make a larger John aah John is the most
accurate representation of being drunk
ever John are you yeah are you gonna get
up John
I can't find them okay that was not bad
what's this the Dixie rose is this what
I think it is is this where I cannot get
my goddamn will it wet I don't know lady
you you might have ice if you want to
sit on my knee
oh wait shut up you're ugly I want this
whole have a good night ma'am
is this a bloody Dipti house or not huh
no one wants that no it's offering me
shit oh shit hello uh sir Oh Marge I'm
you don't I'm great Charles baby singing
that piano I shut up hahahahaha oh shit
oh okay oh my god okay oh shit Oh what
have I done now
oh my god what am i dying shit just loot
the place bloody well loot it I don't
give a shit just need to get the hell
out of it shit shit's bad is bad haha
just buster no John what are you doing
hello sir what was that oh my god just
just dies bloody glitching twat oh shit
okay I died okay lady Sherman I think
I'm gonna end the video here this has
been Red Dead Redemption man I love this
game just III really didn't like have
any plans for this today's video but I
had like loads of fun just messing
around so if you guys want me to play
more Red Dead Redemption leave I got I'm
like I'm thinking I might do I might
like make a couple more videos on this
so if we reach 10,000 likes on this
video I'm gonna start working on another
Red Dead Redemption video you know even
though this games old and it's still I'm
playing some my ps3 at the moment even
though is old and it's last gen I still
think it's really fun
all right ladies Yemen so yeah I'm gonna
end the video thank you guys so much for
the support and watching this video to
this far I love you guys the ones who
watch all the way to the end and I'll
see you in the goddamn next video man
see later guys love you ba back alright
so silly wow that's man 1 and cow 0
uhh
