oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
it is Marcel fair and today Latian we
are back yet again with the Stanley
parable baby and sorry this took me like
a week and a bit to make I've been done
a lot of like travelling and stuff
I've been busy okay ladies gentlemen but
I think now I am free to make videos
okay so sorry there's been not many
videos all right later Minh so what's
the first episode of this if you haven't
already okay it's been a load of fun now
in this episode I want to do everything
opposite what he says okay like I said
there's like a shit ton of endings okay
I can't keep track of this shit when
Stanley came to a set of two open doors
he entered the door on his left did I
did I young man okay okay I'm gonna go
right this time oh this was not the
correct way to the meeting room and
standing you it perfectly well Oh
perhaps he wanted to stop by the
employee lounge first just to admire it
oh yeah sure I asked what I wanted to do
hello yeah yes truly a room worth
admiring oh it had really been worth the
detour after all just to spend a few
moments here in this immaculate
beautifully constructed room well it is
a naturally simply stood here drinking
it all in yes oh look at this bloody
leaf oh I love the leaf oh look how wet
the leap is oh I like it yeah um really
really worth it being here in the room
room so utterly captivating that even
though all your co-workers have
mysteriously vanished here you said
looking at these chairs and some
paintings really worth it at this point
Stan his obsession with this room bought
it on creepy and reflected poorly on his
overall personality Hey it's possible
that this is why everyone left
that's not nice mister man it's a nice
room
Stanley sat around waiting for more
dialogue he had a long time had passed
and there was no more undecided that the
game was trying to send him a message
shut up stop reading my mind okay I get
it there's no more dialog but at last
he'd had enough of the amazing room it
took the first open door on his left to
get back to business
Oh take that first open door my left
do I want to go in that I said I was
gonna do the opposite everything he says
oh there's so many endings I don't know
let's
this is not do it okay screw you Stanley
was so bad at following directions it's
incredible he wasn't fine years ago shut
up do not jump from the cargo lift
Wallace isn't it is emotion will cause
death um uh will it but his eagerness to
prove that he is in control of the story
my blog one gets to tell him what to do
Stanley live from the platform and
plunged to his death
Oh shouts our job Stanley everyone
thinks you are very powerful ha ha ha oh
no you're kidding me right
Oh shitty or my didi okay so I'm a meant
to go on this platform look Stanley I
think perhaps we've gotten off on the
wrong foot here oh that's not your enemy
really uh normal I realize that invested
in your trust in someone else can be
difficult yesh fact is that the story
has been about nothing but you all this
time
ah cousin you've been neglecting Stanley
ah someone you've forgotten about oh
please stop trying to make every
decision by yourself now I'm not asking
for me I'm asking for ah what are you
trying to say I have a deep Diigo
resident standing your chance to redeem
yourself to put your work aside to let
her back into your life it is she's been
waiting she's been wife up Oh Stacey
what sorry Stacy oh I'm sorry I
shouldn't listen to this narrator but
that's her standing you need to be the
one to do this to reach out to her if
you can truly place your faith in
another Oh then pick up the phone I'm
sorry I did a click after you stick see
sexy I'm sorry I'll sleep with your
sister Stacey what didn't mean it oh my
god
4:00 to 7:00 watch me is that you hold
on sweetie sorry to keep you waiting I'm
just pulling the bread out of the oven
does it oh right
okay there we go yeah all right now I
want you to come in and tell me all
about your doing
what come on
did you actually think you had a loving
wife yes you want to commit their life
to God never lie make a point here
Stanley I'm trying to get you to see
something go outside let me show you
what's really going on here whoa oh come
on I didn't have a girlfriend sorry but
you're in my story now whoa ha ha ha
big decision okay okay I'm scared okay
just choose just already says for the
love of God okay um um wife ooh I could
get used to this
mrs. as very sad story about the death
of a man named Stanley what Oh press a
on your keyboard oh shit listen Stacey I
know we got off to the wrong foot okay
but don't make me do this okay okay I'm
gonna press it
Stanley is quite a boring fellow oh he
has a job that demands nothing of him
and every button that he pushes is a
reminder of the inconsequential nature
of his existence mean press six oh come
on I'm doing Stanley's job now aren't I
look at him there we go pushing buttons
doing exactly what he's told to do oh
now he's pushing a button now he's
eating lunch now he's going home no he's
coming back to work by 7:00 to watch TV
and so he began to fantasize about his
own job
what first he imagined that one day
while at work he stepped up from his
desk to realize that all of his
co-workers his boss everyone in the
building had suddenly vanished off the
face of the earth where you try said
surgery excited him terribly
okay and it wanted through this fantasy
world he began to fill it with many
possible paths and destination oh and he
called it the Stanley parable oh my god
it was such a wonderful fantasy and so
in his head he relived it again and then
again and again
over and over wishing beyond hope that
it would never end that he might always
feel this free Whirley there's an answer
down some new path
Muhsin epi perhaps if he played just one
more time
I'm scared tell my wife I love her I
love you mrs. metal titties
but there is no answer how could there
possibly be in reality all he's doing is
pushing the same buttons he always has
nothing has changed the longer he spends
here the more invested he gets the more
he forgets which life is the real one oh
my god
press P to go to sleep I don't think I
want to be and I'm trying to tell him
this that in this world he can never be
anything but an observer that as long as
he remains here he's slowly killing
himself but he won't listen to me
oh no I'll stop oh no watch this Stanley
the next time the screen asks you to
push a button do not do it um I don't
know my mind is nothing gonna happen
okay I think I have to press it okay
I'll press it you see huh can he just
not hear me how can I tell him in a way
that he'll understand that every second
he remains here
he's electing to kill himself oh no how
can I get him to see what I see how can
I make him look at himself Oh
present a question nothing I want to
question everything though everything so
much my brain was opposed I can't not in
the way I want him to but I don't make
the rules
I simply play to my intended purpose the
same as Stanley we're not so different I
suppose I'll try once more to convey all
this to him I'm compelled to I must
watch perhaps well maybe this time
you'll see maybe this time whoa and I
tried again and stand-in pushed a button
and I tried again and Stanley pushed a
button and I
I know
oh we're back in oh Jesus Christ mother
this game oh man I got time for this
shit now that I think about it actually
there was some endings that I didn't do
when I worked on the left should I do
that okay let's go on the left all right
now we're going back to last episode be
sure to watch last episode otherwise you
won't understand anything okay you
probably won't understand anything
anyway sternly walk straight ahead
through the large door that read mind
control facility Oh shitty okay okay
this is where we left off last episode
okay the first episode where we saw
Scott Bay okay so uh I guess we're gonna
escape this time oh shit
hello this passageway had the word
escape written on it uh uh truth was
that at the end of this hall Stanley
would meet his violent death oh no no
one want to die oh um um should I keep
going I guess I am going if the door
behind him was not shut ah
Stanley still had every opportunity to
turn around and get back on track I said
stop messing with my brain design it
Stanley was making a conscious concerted
effort to walk forward or willingly
confront his death Oh Oh am I really
gonna die please tell me I'm not gonna
die uh oh oh oh loading screen okay it's
okay
oh my god oh my god
I didn't dive up wait where the hell am
I as a machine word into motion and
Stanley was inched closer and closer to
ISM what reflected that his life had
been of no consequence whatsoever what
Stanley can't see a picture no he
doesn't know the real story
no chapt forever in his narrow vision of
what this loss but plugging the eyeballs
from a blunt adult prosper so he
designed putting they accepted this
violent end to his breathing shit don't
say oh well oh no oh no oh no
farewell Stanley cried the narrator as
Stanley was led helplessly into the
enormous metal jaws Ã¡lvarez our instant
Stanley was obliterated as the machine
crushed every bone in his body killing
him instantly
what huh oh my god my heart is jogged
what the hell is going on now
wait what the Stanley parable and yet it
would be just a few minutes before
Stanley would restart the game back in
his office as alive as ever
what exactly did the narrator think he
was going to accomplish I don't know
when it walls you can walk has been
created for you long in advance death
becomes meaningless making life the same
do you see now do you see that Stanley
was already dead from the moment he hit
Stern
what what what what the two doors oh my
goodness what what is this it's just
like how they made the game he's just a
credit just the credits what is this
like the developer room thing the
Stanley parable credits oh my goodness
okay that's actually really interesting
how they did the credits okay it's just
like the actual end of the game then I
don't bloody know look they've got
everything Jesus Christ this is awesome
Owen
exit there's an exit over here oh whoa
oh look at these two how they wish to
destroy one another how they wish to
control one another
oh how they both wish to be free free
free Stanley parable dawn it off what's
gonna happen huh can you see oh you'll
see how much they need one another no
what
perhaps not sometimes these things
cannot be seen whoa
hello listen to me
uh-oh still seems - you can stop the
program before they both fail
what would reduce key and press quit
this little way to beat this game always
you move forward you'll be walking
someone else's path stop now the tree
wars don't choose it Valentine choose
for you don't ya
what the hell get it why is there
another woman talking to me now I
understand what's going on this brat is
gay messing with my mind
ah shit what's goin I'm I just stuck I
think I'm stuck I think I actually have
to press quit do i I think I do
man that ending was mad ah
she'd okay okay okay we're sticking with
the left path again because there was
another option right here coming to a
staircase Stanley walked upstairs to his
buses off okay so we could go to our
bosses office but we're not we're gonna
go downstairs deep underground hello
anyone here fire hose oh oh oh Stanley
just couldn't do I don't like this he
considered the possibility of facing his
boss admitting he had left his post
during workers are I'll be fired for
there are all such a competitive economy
why had he taken that risk at all
because he believed everyone had
vanished his boss would think he was
crazy
and then something occurred to Stanley
maybe he thought to himself maybe I am
you see all of my co-workers blinking
mysteriously out of existence in a
single moment for no reason at all are
all none of it made any logical ongoing
rally pondered this he began to make
other strange observations for example
why couldn't he see his feet when he
looked down oh why did doors close
automatically behind him wherever he
went
and for that matter these rooms were
starting to look pretty familiar yes
well they simply repeat I think so no
Stanley said to himself this is all too
strange this can't be real and at last
he came to the conclusion that had been
on the tip of his tongue it just hadn't
found the words for it ah I'm dreaming
yield
it's a Jace's all a dream oh what a
relief Stanley felt to have finally
found an answer that's the odds are
driven his co-workers weren't actually
gone he wasn't going to lose his job
there wasn't crazy after all
yes I'm not crazy so I suppose I'll wake
up soon I'm sure back to my boring real
life job pushing buttons I may as well
enjoy this while I'm still lucid yeah so
he imagined himself flying and began to
gently float above the ground whoa-ho-ho
then he imagined himself soaring
wallspace on a magical star field and it
too appeared it was so much fun
who stanley marveled that he had still
not woken up how was he remaining so
lucid I don't know and then perhaps the
strangest question of them all entered
Stan his head what one he was amazed he
hadn't asked himself sooner
what why is there a voice in my head
dictating everything that I'm doing and
thinking Oh share the voice was
describing itself being considered by
Stanley who found it particularly true
I'm dreaming about a voice describing me
thinking about how it's describing my
thoughts he thought hahahaha I thought
it all very OH
what I heard if this voice spoke to all
people in their dream the truth was that
of course this was not a dream Oh what
could it be
what Stan is simply deceiving himself
and are leaving that if he's asleep he
doesn't have to take responsibility for
himself I don't know Stan Lee is as
awake right now as he's ever been in his
life I do now hearing the voice speak
these words was quite a shock to Stan
Lee oh no after all he knew for certain
beyond a doubt that this was in fact a
dream did the voice not see him flow to
make the magical stars just a moment ago
how else would the voice explain all
that ice was a part of himself too
surely surely if he could just he would
prove it he would prove that he was in
control that this was a dream so he
closed his eyes gently oh and he invited
himself to wake up Wow he felt the cool
weight of the blanket on his skin the
press of the mattress on his back wall
the fresh air of a world outside this
one let me wake up he thought to himself
its Andrew with this dream I wish it to
be over
let me go back to my job let me continue
pushing the buttons please it's all I
want I want my apartment on my wife and
my job all I want is my life exactly the
way it's always been
oh my life is normal ah I am normal
Oh everything will be fine I am okay Oh
Stanley Oh am I gonna wake up now no I
guess not
uh oh Stanley began screaming please
someone wake me like me I'm spending my
night
please just someone tell me I'm real
hello this is the story of a woman named
Mariela what what what no way what
Mariela woke up on a day like any other
she arose got dressed gathered her
belongings and walked to her place of
work but on this particular day her walk
was interrupted by the body of a man who
had stumbled through town talking and
screaming to himself and then collapsed
dead on the sidewalk and although she
would soon turn to go call for an
ambulance for just a few brief moments
she considered the strange man he was
obviously crazy this much she knew
everyone knows what crazy people look
like and in that moment she thought to
herself how lucky she was to be normal I
am saying I am in control of my mind I
know what is real and what isn't it was
comforting to think this and in a
certain way seeing this man made her
feel better but then she remembered the
meeting she had scheduled for that day
the very important people whose
impressions of her would affect her
career and by extension the rest of her
life she had no time for this so it was
only a moment that she stood there
staring down at the body and then she
turned and ran whoa that's crazy I uh
okay um I think that's a good time to
add the video okay um there's just way
too many endings with this i-i've know I
hope you guys enjoyed leave a goddamn
like if we reach 10,000 I'm gonna keep
doing this
this is fun I'm having fun and it's a
it's a let's play now was a good time to
spend time with each other okay they
German I loads of fun I hope you guys
did too leave a goddamn like I'm gonna
make the next episode straight away it
seems we hit 10,000 likes okay lazy I'm
sorry I
this video took a while to come out all
right uh but yeah anyway guys I want
that guys watching and I will see you in
the goddamn next video man see Larry
gasps I love you ba back
