hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is Masha Sylvia and today lady and we
have got something very special because
we are finally playing hitman blood
money baby now the new hitman game comes
out and I think in like two months
so I thought it would be fun to do like
a short mini series on hitman blood
money this is like the old hitman game I
think I played this on like the ps2 now
plays the ps3 knows ps2 I think I played
on Jesus Christ is there an old game so
yeah I thought I would do like a funny
moments a short mini-series on this if
you guys want me to leave a goddamn like
let's say 15,000 likes and I'll upload
another hitman blood money video let's
just say that so I'm gonna be doing this
series a little bit different I'm not
gonna be doing it in order I'm just
gonna be picking random missions at once
okay so this is our first target hello
agent 47 we are glad to have you back we
have a new contract waiting on your
approval the target is former Cuban
crime lord called Vinny sinistra he has
been placed under the US witness
protection program on a plea bargain and
his location has been discovered this
Saturday Vinny and his wife are having a
birthday party for their daughter which
is the perfect time for an infiltration
Our client wants Vinny dead as he is
holding sensitive and valuable
information to our clients he is holding
this information in his wife's necklace
and it is important that you retrieve
this by any possible means are you up
for the task
agent 47 of course you are get your ass
out there show them who's boss ah yeah
okay and here we are in hitman blood
money
hello jogger he's a good day for a run
isn't it okay so our mission is to take
out Vinny okay this is his lovely home
and I think there's a birthday party
going on one we don't there's no high
quality catering you want to suck on my
hot dog why is mr. Wong selling hot dogs
I don't bloody know okay now we need to
be very careful okay cuz there's a lot
of witnesses okay
what's this jogger man doing howdy
friend howdy shut up who is this guy
what are you looking at huh huh
oh shit and don't forget about this
stupid woman
bloody uh cutting her branches cooky the
clown what the hell this really is a
birthday party isn't it where's the
bloody clown okay now I could just kill
everyone oh yeah okay
Oh shithead woman's running well we're
already off to a terrible start oh shit
oh she's dead oh he's dead dude alright
now this is Vinnie's house and as you
can see his house is heavily guarded by
the f-b-i okay so we can't just walk
into this bloody house okay we weren't
invited to the bloody birthday party I
don't know why so we need to find a
costume that will give us access to the
house okay lay German cookie the clown a
hmm seems they've invited the clown to
this body now that I think about it all
clowns kind of look the same this gives
me an idea
oh shit
copy the clown's coming or shit what do
I do huh pokey I mean his name coqui
coqui coqui the clown's coming how do I
take him out take off his clothes
without anyone else thing oh hello
garbage man how you doing a garbage man
is this love
oh okay he just left me okay I think the
coast is clear take out my fiber wire
easy easy that was easy
okay now take his bloody clothes oh yeah
yeah now goki the clouds the girl okay
listen around quickly get rid of his
stupid body okay there we go now we
should have access to the bloody house
okay everyone stay calm okay no need to
get nervous sorry sir I'm afraid we have
to frisk everyone coming into the house
you can have to frisk me oh thanks
you're all set huh okay we're in the
house all right lazed him and now we
need to be very careful we need to first
take out Vinnie then take his wife's
necklace
okay let's first do a little bit of
scouting on Vinnie
he didn't suspect me oh hello God wanted
me to be Casey
oh he's his wife died um hello hello
pretty lady
oh please oh shit I'm not wearing to be
in her listen dude okay I just wanted to
see some titties okay you can't blame me
oh yeah look at him look at that bitch
oh yeah she's old she's so pretty oh yes
I could see I robbing a bloody piece you
could use a good laugh follow me where
is pity's taking me
okay listen to me hit man okay do not
blow your cover okay you need to make
this girl laugh like it's the last thing
you are going to do in your life okay
man business here oh no I'm here to see
titties you're a funny man I'm a funny
man well cheers to you goofy goofy yeah
oh shit what do i do what do I do
I wasn't meant to kill up that was the
part of the mission it was just to get
this bloody necklace off her quickly
take the necklace okay
mission complete but we've got a dead
body okay well this mission hasn't gone
particularly right so far isn't that
right ladies oh shit what have I done
okay we have the necklace from titties
okay now we just need to kill Vinny okay
only FBI agents are allowed in his
living room
we need an FBI costume all right now
I've done a little bit of research okay
and apparently this van over here has
secret FBI agents in there
okay leizerman we need to find a way to
get them out I wonder what mr. Wong has
in the back of his van huh
what's this doughnuts doughnuts what if
I drunk
these doughnuts okay maybe that would
me and opportunity okay take out my
sedative okay and poison the doughnuts
of shit I dropped it
oh shit ignore that needle stuff I'm
just doing that
Hey picked up my gun okay I had to
reload an earlier safe titties is still
alive okay okay let's try this shit
again take out my sedative and poison
the donuts there we go okay hit man now
take the doughnuts Corki the clown here
let's have your food oh hello Oh what
fresh doughnuts how cool is that full
disclosure
we're actually FBI food discuss your FBI
oh shit okay well enjoy your doughnuts
what a bloody dum-dum they just take
doughnuts from the floor oh shit man my
tummy feels weird I don't know about you
doughnuts feel okay
let's enter the bloody van okay now
close the door all right no witnesses
okay let's take his bloody clothes we
are now FBI
okay now steal the videotape alright
alright no evidence left behind
alright now this outfit should give me
full access to the bloody house hello
boys
typical FBI agent yeah it's ready buddy
back tell me to go right ahead
wait look at you buddy catering gate
we're looking hot ah here he is
bloody Vinny all right ladies gentlemen
now we need to get him while he's alone
all right
Oh dB
there's teepees oh shit look it up hello
titties I don't go oh shit dude he's
look at your bloody ass oh shit
push up oh she quickly take the bloody
necklace oh shit what are we gonna do
okay okay it's okay she bloody drowned
uh uh ah okay okay I didn't say anything
I don't know anything okay
well that was easy oh shit look at this
bloody guy he's always following them
how am I gonna get Vinny all alone Jesus
Christ there's so many gods okay I think
we need to take out the gods one by one
all right leizerman starting with this
bloody game we just need to wait for the
right moment okay
just see wait where's he coming into his
into Vinny's daughter's bedroom what
sniffing the panties what a bloody
father Phil what are you doing what
wonder what that was
what do you mean wonder that was
absolutely disgusting
you're disgusting Phil all right don't
look at me like that I know what you
bloody well did I have got no bloody
time for stupid puzzles okay we need to
find an interesting way to kill Finn
okay now apparently across the road that
is a pet clinic if we go down the side
there's a window over here we will
receive a bottle of ether poison all
right Phil's in the bathroom doing a
bloody poo
okay take out the fortress and dab it in
the bloody faggots Oh Phil mind your
business you bloody pervert okay pour it
that's right ladies German now we bloody
wait oh there he goes
there goes Phil okay and enter this room
love smelly pussy I love a young pussy
that's what you get bill you bloody gate
sniffing the panties that's disgusting
okay Mon Vinny go upstairs no no dude
why you following him are for goodness
sake quickly
sneakin back close the door
come on and joking oh I guess that's it
oh hey dude nothin happenin there okay I
was just give me a little bit of a kissy
okay all right now I think that is a
bloody mission complete
okay and look no one is none the wiser
ah yeah mission complete me escape it's
got a mr. gorpley baby alright so um I
think I messed that up a bit see I only
killed two people
okay and that was the wife and the
bloody man okay later man I got the
ranking of hitman thank you thousand
dollars my mother and mother chose money
okay now before we end the video there
is a couple of funny things that in this
level that you can do which I didn't do
alright so let's do them I guess oh this
is your house oh okay I didn't know that
ah okay there we go
now shut up shut up go shut up okay okay
now the reason why we killed mrs.
Gonzales over here alright hey German
it's because we needed a hedge trimmers
okay we're gonna boss trick but this was
more fun okay now I think you can kill
people this hedge trimmer okay so
another funny thing that I want to do in
this level is that there is another way
of killing a titty's Oh
I've supported the DS in the back okay
look at her having big titties do not
trust this poor man not one bit okay now
this titties okay she a hole all right
she would sleep with anyone okay
she was trying to try to sleep with me
the clown let's wait to see if babies
does anything it seems
she is turning on the barbecue oh it
would be a shame if someone were to
tinker with the barbecue hmm that gives
me an idea okay now if I go into this
back room
all right ladies chairman and pick the
lock when no one is here there is some
lighter fluid now if we put the lighter
fluid in the barbecue I bet something
finally will happen up
okay wait - no one's looking all right
listen
bull man piss off okay I'm trying to
kill this woman here getting lost not a
cop leave Manchester United won - no
listen I don't watch bloody there that
shit okay can you piss off all right I'm
trying to bring the Bob rig the barbecue
that's right yeah piss off can i type in
the pool or would that be deemed as
suspicious okay
job job oh okay okay now's my chance
rig the barbecue that's right ladies
gentlemen oh no one saw now we wait oh
yeah look at that five pieces look at
you go
if I weren't on duty right now I would
be tapping that ass better she's on her
way to the barbecue oh my goodness oh
shit well I think I don't mind I'm just
going to see if she's okay check her
pulse and take a necklace by the button
while I'm at it okay well she's dead
guys yeah good job okay later
I think that's pretty much it today this
game man III never actually got the
chance like player properly so I'm glad
I'm doing having to do it now so I hope
you guys did enjoy let's try and hit
15,000 likes if you guys want me to do
more I know this game's kind of old but
it's like an instant classic which I
know a lot of you guys some of the guys
were like I think all
older people I think will appreciate it
but yeah let's try any 15,000 likes if
you guys want me to continue hitman
blood money but if you guys don't then
I'll just wait till hitman the game
comes out I think in like 2 months or
something like that but I yeah anyway
guys I think I started watching and I
will see you in the goddamn next video
man see you later guys love you Bob
