oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
Edie smash yourself eh and today
leizerman I have got a very special
video for you because we are starting up
yet another let's play and that's right
you ready channel we are playing the
Stanley parable now this game is bloody
well awesome okay I was thinking what
should I start as my next let's play and
I didn't want to start something so like
serious and story orientated so uh this
game it's just a bit of fun okay it's
very hard to explain
alright but there's loads of endings
loads of choices the game messes with
your mind ok leizerman so yeah I will
just start the video and leave a goddamn
like if we reach like 15,000 likes I
will do this as a let's play anyway it's
up to you guys alright if you guys going
to watch it then leave a like if you
guys aren't then don't okay
this is the story of a man named Stanley
Oh Oh Stanley work for a company in a
big building where he was employee
number 4 to 7 Kenny what a number four
two sevens job was simple he sat at his
desk in room four to seven and he pushed
buttons on the keyboard ordered aim to
him through a monitor on his desk
telling him what buttons to push how
long to push
this is what employee 47 did every day
every month of every year and although
others might have considered it
soul-winning Stanley relished every
moment of the orders campaign but though
we have been made exactly for this job I
understand me was happy I was happy
vn and then one day something very
peculiar happened waiting that would
forever change Stanley something he
would never quite forget he had been at
its desk for nearly an hour when he
realized that not one single order had
arrived on the monitor for him to follow
no one had showed up to give him
instructions call a meeting or even say
hi never in all his years of the company
had this happened this complete
isolation something was very clearly
wrong shocked frozen solid but Stanley
found himself unable to move for the
longest time but as he came to his wits
and regained his senses he got up from
his desk and stepped out of his office
ah yeah yeah and that's that's the story
in a Gemini
I couldn't have explained it better
myself okay so we have a quest to find
out what's happening here where's my
where's my work at huh where's all the
workers at hello but people all of his
co-workers were gone Oh shared it mean
what clearly decided to go to the
meeting room perhaps he had simply
missed a memo I did did I no matter how
hard Stanley looked he couldn't find a
trace of it okay stop narrating me okay
so the narrator's a real prick in this
game oh wait what's this guy this guy's
gonna compute he's got bloody pencil
sharpener eyes where are you where'd you
go Stanley went around touch up every
little thing in the office I don't make
a single difference
all right all right all right did it
advance the story in any go away okay
okay okay
this guy comments unlike everything you
say oh shit okay let's just keep walking
okay lazy man
now I believe there is me Stanley came
to a set of two open door
he entered the door on his left whoa
okay okay this is what the games about
okay ladies Yemen there is so many
branches of story okay the narrator said
Stan Lee went to the doors left but as
you can see I can also go right okay
lady Sherman now what I'm gonna do for
this first video is I'm gonna do
everything the narrator says okay
everything okay so let's go through the
door on the left okay all right things
seem to have calmed down now hello
anyone here workers yet there was not a
single person here either feeling a wave
of disbelief Stanley decided to go up to
his boss's office hoping he might find
an answer there yeah I want answers damn
it Jesus Christ look at all this stuff
what do people want things money more
money
things but with money to buy more things
graphs graphs about things and money we
have our new product everyone is unique
you most of all aah
no nice number of slides on this slide
slides charts Judson sides this whole
rooms a joke rate at which charts on the
same slide depict the same information
rate of increase of graphs per slide oh
my goodness look at all shit
please no much utter Becky okay okay
let's just let's just stop okay let's
just progress broom closet okay I'm
guess we're not going in there
come along staircase Stanley walked
upstairs to his boss's office oh we have
another choice okay okay okay I'm still
sticking with doing everything the
narrator says okay I'm really interested
I think I play this like a couple of
times but there's like 18 endings okay
lay Shaymin so it's gonna be really
excited for me to find out all of them
okay so I guess it's my boss's office
hello boss boss man he's not here either
Stacy the Secretary's gonna go off for
lunch
Jesus Christ what was going on in this
world boss was stepping into his
managers office Stanley was once again
stunned to discover not an indication of
any human life
shocked unraveled Stanley wondered in
disbelief who orchestrated this what
dark secret was being held from him Oh
what he could not have known was that
the keypad behind the boss's desk
guarded the terrible truth that his boss
had been keeping from him walls had
assigned it an extra secret pin number
two eight four five but of course
Stanley couldn't possibly have known
this yeah yeah I couldn't have wait
dissin as an arrow hitting me to do it
um but I don't know the code but I do
know the code Stanley just sat around
twiddling his thumbs there trying to
input anything on the device was useless
since he could never possibly know that
the combination was to eight four I
don't know the code what if I type
random numbers zero zero zero zero two
eight four five I don't want to press it
no screw you is this another part me not
pressing it I don't know forgot but it
turns out that the panel's emergency
override kicked in and those said just
opened all by itself Oh certainly got
the hell along with the story well
whoop-dee-do hahaha so if I don't press
it it opens anyway stupid narrator
telling me what to do oh man I love this
game so much it's so cool you guys will
be wondering why am i playing these old
games just because they're old doesn't
mean that they're not good okay
leizerman
like I was in a let's play channel okay
so I missed out on all these games when
they came out alright so oh shit a lower
screen so I'm glad I'm finally getting
back to it descending deeper into the
building
Stanley realized he felt a bit peculiar
it was a stirring of emotion in his
chest
as though he felt more free to think for
himself to question the nature of his
job why did he feel this now when for
years it had never occurred to him this
question would not go unanswered for
long whoa
scary hello
shit what's that noise hello anyone here
or she died walk straight ahead through
the large door that read mind control
facility mind control force it escape oh
no oh my goodness look at that path oh
shit oh man I I really want to escape
something really fishy is going on guys
oh shit okay okay okay okay
I'm not gonna escape I'm gonna go to the
mind control facility oh shit look at
out look at that hallway okay okay okay
let's keep this keep going something
very fishy is going on guys I don't like
it hello oh my goodness where the hell
am i push the botton the knights rooms
on an enormous room packed with
television screens what horrible secret
did this place hold Stanley thought to
himself to all the strength to find out
what secrets is this television screens
oh my goodness I've scared
oh shit buttons a camera oh my god now
the monitors jump to life their true
nature revealed each bore the number of
an employee in the building
Stanley's co-workers the lives of so
many individuals reduced to images on a
screen and Stanley one of them eternally
monitored in this place with freedom and
nothing whoa
my bosses are bloody spying on me and
everyone else this is it this is weird
okay this is very very weird oh my
goodness up and blind number 102 got
fired and so did 601 our poor guy Jesus
Christ this is bloody freaky I like it
now what do we do what is this there's a
mind control facility it was too
horrible to believe it couldn't be true
it could mean Hanley really been under
someone's control all this time was this
the only reason he was happy with his
boring job that his emotions had been
manipulated to accept it blindly I don't
know I love this guy's voice accept it
blindly oh my goodness okay I guess
we're going on elevator no goodness he
refused to believe it he couldn't accept
it his own life in someone else's
control never know unthinkable wasn't it
was it even possible I don't know hooli
spent his entire life utterly blind to
the world I don't know good question sir
why it was a proof the heart of the
operation controls labeled with emotions
happy or sad all Tent walking eating
working all of it monitored and
commanded from this very place and as
the cold reality of his past began to
sink in Stanley decided that this
machinery would never again exert its
terrible power Oh
another human life for he would
dismantle the controls once and for all
whoa I'm gonna turn off the controls
should i I don't know um um guys system
power on or off
I guess we're meant to turn it off but I
really want to see what happens if we
turn it on I know I said I was gonna do
everything that the guy said but I kind
of want to turn it on should I turn it
on guys I know okay I want to do it I
don't care
Oh Stanley you didn't just activate the
controls did you yeah they kept you
enslaved all these years you go and you
try to take control of the machine for
yourself is that what you wanted control
no I just wonder I just wouldn't
understand the help Lord your effort I
really do but you need to understand
there's only so much that machine can do
Oh Shay was supposed to let it go turn
the controls off and leave uh-oh if you
want to throw my story of track you're
gonna have to do much better than that
well I'm afraid you don't have nearly
the power you think you do for example
and I believe you'll find this pertinent
our old and is suddenly realized he had
just initiated the network's emergency
detonation system war is until then that
this machine is activated without proper
DNA identification are all clear
detonators are set to explode nominating
the entire complex self destroyed until
detonation then
let's say two minutes so right now this
is making things a little more fun isn't
it step what's in a while time to shine
you are the star it's your story now now
look to your heart's desire I so honor
this is much better than what I had in
mind
well shame we have so little time left
to enjoy its awesome moments until the
bomb goes off
but what precious moments each one of
them is what's your time to talk about
you about me where we're going what all
this means oh my god really know where
to start
oh my god what's that you glad to know
where your coworkers are uh-oh a moment
of Solace before you're obliterated all
right I'm in a good mood you're gonna
die anyway I'll tell you exactly what
happened to them what aya raised them I
turned off the machine I set you free
whoa of course that was merely in this
instance of the story sometimes when I
do I simply let you sit there in your
office forever pushing buttons endlessly
and then dying alone other times I let
the office sink into the ground
swallowing everyone inside or I let it
burn to a crisp
I have to say this though this version
of events has been rather amusing
watching you try to make sense of
everything and take back the control
rested away from you it's quite rich
don't must hate to see it go and I'm
sure whatever I come up with on the next
go-around will be even better
my goodness only 34 seconds left oh no
I'm enjoying this so much
they won't deal with it I'm going to put
some extra time on the clock oh my god
these are precious additional seconds I
forget the SAG is so stupid I mean look
at you running from button to button
screen to screen clicking on every
little thing in this room these numbered
buttons no these colored bumps or maybe
this big red button or this door
everything I think something here will
save me just kill mazing that standing
just care anymore does he help me okay I
made a mistake old do you have any idea
what your purpose in this place is me
you're in for quite a disappointment
okay but here's a spoiler for you that
timer isn't a catalyst to keep the
action moving along if it's all seconds
ticking away to your death ah you're
only still playing instead of watching a
cutscene because I want to watch you for
every moment that you're powerless to
see you made humble oh my god this is
not a challenge it's a tragedy
oh my god into control this world that's
fine but I'm going to destroy it first
so you can't what take a little bit flux
damn it if that's 30 seconds you have
oh my god big boom
no any just you being blown to pieces oh
my god cling desperately to your frail
life or will you let it go peacefully
another choice make it cut
oh my draw it's all the same to me all a
part of the joke and believe me I will
be laughing at every second of your
inevitable life
from the moment we fade in until the
moment I say happily ever up
what what oh my god lies - enough what
the hell what is going on now all eyes
co-workers were gone
what could it mean what is which they
decided to go to the meeting room
perhaps he had simply missed a memo what
the hell is it good gonna carry on or
restart I think it restarts ah shitty
okay so that was me turning on the
machine maybe I should see what the
ending is if I turn it off like I was
supposed to do okay lady over we are
back all right so we're meant to turn
off the system power okay so I guess
this is another ending or anime know if
it will end okay let's turn it off oh my
god hello the hell
blackness and a rising chill of
uncertainty Oh was it over don't know oh
my god yes he had one eye why had
defeated the Machine unshackled himself
from someone else's command freedom was
mere moments away and yet even as the
immense door slowly opened Stanley
reflected on how many puzzles still lay
unsold I had his co-workers gone how had
he been freed from the machines grass
what other mysteries did this strange
building hold but as sunlight streamed
into the chamber he realized none of
this mattered to him for it was not
knowledge or even power that he had been
seeking but happiness perhaps his goal
had not been to understand but to let go
no longer would anyone tell him where to
go
oh how did the Oh
whatever life he lives it will be his
and that was all he needed to know it
was perhaps the only thing worth knowing
Stanley stepped through the open door
okay is this it
hmm freedom freedom Stanley felt the
cool breeze upon his skin the feeling of
liberation the immense possibility of
the new path before him this was exactly
the way right now that things were meant
to happen and Stanley was happy oh I
like that ending that was a lot better
than me blowing up everything I beat the
game oh shit is that what oh my goodness
I like that I kind of wish I listened to
him okay
Jesus Christ okay later I think I am
going to leave the first video there I
hope that was like a little bit of a
taster for you guys to be like yeah
Brandon I want you to show us all the
different parts and ending to this game
I like I said I think there's 18 some of
them are really short and then some of
them are like really long so um I want
to do it I hope you guys really want to
to leave I goddamn like if we reach
15,000 likes on this video I'm gonna
upload another episode
okay later man I'll leave it up to you
anyway guys I don't think I saw what's
watching and I'll see you in the gold
damnation for the old man I see you
later good back
