hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is mesh yourself at today's a sermon
we're going to be watching some Thank
You Mimi so let's see what the Internet
has come up with for the past two weeks
on the best memes okay I'm sure I'm sure
we're not gonna be disappointed honestly
okay guy with a toast are oh oh wow
comedy comedy in 2018 Wow okay I'm sure
well I'm sure we're not gonna be
disappointed honestly well we got a
black ops for clip here some guy hits to
hit some guy cool Aegean years alright
I'll still find that funny Jesus
Wow just religious references okay I
think I feel like me anyone's gonna
laugh with this is someone who would get
the reference and I don't get the
reference that's why don't laugh
oh I love to take over memes honestly oh
I'm so confused
okay oh my god
eyes closed okay that's pretty clever
actually you know what I'm gonna do that
right now okay that seems like a really
funny idea okay that's pretty funny I
think everyone should do that right now
honestly because that's what I'm gonna
ask while I'm doing this grumpy cat I
used to have one of these toys where
it's just like a dog toy excuse me sir I
would like to buy a phone right now
uh-huh hello okay oh my god okay this
guy's dead okay oh my okay I can't wash
that was that real I don't know but
regardless a bit like a her Oh what is
the dream cost okay so we moved away
from GameCube startup memes and now
we've moved on to dream cars all right
wondered who's making all these memes
okay this is what happens see it's dorky
I was I was just driving okay I was
coming by this way and he's this squad
of ducklings came out I know right I
didn't want to hurt them
I want one okay can someone give me a
duck okay cuz I would so what Stephanie
McMahon comes to the bedroom the game
man you just go space in the middle of
WWF we're gonna say Triple H maybe it
was not so much that oh it was the game
that was sure oh maybe it was that the
field I was playing on was just too damn
big man WWF was that was the wresting
that I grew up watching man kids well
know what true wrestling is man that was
entertainment right there okay
Snoop Dog bunch of was this Tigers is it
what are they're gonna see that
oh okay we got a guy with a book no oh
my god their mouths disrespect for some
kids this guy threw a book at his
teacher oh god I wouldn't even think
about doing something like this as a kid
in America oh my god my daddy did it man
I remember one time my mom gave me a
haircut and she completely ruined my
hair okay and actually ended up getting
back home from school was like oh don't
worry about it Timmy my dreams were
shattered years ago how many years ago
how old are you oh damn
man I think I've said this in every mean
video but like there's just people out
there who are watching these old shows
all right and they're just making memes
out of it honestly okay spongebob Fairly
OddParents you know Drake and Josh like
the list goes on alright but what a
great joke I feel like that kind of joke
would not you know happen in nowadays in
cartoons I don't know that's just me no
oh is that a pigeon wait this picture is
walking like a chicken look is that it
is that just a clip whoa look but the
pigeon that walks like a chicken Wow
grand great great meme I suppose or cat
oh oh that's a mean this guy just wants
to play dumb ahhs good people get any
more stupid
Mondays jump in front of that car oh is
that record well dad I think it is oh no
oh oh okay whatever whatever you gonna
do for content nowadays I guess okay
okay if a woman sleeps pretend guys yeah
that she's considered a slut
I guess now if a man does it if a man
does it and he would be gay
oh okay I wasn't expecting now I've got
to be honest okay we got a guy playing
gonna kick a football through this hoop
I guess I'm the knee
okay
it's what is this like an Indian meme
what song is this Jesus okay so it looks
like we've got some security footage oh
oh okay there's some guys on the phone
on the right Oh everyone's getting down
oh this guy's got a gun look this guy's
got a gun look look look
I was the joke meant to be this guy's
robbing this place and this guy's it
just stays on his phone throughout the
whole thing everyone's on the floor and
this guy's just just runs away with this
guy's money and this guy had no idea
that everyone was being robbed he was it
was just you know you know playing games
on his phone or something wow man this
society that we live in oh my goodness
look at the size of this guy they gonna
call the water slide oh this is gonna be
a mess oh god oh god oh Jesus as a big
plop now it's kind of expecting to be
like an explosion or something oh it's
something funnier than just some fat guy
you know jumping in a slide well funny
come on pig piggy come on piggy
what sir sir
okay okay I'm done the Internet
all right you scared me can someone
please explain that because who is gonna
explain that if I feel like if you can
explain that you took your to wait for
me just don't talk to me away this is
another one of these fun things I've
already done it to my phone okay hold on
it all right come on we've all done it
now all right this is an old meme now
because we've all got this on our phones
right now yes yes Craig costume you take
care now okay thank you bye okay I'm
gonna pick up this guy okay we got some
dogs what are they looking at I go over
the fence to see what everyone get out
of me get it it's kind of like a Pokemon
you know pairing you know I'm funny we
called a dog barking was he barking at
Oh dog was barking at this guy as soon
as the guy comes and he stops being a
pussy and running away yes right pussy
now bitch all right we got a guy appears
to be mopping oh wait no never mind
he doesn't have a month it's just a
bucket and now he's putting the thing
all over the floor
what's the point in this okay now he's
lighting up what is this a firework
inside the house and oh he's okay
oh he's gonna start shooting at his
friends okay all right
okay okay what guy pulls pranks way just
shoots fire websites friend you know
like like people the internet are so
dumb walkies walkies walkies okay this
guy walks in hey what are you doing I'm
watching enough memes now okay I'm sick
of means okay this is enough memes for
the week okay you guys are making shit
memes now all right come on now you guys
have to step up your game pursue this
video we're just 30,000 likes I will
upload another mean video either way
though
thank you so much watching see in the
next video
