Oh Philip I'm so scared of Jack the
Ripper could be anywhere
I know love but don't worry I'll protect
you from god-knows-what
so you bloody will up hello everyone
how is everyone doing it is mesh
yourself air and adulation
we are back yeah again jack we are back
with Jack the Ripper DLC ok now I've
learned a lot more about how the game
runs and stuff ok so say these guys over
here ok oh great now I have a new weapon
called the spikes ok later now if we
sneak on by and they don't see it then I
can bloody scared
yes that's run right it there cuz I am
Jack oh shit this poor guy ok I calm
down
listen sir why aren't you scared Oh
shitty ok so this guy is just pinned to
the floor can I kill him ok well now
he's dead ok so another weapon that I've
unlocked is something called a fare bomb
oh yeah
and basically it makes people run in
flee on ok now let's find some enemies
Oh who's this guy
what's he doing hello
please I wanna carry a month oh look at
these two I'll bet they're up to
something dirty dirty look at that girl
she's like Oh Philip I'm so scared of
Jack the Ripper it could be anywhere I
know
but don't worry I'll protect you from
god-knows-what
so you bloody will up okay enemies which
me fighting enemies no no no not people
okay what's his kids doing oh shit
that's ruin the game yeah now that now I
don't know what to do they're like oh a
box what do we do we've got to play tag
again with the juggling I bet I think
they're a bit exaggerating sir do you
not know Jack the Ripper's our take
killings prostitutes okay it's awful
okay well I say you I know your enemies
where's the enemies they come out when I
don't need them and when I need them
they're bloody pushing me running away
oh Jesus Christ not you again with your
musical box listen sir this isn't Talent
okay you go on x-factor you think you're
gonna get trees and buzzards you're
gonna get a break how many enemies have
to kill oh there's one now if I throw a
fair Bob oh there's a guy okay I want to
do a brutal takedown on this guy wait
for it wait for it now okay now remember
in the last video I showed you some of
those side missions you could do and
they were pretty much the same but they
actually added some new ones so what we
are going to be doing is we are going to
be going over to Whitechapel there has
been a brothel attack buck rose brothels
they are attacking their duties no one
will touch the tepees if anyone's
touching the titties it will be that
titty sucker of titties
oh yeah London looks scarier no it
doesn't it say Jack the Ripper could be
anywhere
Jack do a book will be really well
anyway are you one of Jack the Ripper's
minions oh listen that post at you oh no
bill we gotta wait for Jack the Ripper's
orders what was that
throw the Bob oh shit what's going on
here
bloody titties sucking in the bloody
Street
this is awkward
okay they're going to do the tapir
sucking right here should I leave this
is how babies are made
I don't know I don't like it okay oh
shit we've entered the brothel hijack
attack me we've got to free the brothels
I mean that it is where is this just
like a child liberation except they
replaced children with prostitutes right
in tight slacks
shake a leg what you tried slugs Jesus
Christ what is tight and what is love
I don't know hey what's this defend oh
shit a prostitute died I'm sorry I'm
sorry I thought she was it this I'm
joking fetish oh shit she's bleeding
after being choked Jesus Christ
well you're free now you're safe now say
thank you that you're smoking don't let
to process shoot style case okay it's
crazy that one died okay that's okay
that's okay but if you let two down
you're a bad person
oh shit he's gonna kill prostitute over
my dead kitties there we go they don't
like saying thank you do they listen you
bloody whores save the brush - hello
ma'am you saved there we going for
trouble aren't you looking for trouble
no we're just pleased saved your life
he's stupidly listen this is a big
mistake alright Jack the Ripper has been
killing these poor girls and they learn
to respect me savor them don't care mate
okay now you're free okay don't say
thank you again and you're free yeah
baby savings
evie frye you have just signed your
death warrant
face it find what I do not find anything
without reading you bloody gate well
shoes fit
I was just fit that's right running fair
oh wait how did I know shit they kill
each other I do it the horse uh-oh
being happy I did it I saved the
Brussels okay
everyone can have the bloody TP sagging
in peace now oh Jesus Christ on Nelly
she likes me now
Thank You Nelly listen right you better
run all right I should not be here Jesus
Christ these girls look at them they're
looking out for business can I kill
well that mission was just pointless
then wasn't it okay so the next mission
we're gonna do is we're gonna do the
walk of shame
it's my sitting on the roof he's like
wait is he smoking kid are you bloody
smoking the bloody gun jump you can see
what they're doing kid what's that in
your hand
oh shit what happened here this is a
bloody murder scene stop the client from
being violent by any non-lethal means
possible when successful bring the
abusive client - Nina Nellie
you must publicly disgrace and shame the
client by traveling through crowds on
the way back - Nellie this sounds fun
it's basically just a kidnap mission but
it sounds a bit more fun okay I have 20
seconds what happened uh what happened
not quickly to the roof say the
prostitute by any post mean uneven war
what she died Oh how what about the way
faith okay let's try this shit again
okay and this time let's not fail it
okay guys get it what am i doing I don't
get it I don't get it I don't get it I
don't get it I don't get it I don't got
it here we go if you can't do the time
don't do the crime come on guys shame
him no one really cares I think this
guy's just throwing on this guy looks
like it's about to die this guys getting
beating up in an alley yeah I don't
think anyone guess what about these guys
I don't get why this shame thing isn't
working
come on guys I do it are you shamed did
you think you could treat us like dogs
just cuz we're Donny's truly I'm sorry
mother
am i working for the right guys she gave
me a spiked pouch Thank You Nellie okay
now before we end the video I have
nearly completed the Jack the Ripper DLC
okay and I believe a monsters creed is
the last mission
and I hope we kill Jack the Ripper here
here we go Jack prepares for Evie's
arrival and eliminates the members of
the medical staff with a living memory
of his injury ah no I must erase any
trace of my identity whoa whoa this time
my old nurse paid for negligence and
there be use killing bloody medical
staff jack you source the old bastard
you are
an evil evil guy Anya hello guys shit
out ow shit looking at the frightened
listen sir run Oh
where's the second one I just let them
beat the shit out of me and let them
kill Jack the Ripper kill me kill me
kill me I did it I saved the world yes
no I guess not
okay so what I have to do I have to kill
a nurse in a mental hospital wait a
second detective I belong to a mental
hospital that's pretty crazy
that's not a crazy nurse where are you
I'm gonna carry him oh there she is
time to do a brew takedown on us
the rippers Savage okay what I mean to
do me to pardon the evidence okay
I don't them to know that I blogged in
montoursville no I didn't maybe met time
to prepare for Miss Fry's arrival oh
shit no no oh shit open up the cells
walk back to the beginning a jerk my
brother freed you from this madhouse and
made you one of us
whoa Jack the Ripper was an assassin
shitty easy shit B you must end this
once after all and kill Jack okay let's
enter the building Jack where are you
neutralized three Jack Jack's three
criminals aren't remember him bringing
criminals hello sir should I hear crazy
people
this guy he's pretty crazy she weighs he
gonna kill me well you're just the crazy
person don't want to kill you oh shit
okay well now he's just gonna sit there
oh my god what the hell has happened
here was this you loonies huh loonies
shit okay what the best thing I should
do do you well you're dead now holy shit
what the hell is this Illuminati Jack's
part of the Illuminati
in the basement that is where Jack will
spring his final trap oh shit
jack is in the basement bloody ell
basement Jackie I'm coming for ya come
on yeah hey oh shit this is bloody scary
Jack come out wherever you are Jack
Jackie shit
Evie even what's happening
mmm jacob jacob frye welcome to the
reunion
miss Froy oh my god oh shit Jack all
this makes me sick Jack Chitty Jack rip
as ice
I'm Fisher okay welcome towards bullets
Justin realizes that this isn't a matrix
you think you but he'll get scared by my
fear bombs no Jesus Christ is very nice
Lily a flea AV flea flea believe Amy
flavor Lily Lily Lily Lily come on Jack
he's gone what what
listen guys I want to kill you but I'm
gonna do anyway oh my god Oh bro bro the
jack oh my god
oh my god you will not make a monster of
me
don't do it where the sighs you and I
check you were an assassin yes but we
are not the same whoa
rest in peace now Jack you and your
twisted acolytes what oh shit find out
who he was
oh bloody bollocks oh my god Jacob Jacob
Jacob miss Frye what the hell happened
here
nothing inspector nothing happened here
trust me Jack the Ripper's dead now help
me Frederick I almost ever know that
Jack the Ripper was an assassin whoa
Jacob it's over Jacob oh shit that was
fun I like this I actually I really
learned that guide weddell sea anyway
guys okay guys so much watching um yeah
I think I am now officially done witness
essence creed okay I don't think any
more DLC is gonna come out but uh yeah I
reason why I made loads of videos in
this game is cuz I I think this has been
a really good Assassin's Creed but uh
yeah anyway guys okay guys are watching
and I'll see you in the car that makes
for your man celerity gasps love you
boom oh you know
