oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
today later we all HM we are playing
indoors similarly yet again there's been
a couple of updates okay nothing major
okay but there's been enough content for
me to go okay Yuri you want to go to
school again yeah so you're so sincere
okay okay let's stop being racist hello
your daughter
I'm you still killed it in the face oh
that's right underneath your a cut okay
now I believe that is a new room to mess
about in give me look what we got here
okay so this is the body cooking club a
shit okay now there's nothing special
about it but you know what later
they didn't invite yonder rang through
the club so there's only one thing we
should do
make them there okay now when we go to
the drama club there is a certain
special thing right here oh it's gloves
these aren't actually gloves that their
socks I yeah
quality content okay now you're probably
wondering what does gloves have to do
with this game
okay well layman you can now frame
people please go and murder someone but
instead of just destroying the evidence
you could frame people into thinking
that they are going to be the man up so
the police are like oh bloody hell
shitty case oh is it like oh the UM boy
but it's never simple okay he's too
good-looking to be a murderer okay
but later when we got to attack wait
what's purple Chan it's you on the phone
again
listen purple sure I know what you
bloody did okay bloody sucking on
titties okay I will bloody frame you
okay no one likes you pop but I would
really kill you are okay so the first
that we need to do is we need to bloody
wait for cooking club okay now what we
need to do is John Dory
mister wet it is now 3:30 the garlic's
have just finished studying okay
two plus two equals seven okay and now
they are going to cook okay it's a girls
only club okay cause men cook okay come
on girls
where the hell are you were ready chat
is ready Charlie invited couldn't love
of course she bloody is she's a bloody
ho okay she's the one who didn't invite
me
that's right going to go to club you
bloody gay look at her she's Betty
sitting down okay never mind that Oh
green shine lady saw me but she didn't
okay thank God look at green jack yeah
pissed off I don't want to be invited
anyway you bloody Gates and the last one
here is purple Chan oh Jesus Christ you
under you that ass okay now be very
stealthy as you can see purple Chan
preparing the food opening the fridge
getting the bloody mayonnaise what are
you cooking that couple huh could be
hotdogs mini dogs you can suck on my
dogs with the polyester is that Emily
octopus dog what bloody shit is this
okay everybody shut up
okay this is no time for games okay we
need to wait until she puts down the
knife or Kayla's room and as you can see
she is using the knife and putting all
of her shit be fingerprints on it now if
we someone and the police come and ready
the dust off the fingerprints none will
be mine because I have the gloves but
but John's fingerprints will be on it
look at these bloody slots enjoying your
cooking club I did I never wanted to be
in cooking club anyway okay guys okay I
understand okay you've already got six
chairs okay my feelings motion he she is
she is serving the bloody octo dogs okay
now it's our bloody time snake snake
snake grab the knife now it's time to
bloody kill someone uh-oh
hello emo you okay uh yeah you look good
today
emo okay drop the weapon okay now it's
not time to leave school just yet okay
because there's still evidence on me my
gloves not very outfit need to change
huh okay so at the moment we are too
bloody dirty we need to go take a shower
go on yawn Dori take off the clothing uh
yeah you're hurt oh oh come on you're
dirty wash off or that blood
yeah there we go there we go oh shit she
are so clean now so put some more dad
day okay quit being a private private
okay we've still got the dirty clothes
and the dirty gloves okay we need to
plenty pass them
no as I dance run in the school naked I
don't care if they see my sexy ass okay
I will get Iran naked
okay now dump the gloves and bloody buy
them now I think all the evidence is
clean and purple John will bloody be
okay let's go home while waiting around
the school the teacher discovers a
corpse the teacher immediately calls the
police the teacher informs the rest of
the faculty about her discovery the
faculty do not allow any students to
leave the school unto a police
investigation a spear and placement area
one being right now the police arrive to
school lore'l investigation time the
police discovered the corpse of a Kia
Rio to the police find their
fingerprints of Cocoon
Oroku aka big dirty purple Jan Kakuna
a Gurukul is arrested by the police they
questioned the underage and back
they cannot link her through the crime
the police believe they have arrested
the perpetrator the investigation ends
their students are free to go home and
that lace gentlemen is how you frame
okay now that's pretty much it for
updates okay but someone told me to kill
someone like this oh I'm sorry greenie
Chan you bloody hope okay and they told
me to drag her body and then once I
dragged her body I could do that again
greenie chant green Chan please stop it
stop it greenie Chan okay well this is
uh this is normal this is um okay stop
right now
okay laser man apparently there is an
easter egg going on left you can see the
poopoo
okay the poopoo come to the big and old
school and investigate shit okay now how
you do this okay the police need to come
okay so someone needs to find this body
okay now we need to wait for them to
leave the school and call the boo boo
there we go okay now how you get this
easter egg okay just before the police
arrive you go into cinematic mode okay
like this and apparently the poopoo will
you better come I don't know what this
blue girl is doing here blue girl piss
off you're not the poopoo okay now we
wait we wait for the time boo boo boo
boo boo boo are you okay here we go five
four three two all right yeah now please
you're doing a good job aren't you just
standing there
bloody doing the moonwalk okay what do
you think of really Michael Jackson
maybe this is for like another update I
don't know maybe this was a secret okay
wasn't meant to be seen by our eyes okay
well Asha square isn't it okay I've been
recording for long okay but I've already
done all the stuff I need to do so is
there any new Easter eggs I don't know
what's the bloody sire No
okay now for that sake bollocks what
else could we do
oh my god okay just hair physics why not
okay ladies gentlemen I think I'm gonna
end up video here this is a bit of a
short episode okay but it's okay ladies
gentleman not as much stuff was updated
I probably should have waited for the
next update to do a video but I still
might fun leave a goddamn like it since
we hit 10,000 likes I'm gonna upload
another yandere simulator video it'll
probably be when the next up but is so I
don't why I'm asking you for likes cuz
that's when it's gonna be out but yeah
watch my other yandere simulator videos
those are really good okay and miss now
if you haven't okay
but yeah anyway guys oh hey guys are
watching and I will see you in the
garden is real man celerity guys love
you I bought some socks putting socks on
my hands great content this is odd
