hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is mr. selfie and today leizerman you
guys for the title we are playing jack
so yes ladies gentleman Assassin's Creed
released a new dlc where you get to
follow a story of Jack the Ripper Jack
the Ripper if you don't know he murdered
a bunch of bloody prostitutes bloody
officials oh bloody hell what's gonna
happen we're going to bloody well find
out my god for 20 years after the
assassins defeated the Templars in
London the city enjoyed a certain peace
Oh shitty in 1888 London is plunged into
shadow and fear by a series of gruesome
and unsolvable murders the brothels of
Whitechapel seem warm and safe by
comparison to its streets prostitutes
are being mutilated and left on
grotesque display for the world to ogle
Jacob Frye hunts the elusive killer to
bring an end to the terror of Jack the
Ripper oh that's badass
Jacob Jacob i'ma tell you one thing G
mr. Weaver's Brooke I know you have more
of the rippers lettuce look at all these
stay away from me stop publishing his
letters you've turned an unknown miss
Trent into a legend and that's exactly
what he wants
thank you thank God I found you
yes sir it's to rip up he's done it
again we go to assassinate him
Oh God Jacob Jacob takes down the bloody
assassino I mean a Jack the Ripper oh no
what have they done okay are you stupid
how okay we wouldn't kill him huh
now go take this running oh shit are we
gonna do some titty sucking let's run
what look how old Jacob is there's no
longer a little boy Jacob is a bloody
old man
should've believed Jacob oh my god
sure the Ripper I will hunt you down oh
we get to play a shot to report Jack
with the master of terrorism follow
Jacob Taylor break that today folks I
got one of them battle shit we're
playing a strike to rip up hmm
this is badass hi I'm Jack the Ripper
that's right
what are you guys looking at her I would
bloody kill you all of you that's right
run a little fatty I will gut every last
one of them if that's the quickest
whitey oh my goodness what's happening
attack Jax Tara over London is based on
his useless fear one of Jack's fear
tools is the brew to take down Jason
Jason
Oh shame quiesce that's Namor oh my god
okay we'll clear out this phone jack did
not compromise his life by killing
random civilians
well my track record did so uh piss off
Jake enemies react to the rippers terror
in three states calm anxious or
frightened fear actions make enemies
anxious then frightened or shitty inhale
deeply scream
I just mailed to spike to him this is
bloody scary up Jack the Ripper what's
he gonna plan it into the policeman stop
stop can I kill me no I don't know who
to win I don't know who I want to win
Oh Jacob this is Lamar this is my Creed
wait Jack the Ripper's no sassy no oh
shit no kill Jacob he must die let em
eagle vision hmm oh my god the Jack the
Ripper's are bloody si Senora
Jacob where are you going up let's take
him he's getting away
get it all right back to your hole Joey
back to your own little mouse oh I'm
Jack the Ripper
Jesus Christ this is so badass I love it
I love it so much
oh shit going somewhere Jacob or we
followed them Jack you're sick oh no
Jack don't kill Jacob please oh shit
Jacobs to OD guys handle Jack the Ripper
don't you see the irony brother Jack
only you know who the Ripper is but you
can't tell a living soul because it
would destroy you and the assassins he's
a bloody assassin
shoot him go that's right go Jacob
Jack fix me I am the solution the reaper
lordy Jack the Ripper's gonna kill us
all this DLC is absolutely one month
later
oh shit where's Evie and all this India
what Evie
why exactly have you had me escorted
here my men and I have been hunting the
RIP around the clock for months now
we've nothing to show for it it's
nothing I can tell the public to do with
me as far as I know you may be the last
assassin in London what what do you mean
where's Jacob where's Jacob your brother
is nowhere to be found even as an
elusive shadow is committing the most
hideous crimes this city has ever seen
and you believe this is no coincidence
the killer is selective and
dispassionate and has left not a single
trace of his passage you think Jacob is
dead I dare not believe it but if he is
you may be the only person who can stop
the Ripper now
oh we must kill we must kill Jack the
Ripper boy not against us all listen I
just came here from bloody India okay
listen peasants okay I'm trying to
bloody kill a killer okay
fuck what's going on down here what are
you two doing
you bloody kiss tick on the bloody
Fatty's net bloody - house key see yes
it's a bloody dirty back-alley hole he's
like caressing the face oh yeah baby I
want a piece of that ass he's like yeah
I love beer that ass oh yeah look at
that ass Oh discovered spotting the
booty and she's like oh okay so where we
going now reach the murder scene what
what happened
wah-ha-ha-ha look at this guy playing
football listen you'll never play for
Manchester United you bloody gate this
is where the Ripper murdered Mary Allen
Nichols that poor little girl what's
this blood blood on the floor I will
expect this blood this looks like blood
yes that's right evey god damn it you're
so smart time of death three months ago
multiple wounds poor Marianne this blood
a hammer
mmm shitty would expect strange black
place for a blood stain Oh shitty oh
shit look at this she stopped here put
the hand Brent she fell crawled and she
bloody well died assassins ring-a-ring
that's only sworn assassins ring an
assassin's ring what she must have
tossed it away during the struggle
listen I'll toss you off in a minute
inspector a Polly needs your help
the whip Astaire has inspired a wave of
crime from petty thievery took copycat
killings Whitechapel has become a place
or brutal savagery bounty hunt close the
fight clubs and carriage of justed
activities are now available guard out
this dlc is so awesome so now I'm
playing it's very easy from the bloody
year 1888 shitty apparently a wave of
crime has believed wish right Chapel but
these guys have bloated partying like
its prey 1999
all right crimes over come on guys
crimes over get out of it that's right
very good okay so this is the map of the
bloody Jack the Ripper okay so you can
only go in the City of London or in
Whitechapel okay and there is three new
activities to do so we've got the City
of London Fight Club we've got the City
of London slow carriage escape okay and
we have got a kidnapping mission
oh so it's pretty much the exact same
thing but it's reskin okay but uh we
shall do them okay okay so the mission I
want to do is the Whitechapel wanted for
kidnapping David Jack amends okay let's
find this bloody gay wait can I do a
brutal takedown oh my god okay okay here
we are we are at the bounty hunt okay so
it seems like it's the exact same thing
as the normal thing why am I doing this
okay I mean locate David Jack Amyx and
bring back the target alive David where
are you there you bloody well are level
should be that wasn't there before I can
assassinate this guy with a brutal
takedown let's do it
oh my god oh my god okay that's pretty
brutal okay oh shit tonight matter the
rock joined murderer me now don't
believe spear Joe yeah there we go
please
okay all things are very hard okay come
on David come on David we stopped riding
okay we all know how this is going to
end
listen don't let me shoot you in the
back kill you or who said that huh
wouldn't you it's off you bloody day
okay I delivered the guy okay I did it
okay same thing same thing as the other
game all right what do you want for me
look I'll pay the grand for it Jesus
Christ like an elephant next box okay
now let's do the new Whitechapel Fight
Club
okay now hopefully it is different it's
gonna be the exact same thing is this
Fight Club taking place in a back alley
fuck up find it hello Christmas oh my
goodness what has the world come to why
am i doing The Fight Club how is this
helping to save Jack the Ripper it
doesn't matter
I have to frighten enemies see it is
different come on you bloody oh oh okay
this is level 11
okay I'm never level I'm like a gun
we'll bring the gun to a fistfight huh
you bring the knife to a fistfight
oh my god oh my god Oh what is this I
will see this okay executed oh my god Oh
Oh No No please don't kill me okay oh
okay well this is not gonna oh
this game is very hard I don't
understand I'm supposed to frighten them
okay okay oh yeah goodness sake really
I'm breaking their arms and legs and
they're not getting frightened okay come
on I'm killing which elite like so many
of your people and you're not getting
frightened okay well that's the new
Fight Club
I guess should we just do a story
mission I'm not gonna lie I didn't put
any thought of how I wanted to do this
video I guess I guess we should do a
story mission uh uh uh yeah shit let's
go feeding the pigeons well
why is he not dead he's not dead
hospital av how dare you did you not
read the prompt assassins did not kill
policemen I have two little kids hello
darkness my old friend no I'm sorry sir
but thank you for the 30 pounds okay
alright coming out the way out of the
way trying to kill the trying to kill
the president I mean the president the
Hasina guys please alright this sir
I tried to kill John the Ripper then
tell the policeman I'm on the team oh
shit they're like listen you've got just
blood but no I please very quickly help
me help me help me set up this hour
quickly play the mission piss off
policeman I'm in a mission now listen I
believe we got to go we got to go okay
so the mission right now is to find out
what okay so what's the mission again
reach Jacobs lodgings what the bloody
shit is that Mina Jacob Jake are you
here what happened to Jacob we must find
the clothes to find Jacob seven clues
really come on now Carly the destroyer I
gave this to you on your last visit to
India oh that's nice
I later Nellie maintained in the brothel
what are we gonna go to a broth see some
bloody meat please the story's got got
interesting so far this bomb will
provide fear okay
okay off to see some titties that
dissolve babies these guys are leaning
on these guys are a waste of London's
time yeah yeah it is here I can't do
this Oh what what are you what is this
two girls doing up look at this guy and
he's pretty two women he's a bloody play
look at him and they say this old
woman's hair like oh hello darling would
you like some titties to step on tonight
bloody on these two bloody girls look at
them
let's mean shit I like it hello madam
would you like to have some work look at
this guy is like oh hello darling would
you like to suck on my willy recruit
prostitutes
Oh oh shit he's not interested
he's bloody gay oh here she is Nellie
that's what we need - fun right nothing
ok I'm in now to find Nellie oh shit
look what is this bloody a TV show a
live TV show what's going on okay stop
okay it's fine it's a cut scene okay
lady you must kill her to find him
Oh shitty I need to find this girl's no
particular killer this guard to find
Jack okay is this this is a trip is
Muffy or I'll tell the Ripper where you
sleep 9000 shitty they're gonna they're
gonna do to Nelly taking you out back
for a quick shag okay I'm gonna do this
mission anymore guys this is Jack the
Ripper do see a lot of mission stuff
okay now what I'm gonna do probably okay
is I'm gonna next I'm gonna do it
probably another video on this where we
are fast-forward to like they're ending
missions
okay cuz hopefully we kill Jack the
Ripper
okay but yeah I'm liking this DLC so far
not so story base stuff okay so not
great for videos but yeah let me know in
the comments if you want me to do more
let's try it 10,000 likes if we do I'll
do more I really want to okay but it's
up to you guys anyway guys I was that
guys so much watching and I'll see you
guys
the next video Matthew later guys I love
you with all my heart good I yeah
