if you throw at your dreams for
fulfilled before you need to come on
back yeah oh look walked in the door
it's parappa the right way my name is
paws I'm known the MC for free over cars
if you be at the loss and a larger drop
do you need to pray for parappa the
rapper to save the day and make you
scream horrible job for this nation we
are back with parappa the rapper do
ladies gentlemen now a lot of hate was
in the last episode I don't know why no
one commented said they hated it but
everyone disliked it okay but you know
what it's my youtube channel
okay this game was the shit when I was a
baby okay so I don't give a shit what
you get thing nowadays you're spoiled
okay this game was the shit it meant a
lot to me this game back in the day so
I'll make another video on it one more
video on it okay
I had a lot of fun last episode leave a
goddamn like if you did okay no German
but let's continue okay let's do level
four okay I must get the story cuz the
story gets bloody weird okay we'll turn
you into a real man okay let's get this
shit okay now listen carefully
oh my name is moose ASA has additionally
been except my grandpa my grandma mom
and dad were all mean and stuck oh we do
like it I doesn't mean I want you to do
exactly as I say okay I want you to come
up with your own
we're gonna keep going until you do we
so come on now
what movie sure yeah oh shit hello Emily
yeah Musha Musha paper girl that says
that I'm not sure if I should be
offended by that Oh a job ever girl
Alicia are you Jude in the Smith
hamburger ah see job done
oh oh this is so hard
I'm gonna eat now get up
all the way
remember and with teeth go leave any no
matter me
yes
you wanna carry down for all your
adventures sure I'll be nope take it
shall we yes more we should go typical
movie should take your pictures
stereotypical black mousse but oh my
goodness how could you not like this
game
it just makes you want to bloody dogs
okay let's do level five okay biddies
okay what are we doing now going to a
hairdresser store everyone's heads
turning it to noodles why what is with
this game a noodles oh yeah what is the
original octopuses hairdresser octopus
he's giving everyone I froze yeah let's
see who can create the battle this time
what fuck it better not sound like me
play your own side okay you win a little
everybody's hand okay but but but I've
never cut nobody's here before believe
you're gonna believe I know
oh okay I like it
oh my gosh
down the line chief shall I move it I'm
non-stop
what's good
yes hey who do like this that's pretty
good
you take money money to Jesus Christ
this game I just love it just I just it
just makes me happy just playing this
game just makes me happy
I'm so glad I could make videos just on
this just okay level six apparently shit
okay so let's just do number seven okay
ah the flour noodles on the groove
okay don't skip it are let's just skip
this shit oh shit yeah yeah yeah a
little slippery thing tastes so good
time like this stay with me out here we
go in disease let me specify clearly no
matter what the deal I crave for this
deal I'm so cold let your Biden
spaghetti gosh sweeter than damn it
comes my direct actions as my followers
morning know you all love it lucky I
love we are loving the market melody in
about it
Chinese Thai or Jamaica Mexican English
Korea anything goes anything goes
alas the miles can't be beat oh whoa
what DJ DJ Reba
come on you like way up above cuz here I
come y'all oh my god what is - you
anything kappa tasty cut red potato
crust extremist again these can be a boy
red potatoes
oh yeah you're right I'm up for some
noodle sushi okay my lips that's what
noodles are though Jesus that was hard
at the end okay guys I'm gonna video
here thank you guys for sharing some
time with me with this game like this
game
that means a lot to me okay guys so
thank you for respecting that
oh my guys I will fit guys so much
watching leave a like if you enjoyed
rapping along with me okay I love this
game so much and yeah I don't think I
saw watching I'll see you in the garden
mix for your master Larry guys love you
back
