hello everyone how was it one doing it
is much a selfie today we are gonna be
reacting to llama Ott's animations yet
again now I've make two videos reacting
to llama arts before and you guys
absolutely love them so please please
please if you haven't subscribed to
llama rights go over to their YouTube
channel down in the description click
subscribe on to llama rights okay and
also subscribe to mr. nightmare alright
because this is the guy that's voicing
these videos and la Mars is animating
them okay the first spooky animation
that we're going to be watching is true
home alone stories okay so this guy's at
home okay
chilling and then something scary
happens in this alright
true home alone stories oh my goodness
it's the true story guys okay I recently
moved out and I already have a horror
story to tell story the house I moved
into isn't anything impressive look just
a house that's appropriate for one or
two people it's just a house but I'd say
right away I started hearing weird
sounds coming from inside the walls
oh it first heard it in the kitchen and
then in the bathroom
but on night 3 I started hearing it in
my bedroom what I was sure there was
some kind of animal living in my walls
yeah I just had to figure out how to get
rid of it next morning I didn't even
have enough milk to fill the bowl of
cereal oh ok I couldn't believe I hadn't
realized I needed more milk wait in fact
I seem to be eating up all my food
pretty fast food french the bloody fat
shit Beaman I woke up in the middle of
that night to the sound of breathing my
breathing sounded just like a breathing
of a person I flicked the lamp on and it
stopped oh it sucked it up as my mind
playing tricks on me at all no no no
it's not my next day was really hot so I
turned on the AC for the first time ok I
checked every single vent and some of
them weren't blowing any air okay one of
them being the vent right next to my bed
I peered through the vent with a
flashlight it wasn't even a duct behind
the vent what it was just the inside of
the wall there's nothing it seemed that
whatever air duct was in there had been
removed unfortunately I didn't look into
the air conditioning system while buying
the house Oh didn't know about this idea
at night I had to sleep in the heat with
no AC no so I was up pretty late
constantly rolling around and flipping
the pillow over it's like it's late and
I eventually started to hear the
breathing again but this time I was
fully awake no we and your look was real
this time
nose was coming to my left Oh looked to
my left your vents the sound was surely
coming from them there I grabbed the
flashlight it shined it in through the
vent no I dropped it and screamed there
was someone's face peering through the
cracks of the vents first thing I saw
were their eyes opened wide and glowing
yeah
I screamed all the way down and out the
house what no I soon found out there was
a crazy dangerous homeless man living in
my walls and he had been eating my food
ever since I moved in they bought a
house with a hobo okay come on that's
more funny than it is scary okay I mean
I can imagine it would be kind of scary
alright some random hobo rights stealing
your food or shit and shit living in the
back of your house but yeah what kind of
idiot alright didn't even realise those
in the hobo living in your own house I
mean it's kind of kind of creepy but you
know it's not like a demon or anything
it's just some dumb ass hobo okay
well that story was you know I mean I
mean I can believe it it's kind of true
you know but yeah alright let's just
move on to the next one or the next
animation that we're good at watching is
scary Ouija board stories now if you
guys don't know what a Ouija board is it
is basically a board with a
bunch of letters on the board and people
use that to speak to demons spirits
ghost-like and stuff like that alright
that's something that I would never do
alright actually if this video reaches a
hundred thousand likes I'm gonna make a
dedicated video using a Ouija board and
trying to talk to ghosts alright but
yeah let's watch this alright scary
stories okay this is a real story so
scary I would never touch a Ouija board
ever since I can remember we've always
had one of those old vintage Parker
brother Rishi board sitting in our
closet collecting dust why when I was a
kid I always wondered what it was from
the box it seems like a horrible board
do you know what kind of one day I found
out what a Ouija board really yeah yeah
and immediately dug it out of the closet
I insisted on my brother trying it out
with me what and eventually got him to
play along do this kind of thing alright
just mean I've seen the company ok we
put our hands on the planchette and I do
it in asking the typical cliche question
yeah yes is there anybody there
anybody that can you answer me coffee me
other than my brother jokingly moving
the planchette around independent he
didn't answer from some kind of entity
there was no real response but Danny
ever get bored we put the game back in
the box ok I came out of the research
that night to find out how to make Ouija
boards work many people said online that
the most ideal environment when using a
Ouija ball is in a dark room not only
lit by candles No so when my parents
weren't home I managed to gather like
six or seven cameras and convince my
brother to try it one more don't do it
don't do it candles and set them around
the table in the dining room they're
doing it we tried one more time okay I
asked again if there was anybody there
if anybody there the planchette began to
move I told my brother talk about moving
it how long he swore he wasn't I told
him to move his hand away and he did
they kept moving I thought I was messing
with him but I didn't pay attention
the planchette landed on the word yes
yet for what was only nine so I was
legitimately shitting myself the brother
had to take over oh yes the question are
you a good spirit or you were good
spirit it was a five-second pause before
my brother's hand moved along with the
planchette to the word no what we both
looked at each other and at this point I
ran to my room and shut the door oh I
heard his muffled voice come from down
in the dining doing it by himself all of
a sudden I heard him screaming at the
top of his lungs I ran back downstairs
to see what was wrong
he was holding up his shirt revealing a
small open wound that almost looks like
a claw mark he told me to set the
fireplace immediately and I obeyed he
threw the thing in the fireplace and
told me to never speak of what happened
to anybody we have never used a Ouija
board since never speak of this again
okay the shit I've seen the people that
I saw oh my goodness oh my what a scary
ah story yeah yeah Ouija boards I would
never touch that okay I would never
think that's a fun good idea I mean I'll
do it for a YouTube video you know if I
get 100,000 likes but now I do in that
shit okay you think I'm gonna mess with
the bloody on the side of the demon wall
okay I ain't going anywhere near
anywhere near that shit okay
alright the next horror animation that
we're gonna be watching is called deep
web experience if you guys don't know
what the Deep Web is you can either you
know watch my video where I played a
game about the Deep Web I know I
explained it pretty well on that but
basically the Deep Web is where you know
some creepy things happen you know like
drug trading you know like human
trafficking basically illegal like
activity happens on like the Deep Web
and you can't access it unless you know
you do some weird things you know don't
don't do it for yourself okay you know
you'll get viruses
you'll get hacked you might die okay but
yeah and this person went on the Deep
Web let's see their experience I was on
tour trying to find some really deep web
sites okay I was in a chat room where
people normally shared links to
per website so weird pictures and videos
don't currently illegal pornography huh
some guy named vintage xxx posted a link
without describing what it was I clicked
on quickly and took me to a black screen
where a big video box eventually popped
up all a button do not create cries
darkroom only lit by TVs call do not
click clearly I see I clicked play and
began to hear the sound of TV static in
the background as lines of static slowly
swam down the video screen what there
was no seek bar in this video then I
noticed something slowly begin to emerge
from behind the wall oh my god it was a
figure dressed in all black with some
kind of black mask on as well what I
started to suspect it was a jump-scare
video and I thought I was right lady
figure leaped out and ran to the screen
less than a second it still got me even
though I was expecting it but then it
got strange the person had their face in
front of the screen slowly moving around
as if he could see me observing me no
because I heard a crack lead demonic
voice say something it came from the
video what a fight it repeated itself
and I can make the phrase out to be what
ask me something ask me something I was
really confused
I tried typing something but there was
nowhere to enter text then he said no
not the keyboard what say something no
no way I felt my heart knows that as my
chest as he said this no I opened my
mouth and mumbled the words you can hear
me it just webcam on and responded with
yes scary man ok imagine it like some
video is talking to you you know imagine
basically you're like saying hello and
I'm not ok you know how you do it and
then you're not doing good number ok
that sounds interesting ok now shut up
ok let me continue with my video it's so
it's the equivalent of me talking back
to you that's scary man messing with
that shit ok yeah do not go on the Deep
Web this is scary you can
me you can hear me they'd responded with
yes computer I thought it was a video
I pressed pause but it didn't do
anything no he said don't try to leave I
want to talk but I've tried to meet him
the mouse to the exit button I've chosen
its bro fact none of the keys were
responding on my keyboard there's a long
moment of silence before my webcam began
flashing know we're on and my face
popped up on the screen there I got a
picture of you now come on while I get
your address computer dark wet no just
hang on while I get your address and
then we can mean I started to panic this
man I have already in the floor dodging
the mouse but it did nothing for your
laptop I had my finger on the power
button but it also didn't do anything
ah the computer wouldn't turn off the
voice was seeing crazy things like
you're stuck here oh I will find you
what even bother oh my god oh my god
it's next the screwdrivers sitting on my
desk unscrewed the four screws on the
bottom of my laptop and took out the
battery oh the computer finally turned
off Wow I was gasping for air as if I
just ran a marathon
Oh scary heart was pounding five times
as fast as it should have
I have since left my laptop off after
that and have resorted to using my
desktop as my main not gonna rock top
not sure by now nothing will happen he
definitely didn't have enough time to
get my address
oh but please have your baby on your
back now we're gonna go oh my word yeah
yeah that's the scariest shit man there
are some scary evil people out in this
world alright and these people you know
they're hanging out on the dark web okay
and yeah I got time to be messing around
we saw people right
these guys can no stay on the internet
stay in their bedrooms a bunch of losers
alright I got time to be talking to some
random man on the Internet okay that's
shit scary okay yeah do not go on the
dark web man that that's that that's too
too scary for me man alright the next
animation
we're gonna be watching is house-sitting
horror stories alright now this is
basically the equivalent of being home
alone but you're home alone in someone
else's house and you're meant to be
looking after it alright now this is
probably very scary okay I hate being
alone especially in some random person's
house
alright let's watch it holy shit I'm
recording this video and my internet
just went out just in the middle of
recording this this horror video about
the Deep Web and stuff like that my
internet is cut out I just wanna just
want a guide for you guys point out that
my never my internet never ever ever
cuts out like ever don't you think
that's kind of weird that the one time
that I'm recording this video my
internet cuts out okay I'm gonna have to
record a bit later oh my goodness Cait
that's a bit weird
oh I made this back sorry about that
guy's kind of scary alright I hope I'm
not getting hacked or anything like that
but yeah house settings horror stories a
couple weeks ago my dad came home and
pitched me a small job offer one of his
co-workers was going away for a few days
and how did somebody he could trust to
watch over his house
oh no the reason my dad pitched this to
me was because the man's house has a big
CCTV system oh basically a camera in
every room and then an operating desk
where all screens could be watched on a
big monitor Friday vibe shit basically a
camera in every room and then an
operating desk where all screens could
be watched on a big monitor and I'm a
computer science major so my dad just
assumes that I know how to work anything
technological yes I'm the man told my
dad that he'd pay me $200 for the two
days just to watch the house doulas
whatever that meant okay yeah I mean I
would do $200 to stay in someone's house
or I eat that free food and shit okay
yes right 200 laws I'll do it my dad
drove me to that house and introduced me
to the man whose name doesn't matter
okay the man made it seem like he
preferred as stay in the upstairs room
with the monitors as opposed to roaming
the house all day why is he god that was
fine with me though so when I wasn't so
much security he is sitting in that room
with the TV on in the back
okay school work on my laptop ironically
the thing I was doing the least was
keeping an eye on the monitors oh oh no
oh no night came
oh I started wondering where in the
house I should sleeps and surprisingly
we hadn't discussed them so I sat back
down at the desk and looked at all the
different rooms on the screens to see
which rooms had beds or couches oh I
noticed something I wasn't expecting to
notice though what the back screen door
was open downstairs oh oh I didn't
remember it being open no I looked
through each and every camera screen in
a panic oh no no no in the living room a
closet door was open
what this one I knew wasn't open or a
lot I texted my dad to call the man and
ask him if he came back home while I
continued watching the skull now don't
tell me that someone on the grainy dark
image tall person who resembled only a
black shadow on-screen stepped out from
the closet shit I pulled my arms off the
desk as I covered my mouth with my hands
and shot my wad as I did this however my
left elbow pulled some heavy objects
from the desk onto the floor creating a
big thud no the person in the image very
clearly moved there slowly
it went for the stairs
very very slowly step by step meanwhile
I got a text back from my dad saying no
he's not I just spoke to him hey dad why
oh I got so caught up in my phone
texting my dad just said that I didn't
even pay attention to the monitor I
looked at it and then the screens the
first screen I laid my eyes on was the
one showing the person outside the door
to the room I was oh no and I remembered
that door had no luck the only thing I
could think to do was jump out the
window into the bushes below to go jump
I ran halfway down oh god why adopt when
my dad called me cool I had him call his
friend and asked him if he was expecting
somebody in the house yeah
the man said he had no relatives or
friends who had his key or would ever
let themselves into his home whoa hold
the cops and had them review the footage
yeah yeah watch all of it and it showed
everything Wow from the moment the
intruder broke the glass of the backyard
door to the moment I jumped out the
window and him running away shortly
after all we've ran away the intruder
was never found what the footage was
just too dark to identify so we got away
he got away you're just gonna all the
CCTV cameras in your house take all that
mine to install that shit and you catch
the guy that came into your house of
trying robbing and stealing it all right
I mean like this I want to know the
backstory about this guy that he's
house-sitting who has a whole CCTV in
place all right and like who who came to
the house you know they must have knew
that they were on vacation or something
you know and why is this person need
their house to be sad I feel like the
person's house you know the guy is
hiding something
you know because yeah because I don't
believe that like he doesn't have
enemies you know clearly someone knew
that he wasn't gonna be there man that's
kind of creepy a man stay in some random
person's house and then that particular
night it gets robbed or burgled I don't
even know that's a scary man that is
that is a very scary story
all right the next animation that we're
gonna be watching is the motel all right
now I have never stayed in a motel
before all right but some of these
motels they get in America are so dingy
and so creepy all right that's the
reason why I would never set foot in a
motel all right but let's watch it the
motel oh my goodness man I love these
videos they're so scary man
all right such weird things happen to
people I was 19 years old at our time
not making any sketchy Motel ah the
motel was pretty rundown and the
majority of people who stayed there were
locals that were just doing things that
weren't supposed to be doing uh let's
just say the kaabah a while multiple
times a week
I worked as both a front desk person
checking in these creeps all hours of
the night and as a housekeeper he's got
to clean up their nasty vomit smelling
rooms F
ah one afternoon I was working as a
housekeeper in the second building of
the motel on the backside for this video
what's gonna happen hated working over
there because it not only had the most
worn down rooms but it was always pretty
vacant over there and way too quiet for
comfort oh I began cleaning one of my
last rooms and wanted to get done in a
hurry because it was getting late if you
go I was watching the mirror in the room
that I was cleaning and all of a sudden
I saw a man in the reflection staring at
me what he was mid-50s dirty with long
greasy hair startled that screamed oh my
god yeah I told him he scared me
the room I was currently cleaning was
vacant so there was no reason why he's
gonna get a lecture me clean however we
just had a meeting on customer
satisfaction and my boss was really
pressuring us to be more polite and help
the guests any way we could give a shit
what is creepy I'll smile in this room
then I'm helping him if he's doing
something they should be doing
get rid of creepy Oz man man sir I asked
him cautiously huh can I get you
anything else yeah man just stared back
at me with a crooked grin and held out
his hands to me I thought maybe he was
handing me a tip for cleaning his room
earlier but when I looked down I saw you
was holding a hundred dollar bill huh
daughter alarms started going off in my
head oh no one tips a hundred dollars on
a $40 a night room oh the man just
smiled and said his name was Terry
Harris Eddie was staying in the room
next door with his wife Cherie sweetie
joked about their names rhyming he
smelled like car oil and alcohol when I
asked him why he was trying to hand me
$100 ya left deep in his throat and said
be my wife were watching you oh I just
wanted to have fun with you I felt like
my heart jumped into my throat no I
can't do that sir I'm sorry I wanted to
run out of the room screaming but he was
blocking the door my only exit say no no
the man smiled again taking on a softer
tone of voice oh I didn't mean to come
into his room to meet his wife no to
talk his friends no I nervously told him
no again yeah and I had a lot of work to
do for the day
I prayed to God he would just go away
eventually you did
he grunted and walked off and what I
assumed to be the direction of his mom I
couldn't describe creepy you got in to
get out might begin racing there is no
wife I thought this man he hidden at me
oh no I was 110 pounds at the time and
not very strong
I could easily overpower Oh No I locked
the room from the inside and went
directly to the phone to call my man
okay good phone wasn't working adrenalin
began pumping through my veins and
despite what I was always told not to do
I was panicking
I would align no I thought this is this
is a crappy motel it happens all the
time I just have to get out I remembered
that I had my cell phone out on my
housekeeping card but that was outside
the locks door Oh No I'd have to open
the door to get it just wrong
I cautiously opened the door to the room
that I was coming out I didn't see
anyone so I frantically began searching
for Coco Coco go get your phone a phone
get your phone I was wasting too much
time looking come on I just decided to
run as fast as I could and make a break
for the front desk in runnings then from
behind me I heard the man again but this
time you screaming to someone else
she's running she's getting away I could
hear his shoes slamming against the
pavement after me Wow
I quickly turned the corner grab my key
card and let myself into a stockroom and
lock the door Oh within moments I heard
the sound of the dirty guy and someone
else running outside searching for me
there's another guy I stayed in that
stockroom for 30 minutes shaking one so
I could no longer hear him searching for
me I finally got the courage to run the
rest of the way to the front desk oh my
god I made it there I collapsed into my
boss's arms and he called the paw Man
and whoever else was in the room with
him peeled out before the cops could
arrive Oh beyond shaken up according to
the police who ran a search this wasn't
the first time he had done something
like this and he was actually wanted for
sexual assaults gross sexual imposition
on the past was once charged with rape
oh my gosh a few weeks later on what
happened to be my birthday
this guy was caught
Oh a few weeks after that I quit yeah Oh
we'll never again work at another motel
oh my god that guy was actually going to
kill or like very hot woman oh my
goodness like like that's a situation
where if she didn't do exactly what she
did she would have gone through an awful
awful experience oh my word that that's
that's a real-life horror story right
there okay yeah I don't like all these
horror stories about like ghosts and
demons okay the people that I'm scared
about most is this creepy ass men
especially that guy handing $100 oh what
a pervert disgusting man okay I'm glad
that he's cool all right what a
disgusting man or the next animation
already watching is called the bathroom
stall slash Airport all right so I'm
guessing something scary happened in an
airport you know I don't really think
airports are that scary all right unless
you're scared of flying but yeah let's
just watch it okay the bathroom stall
how spooky we'll be okay how spooky
whoopee all right you're taking a shit
all right and then all of a this area be
a few months ago few months one six I
was at JFK Airport in New York with five
friends all right
I almost were about to fly down to
Florida to spend the week in a beach
house okay we had a few more minutes to
kill in the airport before we would
board our flight and I really had to go
to the bathroom all of a sudden oh he's
the shit I was baffled to see a line out
the door for the bathroom my fault I
noticed a janitor walking by so I asked
her if there was another bathroom nearby
that wouldn't be so crowded oh no really
she shouldn't really be telling people
there was another bathroom tested or she
was pointing I would go down down a
narrow flight of stairs and to the left
no they thanked her because she was
extremely nice and followed the
direction she gave don't trust on the
cop sure enough behind that door that no
one would think to open was a small
stairway that led down to a really
poorly lit skinny hall oh that looks
creepy so narrow that if two people were
to pass by each other one person would
have to stand against the wall to make
Oh
I found the bathroom right away oh no it
was extremely heavy and hard to push
also the lights were on inside of the
bathroom and it was filthy in there oh
it was evident that nobody ever really
came in there to clean yeah clearly now
this is a little embarrassing to mention
but when I go to the bathroom in public
places I always try to make sure nobody
else is around to possibly hear me go so
after checking the stall to see that it
was unoccupied okay I went back into the
hallway for a second to take a look down
both directions and there was no one to
the left there was somebody standing at
the end of the hall no dark unlit
section of the hallway but it was a
disturbing sight to say the least
oh it's just all I could do was
awkwardly pull my head back into the
bathroom and tried to pretend we didn't
see each other do you think it's another
guy that wants to get into the stall and
just stood there biting my fingers for a
minute why he's writing the thought of
that door opening yes it did
oh no okay all right I saw the man's
black shoes under the stall door as he
walked to the stall next to mine
oh no he shut the door and then there
was silence Oh scary just some guy sound
to the man unzipping his fly or sitting
down oh nothing
oh I realized I didn't really have to go
anymore you want to unlock the spoiler
that's when I looked up and saw the
man's head peering over the stall
looking at me I nearly had a heart
attack as my screams bounced off the
walls of the tiny bathroom I ran back up
those damn steps and out that door and
then casually walks back over to my
friends oh it was breathing hard but
nobody seemed to notice I didn't tell
anyone just because it was embarrassing
and I didn't want my friends to make fun
of me in any way oh I know I guess that
seems stupid now we went on to have our
Florida vacation and all had a good time
without it
of course the thought of that creepy man
haunted me every night that he I mean
what's so creepy about him you know he
just it was just some little perv
looking at you know you taking a poo you
know that's it he's just it was just
some dude I mean I don't think it's that
scary I think the story made it sound
really scary but I mean come on now it
was just a creepy bathroom you know
where some guy wanted it wonder watch
you take a poo okay well I don't know I
don't think is that scary what do you
guys think
all right guys these horror stories are
too much from me all right so we're just
gonna be watching one last one and this
one's called true night marish stories
or I that just sounds scary
all right let's just watch it abandoned
house at night I'll never forget any
time me and my brother snuck out past
our bedtime to explore an allegedly
haunted house down the block wait what
what yes I said bedtime as I was only 10
and my brother Luke was only 12 Oh when
her parents said goodnight to us I went
to loop through took a couple hand
powered flashlights with us and hopped
outside through the window I wouldn't do
that from 20 years old now and these
guys are doing as bloody children I'm
sneaking out of my house especially to
check out no haunted house what kind of
demon kids do kind kinds of things like
this I went to Luke's room and we took a
couple hand powered flashlights with us
and hopped outside through the window
life curtain and luckily his room was on
the first floor
oh those hand powered flashlights worked
by constantly pushing in a little
trigger that would create light inside
the length oh I factored in the life
they were noisy as hell but they were
convenient once we were outside you just
walked down the block and in two minutes
we were there oh no it was rumoured by
all the neighborhood kids and teens that
the place was haunted okay everything
about it was creepy the older more
antique design of the house the
isolation from the rest of the houses
broken windows and rotting wood okay it
seemed perfect for a horror movie Oh
went around to the backyard
oh this was all my curious and confident
brothers idea oh I was scared shitless
yeah the door was locked as expected
okay I felt a bit of relief thinking we
might just go home just go home go home
ade a shocking movement oh oh
plank of wood Chris Oh smashing on the
already chipped window Oh eventually
there was enough of an opening to unlock
it I'll slide it up completely No we
hopped inside and began kratos noise yes
lights oh no they were very neatly after
entering the house we both picked up on
the fact that it was like 90 degrees in
there it's really hot was odd as it was
a September night in the mid 70s Oh what
happened there's no graffiti or anything
anywhere in fact it was relatively empty
besides a few pieces of furniture that
were completely not worth taking a lot
of someone in here it seemed we were the
first to enter the house shockingly
or at least from the back uh-oh he went
upstairs to the main floor from the
little den area Oh continued cranking
the flashlights when we heard the
slightest crack in the floorboards from
right above us oh shit we both jumped I
touched for Luke to leave someone that
told me the place is old as hell it's
just house noises oh no I stopped
cranking the flashlight at this part of
it and I urged the luke to do the slow
but he only called me stupid for
suggesting something so ridiculous then
there was another crack in the
floorboards from above us
No oh no girls no I didn't want to go up
there but I was not about to stay down
there alone behind him to the upstairs
oh no I was a door that led to a room
right above where we were standing I
begged him not to open it he must have
just wanted to be the big tough older
brother all hope he dies we tied for the
doorknob while still cranking the noisy
flashlight oh then he stopped I was
confused I could see in the dark he was
moving his ear up against the door
listening for something okay silence
okay then and that was deafening at
nightmare-inducing moment of my life
what a single bang on the door from the
other side my brother staggering into
the wall in pain covering his ear no we
dropped the flashlights and wrench
straight out the back door was someone
in that we were so loud when we got back
that our parents found us out oh no what
happens but they naturally didn't care
pounded us both for a week yeah sneaking
out last night I woke to the sound of
something from outside my window glares
brightness sneaking in through my
slightly opened blind what i sat up and
my heart sank when I realized it was the
sound of the crank - my flashlight I
stood up and looked out the window and
that's when it stopped there was another
black nasaw - that i woke the next day
barely remembering what happened and I
still hope today that that part was just
a dream what I mean okay so I'm they
just went to some guy's house which they
thought was abandoned but clearly it
wasn't someone was there you know but
that second part that is kind of scary
you know they got that flashlight back
and knew where they lived I mean okay
that that is kind of creepy now I think
about a bit yeah but what kind of dumb
crazy kids go out in the hot in haunted
houses yeah I mean they asking for
trouble then Jesus Christ
okay ladies German I'm gonna end the
video there that was me reacting to you
know a llama hearts animations yet again
please please please go subscribe to
YouTube channel all right she is an
amazing amazing YouTube channel and
she's trying out different content at
the moment okay so like I think she
needs like like loads of support at the
moment you know cuz you know I love I
love their videos and I would love to
see more of them and yeah of course go
subscribe to miss the nightmare too
because he's the one voicing all these
videos but either way though I hope you
guys enjoyed my reaction to them alright
and I'll see you in the next video man
slowly guys buh-bye
