hey dude do you know Wonderwall today is
gonna be the day that you're gonna die
right now
good evening ma'am hello sir hello
Walker okay just a normal day in this
place okay okay I need to get
what's that none you want to be with
Jesus in heaven well I am your Lord and
Savior hello everyone how is everyone
doing it is master selfie and today
ladies Gemma you guys with a title we
are back it again with the Just Cause 3
viva la revolucion to yesterday's Yemen
we are back and just go Street at the
moment we are my sauce okay look at this
beauty bound Asia hello hello what's
that Dima huh pizza pie that's amore
okay let's stop messing around so today
ladies gentlemen you guys for the title
okay what we are gonna be doing in
today's video we are going to be going
Easter egg hunting now in this game
there is a bunch of Easter eggs oh shit
ow
so yeah I picked out I think six Easter
eggs that I want to show off and yeah
they are pretty funny I don't know I
haven't actually checked them out yet
I've just read that an online article ah
okay okay
our first Easter Egg takes place in the
regional and Sula dragged on in the city
of my source in a small town of solely
on yucca pasa bubbly poopy a pizza piea
matzah male do you remember
and here we go baby we are at so lining
and now the place where we need to go is
right here no sir
have you seen any Easter eggs any around
here no everybody kill you up
he's like Rico I'm ashamed of you
hitting me for entertainment piss off
okay you can piss off okay so where we
need to go is we need to go in this
trash heap
smelled up slow the poo lady what are
you doing messing around in the dirt
lady
Rico oh grown up since last time I saw
it's a man I know your father proud of
me he knew my father ah proud of me okay
so with this Easter egg it did Falls you
see that you see that over there
puppy puppy puppy where you going huh
puppy puppy play running away from me
Bobby no don't worry puppy I won't kill
you I don't think I can kill you
I really shouldn't try out little
puppies like Brandon I need help
crossing the road
well puppy that's what I'm here for come
on follow me follow me ha ha ha he said
coolly little puppy yes you are now
watch this cliff ok you don't wanna fall
down the cliff careful oh look at him to
find the laws of physics
ok come on puppy there we go now don't
know for goodness sake this is pissing
me off already
copy don't make me kill you Rufus okay
Ryder don't kill me oh do what you say
that's right you better do what I say
come on pop it now for goodness sake oh
oh is it like a leash it's like a leash
this can work oh no puppy I'm scared if
I let go the puppy will die and here we
go guys puppy's gonna follow us ok now
we need to lead the puppy across the
road to his kennel
what's that Rufus that was your owner
Brandon why did you kill only don't now
there we go Rufus Brandon I'm not sure
this is gonna work
ahh oh ok oh shit the homeless persons
back look buddy are walking but I
thought huh ok come on Ruben Ruben
you're my style Rufus
speak to me no no no no I just want you
get me Chris okay I'm gonna get it oh
yeah I'm I'm pretty sure I'm going to
hell oh I can feel them I can feel them
commenting right now okay you're talking
a video game okay once you leave the dog
across the road you unlock something in
the options game pane menu called Doge
mode okay now what DOS mode basically
does whenever you hit or a tag an enemy
something cool happens no friends
hahahaha very impact what are you gonna
do huh huh pussy many out what if I
explode stuff many epic so impress
undefeated brave such brave killing
innocent civilians are wrinkled let's go
bowling much go
such gun well you get the ideas don't
smoke okay okay so Freud next Easter Egg
we are in the region of in Sula Drakon
in the province of trio now in the base
called Porto
dance Anna that is the special thing
right yeah here it is lays German what
the hell is this it seems like it's a
cave of some sort
leading to god-knows-where what's this
for bottoms okay maybe just maybe I have
to hit these four buttons in a certain
particular order okay let's first hit
the first one
oh then hit the last one
now the third one then the last one
again now the second one and lost but
definitely not least the first one again
what is this thing
bloody alibi unlocked how deep is this
OH is closing okay well okay that's
funny I guess the only option to find
out is to jump in it here goes nothing
what's this
what will
oh where the hell am I
ghosts are sort oh my god
they have developed teleportation okay
now this is the third Easter egg that
takes place in in Sula Drakon in the
little problems of driller but this time
up north to the city of Vika by les des
our goodies okay now I believe there is
a special gun here somewhere
oh shit is gonna hurt out oh I live
hello guys I'm sorry what's it gonna go
hey dude you know Wonderwall today is
going to be the day that you're gonna
die right now it's okay guys don't don't
be alarmed or anything okay I'm Nico no
guys you don't you don't have to you
don't have to run away okay guys please
I'm Nico I mean Rico okay I need to
bloody protect you
why are you running away from me don't
fear me there's no reason to be scared
okay now where the flag is
I believe there is a special gun just on
top of this place
Oh what's this pick up this gun okay
well um this is uh this isn't the big
head now I believe if I shoot someone
they won't get scared um what have I
done
oh oh oh oh my god ah good evening ma'am
hello sir hello welcome okay this is a
normal day in this place okay okay yeah
I need to get up look at this no no no
bloody iphone is she playing flat back
let me but why not
flappy bird is the devil okay okay I
gotta admit this is this is pretty funny
I think this is my favorite Easter Egg I
think every game needs a big head mode
don't you think lady oh shit sorry about
that oh look at you bloody good up up
she disappeared
okay well that's fun if you grappling
hook them and then let go so if you
grappling hook them and then let go they
fly into the sky come with and
in a world of your imagination
what's that not you want to be with
Jesus in heaven but I have your Lord and
Savior
now I wonder what will happen if I
grappling hook them before they go up
how far am I going to go am I going to
be going to the highest point in the
game my goodness ah oh my goodness
okay so for next Easter egg it takes
place in the region of in Sula fun in
the little province of la cours in the
little town of Alaba Diddy's okay now
when you go a little bit south of Alba
okay there should be a special Easter
egg at night okay this happens only at
night
Oh what's this is this it is this it
what rain rain boys look at everybody
everybody's advancing look at everybody
look at this guy go oh yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah shake it baby run right run
my name is MC planet coming in live with
the MC bright an egg is how it is oh
look at me random MC Pat coming in the
house empty mess coming in the house
liquor Mego
I'm a boss look at me go I love toast so
many likes strawberry night starry
lights
to me some
can I interrupt this party whoops okay
so for our next Easter Egg okay I've
noticed that this happens a couple of
times but when you go in our math
O'Reilly okay up north
okay there's a more hard Club okay data
needs to work from Just Cause two okay
go play the game but the Easter Egg I'm
interested in that somewhere around this
place is a bloody cow Oh get me up a cow
okay so we can ride a bloody cow okay I
know as you can do is react Uppal other
cows but holy cow a cow come on cow we
must liberate the whole of this province
yes we will come on
onwards little cow yeah yeah get it up
cow yeah
come on cow shake those titties of yours
oh I can see the others all I like that
shit what's what noise ah Rico ha ha ha
this looks like Rico's doing a dots now
where's mr. cow oh yeah me cares the
cows dead yeah it's to ignition it's hot
and fresh our kitchen mama
ruling that body got every man
oh okay dunno what happened Rico uh-oh
ahaha okay it's fine
looks like the cows dead oh shit
don't go go there he goes off to a
liberated City or some shit I don't know
okay later man now we are moving on to
our last Easter egg in the region oven
sulla strada in that little place called
van de ma there is this little fool here
little pool now I believe in this big
pool little pool there is a certain blue
vehicle shake okay now I believe it's in
the top right maybe oh my god I found it
could this be could this be a rubber
duckie oh wait it's on fire why is it on
fire
hello quickly get get into water Oh
oh no we got another one look at the key
looking duckie
what okay let's be nice and careful
don't destroy the duckie okay no need to
to combust there we go there we go now I
believe I can write it ha ha ha um
regard on how you write it I'm doing it
look at me Brad my little ducky quack
quack quack quack quack quack quack like
whack whack whack whack whack whack
whack whack whack whack yeah that's it
it's a duck okay uh that that's no no no
that's it that's that's the Easter egg
what do you want from me anyway guys I
think that's older interesting Easter
eggs I thought uh yeah I love fun
hunting them down I kind of what it was
kind of fun to see them by myself so I
guess what we guys enjoyed and leave a
goddamn like when we reach 10,000 likes
I'm gonna do more Just Cause 3 and yeah
I'm loving this game it's definitely one
of the best games that's come out this
year for sure but yeah anyway guys I
don't think I so much would you Oh we'll
see you in a goddamn egg video man I see
a little blue box
