oh hello everyone how is everyone to him
it is mr. self air at the daily German I
am popping in with a very special video
probably the most requested video ever
on the channel and that is a setup video
now the reason why it is taking me so
long to do a setup video is because my
setup is okay I've never been proud
of my setup okay it does the job okay
but I thought I would do one as sort of
like a before because I actually am in
the process of moving my setup and
everything like that so I thought I
would show you what it looks like before
I make that transition now before we get
into the setup video ladies gentlemen I
won't tell you guys a little bit of a
story basically the guys over at tornado
energy they make like energy drinks and
stuff they contacted me a few weeks ago
was like Brad good ok we like your
videos okay we want to start sponsoring
you okay we'll send you out a couple of
cards you don't have a good tab and I
was like yeah sure why not okay thank
you guys can send me up some free drinks
but ladies gentlemen look what they
bloody set me a few drinks that sent me
company Akane Macau there's 12 per case
12 times by 3 6 12 18 24 30 12 times by
30 they set me 300 cards
300 cans ok so uh thank you I get
tornado thank you for the massive
shipment of cans it's taken up so much
room in my bedroom
but er I'm sure I will make greatness to
it so uh thank you again and yeah I
guess then I'm going to be working a lot
more with tornado energy they sent me
like three flavours ice active and storm
storm is like your standard Ames drink
ice is like a it's like lemonade that's
like really cool and active tastes like
a like an orange flavored energy drink
so yeah pretty cool and yeah I guess now
is a good time to start the setup video
now a good place to stop the self in yo
it's actually the camera itself okay so
we are going where you guys have
probably not been before okay
we are going through the door
what what's in the door what's in the
door ooh it's so new and stuff a
bathroom was this stairs
that's right later but I'm actually on
the third floor of my house that's where
my office is so let's go to bathroom
real quickly this is my bar throughput a
toilet over there I've got my shower
over here I shot the condom challenge
video here if you guys remember that so
basically here is me with my big massive
camera okay there's actually a light
switch just above this mirror hmm oh how
pretty pretty pretty so this is the
camera that I use pretty much all of my
vlogs and all of my game videos it is
the Canon 70d and the lens that I use on
it is an 18 to 35 millimeter Sigma lens
pretty good camera overall it's not the
sort of it's at the perfect most perfect
camera but it does shoot like a major
amazing quality so it does a really good
job I've been meaning to upgrade but for
now it's pretty much of it's okay over
here I've got a little microphone
attached to it it's like semi broken
it's called a rode videomic and this is
the kit microphone that I use when I
want to shoot all my blocks not actually
my own I don't actually use that for my
like gameplay microphone I'll cover that
in a second
but whenever I want to do vlogs I use
this microphone and it does like it yes
it does no K job but it's broken a bit
mean to fix that
okay back into the room I go now I
really don't work though know where to
start so let's just go and just inspect
the little things that I've got over
here I've got like the call of duty
juggernaut Edition it's basically like a
mini fridge yeah that's going to go in
my new office which I'll cover on there
on I've got some bags over here YouTube
gaming I've got my laptop bag here
actually it's a laptop in there oh yes
my laptop's in there I should probably
show you my laptop so this is my laptop
it is a MSI laptop which I bought it's
it's an OK laptop it's a pretty good
laptop what I use this laptop for is
like whenever I go on trips and have to
record some gameplay stuff so I where
was I
over here I've got my book 111 backpack
I've got what's this fallout 4 volt well
its Survival Guide so that's a book over
there I've got some emoji pillows here's
me pretty much in every single video
here's me when I see something sexy oh
yeah look at 60 days and over there
wutface is this
it's a bloody face oh yeah not
good - bloody poor mojo bear hello mr.
Pooh
how you doing up I actually put a
Christmas tree up my Christmas tree
looks really it's nice to see in
the background my videos that's the only
reason I put it up but yeah it's a
really shitty Christmas tree but for
like 20 pounds my office is in my
bedroom so yeah that's pretty much it
okay now let's move on to the actual
setup ok leizerman
okay guys it's future Brandon here so I
stuck my camera right in my computer and
you could not hear anything I had to say
yeah I was quite smart so uh yeah this
is my computer and yeah it's a coarse
sailor-like gaming computer I don't know
much in specs I'm not computer nerd okay
all I do know is that it has two 980
graphics cards okay at the time it was
the best graphics cards you could buy it
has like two terabyte SSD cards like I
said I don't know much about computers I
will leave the full specs and stuff in
description down below okay guys okay so
out all my consoles over here basically
from whenever I need them I've got my
xbox one over here and here's my wallet
it's just a plain mic wallet I've got
two controllers over here good little
German Shepherd teddy bear whenever I
want to like scroll kitted stuff yeah
hid my PlayStation 4 with two
controllers and his dog meat roof all up
for a new turn and over here is Stacey
rockin the mesh yourself gear look at
that sexy t-shirt and half okay so
Stacey is sitting on my wii u I've got
two Wii U controllers over here here is
the camera that I use for pretty much
all of my like trip vlogs it is the
canon g7x is what it's what pretty much
all the youtubers used get over here to
the right I've got like a ps3 I think
this needs to be removed from the start
because I I cut on the last time I've
used it the only time I use it is to
play skate three so
yeah okay now let's move on to the right
of the ps3 so over here it's like my
Skylanders portal if you guys play
Skylanders over here is where I charge
my camera batteries while I'm using
right now a couple of USBs oh this is a
very cool remote I will explain what the
stars in a second but yeah here's my
phone I have the iPhone it's got a
broken screen at the moment yeah I
dropped it the other day whoops over
here you can see me it's my iPad I have
my iPad there sometimes I barely use it
is just nice to have another screen over
there oh there's my Wii U thingy and
yeah here's my two screens what I
basically used to record on my videos is
the elgato I have it I have it run
through all of the consoles and this is
when the called remote runs in so
basically here's my two screens at the
moment is showing my PC so if I wanted
to use my peer score I would press this
is one this is two this is three ps4 is
four so what I do on my remote I press
the number four okay and it should
change the screens to hmm come on come
on up oh yeah my ps4 so yeah and the
same like if I want my xbox one I just
press the number five and it should
change the screens to my xbox one look
at that so yeah it's very
convenient I've got basically all of it
running through my own gato and over
here I've got my audio recording from my
microphone which are covering a second
this software is called audacity it's
what pretty much everyone uses there are
other ways of recording audio but I just
I just can't wanted to figure that
figure that out I'm fine with audacity
so a lot of you guys also ask what
editing software do I use to edit my
videos so now what I use is a software
called Premiere Pro now basically this
is like your standard project of mine
like there's a lot of a lot of and
goes lot goes on to it it looks more
complicated than actually is yeah this
is like a standard this is from the
Assassin's Creed video that was uploaded
recently yeah it's just a standard video
that's what I basically used to record I
macit recommend it more Premiere Pro is
definitely what you need to be using as
a video editor if you want any sort of
future in it
you need to be either editing on
premiere or Final Cut Pro if you're on
like an Apple product so here is where
are you my camera set I have like a
tripod sitting on the floor not the best
way of doing things but it like it will
do it does the job and yet it over here
is my microphone really really really
good microphone I believe it's called
it's called an electro voice or e20
definitely one of the most expensive and
best microphones you can get okay so
yeah I'm going to show you the room
which I used to record my videos on so
if we go downstairs this is footage that
you this is somewhere that you've never
see before look at the stairs
oh it's so scary so scary okay so right
now we had a couple of doors here is a
bathroom over here is Frankie's room
Frankie still lists us Kylie doesn't
over here is my parents room and this
nice gentleman used to be my old room
now basically we've built this like loft
conversion just last year just solely
for the purpose of this YouTube thing
like like I forgot if it wasn't for you
guys watching I would be able to afford
to build this I actually did pay for
this of loft extension just because I
wanted to make YouTube making YouTube
videos easier but this is the room which
I used to make videos in now it's hard
to show you guys but look at the size of
it it's just a bed I look how much space
it is like if I spread my legs look how
much space there is in the room there is
not much space at all what I usually
used to do when making videos is I used
to sit on the bed and have like a small
TV sitting right here and I should just
make videos and talk to myself in my
room just here like honestly guys it was
such a hard process but I had to sort of
like plow through it and sort of make
the YouTube dream like a reality you
know like sometimes you've got to like
put up with what you have you know when
I first sort of equipment the first sort
of equipment that I got on YouTube I
actually had
like save up my lunch money I had to
like stop eating at school at lunch just
just so I could afford like the basic
stuff just to start up you know so you
got a sort of work with what you have
and then you can sort of gradually build
up okay so let's go back to my bedroom
to show you some more cool stuff okay so
now this is my big-ass window which I
basically look out of every single day I
love it so much having a big window just
makes my whole room completely light up
now actually guys I don't use any like
artificial lighting all of the lighting
that I use is 100% natural because of
this big-ass window that I've got right
now it lets in so much light and makes
like but I think guys honestly giving
your opinion about this one I think I
have one of the best face camps out on
YouTube I just like I'm not trying to
toot my own horn here but I I genuinely
think this is like one of the best
setups like like cam camera setups on
YouTube because like the lighting is
just so good
and like the positioning of it all like
it's are you currently sitting on a
tripod right now and I have to like look
to that screen over there it's a bit of
a like a ugly setup but I think it just
looks so good okay so we're not done
with the cell but I know why I decided
to put you back on the tripod now my
favorite part of my room the shelves now
look at all these collectable items now
I've actually I've fallen in love with
collecting these little shitty things
like I think it just looks really cool
to like and show off and stuff so yeah I
just got so much stuff I've got like a
lot of fall out gear got something like
pot figures I've got like an assassin's
Creed model
metal gear hand over here is my 100,000
subscriber plaque we've got a little
vault boy mask over here we've got
another assassin's creed figure some
bobble heads I've got a lot of
Skylanders I want to start collecting
more of them over here we've got like a
watchdog figure we've got Fall Out beer
over here I've got a can of overcharged
here from the game sunset overdrive on
Xbox really good game over here I've got
that and Far Cry I've got some amiibos
that I started collecting
well so I've got I've got little a
ballboy plushie and yeah this is like
pretty much step one and as we got a bit
higher I've got some more figures I've
got pagan min from far cry 4
I've got something like more fallout
figures I've got by the fallout pip-boy
edition I've got some minecraft oh my
gosh squid there's chop the dog
there's Octodad I've got some minecraft
stuffed in there and over here I've got
some books basically like whenever I
want to record like or start a series on
something I usually buy like the
strategy guide so I've got like hitman
absolution strategy guide GTA 5 Metal
Gear Solid that's the Assassin's Creed
encyclopedia far cry 4 Sims 4 Dead
Rising 3 I've got the ksi book and yet
some other foot and then we've got a
little bit minecraft plushies by the way
I used to play like loads of my crop I
actually like really really wanted to
like start on minecraft videos you know
what do you guys think of that like I
used to love planer and I think if I go
back to it now it would be like all new
to me
okay so let's chuck these guys out here
got scared it bit off and basically over
here is all the games I have I've got
Wii U games ps3 games ps4 games and Xbox
one games and I think Leigh Shenron that
is my entire setup right now
it looks ricci oh yeah I've got to cover
these boxes I've got the halo 5
collector's edition here got the tomb
Raider's collective collector's edition
here let's quickly look at my in my
drawer got the pip-boy edition box what
do I have on my other drawer
oh yeah I've got the bug got like a halo
5 head right here like as you can see
I'm clearly running out of space to put
all this stuff I've got the exhaust and
screwed collector's edition box and the
Far Cry 4 and the Metal Gear Solid 1 and
I think that's destiny ok so that's
pretty much my setup as of right now
2015 now at the moment I'm not happy
about how much setup looks it's really
messy as you can tell like it's not the
perfect setup it's like the easiest
setup it's the way I can be as efficient
as possible and get as many videos out
to you guys but like I mentioned in the
video I am planning on moving
destinations moving my office now you're
probably wondering batten are you going
to move me moving out
house are you moving to like la New York
London well no actually I am literally
moving just uh just just that side over
here right here so now this is my back
garden and as you can see it is a bloody
well mess now at the moment we are
transforming the shed into like a gaming
den basically this place is going to be
what I'm aiming for is to be the best
gaming den in the whole of YouTube I
want to have the best gaming dent and
it's going to be absolutely amazing it's
going to have like a bathroom in there
with like a shower it's going to have
like a kitchen it's going to have like
loads of shelves like this I like I'm
gonna have basically a line full of
shelves with all these awesome little
cool knickknacks I basically want to
give like each sort of game their own
like shelf so I have like all before lap
stuff in one shelf all about the
Assassin's Creed stuff in one shelf all
about the Nintendo stuff in one shelf so
basically that's the process of right
now like that's what we are doing there
is a couple of builders working in there
at the moment okay so that will be done
probably by the end of December but I
think I'll only show you guys to set up
I think in February is when I pretty
much will have it hundred percent
complete but yeah that's my a right now
that's where I'm moving my office some
of the some of my videos might change
from like the original backdrop but yeah
I think I'm still going to record videos
in here because of the lighting so good
but whenever I were like like work or
livestream onslaught live-streaming and
stuff yeah that's when my that's where
I'm gonna do like most videos from now
on
so yeah low showmen that is my current
setup as of right now it's it's not the
best and the reason why I didn't want to
show you guys is because it's not
perfect you know like I kind of one I'm
kind of proud I'm sort of like a proud
person I only want to show you what's
good and yeah well right now I'm not
sort of proud of my setup but like I
said I'm building that shed in the back
and it's basically going to be the
ultimate gaming den and I'm gonna make
it for look the best
everyone on YouTube so I'm really
excited to build that something new
that's going on in my life right now and
yeah I hope you guys did enjoy sorry
about this it's like an extra video for
today I'm not sure i'ma try and get Sims
already out tonight but we'll see what
happens but yeah leave a comment if you
have any questions I'll try to answer
them
I'll leave or as much like details on
the products in the description thank
you guys thanks tornado for giving me
this crazy shipment I'm gonna leave that
man down scription below as well and do
yeah I would they got so much watching
stay tuned for a better setup in 2016
I'll see you guys in the next video man
see later guys love you the back
