whoo hello everyone how is everyone
doing Kidizoom as a selfie
we'll play so I'm at the moment I am
still on my quest to be the most
original happy wills YouTube rapper now
something that I don't really see many
youtubers searching is they search up a
key term so right now in the comment
section down below
I want you to comment what should i
search okay and I will read it out in
the next a peruse video for this episode
I thought it would be a good idea since
I've made a couple of GTA 5 videos I
will search up GPA oh oh honey before
twelve characters I should have thought
out this plan a lot a lot further
okay how about GTA 5 okay okay Jesus
Christ be careful with the caps lock
bloody ell okay
oh it's the black one oh for goodness
sake who would a free make out is Nico
CJ or Tommy who the bloody oafs Tommy
who is your favorite character what the
hell
don't worry this is not the end if this
gets four or five stars I'll make part 2
please don't for the love of God black
ops 2 half of goodness sake what is this
GTA 5 vs. Saints Row 4 did you have 5
vices watchdogs alright you did five
versus Saints Row 4 let's do it oh
you've got to be shitting on my face
right now
200,000 views for all of these levels
and all the art is this shit okay let's
try GTA 5 Trevor alright
I don't ask your life story oh my
goodness what is this GTA 5 your top of
Mount chiliad enjoy the few Trevor
Phillips is this meant to be Trevor my
name's Trevor okay I'm now going down my
chiliad oh shit look at me I'm sorry
Blanka I got okay well this is fun GTA 5
missions demo it's is it's example okay
let's play his level don't move okay I'm
not moving fine whatever
this is so bad no son 18 years old you
look like let's go Nicole vamos lá lá
what oh great is Spanish I can't be
Spanish or can I
Easter Eminem oh you know a stuck-up
little popper over there a Cortez no
terminada FS the commas mission no I
know - is all shitty the bloody Spanish
at economic okay this one's just cool
gta5 I'm hoping it's good yeah I
recognize this from gta5 this is this is
the pot this is the place where they
have cross and that lamppost GTA 5 GTA
super Pogo ha ha ha okay how is this how
is this GTA 5 it's not it's just it's
just lines GTA 5 Los Santos see it does
ground astronaut or drop a legend a 5 s
above all this is definitely GTA 5 right
now this is great
I love this look at let out make mrs.
was that guy just shagging him okay you
know what I haven't done in a long time
I'm not I don't ask you guys to make me
levels but I'll stretch up mess yourself
okay see what happens
shit look at this Ortiz no levels took
this 52,000 cheesy four four four you
shouldn't have this for level four
measure self oh that's me but anyone can
played this off wait I think I might
play this level before yeah I think I
have have I get as high as possible have
I played this before guys okay okay
let's play the new levels okay here we
go this wants to score to measure
yourself okay hello oh shit look at all
the bloody shitty did is okay thank you
for that measure self spike for them I
hope I do
oh shit I forgot my phone is gonna post
you can't give me a boost while spiteful
no no resisted resisted resisted your
fan base really make shitty levels son
don't say that okay that's right okay do
you have any fans I don't think you do
okay I think this is how you do it
please don't kill me okay son bye-bye
down I messed up this how is it possible
I do not like okay bloody hell measures
of ninety nine nine nine nine nine point
nine nine impossible level hey player
hopefully myself
mmm-hmm Charminar porn I not listen it's
not not that important I now because I
did it on the first go mission of to
wise up it to me again
listen you bloody gay you love me don't
you this is my second level inspired by
Brandon it was inspired by me look at
all these balls you love balls don't you
zombie gay I came in like no you didn't
wrecking ball any titties I was this I
did it
much love in percentage
subscribe listen rainwater you are so
nice we can keep on living I'm too old
to kill him anyway it's a fun asshole
kill frame I'll shit my sister dad
alright bloody hell Frankie she's always
on those bloody toilet doing a bloody
fool Gilda my place oh shit sorry tomato
gaming sister of mine okay is that all
my friends and family dead and that's it
because well you don't have many friends
okay you know what guys I give up okay
I'm going to sell out okay I'm gonna do
the most popular levels for the week
okay I can't think of anything look Lisa
can't levels that you won't find clothes
bright port - oh my goodness this
actually looks really good son I mean
God is fun shut up son Oh more this is
the most entertaining thing to watch
ever are you not entertained a possible
challenge try to make the soccer balls
in the basket using the platform in
front of you there is sometimes with
nature by door tell anyone okay it's a
bow throw but with with ball with soccer
balls I don't get it oh shit is a hoop
down there wait am I supposed to make it
a big shot oh I broke the trampoline
Oh shitty Oh
fool fool like supply I bet you I could
beat you down the polls false son don't
judge me
go son go son number one go son I
believe in you okay now it's my dad go
oh shit what's happening I don't like
you I will kill the kid if you don't
teach you this in parenting class oh
shit okay this is very hard son I might
have to let you go oh shit
avoid the bloody karate sticks Oh what
slipped out I do it I'm naughty well did
it
okay maybe not now hot cocoa too hard
like my this is a hard or not
what whoa okay well this is just bloody
crazy all right so it goes dark I like
this shit actually so we could have a
before we bloody job
I believe you can do it okay because I'm
doing it I believe you could do it Oh
what the hell is that uh uh what oh shit
what is that man huh hello what bloody
Apache scared out of me I'm not scared
or anything
okay I'm just going into a cave I'm
probably not gonna die I hope so okay
three two one okay what L call weather
it won't be fast before to be fast
before okay Oh oh shit I saved it
Oh and again and again oh oh no big ones
ah I did it oh my goodness the bloody
devil his hand
okay go mum my head's trapped in my
segue I hit him okay
oh shit thank you for playing
that was amazing mo thank you so much
Jake the king you gay naked girl no lies
let's hope we see titties
wait 30 seconds she'll be naked okay I
can't wait I don't think we did it
without ten days feels like a ninja
70% impossible hope you like my lovelies
what how is this mission impossible shit
I think I'm a plane for a very long time
I would like a so much for watching this
spin happy wheels let's try and hit
10,000 likes when we do new episode
happens we'll be played I was feeling
pretty sick today so sorry if this video
wasn't as great as the others but I
still had fun playing it I know my guys
all I gots so much watching I will see
you in the goddamn next video man still
era guys love you
