oh look up Oh everyone how is everyone
doing it is smashing selfie at the
dilation when I popping in with another
vlog so today's video late Shaymin I'm
gonna be talking about some really cool
things that I've been involved in some
really cool projects really cool things
are happening in my life right now so I
wanted to let you guys know some of them
and ask you your opinion on some of them
you know so basically the guys over at
Skylanders supercharges asked me to
co-present sort of like a Christmas
promo thing that they're going to be
doing on the channel we made like a
video on their YouTube channel so I
basically did it with master of and my
good friend
Sluggo man - very awesome UK youtubers
and yeah I just watched a video and I
think I did pretty good so I'm gonna ask
you guys a massive favor right now can
you go down in the description and watch
the Skylanders video that we did over on
their Channel
and tell me like how did I do now when
they asked me to co-present the video
like I really was so scared and I really
didn't want to do it because they gave
me like a script and stuff and there was
a big massive camera crew there with big
massive cameras and you know like it
just it just the sound of it it's very
scary like I'm used to just acting like
an idiot
by myself in my room where no one can
hear me but now I have to act like a
crazy man in front of people
okay that's god damn scary but you know
what I decided to do it I want to start
doing stuff that I don't feel
comfortable with and sort of push myself
sometimes in life you just got sort of
push yourself out of your comfort zone
and do some really cool stuff you know
it just don't feel shy or awkward you
know sort be confident you know take it
head-on and just do it okay just do it
no old memes not okay now I know it was
gonna be really scary to do it but you
know what what I came back from the
shoot like I felt really happy to do it
you know like it was a really cool
opportunity we did some really cool
stuff so I just want to thank Skylanders
that for just giving me this opportunity
just er you know just have fun and make
a really good video at the end of it so
in case you guys haven't gone and
watched the video already I don't know
what you're still doing here I should
probably talk about what stuff do we
actually get up to in this video that we
made so Skylanders
invited us to a massive abandoned army
base it was literally in the middle of
nowhere and it was kind of scary and
basically the premise of this video is
that we took a normal old boring
Christmas sleigh and we completely
ripped it out I'm talking pimp my ride
style what we did is we use upgradeable
parts from Skylanders supercharges and
created them in real life and put them
on the Christmas sleigh and it looked it
just looks super duper cool but yeah I
don't explain it too much for you guys
but overall it was a great experience I
got the opportunity to do some really
cool and somewhat scary stuff they had
like a director a film crew over there
big massive cameras but honestly really
glad I did it anyway guys let me know
how I performed by leaving a comment on
their video go down description click on
their video watch it and tell me how I
did you know leave a comment it was my
first time sort of presenting stuff like
scripted stuff I'm really shy in real
life in front of a camera so I think I
did a pretty good job so let me know how
I did you know I think I need to I need
to get better at some points but yeah
leave a comment on the video and I'm
going to actually be replying to some of
the nice comments on their video so yeah
I hope you guys I'm not so me too me but
yeah that's pretty much everything I
want to say in today's video thank you
guys so much for the crazy support like
I'm uploading more videos now and you
guys are like liking them it's liking
that I'm uploading more but you're
noticing it you're watching them you
know like just thank you guys so much
for the crazy support
I literally have the most perfect
audience like you're just so like nice
to me I'm so so so grateful so thank you
for the amazing support recently and
just keep it up and I will keep making
videos okay guys anyway guys I'm gonna
end the video here thank you guys so
much for watching and I will see you in
the next video man see you later guys I
love you bro back
