oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
in this master selfie today we are gonna
be reacting to some news fails now I
don't know about you guys but I do not
go and watch TV for the news okay I
watch it online but basically like a
bunch of TV programs okay like they
always have fails all the time all right
they always tried to act so professional
when they're trying to like do the news
and stuff and sometimes because they
film these shows live there's a lot of
like fails that that happens okay so
today we're gonna be reacting to them
okay all right leave me alone all right
leave me alone okay I just wanna watch
some videos now to sport with marriage
just on my phone now with the weather
with mesh yourself okay look at the ship
I'm gonna face oh here we go baby BBC
News
oh he's at the front place oh no we
still know the right camera oh okay here
we go
and no still not looking Oh
hello and welcome hello and welcome this
is what I mean okay they don't act like
human people okay like a normal person
would say sorry about that okay I didn't
know where I was but he's just like
hello and welcome it's time for BBC News
with Tom Duncan Oh guys okay sorry about
that I'm over here okay so over here oh
okay um
hello and welcome it's so dumb
oh I've seen this clip this kid walks in
for the wider region is in the regions
with the north you can tell you know he
told his wife you know before the show
you know like okay I'm doing an
interview with BBC News okay this could
be my big break okay make sure you look
after the kids
okay husband I promise I will look after
the kids it won't be hard trust me
no no go away you pesky try to do the
news this clip so sad so this is what
I'm talking about
okay he acts so professional that he
pushes his kid away like wouldn't a
normal person just be like okay alright
my child just end of the room sorry
about that I'll pick up my child all
right let him do the interview with me
okay it's just a child okay it's just
sitting there why you got act so
professional okay but yeah this is why I
don't watch the news okay because it's
all just fake shit alright here are some
other great town names oh the tits she
said she said tits on TV how funny see
because news stations are so
professional you can't even say tits on
TV whereas on YouTube I say titties all
the time it is okay boy I'm not gonna
lie though if you saw this written I
would pronounce that Lititz - okay I
mean come on now it looks like the tits
when Monique van der strew first opened
her Waianae dairy farm in 2008 she
wanted to sell milk okay all the rules
and permitting required to bottle the
milk made it difficult for the small
farmer to do so
okay licked her boob at the end I mean
humans always drink cow's milk its milk
tastes like oh yeah
okay this Clips so stupid okay why why
did News people always film with next to
animals you know it's gonna go wrong
after being briefed on such a whore
whore whore cross crime that's so
embarrassing oh man it must be hard to
do live television you know alright if
you mess up once okay and you're gonna
choke up like that you can't recover
okay this woman just gave up at the end
okay after being briefed I said perfect
horrific a riff crime crime okay yeah
she gets you insanity and okay after
being briefed on such a horrific
horrific crime okay everyone right now
stay with me
horrific horrific it's not hard all
right come on now stupid woman over the
last two years hundreds have landed in
the Summit County Medical Examiner's
Office my brother used to break in our
house and steal the TV what but now he's
dead come in and steal our TV and then
the guy now he's dead over the last two
years hundreds have landed in the Summit
County Medical Examiner's Office my
brother used to break in our house and
steal the TV but now he's dead what's
going on right now okay I'm gonna stop
asking questions okay American American
news channels are so much with so much
weirder to me honestly here's like
actual customer out here what's what's
the best kind of firework to buy Oh
wouldn't you like to know whether boy no
boy that's so totally what I would do
okay if I was ever on the news okay come
on now I do not take the news seriously
at all okay so you always got to do
something funny okay come on now
all right you guys gotta promise me all
right if you has ever ever an
opportunity where you're on the news all
right you're gonna meme it up okay this
guy is that legend for doing that first
and last name Erica I don't
and who spell customer spell first and
lost if I is T L ast
yeah oh my god what an idiot this guy
asked her for what's-her-name and then
spell first and last and she spelled the
word first and last oh my goodness one
idiot okay what an absolute idiot man
also on chef was Constance Landry she
says she's lived here her entire life
almost 80 years been through just about
everything just about I'm sorry miss
Constance 76 are you coming back to New
Orleans and New Orleans East it's an
elephant heavy I'm coming back baby I
love this woman 76 to the I'm 75 years
old you stupid house it's an elephant
heavy I'm coming back what a woman's
against a sword Evie okay as I'm talking
about man like news reporters they don't
talk to you like human beings okay come
on now all right you got to give him a
sass that woman's a legend oh it's this
building blowing up oh no way he's the
bus go on the way
this camera crew set up their whole shop
to try and get this building to explode
watch oh this is so cool man that must
suck okay these guys probably spent all
morning
all right waking up to sort of see this
shit okay it's kind of sad okay so some
guy got rescued from a hike but it looks
like the hiker or the news were
reporting that this person actually got
saved from the hike because they thought
their sign said send help but they
actually were just doing a meme where
they saying send nudes
okay well that's pretty funny and the
news the news people didn't mean know
what to say or to do but they just
pretended you know that they saved this
person because they just wasted you know
everyone's time otherwise barking and
honking and its owner to hurry up the
video has posted on Facebook okay
I don't burn out this is not the first
time it has caused a ruckus the pup has
been seen around town okay she's losing
it yeah when you show your parents a
meme for the first time then hide also
so we okay I don't find like the most
boring shit funny okay a dog you know
pushing on on a horn how that shit funny
alright go watch some dank memes adults
alright a fairly quiet weekend 88 mobile
Fairhope 88 Pensacola okay destiny baby
okay okay don't tell me that that she's
fake okay that shit took look real
alright he took a whole second over
pause alright just and moved his bum
back
to do that to help 88 Pensacola destiny
de da ba Pensacola destiny okay come on
now if you guys think that's a far all
right I'm pretty sure that's a far all
right come on now all right I mean he
stopped talking backwards okay he moved
his all right
in the TV show okay okay okay okay sorry
about that but to you uh how are you
feeling oh excuse me
okay I speak English you me the whole
English no program every time happy
in the sky this asian guy was just
making fun out of this English guy and
he pretty much said at everything he
knew in English it's funny because he
don't actually think about it this is
how like Asian people see us
english-speaking people you know this is
how we talk you know it's quite funny to
think about but oh my goodness what a
legend okay instead of just pretending
like he doesn't know English he just you
know made it into a joke all right this
guy's a legend oh my goodness what's
going on what why you're a dog in this
TV station yeah at least peasant older
closer okay I think she's acting like a
normal human being you know and not you
know just you know pretending a dog is
in there okay it's now time for the news
without the dog okay ten puppies will
found a laugh you know and they're so
happy and five puppies were rescued okay
and back to back to the weather okay
Oh
man I love that guy that's those are the
best times you know when you just when
the news reporters have a laughing fit
okay because you can't control your
laughter at that point all right you're
kind of gone all right but that was
funny okay these these people from was
it Sweden I don't know whether we're
this news news places from
last week titter set Twitter guidelines
were being updated due to confusion
the company says any users who tweets
Constantina and then it took a like a
how five seconds to then realize wait
wait wait did I just say PETA oh no way
I did make his first appearance kept on
moving during the course of this
scenario avoiding all cameras I locked
myself who couldn't avoid a fan just now
freddie's just look at the woman's face
you know you know she was gonna do
something funny okay I mean that would
so be me okay if I was if I saw this
right in front of me I would be kissing
that guy within seconds you know well
where was that was that like California
or something oh my goodness I actually
didn't even realize like imagine an
earthquake happening like it while
you're on live television that last okay
that's not even a fail that's just
that's just more than interesting rather
than anything else you know so this
reporter kristene pays to see with what
we know
okay okay party we don't have the image
okay oh no there it is okay oh okay oh
god damn it stupid job okay people don't
know what to do with that shit I'm scum
that is live in Hernando Mississippi
were those been spottings of a cougar
okay and that's not it that looks like a
house cat I bet were just feet away from
their own local man that rolls his cell
phone video on what some say is a cougar
alive before a party there's a cougar on
the loose but when they zoomed in they
just found out as a cat oh my god
oh wait no it's a pussycat okay ladies
German Armour anybody oh there that was
me watching and reacting to some news
fails okay now there's a bunch of news
files online all right this is just the
sum that I just found like you know
office looking for some funny ones to
react to so if this video reaches 30,000
likes I will make a part two because you
know it's pretty funny okay news you
know news sites have really weird all
right is my recommendations guys you
know do your news you know do your news
research online okay don't watch news on
TV anymore you know because you know you
don't know how influenced you are you
know or at least be very you know
vigilant on how you're being influenced
you know you know I think take your own
news you know online and stuff like that
anyway why am I giving advice on the
shitty reaction video thank you guys so
much for watching I'll see you in the
next video man so they're the guys
buh-bye
