hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is measure selfie and today lace jamming
we are back yet again with beyond two
souls soleil shim and I just wanna say
guys so much for the support in the
first video you know I wasn't I wasn't
sure if I should continue with this but
now you guys I was reading some of the
comments and you guys really seem to
like it you know like I think this is a
good opportunity just to bond you know
just we'll just do it doing the series
and we're gonna have loads of fun doing
a series so uh yeah you guys have seen
more happen the first episode let's
continue or shit
Jody we're back in the hospital item Oh
check your foreign troubles we'll cut it
out oh listen Jody shut up okay dr.
Matthews he's the one who's gonna be
taking care of you from mom he seems
really nice come on he wants to meet you
oh my yeah she's like mom how dare you
hey here's here okay is this the part
where mom gives me up to the doctors
uh-oh
hello hello Jody come in I don't trust
this guy oh look at Jody she's so cute
my name is Nathan Nathan Nathan Dawkins
I thought it would be a good idea for us
to have a little chat get to know each
other a little better yeah jealous if
it's okay with you of course oh okay I
like it now alright okay okay I will
listen to what you have to say oh wait
there was this snowmen Christmas you
like it yes I do you can have it if you
want I will take it okay let's listen
what he has to say the bloody gate okay
oh he's Jody my job is to study strange
offense oh oh and then try to explain
them she's like okay like the things
that happen around you right Joanie
I don't know what you're talking about
uh-uh shy say yes okay sure
okay so I know what I know what you're
talking about mother tells me you have
an invisible friend oh don't you hug
iDEN what do I say
uh uh uh yeah suppose so yeah I don't
know uh um this friend has he been with
you a long time uh um I did what do I
say
uh uh uh oh he just said okay to a born
since I was born I don't know he's
asking questions I don't know I'll just
struck again
is he a ghost ghost or a spirit of
someone who passed away ghosts I don't
know is outside no he's not a ghost can
you draw him from me draw him he looks
like a bloody Willy yes your I'll draw
him I like drawing get every God
coloring pencils oh shit um I probably
shouldn't have agreed to do this so what
do I draw okay
just give her the girl can I might like
to draw something oh let me draw it oh
please no come on I wanted to draw like
a willy or something look at the
concentration going on in her face
oh shit press that X exhilarating
gameplay right now oh shit I drew it
iDEN what did she draw Oh
huh this thing is your friend and he's
connected to you with some kind of cord
is he here right now oh shit ghosts um
uh yes hello I didn't say hello and you
tell him to do something oh shit um uh
yes I will I want to see what I didn't
do
oh now I've now go to I did was try to
shy turn of his computer or should I
mess up with his files okay let's turn
off his computer gone oh he's like dear
God she's that I'm sorry you uh tell him
what to do and it happens huh I don't
know uh I don't tell her I didn't want
to do no one
oh shit that's pretty scary Killiney in
a cage we're tied together
he can't go away that's Betty scary it
makes him really angry oh it's not my
fault I want him to leave too oh no he
can be really scary sometimes mm-hmm did
did he do that to you
oh shit I did wouldn't do that to me
that was the monster monsters so many
questions he's like dear God and the
Ghostbuster now am i shit oh god this is
bloody scary other water players go
anymore but I want to play it okay so it
tells me like the percentage of how many
people did what so a 77 percent drew
iDEN 82 percent showed irons powers so I
did pretty much what everyone wants to
do why wouldn't you not do it oh no this
is the part where I leave my mummy mom
don't leave me it won't be free it will
you like home just long enough I'm gonna
find out what's going on please don't
leave me your big despair couple of days
no you're a lie oh you'll see time go by
fast no says we need to go there's no
reason to drag this out piss off dad
okay he's a bloody gay he's out to get
me
no don't leave mum spell
yes tongue Oh looky wolf I would never
leave doggy I would never leave oh shit
am I gonna say goodbye to my dad
bloody gang okay come on look at him he
doesn't want to say goodbye to me when
is asshole oh I'm so sorry
Jodi I know it's hard leaving your home
and your family but here we have a
better chance of understanding what's
happening we can find a way to protect
you or somebody can't protect me Oh
scary
yeah don't like this your belongings are
in that bag over there : I a right next
door cold if you need anything or if
anything from just call them look them
right away okay okay
all shit
glitterati oh my goodness what what is
what I don't even know what's what's
gonna happen shit
to Jodi scary okay look at that does she
look scary oh shit what am I good now
make it ugly put my clothes on find
somewhere to change change oh shit Jodi
please okay I like my girls a little bit
older than you okay I do not wonder what
you get changed maybe I can change in
the bathroom sure why not oh here we go
they haven't put cameras in here - oh
shit I better not the bloody pee dose oh
look at me in my didn't PJ's is so
adorable
is it nice right time but I need Teddy
know I can't go to sleep I need Teddy
suitcase is Teddy in it better blood
very well well be okay oh there she is
there's teddy well there's not many guys
funny grumbling okay I've got daddy with
me off to bed now Jodi shut up let's spy
on me okay let's go to bed okay I've got
Teddy I've got
a flashlight what is that okay let's
just go daddy said look uh stupid bunny
gruff okay let's go to bed
there we go oh good night Jody I'm gonna
turn off the light now
good night Jody good night can you leave
the light on in the hall I don't like it
when it start okay sure
how's that did good good night
oh shit I'm scared please please tell me
the monsters aren't gonna come in it
come at nighttime okay I go time for
this shit okay grab teddy
don't be afraid we're gonna have a good
night's sleep and nothing is gonna
happen okay
so much is going on I don't understand
who is the monsters who was I did okay
what am I gonna be doing here for the
rest of my life
okay so many questions my penny penny
will tell us already wouldn't eat can't
sleep eating off new story mister okay
once upon a time that was a bloody day
I'm joking
um oh shit I think good wait what's this
I can control Ida what is he doing
oh what an elephant
two God's go in the other room sleeping
it's the monster oh shit shit shit
go wake up go wake up wake up wake up
wake up wake up we got we got we got
she's in trouble help well Jody place
where's Jody where's Jody gone where's
Jody gone go open the door
oh shit Johnny Oh No get away get away
get away get away get away get away get
away get away get away get all shit
what is responds to shit I thought
driver this shit oh hell no oh hell no
get it out get it out get it out ha go
Jody run go run oh shit oh shit is back
again get out of it get out of it get
out of it oh my god
I get it
this is ridiculous this is ridiculous is
ridiculous ridiculous
piss off monsters all shit he's got Jodi
again
oh my god I shake how do I kill this
thing my god Jodi get a doctor hurry I
thought you were a doctor what are you
talking about uh
it's okay sure it'll be all right now hi
Dan isn't scared of them anymore yet
what this daughters like oh shit I have
bargained too much of this shit what are
you talking about what the hell just
happened
come on now I do not have time for this
ladies gentlemen okay am I gonna be
fighting these monsters in the night for
the rest of my life
84 percent didn't spy on Dawkins and
parents oh shit I should probably should
have done that not a Bob's that broke up
Cole who wouldn't wake up Cole oh shit
95 percent vanquish the entities wait
that means five percent didn't I never
not want to know what happened if I
didn't do that okay this game is getting
too hectic for me oh shit
mom dad oh my dad's a bloody also piss
off dad
I don't know how to tell you this Jodie
so I'm just going to tell you what
your mom and I we've been transferred we
have to leave the base huh no we really
want to take you with us but we think
you're a bloody liar
everyone thinks that it would be better
for you to stay here with professor dog
you slutty liar you don't want me of
course we'll come see whenever it's
possible shut up when you're better
shut up join us in our new home okay I
hate this guy look at him he's a liar
filthy liar
well I think it's for the best shut yes
right good idea
goodbye dear piss off dad
I don't need you but I miss mum mum mum
don't go mommy
P brave darling oh I don't listen if
achill
Susan shut up okay leave Susan alone mom
oh this is sad she's leaving me Oh mom
mom miles enough come on shut up dad
swear to God I will bloody kill you up
my task in life is to kill him okay I'm
done hands down right now okay
damn with this gate but I can kill her
then forget it don't stop no no die
Phillip you're choking I don't get I
keep doing it you tried to kill me oh my
god she's evil
you're a monster oh you hear me a
monster my god no no no I'm sorry mom
mama I'm sorry oh I should've done that
I should not have done that I know how
you feel you made the right decision
wait what I love killing your dad um I'm
sorry guys I'm so sorry I didn't know I
didn't know I just thought it'd be funny
okay oh my god oh I'm sorry guys I'm
sorry
is he gonna show me the percentage not
my father ha ha ha I got a trophy 60%
choked my father
ha ha ha ha ha that's so funny okay that
is so funny I'm glad I'm not the only
one who thinks my dad's a bloody asshole
oh shit what's this this looks nice huh
Jodi's all grown up what sort of
maybe I shouldn't go go where Jody
you've been begging me for weeks you're
not gonna back up now I don't know
anybody there
I mean I'll hate me and stress is awful
let's just go
just take a deep well there's no reason
to panic it's just a birthday party
birthday party we're going to shore
everybody alike you she'll have fun
maybe meet some new friends I hope so
come on look at it be so happy
okay let's go all right AG I mean it's
not my dad but bye professor
don't forget your present oh yeah give
me the present take it it's a book of
poetry by po po it's fifty years old and
very rare I'm sure she'll like it a look
don't worry it's gonna be all right
it's gonna be right yeah let's go party
on in five have fun haha let go and go
you you have fun with your decision
teenage girls okay uh well I guess we're
going to a birthday party yeah the
kajori she's all grown up ladies
gentlemen Jesus Christ what did I miss I
don't know but it doesn't matter cuz
we're gonna have a bloody birthday party
hello ding-dong birthday party ding-dong
laughs Lee hello uh Christmas no no
Christmas hey Jody
oh hey Kirsten you coming I gotta go Oh
who's this sexy don't be shy hey Jody
right come on run the living room some
girls for my schooling least Dorothy
guys we could find was it a present for
me cool thanks oh okay I'm off darling
I'll look after your friends and don't
do anything stupid all right don't go
see I don't want any no no no please
horseshit I'm scared of teenage gets the
hint what Kristen is a birthday everyone
this is Jodie she's in unit 4 with my
unit for the paranormal Department Ricky
what you do there then spoon just speak
to dead people
stuff like that no no party time I'll
get the beer guys do the shutters girls
do the candles and Jodie you can take
care of the music
let's get crazy oh my god that's crazy
oh shit what's a little disgusting
birthday by their game - can I speak to
people
hello lady are you pissed off I don't
want to talk to you anyway oh shit I
don't like this or we're gonna have to
make out with the boys
I do not wanna kiss any of those
disgusting little boys okay I've got to
sort out the music sure what songs do I
play I like it get up country pop rock
should we get up I like this kind of go
bitch is bad but sock you nod okay this
century alignment pop in but I like this
oh shit R&B is what the kids listen to
these days are shit what do I do
oh my god they're Oh No Kirsten you're a
genius good genius so I take a bit uh
yeah sure why not yeah cool a bit bit
but there's nothing oh shit but how old
am I I don't know let the matter living
life on the edge
drink that beer baby oh yeah oh shit
come on it's your first time oh no I
know I've had some before course you oh
shut up
oh these guys are bloody our souls I do
not want to be here right now could we
just leave no oh shit what's happening
now what is happening now oh my god ha
ha ha ha ha ha
what kind of does he is that oh my
goodness I'm not a no no I am NOT come
on I need a drink more beer Jesus Christ
okay I am NOT gonna be sober for this
body
okay come on get drunk sure why not oh
shit oh no I'm drunk I'm drunk after two
sips
okay don't drink anymore I don't drink
oh the girls teleported Oh Vicky Jodi
shaking it girl yeah oh no I messed it
up yeah sexy baby yeah shake it oh look
at Jodi see you're shakin it this
British boys up let's go good dance okay
let's stop and we're embarrassing
ourselves the wall this is the shittest
party I've ever been to ever okay let's
go talk to this British boy what's up
cause that cigarettes look
no thanks disgusting don't smoke it's
okay Oh Jody don't sit down this is a
buddy birthday party oh hello hi oh hi
I'm Matt Jodie ranked um yes I've never
seen you at school before you don't take
classes on base um what's that sociable
or reserved sociable Joe I'm in a
different program with my own teacher
kind of boring I I never get to see
people my age I suppose I've gotten used
to it so you work with kissing smother
oh shit small talk okay let's be
sociable sure we work in the same way
oh come on Jodie come I show that it
would be a good idea for me to come and
spend time with people my age so you're
a cute I used to live in London no I
moved to two years so cat no one can
send you which you live before our shit
just shall I shall I shall I I want to
lie no I don't know press these people
and the base yeah I've always lived
there any less poor I'm trying to press
it can I can I ask you something oh shit
Kathy why are you in unit 4 oh uh no I I
don't want to tell the truth oh I'd
rather not talk about her so damn stupid
I hope I haven't liked her see oh honey
no oh maybe I should have told him the
truth
Oh slow dance up I eat you up oh shit
the crib just Erick I said the cringe oh
shit no I can't do this this is gonna be
crazy
alright come on now there's my epic
dance moves don't mess this up don't
mess this up my goodness
Jodi oh my god this is cringe oh shit I
did it this is so great
I did it
this is great I got I'm sure you hear
this all the time but you're really
pretty you know
but what I want it do you say that to
all the girls in me you know like the
other girls in Minas there's something
special I don't trust him anymore he
just wants my bloody pussy up I wrote it
it's covered my bub oh shit my bum oh no
I mean ok I'm going for it oh shit up a
hole I'm a hoe Jody got into a hole move
away I don't want a kiss sorry sorry
thanks for the dance man but I think
I'll pass
Oh awkward awkward
alright guys its future Brandon here now
I while I was editing this video I kind
of want to see what would happen if I
would kiss him okay so I'm gonna go see
what would happen
Oh No okay let's do it oh shit screech
this is so cringe oh my god Jesus Christ
was that it oh my goodness
okay I guess go back to Pauls Brandon
yeah Oh guys guys oh my goodness
okay and Jodi give us a demonstration of
her super mega power how'd you know
about that
oh great idea I'd pay to see that no I
don't want to forget it it's just a
little bull
oh I'm Jody show us what you can do
brushing Jody you know for demonstration
um just kidding me just then oh shit
um um um um no Paula no no no IIIi don't
have I don't have powers I told you so
guys it's all bullshit oh shit
peace alright okay guys it's time to eat
that delicious cake and most important
to open-mike birthday gifts oh oh she's
not gonna like my present
I got her a book oh shit sleep the cake
and wait I'm opening my gifts first oh
no I hate this go love Jen xxx xxx oh
that's nice babe yeah but it's kneesocks
what'd she get Christmas Ong just
exactly what I needed
now you can stop stealing your mom's and
in period chances of finding decent
boyfriend yeah
that's disgusting a thong teacher lover
wants to thank you for making his life
more interesting she's a ho she's a
bloody ho oh it's my book what is that
an old book it smells funky it's a
really rare collection poems by Edgar
Allan Poe hey curling whoo what did you
steal this from your Grandpa's library
no no and it's really rare yeah and just
like your dress this go for bloody home
no seriously is this a joke oh I can't
believe we came all the way to my
birthday party just to give me this old
crap and she thinks she's so clever
she's just a little lab rat a freaky
little lab rat
she's been following me around like a
popular evening you bloody off forward
Oh
treyton she's a slut too I'm not a slut
I never wanted to invite her my mommy
oh no no no yeah she's a slut I'm not a
slut it's nothing a witch I'm not a
witch we should like do something to him
no what did you with witches you burn
them oh my god Wow tip I did I did I did
I did get off me get off me right now
you're mighty know what i doing evil
kids all these guys please let me out
first moment I start bagging you please
let me out
hey someone's sake chase please I wanna
get out I wanna get out I'm so sorry
Jody how mean what a bunch of assholes
they locked me in the bottom of the
stairs oh she can't breathe okay open
the door open the door open the door
open the door there we go
oh no poor Jody or go Oh Jody
leave or revenge what do I do yeah I'm
only gonna do we are going again ah
revenge goiden hey what can I do huh
what can I do
birthday cake mess up the bat okay
funny Steven oh it wasn't me I didn't do
it this time
oh shit okay that's not it not mess up
the cake Oh shake the table that's crazy
I'm getting out of here
no you're not no you're not okay wait
for me the door it won't open
impossible try harder Gilles give him
calmness there's no reason to have yes
there is man come on oh hi run and hide
go 9-1-1 cuz that's all that's going to
save you
tell them all and where's that stupid
boy
you think you're gonna get away with it
yes
ha ha ha never again I'll go get this
get this get this
ha ha ha ok let's go girls go stupid
birthday go oh shit
Rex ha ha I don't care now sorry I want
to I want to kill these guys oh my god I
think I don't think I'm killing them oh
my god I they're dead they're dead
oh my I think I have an option of
killing them oh my god oh my god oh shit
Oh No
during outside risk Kirsten
it was Kirsten
let's go home um I'm not sure if Roberto
is right I can resist Oh 68 percent
didn't get drunk okay so I had an option
of drive getting drunk 46 percent pushed
Matt away oh shit
mention I kissed him 75 percent attack
the teen's haha okay they're just
they're just as evil as me 45 percent
refused to smoke really majority of
people smoked Jesus Christ to give in to
peer pressure I hid my powers like 66
percent 53 percent didn't burn the house
I had the option to burn the house down
oh my god luckily I stopped when I did
okay ladies gentlemen I'm gonna end the
video here that episode was definitely
so much fun I'm really enjoying this
game and I know you guys are really
gonna enjoy it too let's try and hit
10,000 likes when we do I will upload
the next episode straight away anyway
guys oh if they guys so much for staying
with me for this series it's gonna be a
whole lot more fun and yeah I'm gonna
video here thank you guys so much
watching and I will see you in the
goddamn next video man see later guys
love you ba that
