okay hello everyone how is everyone
doing in this mess yourself there today
we are back with sneak-thief baby now
thank you guys so much for the support
on the previous sneaky videos I actually
love this game so much so I'm glad we're
kind of doing it as a series all right
as soon as this video reaches 20,000
likes I'm gonna upload the last episode
okay guys now we have five more levels
left okay and this one called nuclear is
insane okay so what I'm gonna try and do
in this video is I'm gonna try and do
the lab the data center and the diamond
heist
alright let's first go start off with
the lab okay look guys it's snowing I
need to leave with 1 million dollars
what the hell is going on here
breakfast warning no trespassing area is
monitored 24/7 intruders maybe something
so it seems like something is happening
in this lab over here oh and they have
gods patrolling the area oh my goodness
how many gods are there what shit is
going on in this bloody government lab
oh no times in this series which I've
pretend to get shot and died is it's
quite ridiculous I'm gonna stop doing
that
okay so I'm going to avoid them by going
over to the right all right let's check
the back of the lab because maybe
there's like a secret entrance cuz I
can't go in there in the front entrance
there's too many buddy guards look guys
there's a back door I love going through
the back door especially men's let's
open the door Oh oh my gosh look guys as
a guard right there
oh no we're turning around there's a
guard right there guys oh I could just
take his gun from his hands
well now you got no gun oh my God look
how many other nah I'm dead look he just
walked past can I sneak up on him oh no
oh no press e to take down look I know
hub is gone oh we have a weapon guys
this is how we do it stealth okay what
the hell what the hell's going on guys
what are they doing experiments on these
people press e to take down what the
hell's this chemicals
what does shit are they doing in this
government lab they heard this can kill
this poor man do experiments on him oh
my goodness man The Geysers are so sad
okay we are in a government lab taking
bloody chemicals oh my goodness these
chemicals are worth so much government
documents we're stealing
the government take the pills all my
goodness guys guys I feel bad all right
I don't wanna steal from the government
okay all right I've stolen everything
from this room we need to be very
careful guys there's God's everywhere in
this lab Mitch Khan Bates come to the
door got 13% now if I get shot once and
I'm dead oh just got shot do you think I
should just try and shoot everyone guys
oh no they're coming they're coming
they're coming they're coming
Oh bitch oh no it's too hard man okay
there's a guy huh there's a guy right
there
okay hasn't sue she doesn't see me yet
oh no he's coming all shit he saw me I'm
just gonna shoot my way out guys come on
come for the good comments I was very
careful
all right sneak up behind him sneak
behind him easy easy easy
yeah that's right taken down bitch okay
guys there's God's right outside but I
think it's all silent okay
let's search this place oh my goodness
look guys if the government labs what
the hell they doing
creating chemicals and making drugs need
to be very careful just take everything
take everything take all the government
documents take all the chemicals on my
greatest guys clothes of God right there
okay we need to be careful okay we need
to be so careful guys oh my goodness the
government service oh my oh it's just a
broom okay oh look at this place guys
what the hell they doing over there why
is this lab full of all these chemicals
being guarded so much and look they
could just got drugs just all just hit
tank guys something scary about this
there's an upstairs area okay be careful
be careful
this goes to look these two guards are
guarding something obviously that's what
gods do there's a room there and I'm
pretty sure they're guarding something
secret oh this poor guy what's he like
the government they're doing some crazy
drug experiments oh my goodness they all
guys need to get the hell out of it a
lot of it all right the gods are there
we need to be very careful and very
sneaky okay let's make sure the gods
don't oh there's a guy there oh my word
what am I gonna what am i doing what am
i doing what am i doing oh my goodness
how has he not seen me how do you not
see me I just love walking in one space
yeah it's great right stupid man crazy
man okay I need to steal a million
dollars worth of shit and I'm only on
70,000 what the hell am I going to steal
oh my word what is this a new gun okay
guys okay we're doing it we're doing it
baby
so do I have to press these if I press
these switches the stability goes down
oh look it's winning the more now we
need a completely red oh my god oh look
guys I got the stability too full red do
you think if I have to make this button
this this thing will open or guys were
inactivate in three two one oh my god
guys we just explode the place we just
leave blow the place but this guy's not
alerted he's just still still walking at
that border they got him what were they
guarding what were they guarding miracle
trunk what does this take miracle drug
what kind of drug is worth 20 million
dollars what government drug are they
making right now what's so special about
this drug amazing this week
we just stole 20 thousand would have
done oh I just ran in a circle we need
to leave right now
really run run forget the government
documents forget them chemicals we just
robbed the one before there's a guy
that's my son of a bitch or I wait to
get out of it come on come on come on
come on go go go go run run run run run
oh my goodness so many chemicals run go
find everyone the drug does wonders we
just came into a skate skate skate
god damn in a store the one Detroit and
everything man I knew I shouldn't have
smoked it okay don't do drugs kids okay
oh you kidding me now to do the whole
thing again oh god damn it if I didn't
pretend to do the drugs just for to make
that skit funny I probably would have
would have finished the mission just
then in there I press the button boom
there we go baby take the milk with dog
take the milk with drugs take your take
your ticket boom or I take take take
drugs just run just run just keep going
go go go go
alright I think the coast is clear I
think we're doing the stealth dice easy
no one see me no one see me go go go
climb the rocks climb the rocks maybe
that's what I'm talking about man just
stole 20 millions of the miracle drug
and trust me guys this miracle drugs
amazing
we're gonna be doing is the datacenter
what kind of center of the data hmm so
it seems to be an office of some kind
and oh my goodness wise are so laggy on
the left-hand side oh there's a bit of
scaffolding hey I'm a sneaky thief and
I'm sneaking through the upstairs
scaffolding the scaffolding leads to a
roof look guys there's a bloody vent
we're gonna go in the vents okay guys we
are now hiding and running in the vents
okay I don't know which way to go but
we're gonna find our way out okay oh my
goodness where these events gonna lead
to where these basically - oh there
seems to be a little bit of a thing but
I can't walk past this now because of it
okay well alright this is a great game
design anything on this side hmm
there's a door or I'd be very careful we
don't know what kind of place this is or
we know it's a bloody data center well
they're keeping in the lockers okay
money and a phone oh we found a gun it
got this gun baby okay you do not want
to make me use this thing look guys
there's some guy guarding the room over
there is there any other guys over here
oh my goose think of elevators look at
this place oh they want me to steal and
infiltrate this big place what the
hell's this enter password hint a period
or measurement of time and it's four
letters you guys you guys know what is
okay alright take some time or do some
thinking or I do you guys know what it
is uh H oh you are hmm the mainframe
system operation shit a bloody switch
would that do what did that do what am i
doing in this place what the hell's
going on guys do you think we should try
and kill this guy oh no oh no go
talk it down give me your a k47 t piece
of shit so it looks like it's a bunch of
offices but what do these offices are
hiding that that cost so much money I
can't speak English what million dot
still a million dollars from this place
alright this seems to be an upstairs
area be very careful
oh no there could be enemies anywhere
look how many computers they have am I
meant to be stealing 1 million dollars
worth of computers there's a guy that
there's a guy there's a guy that cars
you see that there's a guy right there
what am i this guy saw me I didn't even
realize but he was missing me because
he's a is a shit shot but I managed to
get headshot and that's right I'm an MLG
oh my word look how many lasers there
are and it looks like that's a turret ok
so I do not want to go into that room
what's in this room more late well it
seems like there's a power line going to
this room is there power
oh there is there's a switch right here
if I press the switch ok alright these
these lasers are still active but these
ones are now gone ok and all right we
can go into this room it's the office of
the person that runs the place look even
has a submachine gun Jensen turn up
he has a bachelor's degree in Business
and Economics poor jets and a turn now
okay we just killed this guy an ID card
so we now have the key card boards the
key card be useful guys I think they
want me to sneakily go through these you
know lasers and make sure I don't you
know trip the alarm
all right ready for it ready for it now
oh my god I did it to do for easy oh my
god guys I managed to get through it
oh that was so sneaky guys all right so
we're on floor two now we want to go to
floor three right now we are under floor
three let's go to the top floor number
four what what's gonna be here what's
gonna be here is this
we have infiltrated the data center all
right guys we to be very sneaky there
could be people guarding this place oh
no is that a turret easy oh there's a
guy there gamma gamma gamma gamma anyone
else anyone else want to come to kill me
come on come on show your face show your
doctor your face
what is this guys it's just a bunch of
servers how much was a steal stuff from
this place oh this is where I put the
key card oh my word what the hell is
going on here let's take data storage we
have 17,000
oh that was worth a million what was on
that hard drive where it was on that
hard drive was worth a million dollars
good guys need to go we need to get the
hell out of him right now call the
elevator go go go
floor one
talking about baby oh my god did you see
that lay 7 1 million dollars in the bank
okay cool so those levels actually
weren't that hard okay I mean that one
was was meant to be hard but let's just
do the diamond heist
okay the last a hard mission bhavam the
university won but shut up okay guys
we're in we have the task to steal a
diamond this diamonds worth a million
dollars okay so let's check the right
hand side oh there's a guy right there
yeah that's right yeah just Jimmy just
piss off okay let's go to the left
alright cuz there's a guy with a gun on
the right what's going on here what's
going on here oh there's a ladder up to
the roof go go go what's on the roof was
on the roof is another vent
it's another vent were going in the
bends gasps oh there's a guy there oh
did he see me
no oh I took a stun okay well thanks for
your guns sir I'm gonna go hello oh oh
I just ran over tripmine okay okay
there's the police officer he is
guarding the place we're gonna wait for
him to walk past easy easy
go go go go go go go go go go that's
right snap his bloody yet neck why take
his gun we now have a gun baby gold bars
just keep gold bars worth $60,000 here a
grenade Oh guys I think I found the head
office I think I found the head office
room eight six four seven is that the
code for the diamond I think it is guys
alright top floor seems clear let's
check out the bottom floor oh look
here's the cold six four eight seven its
unlock heed we need to be very careful
guys this is a diamond heist okay
they're probably guard of this place to
hell hello anyone here guys look oh my
word oh my word look at this diamond we
need to turn off five six what the hell
am i alone down here
lasers and everything what are we gonna
do oh my goodness guys I can't die I
can't die I can't die
damn I spent all that time getting to
that point just for me to die I'm sad
let's try this shit again guys okay we
to be very good that's right take down
bitch
oh no I'm dead shit man come on come for
the door come for the door oh my god
guys there's so many guys coming off the
minute so many guys coming up to me I've
got them all that's right take that you
bloody son of a bitches all right guys
there's five switches which we need to
press I don't know oh god alright jump
over that okay go go go what do I have
to do what have to do okay we could turn
the five switches I think go go go go go
go oh no there's a room here what the
hell what how big is this place look
guys there's a switch right here alright
that's one switch down or go go go go oh
my goodness guys there's so many rooms
what the hell where where am I going go
down here Oh Lord okay what do I do now
oh look at this place it's a maze what
the hell a spike pit down here Oh God
okay okay switch number two there we go
alright so we went from up there so we
have to go to the side oh my god that's
switch number three all right be careful
Brandon switch number four one more
switch guys mmm the lost switch he said
it is that everything is that everything
oh my
that asshole died
$10,000 turns into $1,000,000 go go go
go go we escaped just escape escape
escape weeds escape with the bloody
big-ass diamond go go go go shoot the
window just go just go just go just go
go go go relieve it what ok ladies
gentlemen that was me playing sneak
thief and doing all the the hard
missions there in emissions we have left
now is the University and nuclear so
yeah if you guys want to see that 20,000
likes I will upload the next and the
last episode straight away thank you
guys so much for watching this series I
absolutely loved it and enjoy it and
I'll see you in the next video man so
let the guys but boy Koff your mum
they're not gonna be able to tell the
difference between Hey
