oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
you dismiss yourself it act a dilation
we are back yet again without a synonym
Creed oh oh hello sexy lady Jorge Orta
bike oh shit this is bad news
Oh Oh double combo okay guys I'm
planning his jacob jacob met any one
thing right now Jacob is a Jamaican name
Emma tell you one thing right now I'm
gonna be the shit out of all these rich
hippies this is probably the worst start
of a video ever
oh so much has gone on and the videos
only just bloody started seriously
German we are back with the Assassin's
Creed now you're probably wondering
Brandon what are we bloody doing in
today's episode well I have something
very special in store so now this is
currently what my map looks like as you
can see I have gone a fair bit all of
the Whiting's okay it's not red anymore
okay somewhere some of its red but not
as much now what we are going to do lay
shinmin is if you see on the River
Thames there is this thing right on the
edge that says 42 World War one every
day slaves gentlemen the portal to World
War one
excuse me sir excuse me I couldn't get
to World War one I said excuse me Oh Oh
didn't do anything okay lowly screen I
thought it'd be a bit more dramatic than
that oh hello again
follow Lydia to
and me Bob oh shit who is this oh my
goodness and here we are World War II
and then so enough role play yes there
is this part of the game okay that I
just discovered like like a couple of
days ago that you could go into World
War one London where the bloody Germans
are attacking for oh bloody London we
grow same bloody hunky so this part of
the game is set after the current
Assassin's Creed syndicate and we're
playing at this bloody hole I don't know
what a name is oh we are playing as
Lydia Frey Lydia is Jacobs granddaughter
she is looking fine why would I go to
suck on her titties okay so in this map
you could do a whole lot more different
stuff a competitive Cappetta
the base game look up or oh bloody
London he's being attacked by the poor
children so Claudia okay so here's the
map of World War one okay I think the
first thing we should do is go to the
viewpoint I think this is London Bridge
I don't know wake up man we are we at
war okay stop dicking around in your
bloody boat she look a bloody London
Bridge it's bloody tall out buying
buying buying buying mine okay well that
was actually really quick
god bless this grappling hook Oh Eagle
piss off this is my view
whoa war one I don't know much history
but I really hope we want it just look
at this place though guys bloody ell
okay so it seems like there's three new
activities in the fold for one London
you've got the Zeppelin raid which is
the bloody Zeppelin's Clarence stock
house I don't know and you've got the
spy hunt okay let's first do the
Zeppelin raid oh shit was that a British
soldier oh shit I'm killing the British
soldiers oh shit this is not this is not
very patriotic
guys I'm sorry guys please I can we just
can we just ignore this I'm so so sorry
whoops
anyway let's do it this mission shared
reached the antiaircraft on you hear
that huh bloody London's getting pumped
pilot the Germans come on Lydia you've
got to go reach there and go and kill
the aeroplane shit I just don't know
what we're doing this mission oh shit
destroy the first way to plate oh shit
plate bombing you German scum
no offense to my German viewers you're
ok now but back in the day you a bunch
of assholes
oh no no ow ow oh good one or gonna lon
oh shit the Germans have come from
Germany how did you get here so fast huh
kick her off ha ha ha good night can I
shoot the tower oh shit I should
probably not do that to poor ol London
oh no no no this should be ok you know
what
I'm not good at the Zeppelin's alright
it's bloody hard ok so we're gonna move
on to the Clarence stock house I I still
don't know what that means you were
entering a spy hideout Oh shitty uh I'm
a good guy I'm I'm not German I mean I'm
German I couldn't talk oh my goodness oh
my oh my oh my goodness how many bloody
Germans are there what are you doing
what are you staring at
hello are you ok um ok I'm just gonna go
up hello just just because of my art ok
so apparently we have to steal three
documents and destroy the spies military
equipment or shit the guys coming the
guys coming shit what do I do
should I miss all oh you can't see me
John Cena
okay there's another spy outside should
we kill him or do the stealthy easy
don't see me don't see me uh still oh I
did it okay goodbye oh bloody out look
how many enemies they are one two three
four five six seven eight nine ten
eleven
I'm surprised I can count the high okay
be very sneaky very sneaky kill this fly
and a bloody bomb steal the bloody shit
from his bum that's right he's number
wise actually why might wanna spare your
life you bloody spy guys I have this
thing called a hallucinogen dot and when
shot it makes people go crazy go crazy
oh shit look at him he's going back he's
like oh bloody hours away baby I'm gonna
go carry him out village if you Oh
hahaha okay now I could just sit here
and loot him alright but before I go I
need to destroy the military equipment
if I take this box ignite it you gotta
go box please don't just piss a blob on
my hands please upload my hands it
worked
come here bleep it's gay come on not
going to hurt you I'm bloody well died a
bloody about it ignite the bloody box oh
I feel like a girl oh shit it went out
the window the Gloria was an explosion
um with your school go here actually
this seems like a perfect opportunity
okay and here is the lost equipment so I
just do this and see you later crocodile
ah boom yeah baby
spa hideout completed one step closer to
defeating those bloody German DPS Oh
what's this Oh
oh I was slow the very sight of your
kind in the same way you were coil in
the presence of an arachnid what the
bloody shit is this bitch talking about
oh my goodness where's she going now
oh shit I remember that happening in
World War I mean I did it okay so the
mission we are going to do now is a spy
hunt we are going to hunt down the local
fairy Quinn's go oh shit
I don't know what this mission is but
I'm guessing I have to locate and kill
them listen young lady's pasa Sarah
twins are targeting triage center
stealing with the overflow of wounded
soldiers from nearby hospitals please
kill them I love how I don't question
anything I'm like yeah I'll take your
word for it okay
they're probably mad oh just kill people
because you told me to
oh I'm here locate the nurse and locate
the accomplice drop the nurses body in
the morgue what I'm giving nurses now
Laurie Ellen Burstyn the bloody Germans
my soldiers I I I'm with you no please
don't shoot me please okay this is this
our our guys please okay let's try this
shit again all right stay out of the
searchlight beam to avoid being shot by
snipers I have to kill the nuts now so
I'm not allowed up up there cuz I'll get
shot by snipers I'm not allowed to walk
past them how to Pilate answered
imminent okay I'm gonna have to oh shit
no no no no no no no no no no no no
sorry soldier
I'm sorry if we're little child
Annabelle she's gonna grow up without a
father or does a guy over there messing
around results I know I want to do couch
you okay he's gone
what's your name uh whichever now like
oh my god Sara how funny would it be if
you just got like so totally killed that
soldier over there
shit desert us desert us how do we
bloody well kill her without a rule
bloody Oh easy easy
kill the knife I don't know why we're
doing this oh shit I'm sorry
all she wanted to do is help British
soldiers why am I doing this goes Erica
Oh Sarah Sarah's dead are we gonna do it
yeah baby we did it we could play the
spy hunt and look at that Winston
Churchill supports us more I don't know
who that is
listen you think you're funny because
you can do that stupid echo voice I can
do that I am a woman made of blue
squares and chick I am God this has been
like the world war one section uh it's a
pretty cool add-on you know I had fun
with it it's cool it's cool that it's
here anyway guys I'm a nobody oh here
Levi goddamn like if we reach eight
thousand likes I'm gonna do one more
Assassin's Creed video on Jacob because
I didn't really I'm really made I don't
really played around with him yet and
also there's so much stuff that I
haven't done yet so uh let me know if
you guys want to see more such as creep
like I said I think this is one of the
best Assassin's Creed until Black Flag I
think Black Flag was probably a bit
better than this anyway guys all they
get so much watching and I'll see you in
the goddamn mix with your man see you
later guys love you Baba
don't let go Jack
don't let go
there's nothing
my heart
the girl
they tease
you
