Oh Oh shake it donut shake it oh yes
whatever it is look lad is oh my
goodness look at that ass hello everyone
how is everyone to win it you smash
yourself in and today ladies gentlemen
you guys read the Tarot
we are back with the seams Wow
so in today's video ladies gentleman we
are doing something very special
it's taken me a very long time to do a
video on this but we are going to be
modding The Sims 4 now the modding
community for the sims 4 isn't all that
great because most these people who
played this game are teenage girls but I
have found a select few that I thought
would be a good loss okay now the first
mod I have installed is basically a body
changing mod and what it basically does
it gives you no limits to your character
as you can see from the bottom of my
bloody column help my sims may have
changed a little bit ok let's first
check out baby slut oh my goodness
oh my goodness baby slut where's your
oh my goodness your bloody head gone
look it's just a giant lip okay let's
check out lady bakery oh my goodness Oh
what happened your bloody keys oh my
goodness what a fight on their gonna
nose oh my goodness you're uncomfortable
yeah you're making me pretty
uncomfortable Jesus Christ I love your
unibrow Brandon look at that it's got it
matches right up your nose okay let's
check out little slut oh my goodness
slab what are you doing
oh my goodness and look at her face what
happened to it
it's oh my goodness hotties are bigger
than a bloody head what is this okay
look at the bloody teaser okay enough
messing around slut what about bloody
doughnut okay she looks normal in the
picture oh no she hasn't got a head oh
no what is she doing was she eating oh
no where's that going okay I don't know
I don't know what what what she still
got part of her hair coming out of her
head I don't know where that foods going
I'm pretty sure this is something you
see from the depths of hell okay nugget
looks fine this picture I'm guessing
something or it looks fine
knock it looks absolutely fine nugget
are you okay oh okay oh okay so I'm
Stephanie's face too
I understand I don't understand I'm lost
for words
okay what about Kelly Kelly wake up
bullshit I can already see the picture
Oh
what is with the girls in that bloody
dick days okay so like I said before
this basically changes the limits on on
the the characters okay
so you can make them as much as big or
as small as you'd like as you can see
this is very small
clearly Shane got a bloody hell okay I
just realized how funny sluts looking
kill me okay let's first start off with
her bloody did these okay so I think
this is how big the titties can get okay
now the question is how tiny can they
get oh oh my goodness oh my goodness
okay okay okay
smaller smaller smaller oh my god I
turned her into a bloody man slut slut
where's your bloody dick he's gone she's
my goodness look at that face this is
just freaky I can't imagine what with no
bloody titties okay I mean I don't know
which one's better this way Jesus Christ
look at that face like you need to sort
out your face okay okay this is um you
know what's let me leave it like that
what the hell why is Brandon's head so
big okay then okay then you know what
Brannon there's a bloody good look for
you uh Kelly I am so sorry you look just
like slut okay let's try and make a
normal okay here we go all right I've
got no words I'm just going to move on
to bloody donut I'm just gonna move on
to bloody in the baby okay okay let's
first off by giving you a head okay
there it is
not so big um okay I'm just gonna leave
a light down Jesus Christ I pick your
anus looks scary
look at bloody you can see that little
tiny map sana okay let's give dawn up
ahead because I feel bad oh my god look
at the bloody picture okay now I know
why I did not touch Sims for months
before this okay this is bad
is everyone okay Brandon with his
massive head Jesus Christ I knew I was
big-headed but this is take it to a
whole new level
dad dad hello slut
ah you're working out okay that's pretty
good that's like a good thing I've got a
mirror here
Brian you ok struggling over there okay
don't skip leg day okay you definitely
need it to stay in proportion of your
bloody head okay Wow
I don't know how you made it through
that door baby slut I can't tell if
she's happy or not I think she is you
eat cake comment down below who do you
think the funniest looks the funniest
okay because I think it's definitely
gonna be donut look at that shit okay so
that was the body no sliders mods okay
it basically adds no limits to how you
can change their the size of shit
alright so the next mod I've added in
these gentlemen is the twerking
okay now what this basically means as
you can might have tell it allows you to
twerk
okay so I haven't tried it out yet let's
give it a go
okay donut uh can you please do
something for us Oh shake it
oh yes so now it is looking at is oh my
goodness looking at a bloody spider oh I
don't know what this is okay she's
bloody bombing the floor I do not even
know what the bloody Alice's oh my
goodness baby slut has started to dance
I don't even know what this is gonna
look like maybe start okay well this is
just that this is amazing this is
definitely a site a site yeah oh yeah oh
yeah shake it shake it guys shake it oh
yeah I thought what this is this should
have been the Halloween special because
this is scarier Shh
okay shake it guys shake it shake that
ass okay okay okay guys I hate to break
up the party but not least stop it Jesus
okay now we've checked out too much
we've checked out that the body mod
clearly okay uh
now we've checked out the twerking mod
okay I think that's working is
definitely something that I'm going to
keep okay so now I've only got just one
more mod less because like I said the
morning community in Sims is not not
that big okay now the mod I am going to
check out now is the murder mod okay so
what the murdered mod basically allows
you to do is that it replaces the hand
buzzer with okay and once used the
person who gets buzzed will bloody die
of electrocution now the question is
what sim looks like a murderer
maybe slut will you be a murderer okay I
don't think it's a good idea for him to
my people because he does definitely
stand out Oh
coffee's ready where's the coffee go oh
okay you're definitely not a murderer ah
are you okay I'm gonna leave before
things get awkward
okay the same with Brandon he's got a
big head the same with donut because
she's got a little head okay I have
decided that nugget is dumb to be the
murderer he definitely looks the least
suspicious out of everyone okay okay now
before we go out murdering people okay
we need to come up with the disguise all
right all right we need an outfit that
is very mysterious okay a criminal
outfit and here we are ladies gentlemen
nugget the murderer oh yeah look at him
he looks like a stone-cold murderer just
sitting there waiting for its prey
watching bloody TV and eating cereal
sure okay now what we're gonna do is we
are gonna go outside into into the world
and murder some people look at all these
culprits that I can't bloody murder like
this guy now the thing about murdering
people okay we can't do it during the
day because look how many people there
are there is two men
bloody witnesses okay so we need to come
back at nighttime and bloody kill them
all
okay the Sun has set the moon is out now
is the time for murder okay we're here
at the Mongolia
blouson Bock are you ready nugget okay
let us now look for God boots oh shit
who is that oh no kid nugget no no no
now turn out oh crap there's more people
here Kelly what are you doing it huh
okay nugget this is meant to be a bloody
stealth mission okay don't make fun out
of them oh shit that they all good
mister places they have okay his face is
squashed she's got plenty titties okay
yeah definitely okay knock it shut up
okay this is not the time for
socializing all right when we must find
a culprit that hasn't found us yet come
on come out come out wherever you are
Oh what's this this woman is playing
chests nugget pretend that you know how
to play okay don't don't lose hope okay
where's she going
oh shit okay no gate delay taken away
come on mother okay take it easy nugget
okay just just give her a simple hello
all right she's not scared of you even
though she should be I don't even know
what she's doing at the park at 12
o'clock at midnight okay okay let's go
all the way in the corner she doesn't
even know what to expect
she doesn't even know what's going to
happen I don't know why I'm at the park
at this time foreplay seems fun the goal
seems clear there is no simms do be seen
oh why did the mud work
I could have sworn it was working
earlier okay what if I add her to my
family
oh she's in our family and then if I
kill up okay I guess okay I guess you
can only kill people in your family not
it why you sad you make to be a
stone-cold killer okay
and you're the one who bloody Gilda Oh
Shaitan well rest in peace that dija oh
shit she was a teenager
oh bloody got her family must be so sad
this murder some more people oh look
another shit playing chess nugget get
over here
Oh where's she going goodness sake they
always go away when I wore not one I
just want to play some chess oh my
goodness look at this girl the way she's
walking she's bloody angry okay it's
okay
I just have a relaxing game of chess
checkmate nugget oh listen you bloody
old oh shit this bloody girls being a
third wheel
listen ordering up piss off okay buddy
Jaden Jess you bloody ho that's it
you're going to bloody die quickly take
these guys into our secret corner hey
hey what's happening why why they're in
the bloody floor I know good comeback go
on nugget bloody killer killer toy Oh
sickness I die how can you see Tommy Hsu
let it go it's okay
oh shit there's witnesses nugget there's
witnesses we need to take care of them
we need to take care of them Oh grim
reapers doing push-ups over here um it's
okay
must work out must get dealt to like me
you know what I think it's okay all
right there stargazing they having a
good time I don't think this girl's
gonna say anything oh no no not it's do
that okay
oh Jesus Christ just more witnesses okay
guys I could just murder everywhere in
the park as much fun that is I think I'm
gonna end the video here I wanna fit
guys so much watching
I'm trying to think of new ideas for
sims 4 so if you guys think I should
it's still do it even though I like I'm
really thinking of like some interesting
ideas leave I got I'm like let's try and
hit 10,000 likes if we can do it I'll
upload another simple every caught and
maybe I'll wait to the DLC that comes
out in December for them for the sims 4
but yeah only that guys I'll leave up to
you anyway guys all they got so much
watching and I will see you in the
goddamn mix with your man still any guys
who love you
ba back
