hello everyone how is everyone - winning
a special selfie at today lazy man we
are back yet again with the fall out 3
look at me I'm so bad I okay I need to
calm down a little bit I am so excited
ladies gentlemen because fallout 4 is
just around the corner so today ladies
gentlemen could be the last fall out
three video you hear that dog meat it
could be the last time so sorry don't
mean it so sad to see your goal so for
this episode guys I really recommend
that you watch the first episode or
fallout free ok it would make a whole
lot of sense because it ties in to a lot
of people that we met in the first
episode so what are we doing in today's
video you may wonder well we are going
back to where it all started vote 101
yeah
so after a certain point in the game
once you travel near vote 101 you get a
certain pop up forge 101 emergency
frequency signal found what good is me
huh clover what could this mean honey
Diddy's huh clover when did you get
their visa I like that shit anyway let's
listen to it this is an automated
distress message from fall tech ball 101
message begins it feels like you left
home a long time ago but I know you're
still out there I just hope you're still
alive to hear this things got worse
after you left my father's gone mad with
power if you can hear this please stop
looking for your dad and help stop mine
I changed the door password to my name
if you're hearing this and if you still
care enough to help me you should
remember it whoa do you know who that
was guys that was my best friend ever
since I was a little child okay ever
since I was a go-go Gaga it was my best
friend
a martyr and here we are guys back where
it all started who would have thought
that I would be back here I've even made
some friends out here in the waist but
who would've thought I would be back
okay let's give this a go activate full
door control pod password a matter
entered oh my goodness
the vault has opened Jim Jim Wilkins
this is you know Jim please please wake
up
no no one find out what am I done Jim
Jim wake up you see this Jericho Jim is
dead why did I leave the boat why did I
leave the vault Jim is dead
and Jim we Steve Steve no Steve Steve
not you they got you the car got bad
roaches they can't you Steve Steve wake
up Steve Steve let's make them a favor
spec they're made look at this clover
Steve is dead and it's all my fault just
because my dad and I left the vault what
has happened to the vault
man what has happened and stop right
there I don't know how you got in here
but hold on oh wait a minute
it's you it's me I hardly recognized you
with all the dust and grime from out
there what did we say huh huh what about
me huh
what what what where the hell is Imagi
so help me God if you were no whoa calm
down there Ahmad is not in any danger
all right officer Armstrong what the
hell has happened down here since I left
everything went crazy is what happened
Oh your dad opened that door bugs
started attacking in people's going
crazy when the smoke cleared there were
a lot of casualties all not many answers
Oh didn't help that our doctor just left
oh yeah yeah sorry about that okay so we
have a new quest and vote one on ones
troubles Jesus Christ so it sounds like
the overseer a martyrs father that's
gone bloody night my doctor you hurt my
head hello that's it old man we're
opening that door and to hell with the
overseers rules what you know I can't do
that Freddy now get back down below
before I have to do something we'll both
regret oh shit what you're gonna lock me
up like you did to broch you can't cage
a tunnel snake man
we rule oh shit straight back oh no it's
gonna go it's gonna guard Freddie hi
just shut up you're cruel crap
Freddie Freddie yo Payne Oh Freddie
Freddie what what Freddie hello
ready Freddie oh shit oh shit
it's bloody aliens what the hell old man
don't you know enough to stay away what
do you mean you almost shot port Freddie
I didn't mean to fire I really didn't it
I just wanted to scare him off but he
had a knife I can't be too careful with
those rebels but you have a gun
Jesus cries out man okay I'm gonna go
yes you do wait what do we what don't
you know enough to stay away huh I
didn't click any think what go away yes
you do oh shut up old man oh goodness
that's - overseer look at him looking at
me oh bloody should be that's so scary
yeah ah I see you've returned Brandon I
dare you to come speak with me it's not
going to end well wait a second I just
realized something
I could have sworn I killed a martyr's
dad in my playthrough you tried together
um it doesn't matter why won't you just
leave us alone
you've done enough damage pelo why are
you so mix wait don't point your gun at
clover you want to fight old man I will
kill you chip chip you okay no no they
got chip thank God chip no chip banana
peel that already go huh oh my god who's
this why won't you just leave us alone
you've done enough damage but please
don't do this
Papa please brother the pig please don't
do this to me you wanna have pepper
Bubba
I swear to God I will kill you so hard
oh my goodness doesn't this bring back
memories
this is where I had my ten year old
birthday party the cake was just that
old lady Parma daddy I'm not up are you
up here Amato
damn look who's come waltzing back into
the vault but it takes some real balls
coming back here after everything you
and your dad screwed up but if you've
got to be back might as well make
yourself useful you gotta help us Virg I
remember you you bullied me when I was a
little ditty okay you picked on my
daughter Garland I was trying to bang
when I was 17 years old what makes you
think I came back here to help you
because you're a goody two-shoes right
what you get off on helping people in
trouble okay so it seems butch wants to
relieve the vote okay so I could help
him catch you later
maybe maybe hmm okay let me first find a
matter I'm a doc Mart oh my god you're
back I'm a surgeon actually came back I
came as soon as I heard you in trouble
Amado oh thank you everything's gone
crazy since you left and now that you're
back you can help set things straight I
will try my best you saved my life back
there no matter the least I could do is
help you out now yes I could matter a
matter I know this is hard to say but it
sounds like your dad has gone bad as
crazy okay he needs to be stopped
you're absolutely right maybe he thinks
he's protecting us but all he's really
doing is condemning us he's a piece of
shit that's what he's doing I will stop
your father and his God's just you will
thank goodness for that matter what I
say he just doesn't listen
oh he'll listen to me all right
just please don't do anything rash or
hurt him all right
what don't hurt him are you crazy
he tried to kill you well yes but he may
have done some terrible things but he's
still my father you know drop the
ghillies for my sake
don't hurt him don't hurt him are you
bloody shit off on my dog eh okay okay
here's the deal
Amata wants me to convince the overseer
to let the people in the vote scavenge
outside the vault because previously we
weren't out loud outside the vault okay
now we have three options we could
either just kill him uh we could talk to
him and convince him or we could
sabotage the whole vault into a bloody
chaos forcing them to leave I mean we
could do that you know Susan who thought
you'd be back SUSE I remember you he was
a bloody bitch in high school okay you
said I didn't have any friends and
anyone could become my friend
you're alive yes I am Susie huh you're
not happy to see me are you up later
now piss off Susie ice went good time we
kill your soul bloody are mmm ready okay
what's in here what's in
as corn on here a measure of you
mistress he would have you done to
Beatrice another patient
what's a DBA appendectomy tonsillectomy
hysterectomy directory huh my willy ah
what the hell happened aunty oh yes a
rather unfortunate incident in all the
commotion miss Beatrice federal the bad
sprain in her left oh what the big one
at all obviously I had no choice but to
amputate the leg sorry to say the
operation was not a success they made
you doctor because my dad left didn't
they
I'm just gonna leave of course of course
don't let me keep you okay see you later
Andy at see you later Beatrice I'm just
gonna slowly back away it's okay
close the door everybody rightly I like
okay so like I said there is three ways
we can solve the vaults problems okay
and the first way we're gonna do it is
we are going to sabotage the vault hey
what's the word uh the bird is the word
I heard old Stanley complaining a lot of
the stuff down in the reactor got fried
pretty bad nothing too bad
yeah but he's always worrying we'll lose
air filtration or whatever of course if
that happened guess we'd all have to
leave the vault then huh ah is that what
you're saying
optional sabotage 4101 destroy the air
infiltration system making them more
leave because they can't believe
underground okay here we are at Fort
one-on-ones reactor level all right here
we go
what you never should have left kid now
we'll make sure nobody ever leaves a gal
over so please over the police I go job
I don't wanna trouble and I shot him in
the head and his legs fell off gotta
love this game oh my goodness I remember
this place this is where I first learned
how to shoot a gun the memories memories
here we go we are at the maintenance
room it looks like we need to hack the
maintenance terminal and vote 101
initiate hacking my Dodge
you
walk along
I'll just keep your head a bit
oh we got it we had that we had the
system okay
run systems purged oh no oh no
I've lost karma oh shit
oh no was I explosion oh my goodness oh
my goodness the vault the boat the port
is breaking down oh no oh no just
couldn't let us live in peace could you
you couldn't have a home so you decided
to destroy ours no that's not that's not
what I did I guess now you don't have
the option to stay in the fault
how many of them do you think will
survive out there they're already in a
panic and running out to their death no
but you won't be joining them outside
I'll see to that myself no sorry
I think I did a bad thing oh shit Amata
thank goodness you're here I told
everyone to wait here for you that you'd
know what to do but they didn't listen
to me with everything they'd been
through they just panicked but I knew
you'd come back
I knew you'd know what was happening you
do don't you
um okay so I could lie to her and say as
her dad said no one would leave if they
all died oh I could I could fess up I
kind of want to lie should I lie I I
knew he was crazy but I never would have
thought he'd try to kill us all it just
doesn't make sense but there's no time
for that now is there
now our only chance is to survive
outside on our own okay am i trying to
help us maybe we'll meet again out there
okay I think I did the wrong thing let's
try and talk to oversee outfit but first
a murder
I'm going to help there's the overseer
okay let's try this again let's try and
talk him out of it well I see you've
returned yes I done with the dust and
ruins of the wasteland are you given up
looking for daddy thought you could just
slink back in like a team missing curfew
no well that's too bad you have no
future in this fault you're tainted
tighted aren't your dad haha I expected
nothing more from you oh shit
okay guys please this is miles my
problem okay now if we want to convince
the overseer to change his views we need
to choose carefully okay
the rebels are right you need to open
the vote what makes you think you know
how better to protect this vault you
simply don't have enough people to stay
isolated down here forever
I admit in the 200 years since the war
our numbers have dwindled a little but
we have enough genetic diversity for a
few more generations oh shit my god
you're right I did it we won't last
another hundred years whether or not we
get supplies from the outside we're the
last bastion of pure humanity and we're
doomed
yeah my way won't save our vaults
mission nor would I let them contact the
outside world I might be able to save
its inhabitants yeah but I'm not the one
to lead them in that I'm stepping down
as overseer I'll tell a model that I can
think of no more appropriate leader than
she I did it and I gave oh I just heard
my father says he's stepping down as
overseer he won't tell me why but I have
to assume it's something you said to him
yeah bloody convinced him well thanks
for keeping your cool and not resorting
to violence that sort of that only lead
to more problems in the future
it's time for a dusty old vault to have
a new beginning and it'll start by
opening it up again yes time for good
good bright new day for the vault but
I'm afraid there's one thing that has to
change
whoa on behalf of the vault I thank you
for all you've done but there are still
men
who blame you for everything that
happened what so I have to ask you to
leave
what I'm sorry but the situation is just
too delicate for you to stay no please
if you really want to help the vault you
have to go what am i - please don't do
this to me am i - please this is my home
too I didn't kill the officer but coz
this is my home I wanna stay I saved the
entire fault and you're kicking me out
no it's not like that but if you stay
it'll just keep causing more problems
more people can't take anymore in
fighting I guess this is goodbye for now
it's not much but take this with you to
remember us by know if I'm gonna go
we'll meet again I don't want to go a
modified utility jumps - is that what
make afraid oh I'm gonna do something I
should have done a long time ago say
goodbye
food 101 has been thrown into chaos oh
shit
better her than me whoops
okay I'm curious what would a MOT to say
if I do kill her dad there we go
problem solved I just heard the overseer
my my father is dead it should be a
surprise
I said I'll kill him and I did you
bastard
oh no my father you're talking about oh
shit as new overseer my first action is
to banish you from vault 101 British
what a friend you used to be the
wastelands changed you now get out of my
vault murderer or to rule those woods
heart
Amata okay you are no longer my best
friend
I have new best friends clover with a
nice pair of adorable titties and
Jericho even though he's really mean
half the time what are we standing
around here for
when there's plenty of action around
okay Jericho I'm sorry okay anyway
that's returning to the vault 101 now
there's some cool things that happen
once you do this mission for example a
butch will leave the vault okay if you
sabotage the boat making all the
residents leave okay a butch will go to
a place called Rivet City okay here we
are
he's River City okay low let's try and
find butch because I think we can talk
to him into joining us oh my god here he
is butch well if it isn't my best gal
the one who sprung me from revolt I
think I owe this lovely lady a drink uh
still want to start that gang butch hell
yeah I do I could be out there and
kicking buddy my own gang and everything
the tunnel snakes could ride again okay
so come along with me and we'll make it
awesome gang yeah yeah
you'd be perfect for my hair you're in
yeah Tunnel snake all right oh no don't
please don't call us tunnel snakes okay
here we go
which is now following us he is part of
the gang this lazy gentleman has been
fallout3 thank you guys so much for this
little bit of a mini-series on a rap to
fallout 4 for our fall comes out next
week I'll have loads and loads and loads
of videos on that okay so leave a like
if you are excited for that for let's
try and reach 10,000 for this last
episode anyway guys I want it you guys
so much watching and I will see you in
the next video man see you later guys
love you blah blah
