whoo hello everyone how is everyone
doing in this mess yourself there today
we are gonna be reacting to some oddly
satisfying videos oh my god Ken look how
they cut this soap oh oh look at this
thing oh I'm so satisfied something that
I discovered about the world is that
there's this thing and there's this
trend online called oddly satisfying
where people make these weird videos
online that are apparently very
satisfying but the weird thing about it
is that these videos get millions and
millions of views this guy playing with
shitty balls got 90 million views okay I
was my fault like at 90 million views
funny one way to find out yeah this guy
can play with his balls 490 million
views but I get D monetize longer hair
this person shredded a hundred things
and got 42 millions now to be famous on
YouTube buying a shredder most
satisfying slime videos ever 41 million
views yeah yeah 41 people are like yeah
let's watch slime videos okay so for
today's video I thought it would be fun
to react to some of these clips okay
it's a weird part of the world okay and
yeah it's really popular okay so yeah
let's check it out figure out why it's
so popular okay cuz I don't I have no
real idea why ok let's first off with
soap videos okay
so they just cut in the salt and it's
meant to look cool because it goes into
little squares okay I keep thinking
they're gonna cut off their bloody
finger calm down okay
but this is it all right it's just a
sister it is a bitch cut in salt okay
and and that's it you know this this
this is this is what this is what the
millions of people love watching okay
some bitch find soul yeah yeah you don't
have to make entertaining videos or
anything
go cut soap on YouTube and you'll get 17
million
yeah yeah that seems fair don't get it
oh oh okay this one's into little slices
okay all right I mean it's not much
different all right is anyone getting
satisfied over this probably not oh
what's this all should put some hands in
okay I wanna be quiet
look she puts a hand in and then ASMR is
meant to make you is feel all tingly
okay but I just feel uncomfortable okay
it just sounds like a well it's not it's
like like some some thick-ass then I
don't know what the hell you're doing
okay all right that's kind of freaking
me out how the hell did she find out how
to make this okay that's what I
wanna figure out a way whoo in that day
decides to make something it's just
okay what's this now okay it's a bunch
of crystals and this gooey thing I'll
tell you now it's going in I always made
a ball whoa whoa okay I mean I guess
that's pretty cool all right a bit
pointless all right and I felt like I've
wasted my time watching it but it's kind
of cool I guess oh great another cutting
salt video okay I don't care about these
okay all right you can stop with a
little squares I don't care oh god oh
god okay please do not do this at home
all right
oh my goodness oh god okay so this is it
they're just gonna cut so okay a bit of
a waste itself I mean come on now
there's a lot of smelly people in the
world okay make sure you're wearing
headphones for this video by the way
okay because this is just disgusting
what does she does this she puts a hand
in okay what is this oh oh wait what
it's to get up with it but it's like
green look at this thing it's like
a fat belly of something or a titty or
something okay look I was just rappin
and stick oh now just grab the piece how
is this Jesus Christ man this is
disgusting okay this lodging thing okay
who makes this style kind of man
perfectly cylinder oh oh okay I want to
cut this I want to cut this look at this
oh okay okay oh I like that okay I
like
mildly are satisfied okay what is this
sand oh and then gonna scoop it up I
guess
listen Oh
oh okay that feels very uncomfortable my
is and then she just lives it and that's
it oh look at think I'm back to normal
okay and I just keep it okay and this is
it this is this is content apparently
nowadays is what this what the kids are
watching okay yeah this is what the kids
are watching okay kids are dying in
Africa all right boy yeah yeah I'm
oblivious to all that alright I'm gonna
go watch a bitch console yeah okay I get
into three chests I can add back the one
chair I put it on the side I go look at
this hole I put this bunch of chairs
then I move this childish yeah we've got
another chair put it down okay I have
all the chairs everybody wanna check on
the chair oh this shelf here look at now
it's a bunch of chairs now I push it
over now I don't know what the hell it
is
okay so this guy has like what is this
okay I have no idea what I'm even
looking at okay it's just the chair
which I guess you can sit on but it can
also be like a bunch of chairs cuz it's
kind of like a a spring I guess
alright but yeah pretty pretty dumb and
pointless honestly what is that okay
that's disgusting okay I don't wanna see
that okay hey I'm a spider I'm a
spider
oh no oh no oh hey snug least ugly you
ain't you see me you see me okay who is
this whoa whoa these bunch of builders
set up all of these bricks to Domino but
one on top of each other okay this is uh
this is the giant waste of that time
okay you can imagine the time that they
spent trying to set this up okay
and it's still bloody going look how far
it goes it goes right at the end okay
why why did I decide to do this I mean
on these guys builders okay on they
meant to be actually you know working
rather than setting up all the
okay the end okay okay that was kind of
worth the wait waiting towards the end
okay alright that was pretty cool and
everything but yeah white wire millions
of people watching this and also why do
those guys waste time doing it okay
anyway okay so this is a world record
for most human dominoes where a bunch of
people just decided one day it's still
bloody going look at this fat girl okay
oh my goodness what's the point what
kind of people decided to do this oh my
word okay
alright there's clearly a lot more sad
people than I thought attempting this
world record okay Jesus Christ do with
your life okay is that your childhood
goals and aspirations in life okay I've
never been so disappointed in you Susan
let's move on to shredding videos okay
this guy's gonna shred of a jar of
Nutella okay is this even gonna work I
only think it will win it
oh okay crack oh oh okay oh my god okay
way to ruin your treasure dude okay oh
oh God oh okay
okay okay well I mean I was wrong okay
apparently you can shred a job Nutella I
don't know why some guy thought you know
today I'm gonna go shred this job
Nutella but you should be glad that it
did because he got 14 million views out
of it 14 million people you know decided
you know let's watch let's watch this
guy you know crush some Nutella okay
okay sing a circuit board now up okay
okay okay I'm not gonna lie guys this
looks pretty cool I've never seen some
tights before all oh my it's a great job
of it
oh my god even its lost piece look Jesus
Christ
okay well that and then is gone you know
one second is there one second it's not
okay I mean I mean I guess it is pretty
cool to an extent but I don't understand
why so many people are watching it it's
gonna do a lot no way
whoa oh it broke they poked her laptop
yeah it's not strong enough
oh my goodness look you're getting all
this out of it and it's gonna do it
again oh my goodness yeah don't break
your own shredder you know you spent a
lot of money on this okay here we go
last bit now oh my goodness oh oh okay
bear with me guys CD Drive
what kind of okay well my guy
decide to go shred a laptop okay
every little bit done there we go okay
you know you started with a laptop and
then now you don't have a laptop anymore
okay describe rock with a laptop just
for this video I mean I guess it's kind
of cool but a bit stupid and pointless
I'm not gonna lie guys okay let's move
on to hydraulic press videos now because
these are very popular too this guy is
gonna crush bottle of coke and is it
okay okay um I'm not allowed expecting
it to break already okay it's still
going okay
okay still okay still going oh okay and
oh okay still going okay
oh okay exploded well actually that was
pretty cool okay
what's not expecting this Cola to last
all the way to the end like that okay
okay that's pretty interesting okay well
why did it do that okay
hydraulic press spot very hot with
matches oh oh okay Wow okay that I did
not know matches would combust that much
okay that's pretty cool I guess
now a Rubik's Cube okay oh oh okay
just gonna melt it okay okay cool that
was that was it that was it I mean I was
so pointless okay what kind of is
this okay let's see this guy's play
with his balls oh oh okay oh okay oh
okay so is just some guy just just
playing with magnetic balls and
apparently people are finding this
satisfying I mean it's just it's just
magnets have you guys never played with
magnets before okay guys playing with
his balls this is it this is the whole
videos he's just connecting it back up
again and then splitting it off again
how is this how is this entertaitment
right now what's going on out in 1990
million people come on guys alright 19
million of you guys are watching this
bloody okay what's 19 million
people watched my shitty videos okay I
will never be popular then some guy or
get you playing this post so I'm going
to point out that this guy goes oh where
the hell his name is
he has a whole channel just dedicate to
shredding okay by the shredder okay
and then just shreds different things
okay look twenty four million people
watch the bowling ball get destroyed and
again I kind of want to see that okay he
has a bowling ball but there's no way
you're gonna work right I mean come on
now that you caught oh it's working oh
my god okay yeah it's not really work
anymore okay the boss has kind of just
keep rolling okay
without a waste of 24 million people's
time okay of course and now he's also
owns a hydraulic press as well okay
because you know you're gonna make that
YouTube revenue okay then again this is
probably gonna look pretty cool here we
go here we go oh oh oh' good guys okay
well that's what inside of a bowling
ball looks like okay alright well now
you know I guess okay guys I tell you
what I'm gonna end the video there that
was me watching some mildly oddly
satisfying videos okay let me know if
you want me to make a part 2 alright
this is just a quick video basically
showing you this weight trend which
apparently millions of people do online
okay which I had no idea about it's
mainly popular on Instagram but you know
what this is like a part of our society
if this video reaches 30,000 likes I am
gonna find out how to do some of these
weird things and actually do them you
know like in real life for a video okay
because I think that's probably more
entertaining than me just watching clips
of other people do it either way though
thank you guys so much for watching this
 dumb video and I'll see you in the
next video man slowly guys
buh-bye
