hello everyone how is everyone doing
Edie smash yourself in and today lace
them and you guys read the tattoo we are
playing the seams oh look a Brannon and
look a slut enjoying their bloody deck
mmm
this cake is really nice what do you
think slut oh my goodness this cake is
just fabulous Oh bleep my plate is so
empty I am so ladies gentlemen they are
eating at the wedding cake from last
episode as the last episode a baby slut
got married to lady baby the new
addition to the family
look how pretty she is she is just like
such a cute little little granny I'm
granny little lady baby McFlurry oh I'm
going to make some cookies for the
family so what are we doing in this Sims
4 video leizerman well if you guys
didn't know halloween is coming up so I
thought it would be a good idea to have
a Halloween episode and Sims 4 actually
released some shitty
Halloween DLC it's not that great I
thought I can't make a video finition
it's black it's barely anything but you
know what I'm running out of ideas so at
the moment it's 9 a.m. okay and the
first thing we need to do is we need to
dress up in our spooky Halloween
costumes okay let's go on to party and
let's see what new outfits they have Oh
what's this the / witch witch oh my
goodness look at bloody Kelly looking
super fine damn the best thing about
Halloween once you get a little bit
older kids is that the girls that goes
they dress up like this look at Kelly
looking so super fine as a bloody rich
okay what other looks have we got oh the
galleons gladder Rix
oh my goodness lady baby slutty look
slutty reporting for duty I will kill
the Romans kill the Romans okay um
role-playing fun okay here's a good idea
let's get baby slut to match with what
is he doing it just like a cloud Oh
what's this the Galleon gladiator draw
your swords man
it is the gladiator shiver me timbers
ladies brandon kondrashov us a pirate
look at him ladies ahoy hoy hoy look at
him he's going to sail the scurvy seas
as a pirate the question is ladies and
gentlemen can slut dress up like a
pirate oh boy
madam little little hood slut as dress
like a pirate oh bloody Brandon and Stan
are gonna drive the Seas of shit one day
what am i doing Jesus Christ like a
stylish donut is looking but donut come
on you got to dress up is there any more
outfits we could do we could do the
fairy fantasy oh damn
donut look how pretty you look as a god
damn little princess fairy yeah okay
guys now the question is is there any
more outfits left for nugget I don't
think so there's a pirate a gladiator Oh
nugget could be a sneaky little ninja Oh
good nuggets sensei trust as a ninja
no one will know what he looks like when
he goes to a god weekend tonight sensei
nugget well okay now the last person we
need to dress up is the bloody uh anus
now can I even dress her up while she's
okay
I don't know I could dress her up while
she's an alien should I turn into human
and then dress her up okay I've altered
you races disguise to be a human and
look how pretty she is
I forgot I forgot what she looks like
when she's not being a bloody alien half
the time okay now the question is ladies
and gentlemen what looks can kids have
we could have her as a little princess
ah what other looks can we have oh we
can have another pirate ha ha ha ha we
can have raised a bloody Pumpkinhead I
think I like that one I doubt the
princess oh we could have the funny bowl
oh okay I think that's it all right I
think I'm actually keeper as a spooky
skeleton okay and I think ladies
gentlemen everyone is now got the
outfits oh look at everybody bust a move
oh yeah can't touch this man I wanna oh
oh oh everybody's getting in the party
mood cuz again excited for Halloween oh
yeah then let's go but oh yeah everybody
dancing everybody dead so what we're
gonna do now ladies gentlemen is we are
gonna go trick-or-treating okay now it's
still day outside so well these two
while these guys are gonna dance we're
gonna wait till nighttime and then we're
gonna go Twix or tweeting okay guys now
you're probably wondering where are we
going to do the Twix and tweeting okay
so basically in new crest what I have
done is I have gone into the library and
I found the three most popular Halloween
themed houses okay and yeah we're just
gonna go check them out see who's living
there you know and just get some goddamn
candy okay here is the first thousand oh
my goodness what is this what is going
on - got a giant ghost over there what
is this a giant pumpkin man look at his
cute little love's
haha what the hell is that like a giant
light on the on the side of the building
- shit this insane so this is why I took
houses from the gallery okay I could
I've done this the original plan was for
me to decorate my house and the
Halloween style but look at this this is
so much better than what I could have
done a spider on the side of the wall
look at this shit man look at this this
is awesome
okay now the question is who lives here
wait what the hell
it's bloody yoda ha ha ha ha
stupid little kid in his yoda uniform
what's his name
Oh is his name is Master Yoda great Jedi
but it's just a little kid ah shit over
here we've got Princess Leia okay
looking super fan look at her it looks
pretty accurate oh my goodness we have
Darth Vader what are you doing in my
house
piss off you bloody guys okay there's
this new interaction if you click on
someone you can either treat or trick
them okay because it's Darth Vader I'm
gonna pick shrink hey Darth Vader what's
down over there haha that's I think I
don't wait up
that's not funny gonna look how well
decorated this inside this house is what
is this a bloody a cupcake machine what
is this bloody shit oh my god Oh what
what is what is this I've never seen
this before
oh my god slightly do you know what you
do it do you know we're doing slut slut
up oh oh
it's gonna explode I know it is I'm look
at the rest of building oh my goodness
look at his green furniture I guess you
can get this with the UH the update look
at this
this bloody a zombie and this bloody
goes gnome okay so that was one of the
houses Jesus Christ look at this it's
like a bloody Halloween funhouse
okay so yeah let's go check out the
other two houses okay it's time for the
second house and oh my goodness look at
this house there's a gravestone no no in
front of it oh my goodness what the hell
just meant to be a bloody rock house
shit okay Uranus since you're the little
kid okay I think you should be the brave
one and knock on that door okay I'm not
looking the door okay they're gonna
buddy eat me okay oh shit here she goes
here she goes oh no be careful be
careful little Uranus okay okay oh no oh
no oh she's gone in um I guess it's not
that scary after all
whoa look at this house look at this
buddy even kitchen oh shit his house is
crazy look at this shit should we go
upstairs who even lives here whoa okay
now this is definitely very spooky oh my
god what is that a bloody mannequin oh
my goodness okay well this is kind of
freaky oh shit look at this a bloody
evil teddy bear wait can we talk to the
teddy bear hug Skelly bear yeah sure why
not go on your anus hahaha what's the
point the stupid bear stupid Lea Raiders
being so cute okay so that was the
second house all right now it's time to
check out the last spooky house and here
it is ladies gentlemen the third spooky
out and definitely my favorite house
look at this
Helene's gentlemen they've got bloody
ghosts in the garden ready to spook you
skeletons to greet you hello skeletons
we've even got a bloody zombie in the
garden the fountain has green water this
is amazing oh my goodness this looks
amazing
oh my goodness okay so now I was meant
to house a Halloween party okay but you
know what I don't think there's enough
stuff look at this house is so pretty
oh there's enough stuff in this in this
in this pack to sort of make a whole
video on it the part what's special
about the party you know we've already
seen all the costumes and stuff so you
know what ladies gentlemen I'm gonna end
the video here this has been a Halloween
special on The Sims 4 yeah I'm actually
running out of ideas for Sims 4 so if
you guys want to suggest me some things
in the comments down below then go ahead
and do that leave a goddamn like when we
reach 10,000 likes I will do another
Sims 4 video I'm gonna try and think of
some ideas if you guys can't give me any
or any of them but er yeah anyway guys I
would say got so much watching and I
will see you in a goddamn next video man
and as always have a very spooky
Halloween I'm just gonna I'm just gonna
stop the video now I'm sorry
