Oh Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam
hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is mr. selfie at the dailies gentleman
yes we are finally back with the hair P
wills now I haven't played happy wheels
in a long ass ham okay now a lot of
youtubers okay a lot of shitty
unoriginal twats okay what they do is
when they go to make the happy wars
videos they go sort by writing or play
count bunch of people trying to take
people's creations and showing it off to
the world but no blaze gentleman not
miss yourself okay he's not like those
youtuber scum okay screaming all the
time alright mister don't don't don't do
that and what we're gonna do ladies
gentlemen is we're gonna try and find
some levels okay that needs some more
recognition alright look at these poor
levels this level has zero pay count
this one
do this one guy has one okay it's just
sad okay we're gonna start with this one
gray of two course sorry is it should I
wish that you like it I'm sorry it's all
bad see this level doesn't look half bad
zero views my daddy let's play the
popular one so we get all the views
sorry don't be a disappointment like you
usually are okay no the reason why I
don't play heavy walls anymore but that
please okay happy with my friends it's
so fun okay okay what am i traveling on
a bunch of gray balls gray tops of
course my ass okay
this level is really good no no no it
really is can't see the detail look they
even put a trampoline in little boy
naughty yell okay what's this chains two
chains three chains inside to change
song here I don't know what I'm talking
about head kiss off you bloody pieces of
wine
what's this of my bloody dick on a
Saturday night
alright I can't get an erection as it's
the end
thank you for playing sorry if you're so
short you should check out my piss off
ok let's play down V I'm not Gordon
alright you have zero views as well but
you know what on a Dutch oh shit I just
pressed the wrong
oh shit irresponsible mod I haven't try
this one hi I'm a responsible mum he's
Daisy at the front guy and here's Stacey
at the back if I can what make Daisy and
Stacey oh is that a name I don't know
irresponsible mine ok ok oh shit be my
vagina ok let's try this again all right
let's stay to do it oh shit what's the
other one oh shit that ordered Stacey's
dead or Daisy I don't know names
dah dah dah this level shit you can't
even give me a Dada Dada I will really
give you 0 stars
I will rate it shitty ok like same when
we are moving up ok we are gonna be
playing a level that has five people ok
five people have judged this and they've
even rated 5 stars it probably was the
guy who made the map Chang Chang the
levels called Palestine
oh god killer oh boycott Israel Oh
don't drink coca-cola oh my god oh my
god I can't I can't alright I'm gonna
need a second what have I just played
I'm gonna take a break okay after that
last level but we're playing obstacle
parkour by Roger Jose zero stars and
only two counts so it's okay it's okay
Joe dad okay shitty map son I told you
dad this is bloody shitty poco poco law
I say this 'never hapless video okay if
you make pogo levels okay and you think
they're fun you could just go and just
shit on your mom's face go grapple cop
death run oh I know grab a coupe okay
he's the bloody gay youtuber okay should
I just try to shy pretend to be Robocop
Diablo I'm sure it will be lovely
okay I'm sure we'll be great what the
bloody shit math quiz part 1 now this is
what I'm talking about baby I was
brilliant at school all the kids were
like I was like it's 5 ok and no vas
shit what's 12 plus 13
it's bloody 25 there we go 20
okay all right calm down all right
what's with this guy's level oh shit
this talati kids alright oh the fat old
woman oh now this man kill yourself
three
oh no more television how am I gonna
watch television reference cuz I don't
watch TV I stop we will never know what
happened to my television Oh LS PD place
are you ready oh shit this is bloody
reference to gta5 is going to be amazing
okay I'm immediately starting to regret
the decision to play the levels that no
one else is played because someone has
to decipher which ones are good and
which ones are bad okay and I feel like
me doing this it's not healthy what am i
doing what what stop I didn't stop shit
off penis right I am gay let's play your
penis volume 1 number 1 I did story vine
number 2 I did the names of the
opponents never free I did ok i cant
count daft if we well cut only one
person wants to drop a bomb on our
refuge you know what to do
eliminate them dananananana new job oh
no - god oh we eliminated oh no ninja ok
Rani Nagi whoa
oh no boss poodle man oh no son you will
have to avenge me Danny I reaffirmed you
I will do it son you disappoint sensei
no daddy please I want to be part of the
ninja shit I'm fulfilling the sensei's
prophecy oh oh oh I don't want to suck
hey hands Willie he's making me do it
all right we made it down here now we've
got to take out ninja Larry did you
Larry
oh no why would you do this I'm just
ninja laddie
boskie killer fly away that's so
beautiful to fly oh okay you know what I
gave up all the shitty levels okay
they're not good
none of them are good okay I don't know
how one magically good one appeared out
of nowhere but let's just do the
suspicious sell out okay let's sell out
and do the highest-rated
new Pogo job not hard okay this one
magically has a 381 thousand views look
how much time was spent on this look at
the originality on this uh-oh look the
things wiggle I give up a big Dodge
no need to make a description okay oh
okay I have two doors like 10 what is
this Oh what the hell's like one two
three
Oh laser like a like a like a Powell's
speedrun dan tan tan tan tan tan tan
this shit's crazy what am I supposed to
do i hours are gonna kill man in a
person impossible jump
they say nine a nine point nine nine but
I always get the 0.1 huh same old shit
see what I mean
see what honey oh shit but I still did
it
hop dodge three stages Harper stands for
harpoon
all right this level doesn't look half
bad now alright this level doesn't look
half bad like I was saying cuz I'm
runnin out see what I mean was that oh
shit it's three harpoon dodges in one
watch me do it
I'll jump oh shit I should probably go
over the line you think I did it oh and
I haven't seen what the third one looks
like but I'm gonna do it it's wait now
last but not least 99.99 what is with
the Impossibles okay it's the same thing
and a Pogo and I just did it oh I'm
ready I'm ready like Freddie
oh this da-da-da-da-da-da
da-da-da-da-da-da da-da-da-da-da-da
local meat I'm a little puffy
Tyla to swim under Darcy tried to reach
the bloody pizza by jumping on the
bloody key under the sea as a little
puppy under the sea I got the Pisa save
yourself
whew well it looks like what we're doing
what you're doing
oh shit but I want to kill bloody City
can you survive
number two harpoon run original yeah
yeah either what how you say that on
happy wheels okay daddy this levels not
original I know son I am the boss of non
original but not pressing anything
Oh this level is original can we got
paid minecraft now shut up son happy was
is better than minecraft okay everyone
knows that
oh shit I'm gonna die shitty today
you're bloody gay that's why we're not
doing it Oh throw yourself what I don't
get it I don't we need to give this guy
name I'm gonna call him fatty boom
Balaji fatty boom Bellotti okay gone
fatty old fatty woman's ID oh that's
very good but it's not the best come on
you fat piece of ass sadly sir boss
crazy glitch oh good girl glitch naked
you said rate five it shall be naked
stop making these levels faggots I
didn't want to see the old fat woman
naked anyway oh shit I checked the
system oh shit oh shit is that a cactus
boosts army contractors oh no sad Falls
okay we can't build with sand because it
falls oh shut up it's not real it's just
a video game you bloody gay ow
you see what happened son my bloody
fapping arm left I'm sorry but I just
love minecraft so much oh shit okay
let's see what this bloody shitty
minecraft level is yeah creep I'm not
scared of you bloody creeper pissed off
okay this this this level actually looks
like though one of the best levels ever
okay it's finished
alright ladies gentleman I'm playing a
lot I think too much of happy words yeah
I still enjoy happy wolves it's it's I
need to go back to it now and again so
leave a goddamn like when we reach
10,000 likes more happy rules do you
guys like happy wills I'm sure most of
you do you know every half of all videos
done very well so I like it
you guys seem to like it so leave a like
for more 10,000 let's try and do it
anyway guys okay guys so it's watching I
will see you in the god that makes with
your mind see later guys love you but ah
