hello everyone how is everyone do we
need to smash a selfie and today lazy
man you guys ready tada we are back yet
again with the whole out tree yeah baby
now look at me ladies gentlemen don't I
look absolutely right I you look at me
I'm so badass - yes loserman we are back
with fallout free now what I've done is
I have installed a bunch of mods I've
installed like armor mods I'll installed
this gun mod look at this new sexy gun I
have in my bloody hands
I've even installed some graphics mods
and you know what I've just made the
game just a whole look a whole lot
better but anyway let's get into the
video now you're probably wondering
Brandon what are we doing in today's
video well ladies gentlemen you know
last episode we visited little lamplight
whereas it was a town full of little
kids and we saved them from slaves okay
now I have loaded an earlier save okay
and we are going to go to Paradise Falls
yet again but this time we're not gonna
save the kids we are going to become a
slaver
now in order to become a slaver we need
to have evil karma but at the moment
lace gentlemen they call me the Messiah
but this cannot be lazy gentlemen we
need negative karma so with the power of
cheats I will grant myself evil karma
my life is so sad at the moment we're in
Megaten and you're probably wondering
what are we doing a Megaton well there
is this special person we can talk to
okay and if we have negative karma he
will join us as the companion let's go
find this with a shit oh here he is
Jericho another one of you wasteland
assholes okay asshole I don't like you
Oh stay clear of me and we'll have no
trouble Jericho you don't look like you
belong here what's your story there
ain't much to tell he used to live out
in the wastes it was a real bastard back
then but I put all that behind me
there's nothing but bullshit out there
killing stealing violence killing
stealing violence sounds fucked you know
I don't miss it sometimes
yeah it's a life of freedom you know
yeah
what crew is gonna take me on these kids
don't know nothing about respect how
about you join with me yeah yeah yeah
yeah drop a thousand caps on me for
supplies know what I'm balling
oh I'll turn the beat up
hey now i'm glenda me Joe Pig Oh baby
this is gonna be great
it's gonna be good old-fashioned violent
violence so now ladies Jamin we have our
very first companion everywhere we go
Jericho will follow us okay so what we
could also do is we can give armor to
Jericho okay and I'm gonna give him
special armor to make him look just like
me cuz look at him it looks like a
bloody game when are we gonna die
Jericho if you look like this yeah haha
look at him now he is joined he looks
like me look at him we look like such a
badass team no mamma jammas gonna get in
our way baby and here we go baby we're
gonna travel the waist now as you can
see things look a bit a little bit
different like the sky doesn't look like
bloody shitty green anymore I've added
some trees and shit you know
Mott's they're bloody good up to where
we are heading now is we are going back
to Paradise Falls okay and maybe just
maybe don't treat Brandon with a little
more respect nobody's allowed into
Paradise Falls except on slaver business
and I get to decide what qualifies as
slaver business oh hey Dad Grouse can i
head up well no I don't think so no no
do you not know who you're dealing with
Let Me In right now or someone's gonna
pay there's no need to flex I was just
playing with you we know who you are
yeah you can come in yeah I have a
mutually beneficial offer for you to
think about what is this mutually
beneficial offer I got this mesma Tron
thing or was a kind of stun gun oh I'd
like you to test it out for me
should make getting slaves easier you
want me to you take his safes shoot it
at some poor schmuck while he's in la-la
land you slip one of these collars over
his head be careful with that collar
it'll explode if you tinker with it
tell us lave to build it over here
pronto or his head Oh pop dear God he
wants me become a slaver he wants me to
capture poor innocent souls and make
them into slaves sounds like my kind of
business Wow
oh okay Jericho stick with me okay now
we're in slave a business now okay just
stay calm and stick with me and
everything's gonna be right what are you
looking at gross what are you hanging
around here for what oh look at that
slaver running away I'll do it you got
it
oh shit okay he bloody dead fuck you
look at that huh what do you you don't
know who I am
huh huh huh now get out of my way okay
forty still Freddie means as always Wow
what are you looking at dude what are
you looking at what's up killer yeah
that's right he knows everybody knows
that I'm a guy hey sorry man let me get
out of your way yeah you better get out
of my way see that's what I'm talking
about they give me the respect I need
man I needed and there's the man in
charge gentlemen eulogy now we didn't
get a chance to talk to eulogy last
episode so let's go see what he thinks
of the new mesh yourself eulogy you must
be our prospective customer and do hope
Paradise Falls can accommodate your
needs now was there something specific
you were interested in I want to buy us
Lane you're in luck
it turns out my girl clover is just the
right little package Lofa what makes us
so special clover is the craziest girl
I've ever seen and I'm an expert on
crazy girls Oh crazy in a fight crazy in
the sack
crazy every which way but loose
sex slave sex slave you try to tell me I
can get its length that I can suck on
our get days she's the best thing ever
wait did you say wasn't me to pay a
thousand caps if she's so crazy give me
eight for 500 so I can suck on delete
sure right she makes two other girls
nervous yeah when they're nervous I'm
nervous see what is go ahead and have
fun with clover is your problem I could
suck on that they want something closer
my name is clover I hear you're the new
woman in my life
wait wait where's the option for sucking
on deities where's the titty optional if
there was it take the option I would be
clicking on it so fast it's like I would
be sucking on the tit
these are she okay let's make clover
look like the gang oh honey look a
clover she is looking like a badass look
at us ladies gentlemen no goddamn person
is going to mess with us in the
wasteland baby you ever thought about
collecting some of the kids in little
lamplight wait you want me to to get a
little kid as a slave they don't know no
better but it's a little no Brendon okay
you are the bad is off the wastes okay
no job is
at a half for me I will take one of the
kids as a slave I'll send one of my best
weight around the entrance to lamplight
okay you go in fighters trusting little
one you can find Lord that kid outside
everyone's happy little kid course yes
sure um I could do that I'm a badass
okay I'm a badass you heard what eulogy
said he wants me to go into little
lamplight and take a little kid as a
slave okay now this episode is gone
really dark okay okay here we are
little lamplight oh my goodness and this
must be the slaver how about you bring
me a kid just so I can get back to
Paradise Falls okay okay uh I'll go get
the kid okay so what we need to do now
use me to enter Paradise Falls and find
a potential slave man up Brandon you can
do this hold it right there lady don't
take another step
or will blow your fucking head off
listen man I want to come in hell no no
Mungo's allow you little piece of I've
had enough of you man McCready okay you
know what your face looks like my ass oh
yeah yeah he must like having such a
good-looking bud yeah ya do yeah well at
least it doesn't smell as bad as you do
you're pretty funny for a Mongo come on
in yeah they like that okay as you can
see there is a lot of kids here okay
some of them are crafty little shits
okay
we need to find the dumbest youngest and
most naive child this is gonna take
forever
which kid is dumb enough to be caught as
a slave I don't know oh hello who's this
this week
hello I'm Billy welcome to Widow and
white
hey you walk like you're handy with the
weapon I got kicked off the scab team so
I guess I don't need mine anymore
want to buy my ways or Zweifel 500 caps
and it's all yours
what a cutie little shit how about
giving it to me to a fellow quit like me
that's a great idea you take it and good
walk out there oh wait be wait what she
told like that hello miss ha ha ha
hey bum bow-wow you're big you must be
the biggest kid here I'm the little kid
my real name's Betty but mostly I get
called bumble what do you call bacon
sometimes people call me the vault
dweller it's nice to meet you Bob booth
nice to meet you too did you come from
the vault
I heard there's my man down there eclair
told me once one of them they got him
and Benham right in the face and that's
why I don't know I wanna but you don't
look like a monster and I don't think
quite anyone in the face you look like a
nice vault dweller Thank You bumble do
you want to see the outside with me
there's someone you should meet
I don't know I'm not supposed to go
outside come on it'll be an adventure oh
boy an adventure let's go let's go ah
please let's go now yeah let's go let's
go to to have an adventure
don't do this Brandon bumbles just a
poor lead ok she didn't know
you don't have to give them on to the
slaves don't do it
she's just the poor little kid don't do
it Brandon don't do it
bumble will grow up for the rest of her
life it's a slave
don't do this Brandon bumble I'd like
you to me someone what a lovely dress
you have Thank You Man we're going on an
adventure that we are are you ready to
go on the adventure Express oh boy let's
go now can we please absolutely in fact
I want you to have this friendship
necklace it's good Oh Scratchy
hey boss my girl you'll get used to it
well shoot okay
what if I done what am I gonna put poor
little bar boys a slave this slaver
business is not for me madness not for
me Jesus Christ man this shit is dark
okay having bad karma so bad Jesus I
gotta leave town
of course you do I forgot about you oh
um all right let's go to Big Bang right
yeah okay so sticky wants to go to Big
Town and I guess he'll just come follow
me yeah sure let's go to Big Town or
whatever okay guys if you remember the
guy at the entrance gate to Paradise
Falls gave me something called a mesma
Tron and told me this is what you use to
hang go let's make up a story to pattern
slaves once upon a time there was this
robot his name was super dupe Dave and
he went all around rescuing people from
super mutants and slavers and other
nasty things and one day a spaceship
from outer space landed right in front
of him and a big green alien jumped out
and started eating people and what did
our hero do you wonder he came up with
the most cleverest of clever plans and
it worked and everyone called him a
genius
the end
what
okay this mesma throne has a 50/50
percent chance of working okay so we
need to be careful and what's this
Mickey I need water please water okay
okay there's this is a homeless hobo
please work
come on yours I've got one oh shit um
okay here we are
Megaton okay now I don't like this lazy
Damon but we're going to have to capture
some people from Megaton and slaves or
who's this dude make a ton slut settler
oh shit should we try it with him okay
what I have in my inventory is something
called a stealth boy and once activated
I turn near enough invisible okay what's
happening oh shit it work am I drunk I
think I'm drunk I see more drunk to you
here put on this collar
I mean necklace uh I think I would look
good on you oh all right this thing's
heavy
oh shit you're a slave now better get to
Paradise Falls ball or your head
explodes slave I don't remember being a
slave okay let's go back to Paradise
Falls that make sure our slave made it
there okay the slaves keep rolling in
keep this up and you're gonna be rich
here's your caps and another caller
okay that's good 250 caps for a slave
that's all that a person's life as well
I know trickle story past the time
once upon a time there was this dog
his name was joking Joe and he went all
around making everyone laugh really hard
at all his funny jokes and one day a
giant ant came up to him and started
talking like he wasn't some dumb ant but
a person of some kind
it said prepare to die and was our
so-called heroes scared you bet he was
he cried like a little date Wow Wow and
all his friends laughed buddy on board
the end you're kidding right
you have to be you know what guys I am
NOT a bad person okay
clover do I look like a bad person to
you Jericho am i me man to you I am NOT
a slaver
I will never stoop down to your level
I'm gonna do something that I should
have done a long time ago killed
paradise Oh
Oh what have we here
eulogy is dead the last thing we need to
do is to save the slaves the gates open
right Howard go go
miss Jeannette go away go away go we
have done it we have done it so ladies
gentlemen I'm gonna end the video here
this was me becoming a slave but I
decided ladies gentleman that a slave
business is not for me not for the vote
Wella
I just wished I realized that before I
said that poor little girl it's okay we
all make mistakes
anyway guys I'm gonna end the video here
thank you so much for watching leave a
goddamn like when we reach 10,000 likes
I will upload another fallout 3 fallout
4 is just around the corner and I am so
excited
how many posting loads of videos on it
so if you're excited for this run up to
fallout 4 then leave a goddamn link
anyway
oh they got those watching I will see
you in the goddamn next with your man
see let guys love you for that
