oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
it is cute II need to immerse yourself
they entered a legitimate I'm popping in
with another vlog I haven't done a vlog
in ages why haven't I done that I don't
bloody know I tried to vlog weekly but
I've just been so busy these past couple
of weeks but I think now I think it's
time to start getting back into the
routine so what we're going to be doing
today ladies gentlemen is we are gonna
be doing AQ & A alright but before we
get into the Q&A there is something I
just want to quickly say so last week I
went to a gaming event in the UK called
Yura gamer and out there I met so many
of you guys it was hardly crazy I always
get so shocked whenever I meet someone
in real life it just makes me realize
that people are actually watching my
videos and just meeting and talking to
some of you guys just made me realize
like you're all just really awesome
people so it's worth being a lot of you
guys I got to do a lot of stage stuff
and I got involved a lot with the
YouTube gaming booth out there and there
was a special moment where they awarded
me my 1 million subscriber black and
ladies gentleman I just received it the
post look how big it is it doesn't even
fit the frame look how big this is guys
just a park to proportion it's bigger
than my chest look at this black ladies
gentlemen if I stand it next to it it's
like my whole chest okay
now just before we start the Q&A just
when I say this plaque means so so so
much to me like I never thought we would
be able to hit a million subscribers
that was not even a goal it was a dream
and the fact that we've done it is just
my dreams have come true but in all
seriousness guys thank you so much for
this award and without wasting any more
time let us start this Q&A
it's star the baby hi Brandon
i am gabriel and you have a baby in the
future like this little baby is so cute
so will i have a baby in the future well
if you didn't know guys I'm already a
father
you
hey Brendon my question videos are you
ever going to upload money shakin
channel British grind and again am I
gonna upload videos on my second channel
now a lot of you guys must be thinking
what grinding out the second channel I
think did he would imagine it to me you
bloody trading shit so in case some of
you guys didn't know for oh you new
people here to the channel I used to
have a vlogging channel while upload
really shitty vlogs and recently guys
I've decided to relaunch this channel
that's right I have already uploaded
three videos to my vlogging channel so
what I want you do leizerman is I went
to garland on description and go
subscribe to my blogging channel I think
we're on like 40,000 subscribers right
now if we can get 50,000 subscribers
that is going to be epic um my question
is what makes you so obsessed with the
chapati did you just ask me why I'm
obsessed by the bloody jump ba D what
how bloody dare you say I obsess about
the chapati do you not know that your
party represents it represents life in
reference death prison yeah
ah my name is Marcus and if you could
have any superpower what would it be if
I could have any superpower I wanted I
would probably choose the ability to
make everyone laugh Oh vada I've already
got that superpower um who are your best
friends in like the YouTube network kind
of thing oh um what was that anyway her
friends uh I don't know who are my
friends only YouTube network tired they
don't know I don't you could go back in
time and give yourself advice what would
it be and why
mama mama Oh baby Brandon its Brandon
from the future mama where is the bitty
titties I want to suck on the titties
I've come back in time to tell you
something really important what is it
stop being a pussy ass bitch
oh my dig bullshit camera anyway guys
I'm gonna end the video here thank you
guys so much for watching and yet again
thank you so much for this big-ass
plaque I think I'm gonna hug it hang it
above my wall so it's in the background
for all of my Q&A and don't forget
ladies gentlemen I do have a second
channel vlogging channel British
Brandner I'm planning loads of really
cool videos for that and I've already
uploaded quite a few so go subscribe to
that we'll be doing me a huge favor
but er yeah anyway guys I don't they are
so it's watching and I'll see you in the
garden next video man leave a goddamn
like as well let's reach 10,000 for more
Q&A blogs and yeah okay I'm a stopping a
sellout okay goodbye goodbye goodbye oh
bloody dirty sock on a 2d s√≥ 30 days
dead days
