my hedge hello everyone how is everyone
doing it is master selfie and today Liam
we have got a very special video for you
we are finally playing Tony Hawk's Pro
Skater fab yeah yeah I have been waiting
for this game for so goddamn long and
finally a good skating game on the next
gen systems it's going to be epic so I
have to play older Tony Hawk's scary
games when I was a kid I think Tony
Hawk's Underground was my favorite was
that ps1 or ps2 anyway so I've been
playing a bunch of this game already and
I'm having loads of goddamn fun now
there's loads of stuff you can do in
this game I think the first thing we're
gonna do though is customize our scada
so we can either choose from the
pre-made skaters of course got Tony Hawk
looking like an old bloody fart
still making games though look at him
he's like eh I'm still making games uh
who else we got we've got some guy
called Riley I'm not sure I'm gonna be
telling us don't really know many
skaters but I do know one of them over
here we've got little Wayne hahaha what
why is it when the game I'm glad that he
is but why is he in the game look at him
Hey pick the word up in now a judgment
on you
so all these skaters have got unique
special tricks but I'm gonna stick with
Tony okay now if we press X we can
customize them so we can rank up our
stats the more you play the game I think
the more points you get
I've got four points to spend I'm going
to put it on ollie okay there we go okay
so if we go over to the next tab and
press Y we can create our custom skater
so from what I've noticed you can just
play the game and you unlock random shit
I've unlocked a bunch of stuff already
over here we've got happy bag look at me
I'm so happy you've got a bucket for
some reason it's so happy about having a
bucket over here we have an astronaut
okay we've got a bloody police officer
called dick okay sorry dick not not
today okay oh wait have I unlocked
something new
oh I've unlocked a goes oh okay what
else have I unload I've unlocked a
bloody robot okay let's see what bodies
we've unlocked okay go to standard a
boy/girl outfits or shoot the bloody
hobo look we go we've got a robot hobo
over here we got a security guard outfit
look up bloody fatty is a should we
should we do should we do that now okay
let's see what else we got oh look what
we got here we've got a massive a robot
chieftain oh wait should I get the head
to match with that ah yeah look at me go
so what else we've got a a bloody
caveman another robot look at this
so um okay I'm gonna go with the bloody
green robot a robot dog Oh calm down
okay okay robot calm down please okay we
customize our scanner so let's goddamn
get in to the goddamn skating Bay but
now I've already unlocked most of the
levels okay but I'm gonna first thing's
explain how this game god that works and
here we are baby a god damn stupid robot
this what I like about this game they
still keep the humor in bloody robot ok
now I've only been playing this game for
a couple of hours but I feel like a
goddamn pro okay so what tricks can we
do okay we can do the standard grind by
pressing Y
Sheila baby we can do a flippy trick Oh
see that we girls do a crab oh oh oh we
can alter to this I don't know how I did
this but I'm doing it
look at me go look at this balance okay
so that's the basics on all the tricks
that you can do now the thing about Tony
Hawk's is the most important thing is
your combo okay now what you need to do
is you need to keep the tricks going and
going and going and don't lose your
combo okay so watch this starts off for
the crime gotta flip all into a manual
still going to combo going I'm gonna for
time up right flip slide flip manual oh
good I'm also going right 69,000 Bible
okay leave me alone I'm not that good at
the game but it's just so easy to play
like I've only been played a couple of
hours but why do I feel so good why do I
feel like I'm the best don't honk
poached in a bad way and the whole of
ocean the right dog this game so funny
as well ok ok I stop messing around okay
so what I'm gonna do is I've been saving
these minigames I want to do this for
the video so if I've gone to sessions
and go onto missions
okay so let's do the big head barracks
your head is gonna pop do tricks to
survive as long as you can okay so I
gotta keep doing tricks otherwise my
head will get bigger wait is my head
getting bigger it said it is Oh No look
at it uh-oh Oh No look at it I kind of
want to see how big my head could get
look at still go oh no Oh mr. Rob
okay change my character to the goddamn
a policeman okay
now let's keep this keep going now it's
my bloody head will pop okay what what
should we do
okay goes on the grand Oh okay so the
trick is ladies gentlemen say so if you
it's go on the floor you need to go into
a manual okay so if I trick manual
oh no I messed it up okay I'll do this
oh oh oh oh oh no I messed it up
come on all right I want to see how much
of a combo I can get 70,000 easy grind
wall ride oh no pressure no pressure
ha ha no no I have forgot to land
I forgot the land ok now I got a stock
in between each trick otherwise my head
will bloody fall off okay all right
watch this boom boom oh look at this
bloody fat security guard oh my god Oh
what happened there oh my head's getting
bigger look it's this guy's head okay
quick quick quick we need to make moves
we need to make moves otherwise my head
is going to fall up okay okay keep going
keep going
oh no landed and it oh whoa we need to
reach one minute five seconds to get a
sick rating I want a sick writing mommy
will be proud oh yes plays dreamer
repeat 105 okay let's keep the c-elysee
flu see how far we can get she could be
gone so I got the skills to pay the
bills Mama's proud mommy you're proud of
me I'm so good at this game in all
seriousness how much so good at this
game
look at this shit Oh Oh my head's gonna
fall my head's gonna fall come on quick
oh no no no but I did it one minute and
31 seconds I scream you scream what's
that
grab as many icecream cones as you can
and deliver them to the outdoor pool ice
cream am I really collecting the ice
cream what the hell is this
who wants ice cream kids me me me wait
is my head getting bigger
wait what why is my head getting bigger
Tony um Tony are you okay
I'm like am I getting brain freeze okay
okay didn't deliver the ice creams um
Tony Tony
okay
I scream my head my hat okay.what like
that
I'm scared only are you okay too much
ice cream Brandon oh I'm gonna die I'm
seriously gonna die
Tony you're too old for ice cream Tony I
swear I seriously need to find some
friends to play this with okay this
would be so much easier if I had 20
people or collective ice creams can you
imagine - a lot a lobby full of 20
people with everyone's head looking like
this
quick quick quick where is this enough
is this enough I don't know
hello oh I did it 67 ice cream okay so
this level is called the barracks it's
nothing to it really I think this is I
think this level is here to sort of make
you a familiar with the game but let's
check out another level you can also
create your own levels I think I'm gonna
explain that in the next video oh by the
way I'm planning do tons of video was on
this game so I'll leave a goddamn like
okay if we can fish 10,000 I'm gonna do
more but but I already know you guys are
gonna definitely want more of this game
okay so let's do another level all right
what level we're gonna do is we are
gonna do school number three yay and
here we are baby we are going back to
school wait what's this this is a bloody
football oh oh good shot thank you game
oh shit listen is this another football
oh no I mean gig I mean touchdown okay
guys as you can see from up there there
is some letters okay comp1nt letters
okay we have to get them whilst doing
one massive trick okay and if we do it
uh nothing happens but it's about self
achievement okay okay now where does the
combo start should we go up here jump oh
okay okay oh there see Oh
oh my goodness start off with a grind
does a flippy oh shit there's y'all
going no I messed it up okay let's try
this shit again jump up here boom jump
oh no I messed it up oh bloody van
listen alright boom
jump grind nice that flip or get the see
get the oh oh my goodness go my slot
manuals oh good oh we did it baby
100,000 you see that baby oh no I bloody
fell okay let's switch levels to
debunker okay here we are baby we're in
the bunker now I know there's gotta be
bunch of secretive oh shit we haven't
done the combo yet all the C's up there
okay okay okay okay all right so let's
war ride to the bloody Oh
boom flippies oh no I went the wrong way
can I keep it up though can I keep it up
I don't know where I'm going but I like
it oh yeah come on oh my god I mess it
up now
the rag dolling so funny oh no boom
oh my girl yes yes yes I did it baby oh
look at all of the going look at me go
can they go 80 not 21 28 I don't know I
don't know I know a second you having a
bubble oh my god did daddy do my dream
is to get a hundred you think I could
ever get a hundred a combo oh my
goodness look at the goalies German look
at me go 20 come on come on come on I
dream of a hundred I dream of the day
where we can get a hundred come on
better come on better
okay guys I'm gonna end the video here
so in this video I basically like showed
you the basics of Tony Hawk's I'm having
so much fun with this game like I'm
gonna make a bunch of videos of it if
you don't mind so um it leave a good
time like if we can reach 10,000 I'm
gonna upload another video or in this
game what I'm going to do is I'm gonna
play a bunch of this game and I look so
much stuff in first so for the next
episode I can show you all the outfits
and stuff and even next episode I'll
show you the cut the Creta Park I'm
gonna create a crazy-ass Park for next
episode anyway guys
oh they got so much watching and I'll
see you in the goddamn next video man
see you later guys love you ba ba
you
