hello everyone how is the one doing it
is master cell fair today we are gonna
be reacting to some shock advertisement
so over in the UK some companies make
these advertisements where they use like
shock tactics in order to portray their
message you know and you know some of
them you know like end up getting banned
because they're you know they're too
shocking okay so I thought it would be a
really funny idea to show you some of
these all right because a lot of you
guys aren't from England okay you're all
from all over the world all right by the
way leave me a comment letting me know
where you guys are from okay because I
always find that really interesting
okay so it's okay I've seen this one
before okay so okay sleep with a car and
then what this guy okay I've never seen
this before right so I don't know what's
going on oh no
special guys you know what's gonna
happen okay okay no I know it happened
since 2000 speeding has killed a
classroom of our children okay I just
saw the video okay now you know what I'm
talking about okay now you know why
these adverts were banned in the first
place okay
Oh television okay okay my high is being
out my chest those poor children okay so
now you know what I'm talking about guys
all right shock tactics you know uh yeah
yeah like a bunch of people a bunch of
kids you know die on road accidents
which is very sad okay but like why are
you gonna portray that message
oh my word okay guys all right i'ma try
and stay calm all right but Jesus Christ
okay that without advert was ridiculous
is all scary it's like looking for
people to Don this what was my fault
going one all this pocket oh it could be
nothing but it could be something Oh
what happened if you're worried about it
or no okay okay miss I first thought out
so cute it was like stuff kids say and I
started off with would be a showing cute
kids but then you know okay I guess the
message was you know really listen about
what kids say you know because it might
have like a deeper meaning
oh my word okay that was yeah a child
abuse you know it's sad sad thing okay
yeah do not hit children that's very sad
okay an advert of a guy a construction
site he's working Oh
his hangar oh no okay don't show this
please do not show this please no no
machines caused by five accidents today
okay we trying to say be careful well it
wasn't that guy's fault that he'd gotten
that accident okay his arm got stuck if
anything it's the shitty equipment is
the reason why he let his arm got
chopped off Oh
what was their reason to make an advert
for that shit okay I don't think that
was alright what a stupid dumb ad like
that one was if you hit me at 40 miles
an hour there's around 80% chance or die
I remember this it was so shocking as a
kid whoa
30 miles per hour yeah yeah it's 30
miles proud for it for a reason yeah
yeah I remember that advert I am glad
that this one came up because that
advert was everywhere as a kid you know
like is that one that like I saw that so
much as a kid because you know yeah that
was a really shocking one because yeah
like the speed limit over in the UK is
30 miles per hour I know all of you guys
use km/h is that okay that's the speed
limit in the UK and yeah the difference
between 10 miles per hour
you know is good matter to a lot on it
for a child's life you know it's sad
that some people you know get killed by
cars but you know like you know road
safety is important for you guys you
know oh no not another one with a car I
hate these ones these are ones of the
most shocking ones okay all right I'm
sure it'll be fine all right just a
woman drive
now this okay Wi-Fi so this band or now
like most victims Julie knew her killer
Mikaela the kind of an Ono horrible when
it happens
Oh God oh you done right was her son was
sitting behind her without a seatbelt
after crushing her to death he's got
that girl oh my god so because he wasn't
wearing a seatbelt he then hit his mum
at the back of the head and then killed
her oh no he killed his own mum because
he was the one without a seatbelt oh my
word guys need to promise me right now
you to wear your seatbelt okay I know
it's not kind of dumb sometimes okay but
yeah imagine that you know killing your
own mother all right what kind of
shocked at what companies use oh my word
yeah guys please use a seat belt for the
love of God sir so long can you hold
your breath how long can you hold your
birth guys alright ready everyone do it
everyone do it three
what's the point that's okay I give up
okay I give up what's the point in the
advert I don't understand what's going
on land you would have survived this as
the average person can hold their breath
for forty-five seconds
I like a water you might not last ten
whoa even on a warm day cold water shock
can leave you helpless Wow British and
Irish waters are dangerously
unpredictable over 200 people
accidentally die each year whoa
200 people accidentally die I don't even
know I did you guys know that okay
apparently you know it's harder to hold
your breath in cold water because of the
shock okay yeah all right everyone you
guys need to learn how to swim all right
it's kind of important you know and yeah
yeah that color was a stupid advert
what's the point of advertising that
okay yeah like I'm gonna drown every day
but yeah I mean I guess it's kind of
important you know in a way okay so an
office all right it's very old it looks
like it Oh Clarkie is the life plan of
your business okay everywhere 30% on it
is going to waste
30% save energy we started back call
action energy on a eight hundred nine
one seven thirty thirty okay so they're
using blood they're trying to say like
Energy's like the lifeblood of your of
your shit okay but and they actually
like used real blood to show like you
wasting energy is like with it with
blood people make these adverts okay I
think that the reason that was banned
all right because it's just disgusting
it wasn't even that bad of a message it
was just disgusting to look up blood
coming out of your electronics it's not
the ass he's fun oh he's cute he's crazy
he's my little fucker fun for all the
family
Oh
my little puppy comes completely
unrestrained and enjoys being taken for
lots of walks but boy is going on a
regular basis and requires endless love
and attention when all the fun's over
he's easily stored away dog food okay
what's going on okay okay okay I get it
now it was basically saying you know a
puppy it's like as a dog you know it's a
it's an animal don't treat it like a toy
you know you know it's a lot of
responsibility but yeah why don't we go
show a family you know they were so
happy when they got the dog and then
they're not like not playing with it not
feeling with it that kind of thing
okay all right RSPCA are like a animal
protection agency here in the UK but
Jesus Christ all right no wonder why
your shitty idler got banned you just do
a poor dog in the river right kids just
before you go a brilliant idea in the
air that I'd like to run by you
now it's called 10/10 okay idea is
everyone starts cutting their carbon
emissions by 10% okay keeping the planet
safe for everyone actually okay this
hasn't got to be a huge thing but I
would love it I love it and your
families would think about I would love
it what's driving this being your dad to
insulate the laughs or taking your next
holiday by train trying energy-saving
lightbulbs okay that's a start
we're thinking of using our car less I'm
going cycle to school
Oh tastic Jemima how many of you might
do this yeah I'll do it
fair enough Moo's not all right you know
these two people don't to do it Phillip
and Tracy a little bit ruthless finance
absolutely fine totally fine okay you
don't know okay class thank you very
much for today okay
while this shopping oh I don't
understand you go a button Oh
everybody please remember to read
chapters 5 & 6 on volcanoes and
glaciation except to Phillip and Tracy
of course okay now I understand why why
why there's that but was banned she just
blew up two kids because they weren't
gonna save energy
what the hell's I thought guys right
just want to check on that 10:10 thing
Oh brilliant ideas from lots of you how
the firm can cut down emissions by 10%
okay just quick show of hands everyone
who wants to get involved okay everybody
yeah everyone yeah just for the record a
new pressure nobodies who aren't quite
convinced about it yet oh no okay oh no
you guys all wanna do that oh no you're
making a big mistake no problem your
choice okay so those of you planning
something here at home should probably
get working on it okay and Oh gorgeous
Oh is the bonus of you and your Buster's
blows you up like that oh my word how
rude well hello everyone
great to be back here at Spurs so many
happy memories for me what turn up
anyway
okay there's something what is this
10:10 thing the club is doing oh well it
means that we're trying to cut our
carbon emissions by 10% this year I like
a speaker that was the first to sign up
we've changed the floodlights on our
lane alright these guys are coming to
matches on buses trains bikes and stuff
rather than coming by car okay I see how
they're gonna blow up whatever I
wouldn't do it oh oh seems like
distraction from football to me oh no
it's just fried David and after joining
ignore it no pressure
oh no don't do it oh no no okay yeah
penalties okay it's just I'm not gonna
end now what is the who made this advert
hundreds of thousands of people schools
businesses hospitals movie stars
knitting circles Scout troops presidents
and governments all tackling climate
change okay 40 countries okay climate
change care to join us
okay it sounded great to me thanks
Julian
oh it's this guy what are you thinking
of doing for ten turn yourself Oh what
are you kidding me
I thought that by doing this voiceover
that was my contribution right no
absolutely sure okay bye-bye
get blown up you little ho okay
attempted global dorg
okay Jesus Christ man what a weird way
of getting people to stop using energy
and wasting it by blowing the marketing
team no no okay the England is very
weird all right we don't really get
adverts like this anymore
but like when I was a child they were
everywhere and I don't think shock
tactics is a good way for marketing guys
okay because it's kind of just scares
the hell out of you as a kid you know it
can't just makes you scared of
everything okay
all right this kid all right God you
know you know saves energy and if he
doesn't then you'll blow up okay of
course of course it's gonna scare the
shit out of me oh no oh this is sad
oh no it's domestic abuse look how ice
Kai's going back to normal now otherwise
and the come on ahead look guys the the
cuts and bruises are fading in and out
oh now that's gone and our eyes gone but
her neck is now in our eyebrow
this is so sad oh no looking up like
home oh no no no no this is all this
poor girl oh my gosh oh no poor for
money
it rarely stops ah she looked away our
National Domestic Violence hotline man
that was a very okay that was a very
strong and powerful advert
stuff like you know the serious topics
like you know domestic violence you know
like what kind of what kind of man is
gonna hit a woman alright there is no
man right there that is that as a loser
that is a pathetic man okay yeah
children nowadays need to learn you know
it's never okay to hit a woman you know
women you know I just weaker in general
you know just don't hit anyone okay
whether a man a woman you know just be
kind to your fellow person
but yeah poor woman alright that kind of
stuff happens a lot alright and it takes
a woman with a lot of guts to sort of
speak up okay but yeah never let you
know anyone do that to you never let
anyone harm you and don't harm anyone
else and I think the world will be a
better place you know okay ladies German
I think I'm gonna end the video there
that was me reacting to bad commercials
I hope you really enjoy it okay I think
it's quite interesting to see how like
advertisements are done in the UK I'm
not saying all out of ties mints I like
this in the UK but it's pretty
interesting for you guys from all over
the world alright so leave me a comment
telling me which country you're from
okay because I'm always so interested
whenever I talk to any of you guys and
you always tell me you from someone
really someplace really weird I spoke to
a fan that was from Latvia the other day
okay so that was pretty cool but yeah
anyway guys I hope you did enjoy if you
did let's reach 30,000 likes and if we
do I will do a part two to this okay
because there is a bunch more that
England have made okay but yeah thank
you guys so much for watching and I'll
see you in the next video Matt so
they're the guys but bye
