haha hello everyone how is everyone
doing it is mr. Sophia and today ladies
gentleman that's right you ready god I'm
tired and yeah that's right legend you
guys have been requesting we are back
with seams Wow so just ladies gentlemen
you guys have been requesting it so we
are back yet again we're the Sims for
you guys have been commenting I read I
do read the comments okay you guys been
commenting it so much that I I think I
might do a weekly start doing a weekly
series yet again on The Sims 4
so Levi god I'm like if we could reach
10,000 that's right it will happen okay
that will show me that you guys want it
that much so Liam of what we are going
to do today is we are not going to spend
our time in the mesh yourself household
we are going to move house this episode
not for good this one special one-off
episode what I am going to do is I am
going to put all of my sims into a
special house with limited supplies and
needs and lays gentlemen only one sim
will live this lays gentleman is the
Sims Hunger Games so without wasting any
of your time this is the death house
Oh death house baby
so leegime and the reason for this house
is I am gonna put my sins through a
bunch of obstacles and tests okay and
with each test one sim will bloody die
and the sim lost the life wins the god
damn game leave a comment now guessing
what sin you think is going to win the
Hunger Games test number one the
swimming test Sims have to by themselves
make their way into the house to get to
the house they have to go through the
amazing water maze and find the shortest
possible path to the building the law
sim there will be closed off thus
leaving them to drown let's do the
swimming test baby yeah yeah we will
start the swimming test in 3 2 1 go oh
shit
who is going to be the first one to go
into the house oh shit
oh nugget walks faster house water
bloody dum-dum Oh No
bloody of Uranus and Kelly I in the pool
oh shit oh shit oh shit but now are they
gonna make the way they are making their
way to what do the rest of them doing do
they not realize this is no race of
death oh you're a nice has taken an
early lead followed by Kelly mix that
words the rest of the family are playing
with the stupid cow plant that I forgot
was at Uranus now taking a commanding
lead against bloody stupid Kelly oh shit
oh look at them go lay shit him and
Kelly is right behind stupid anus he
wants to take him over but Uranus is not
letting us go Kelly go you can do it oh
what's this what's this nugget and slut
have joined the race nugget inside Grace
and slow it forth that meets on the
Brandon or Bailey slot all bloody
doughnut will die coming now to the
finish line and Kelly has taken over
later and Kelly
now take first place gentlemen she is
out of the bull she will survive past
number one Oh what's this watch this
slut is now in third place followed by
Brian looker Brandon wants to take over
but can he do it
look at the speed going on with Brandon
it's ten muscles you can take over
go Brandon go you will do me proud I
love you I can't believe this lace
gentleman look at the speed going on
with Brandon Brandon takes third place
ladies and gentlemen Oh looky here slut
is now coming in fourth place
it's okay sludge you will be the one not
to die so it looks like nugget might
take third place because I'm afraid
donut is not fast enough
yes and lays gen'l'men nugget takes
fifth place it's okay nugget a lot as
long as you didn't die okay ladies
gentlemen looks like donut will die wait
what about baby stuff with my babies a
breed we didn't even know he was in the
race oh shit bloody baby slut kami
which means donat it's the loser oh I am
so sorry donut no no you can't eat the
exes have been blocked off look she
doesn't even know what to do anymore
you stupid girl that's what you get so
late gentlemen we are left with six
other Sims and the next has ladies
gentlemen is the test of fire test
number two the tests are for all Sims
will be put into this small room filled
with fireplaces campfires and cheap
household cookers the first sim to start
a fire will be burned to death thus
eliminating them from The Hunger Games
this is the tech oh ah yeah yeah oh shit
what happened - bloody Kelly she pissed
herself and bloody burned herself what
oh shit they're all complaining they're
like come on Kelly why you bloody brace
yourself don't you know how to act like
a woman you little ho oh shit she's
going for a log oh that's risky slut
that's bloody risky you blade EP oh shit
look at her look I bloody slut she is
not afraid at all of the fire she's
Betty putting on marshmallows oh Jesus
Christ she bloody by herself
Jesus Christ loud come on don't scare me
like that you're not meant to die Jesus
Christ oh bloody donut she's still out
here she's like guys I want some hot
dogs guys could someone get me out of it
no you're going to bloody die I think
it's nearly time donut has had enough
lazy gentlemen
Oh
haha
sorry donor cake
don't not lace gentlemen is dead oh shit
a5 start me by wait what wet wet
oh shit the couch the file oh shit is
the bloody now now no I have waited so
long to start a fire don't know oh oh
it's okay
she just ran over here Oh baby hahahaha
baby sigh look at that fire house guys
if you want to move uh slut she's like
this fire is not gonna kill me I think
Brandon's got the best idea right now
he's just like nobody scores respect me
over here no stupid ass people gonna
burn hello
Oh No look at Kelly run into safety whoo
chillin with Brandon oh shit wait what
Oh
oh she's Christ that ass Oh No
the fire's gone out do you know how long
I've been waiting for a bloody fire
stupid slut oh shit another fire finally
started okay okay let's not miss this
one others time took me 20 minutes okay
oh shit
Oh
or little cow she died the Grim Reaper's
here or no we have now had or second
death
rest in peace Uranus
okay ladies gentlemen it is time for the
next challenge death by electrocution
this is test number three the test of
electricity the rest of the Sims will be
put into this small room filled with
broken TVs and broken gaming devices
each sim will be tasked to fix a broken
item and the first team to get
electrocuted will be eliminated from The
Hunger Games this is the tenth of
electricity yeah yeah the repairing has
commenced aw bloody shit okay this could
take a while
the chances of someone getting
electrocuted is quite slim so um I guess
I'll see you when it happens
oh great randon are you gonna die he
bloody pissed himself oh shit knock it
on oh Jesus Christ I really thought
brighter with bloody electrocuted Oh No
so lay gentlemen that is now three dead
rest in peace nugget rest in peace
okay it's time for the next challenge
death by Sonu welcome to test them
before the relaxation test on this floor
Sims will have everything they need to
recover food a toilet and even a
relaxing sauna unfortunately if sims
enter the sauna the door will be closed
behind them thus killing them from
overheating Oh Oh No
Brandon you're the first person in the
sauna and I'm afraid ladies and
gentlemen I'm going to have to delete
the door Jesus Christ like a Brandon he
is loving this sauna okay maybe he will
be absolutely fine being in the store
now okay where's everyone that it's not
still sleeping and uh oh shit Oh Oh No
Oh
quick quick quick quick quick oh shit I
don't know who came in who came in
second and third holy shit oh my
goodness but the doors have been closed
oh shit be on my bloody knees oh shit
look at this ladies gentlemen too much
steam goes well pause pleasure and leads
to pro-life skin bullshit is this a
first step towards death
what what what's up in their practices
bloody dissipated doctor what what okay
let's say man we are back so I started
again and what I've realized is that you
can't have a door on the sauna because
they go outside to die okay so what I'm
gonna do is the first person who goes
and so now I'm just gonna keep putting
them back in it oh shit and why'd she go
in look at these two love bus Jesus
Christ look at him go
oh no girly oh no Gallia's joined your
baby slut Jesus Christ look at them to
slightly gonna go in a sauna - oh shit
Brandis joined them oh shit oh it looks
like sliders join the mix Wow okay so
what I'm gonna do Leishman if they
actually leave the sauna that's when
I'll tell them to go back in but if they
just stand there in the sauna I won't
tell them to go for another song I'm
okay oh shit baby sluts angry and it's
gotten up from his sauna okay listen I'm
not gonna put her back in but if he
leaves the Sorna premises like now baby
slut go back in the sauna you are not
dead yet Oh Kelly is up but she hasn't
left the sorna yet Kelly that is very
smart
Oh everyone's up Brandon oh shit sorry
Brandon you're gonna go back in the
sauna
Oh Kelly is out no Kelly don't go out
okay so everyone's been in the sauna
twice except for slut no no get back in
the sauna no no no oh no Brandon's up
Brandon has finished his round - is he
gonna leave the sauna Oh No brandon has
left the bloody saw now shit this is
Brandon's third time in the sauna guys
oh shit
it looks like Brandon is gonna be the
one to die Brandon you okay Brandon
oh shit now slut is feeling the burn oh
shit
how poor people have now been killed in
The Hunger Games
just three two golds rest in peace
Brandon
rest in peace okay it is time for the
final challenge ladies and gentlemen
welcome to the fifth and final test the
test of hunger Simmons will be put into
a room that should satisfy all of their
needs except there will be no food to be
seen sims have to outlast their rivals
and stay alive whilst avoiding the
devious cake from the untrustworthy yeah
okay let's see how everyone's hunger is
doing so for baby slut
he becomes ravenous in 19 hours okay now
is slut she becomes ravenous in 20 okay
and Kelly she becomes ravenous in 19 -
okay okay okay so as it stands now slut
could be the one to bloody win the
Hunger Games okay later unless she gets
eaten by the cow blood gentlemen she's
sad because she's become a widow few
things are sadder and when spouses are
separated by death crying they're also
upset because of bread puddin Jesus
Christ have realized Brandon was was
loved by so many people
Jesus Christ I think slut actually wants
to die now there's a reason why I put
the bloody cow plant in the same level
as to starve to death okay it's because
when the cow blood is hungry it tries to
Lauren Sims with a piece of bloody cake
now the question is ladies gentlemen
who is so hungry that they'll even eat
the cow plant cake slut what are you
doing
slut no no no come on you could win the
Hunger Games do it for granted
do it for breakfast get her out spit it
out right now oh Jesus
slut I was close that was God to him
close oh my goodness baby starts gonna
die at 20 minutes oh shit
would like Kelly Kelly how are you gonna
die 21 Oh No
three two one zero
no no no no no we have a winner of the
hunka gates but I want rice slugga you
are the winner of the 2015
so sorry slum
you won
but what so legitimate slut is the
winner of the Hunger Games
I'm gonna end the video here this has
been this was like an idea I've wanted
to do for ages you know I created this
house from scratch and yeah I hope you
guys enjoyed it I put a lot of work into
it and a lot of thought so I hope you
appreciate it well anyway guys I'm gonna
end the video here leave a thumbs up if
we can reach 10,000 likes I'm gonna do
sims 4 as a weekly series yet again so
um yeah I'm an anybody head thank us so
much watching and I will see you in the
goddamn looks for the old man see you
later guys love you good
