hello everyone how is everyone - it it
is messy selfie and today ladies
gentlemen we are playing the game of the
year my game of the year Metal Gear
Solid 5 dananananana yeah yeah nega nega
nega so Li Shimin I am absolutely loving
this game yeah I'm having so much fun
I'm gonna make a bunch of videos on this
game cuz it's just so much fun but let's
not waste time let them play the game so
late German welcome to mother base in
mother base we train soldiers from
around the world to create the best
soldiers and they all work for me
big boss bitch I'm about I'm about you
know if you're gonna be the big boss you
need to gain people's respect like this
ugly little shit respect welcome home
boss yes right yeah staff morale
increasing deep your bloody game get on
the floor
you army later man these guys they
respect me I am the boss what about you
do you respect me whatever supplies you
need just let us know boss I don't need
any with supplies but you know what
listen to me right now if I wanted
supplies I would get to myself your
bloody gain okay
bloody gay oh shit this guy got up look
they were so happy about me beating the
shit out of them girl organ-donor back
she try this what if I throw his body
out of the base what will happen oh shit
oh oh um whoops ass have you lost your
mind
no not the big bus we hope for after all
no don't say that I was I'm talking you
were sorry oh shit now I'm a bloody
chicken buck-buck
so in this game you don't just beat up
your fellow soldiers okay you can do a
lot you can go on missions and stuff
we're gonna do a mission in a second
I'll just throw them over there it's
okay he lived okay now I do have a cute
little puppy somewhere on the base and I
usually spawns right here but I don't
know where he is okay I'm sure we see
the puppy later on so what we're gonna
do now legs Jaden we are gonna do a
mission but we can't do a mission
because we're all bloody dirty
we need a shower hey let's go take a
shower oh I'm not out of the way I
called it first making my way downtown
walking fast faces as I walk through the
valley of the shadow with that I take a
look at my life I realize there's
nothing left
cuz I've been laughing Arafa solo that
is my mama
except I buy the gold oh you can tell by
the way I use my walk I'm a woman's man
no time to talk
abuse yells oh we're rolling get your
mouth shit I was oh ah nice and clean
okay mission time I haven't come up with
a name for the little doggy yet but I'm
gonna need you guys to leave a comment
of what we should call the little doggy
I think we can pet it if I press X B
okay doc you're going to shut up at the
moment this dog is being trained okay so
we're gonna have to toughen him up okay
by shooting him in the face I'm going to
hell don't worry ladies gentlemen it was
just a tranquilizer okay he's just gonna
go for a sleep
okay I'm gonna lie he needs to bloody
shut up okay he was making too much
noise
so saluting that let me you now you
bloody gate Oh tongue fool
trust me guys I didn't kill the dog okay
and 90% sure did kill him doggy doggy
um wake up okay you need to wake up dog
or the comments-section they're gonna
eat me alive please okay I shoot a dog
on YouTube that is YouTube suicide okay
I genuinely feel bad
oh there we go ah there we go see Amy
she loves me
show them again okay the mission we are
going to do ladies gentlemen is a side
operation we are going to do mission 47
extract a little lost sheep there
extract the sheep that has been
separated from the herd and wandered
into a specified area no that poor
little sheep must save him before it
bloody dies okay the time is 6 so far
northern Kabul Afghanistan
okay we need to be very careful we don't
know what the sheep's like okay this
shit could be a killer shit I'm scared
okay here we go we've arrived at LZ be
careful yeah I better be careful this
bloody sheep it's gonna kill me okay
okay okay I'm getting I'm pretty scared
ladies gentleman so what I'm gonna do I
need backup
okay now there's someone very special I
want you guys to meet leis gentleman his
cold name D horse oh shit hello little
horsey hey hello everyone
yes ladies Jamin I have this cute little
horsey hahaha look at him
so I've named him already his name
ladies gentlemen is Harry the horsey
look at him ladies gentlemen he's so
cute
okay Harry okay we got to murder machine
oh okay Brandon you got me how that's
right horsy who is a good woody yes you
are you want the carrot you you do this
job right and I'll give you a carrot oh
shit what's done exactly that is that
the bloody sheep okay Harry wash my back
I'm going in no be careful Brandon yes
Harry thank you mr. sheep I come in
peace
come on now we need you okay we need you
so just come and give yourself up and
come back to mother base okay she be
okay now I'm just going to put a
parachute no no should be no god dammit
stupid sheep how do I take him out ah
just bloody hit me you bloody sheep shit
sheep or should I get dick um she be how
do I kill him oh yeah
kick him ha ha ha don't move
he's autumn okay we need backup we need
a big bonus back up here the Sheep is on
the move everybody taking the shot I'm
taking the shot O'Shea look at him go
stupid ass cheap cheapy shit me I'll
just ride off with a shape okay guys
I've realized that this that's not even
the right sheep I've been playing around
with this bloody sheep but the real she
plays gentleman is gone in this big area
and there's enemies here shit Harry I
need your help
okay ladies gentlemen we are now
entering enemy territory with the bloody
sheep oh shit wait ladies German is an
enemy I spotted an enemy they're holding
the Sheep e bloody hostage this is this
this is become a rescue mission Sarah
the Sheep we will name her Sarah I'm
coming to save you Sarah
I will put my life on it god damn it
there we go
tennessee head it's just a horsey he's
just Hardy the horsey oh shit
I have spotted that to the target the
target back Radner you gotta get me out
of here back back please
I want to go back to mother buddies back
shit okay
now I believe that's just two enemies
shit fight okay we're gonna need some
extra cover the cardboard box Nana Nana
Nana Nana Nana Nana Nana Nana laughs oh
shit
blood oh shit bad branded help me shit
they're gonna they're gonna kill the
horse eat shit Oh Oh what's this ah
quickly take them out yeah
oh shit no Sara you're bloody a
tightening you bloody hole really hold
them hostage OC take about shit shit oh
shit
all right Sara come on now back to
mother base that pits are bad man I
don't want to go back that was just a
trick to get you me free ha great this
bloody stupid our sheep kill it oh shit
more enemies where we're gonna meet how
many bloody people did they assign to
keep the bloody sheep safe okay I got
enough of your shit Sarah you just
bloody die right now okay
it never gets old okay extract bloody
Sarah okay sorry okay I didn't want to
do this like this but just bloody go
okay
risked my life for a stupid err sheep
yes I'm gonna end of video here ladies
gentlemen I love this game so much there
is so many like really fun missions so I
think I'm gonna do like a mini series on
this game if you think that's a good
idea
let's hit 10,000 likes and I'll upload
another Metal Gear Solid video trust me
ladies gentlemen there are some really
fun missions in this game which I don't
even scratch the surface of how much you
can do in this game this game if shake I
love it i I genuinely this is my
favorite game of the year so far but
yeah I'm not anybody on here they guys
so much for watching I will see you in
the goddamn next video man see later
guys love you Baba
