hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is measures out there and today ladies
gentlemen we are doing something super
duper special Super Mario maker
yeah yeah I've been so excited ever
since I heard about this game you can
basically make and play your own Mario
levels I just thought that just makes my
12 yourself just go hmm what I'm gonna
do in this episode I'm gonna play to 10
Mario challenge try to clear all eight
courses without losing 10 lives or shit
sounds hard okay let's start this Oh
what's happening I'm so excited
um this is priests in trouble oh no the
Gompers wha
I will save you Bridget okay calm down
Brandon Jesus Christ okay so we got to
complete ten levels
No eight levels with only ten lines okay
there's my ten lives
oh okay live number one let's not mess
this up all this brings back memories
doo doo doo doo hey this video is gonna
be me just jamming to the god damn
soundtrack okay so I'm guessing we go
down the hole oh shit um no no dude oh
shit look at the size this bloody up
turtle shit okay jump on it oh oh see
our skills oh shit oh shit look at the
gold oh ah Wabo Club oh oh okay did I
miss me think in the in the bloody suit
oh shit oh okay um I think I'm doing
well I haven't lost alive I may have
lost my mushroom but it's okay get out
of here you should be a turtle dude dude
dude dude good oh oh oh whoa oh oh shit
a bloody plant went up okay let's go up
the boom boom boom oh okay
go up the clouds um what is this points
Oh mushroom get it
I love this is a pleaser lemon the
squeeze okay what the hell was that oh
she said oh ah oh god damn it Oh what
the hell is that
see like this kind of stuff you couldn't
do in the original Mario you can put a
bloody flying title on another title on
another title watch me killing didn't
even lose a laugh ladies gentlemen your
power to me mum let's be proud of it
oh shit everything's changed um but yep
with this game it like merges all
Dimauro games how cool is that
look at me look at the Wyss Mario looks
so fun okay let's go through the door um
hello oh shit what is that um where what
hey watch out watch out jump oh shit
what is that okay go crystal easy now
what is that a bloody beaver look at him
poking his eyes out when you draw in
screwdrivers who ladies a shit ah okay
if you guys didn't know if you land on
top of the bloody Pole you get an extra
life leak off
Oh
Maddy your time 1 level 3 now shit oh
sure there is no shit they bought
goombahs bit off your bloody goba shit
John oh oh shit is good was climbing up
shit piss off Goomba and you do gay oh
shit oh stop stop stop
just one oh shit it rather oh shit can I
land on that that's what I want man I
love it I can play this game
oh god damn Dave oh shit
what is this things are all scary and
I'm the fact that tomorrow then oh shit
I gotta time this right good go go go oh
shit
now oh no no no no go back go back look
Oh what I do a spin oh shit this matter
Oh was that it
time
oh my god okay um don't add up what what
about what what is what am I looking at
I don't even know what Mario this is oh
shit okay Tom this ha okay um what I
don't understand I can't enter this
bloody thing okay things good to go so
much harder like so quickly I get it
okay I get what you have to do ladies
gentlemen you have to get this power up
to you by using the bloody uh uh moving
things okay go and that ladies gentlemen
is how you do it okay what do we do with
this P kick it um um I guess we what I
can kick it like a bloody football but
that's it well I don't understand help
me i won
oh shit look at his bloody coupe was
riding each other okay watch this watch
me take him out on one go boom oh shit
look at this bloody his naked turtle
piss off put some clothes on okay um am
i doing it I think I think I'm going in
the right direction how do I use this
pay I'd understand oh shit I lost my
beat bloody arse
what the hell okay let's not miss this
one at this time because I'm not gonna
I'm not gonna lose another life I only
have six more life shitty okay okay if I
just jump okay what do I do now I'm
scared to fresh the pee oh oh it was
good oh wait oh hello Oh what oh what oh
I get it it's on a timer okay okay okay
now if you listen guys see hear the
music
that's when it changes run run run I did
it
fireworks for me okay um is that axe
gonna kill me oh Jesus Christ I thought
it did I did
okay now I don't know what year this is
same year maybe oh shit look at the gum
pop machine oh I watch this three two
one I'll take it
I'll bloody take it to the shop okay
what's this oh shit fuck leave me oh no
I died getting the leave okay for
sometimes I have six lives now they've
been giving me lives 10 Mario challenge
more like not that comedy okay okay
taught me stuff
no no leaf leaf no no no I just wanted a
bloody be the two new key Mario Oh know
what at the end did it
okay baby only two more levels all we
know is the last level right level eight
right I think yes it's the last level
could have saved that stupid princess
bitch okay oh no it's the Bowser boss
battle oh shit look a bow sir alright
now I know I've got nine more lives but
I'm pretty sure this is the level that I
lose all of them
oh shit mushroom no I know this is too
much pressure I can't handle this
oh shit no as a kid this music scared
the hell out of me I swear to God okay
got me some mushroom I don't like just
say Brandon hahaha oh no shitty I told
you ladies gentlemen this is the level
where I lose all my well that was just
stupid ran and come out okay the
important thing about Mario is got to
take your time don't miss the mushroom
oh shit oh okay run run stay Oh
who was the point of the mushroom it's
all about time jump jump stay stay stay
go go Oh should I mess it up oh no go
back what is that
so much shooting bloody fire shit oh
shit oh shit this is not good okay run
run run oh shit jump Oh skills oh shit
I'm scared no no I'm gonna mess it up I
know I know I am I need to know what's
in the question mark
oh I became Bowser wait a second what if
Bowser and peach are the ones in love
and Mario is the one stealing her
and look at me I'm such a cute little
Bowser I don't get it oh shit oh oh no
no don't die please okay I don't
understand how do I defeat this bloody
gay
oh no okay okay okay do I jump on his
head oh shit jumpers oh no I became oh
no I'm Mario again okay
Oh concentrate three more lives more
lives
I can't I'm no no no I can't fail this
okay I'm gonna concentrate I need to
concentrate
shit okay get the mushroom don't fail it
what'd I just say
okay concentrate concentrate Oh steak
off oh shit concentrate get the Molly
mushroom get the SPECIAL mushroom shit
okay Bowser
oh no it's always anyone matter oh shit
I don't get it how do I win two for
lives no no no no no there's no way
there is no way I'm failing this there
is no way come on don't fail don't fail
no no come on please stop please pass up
I mean with a web the shit guys oh shit
what do I do and understand on sad okay
maybe I jump under it maybe I jump under
it maybe I'll jump under it okay okay no
no okay
jump oh oh one more life No please
please please please please please do
not make me do this
no no please I work so hard
you played people okay
oh yes oh yes I get it yeah screw you
food dye in the lab I want life to go
and I did it peach peach where I used to
could go where are you I risk my life
you night 10 lives I risk for you come
on just show me show me something
show me something huh but I'm Bowser
wait well Bowser
ugh I thought you taken the princess to
another castle
what where's the princess what what what
I'm gonna end up with your hair if you
guys want more than leave I like if we
can reach 10,000 likes that's a big
target I will do more Mario maker anyway
guys I would say guys so much watching
and I will see you in the goddamn next
video man see you later guys love you
ba ba
