oh hello everyone how is everyone - with
you these measures over at the daily
simmer we are back with the young funny
okay so anything I was gonna make
another video on this game but you know
what I had loads of god damn fun on the
last episode and they've released a new
goddamn update and your boy emerges
Elmo's gonna get out of a yes okay I'm
gonna start a new game cuz apparently
you got new stuff what gender is your
ideal lover I like titties I like that
feature isn't available yet oh shit okay
I could pretend I like dick for a day I
can customize my own sample this is cool
okay um what should we watch to make him
look like should we make him look like
me yeah buddy
I am the senpai okay I think I'm brown
okay hair style oh shit
none of these looked like me oh shit
that never does look like me oh shit
okay
that kind of looks good what else we got
oh shit emo oh shit even warmer oh shit
my head's gone I wear what's this but
blasters on him oh shit 3d glasses
oh shit bad oh yes yeah that shit is
gangster shoes gangsta more poker
straight out of Compton straight out of
mental cell
yeah yeah okay I think that's the best I
can do he does look flat this Sampha
definitely looks flat oh shit what's
this I can create I can change the
uniform of people oh shit this is the
Stan in uniform and over this okay it's
just a longer coat a button t-shirt why
not oh shit look at me I'm a G yeah yeah
yeah this is Brandon coming at you live
as smooth Muji has sent power
okay what other uniforms have we got oh
shit
Oh what's this bloody gay um and that's
it okay you know what I'm gonna go with
the smooth Maji outfit I'm guessing the
female uniforms is the same okay you've
got I've got a sweater come on now I
can't see the bloody days with the
sweater over here we got a bloody lemon
you know what I'm gonna go with this one
I don't want the magic shit that Hey
okay now just before I go to school is
another option
okay and look at my cute little outfit
goddammit you know you're looking so
fine now the person that I want to look
for is the very brand-new senpai
pretty baby
diam look at the new senpai
with his bloody suit I'm so sexy yeah
you better knows me you sexy piece of
ass yeah yeah who knew that myself would
make a good as sexy sampling in here
okay so something new that they added is
they added this whole new area and no
it's not an empty box we're going to go
inside okay if we open the door
things will get a little hot and steamy
that's right ladies gentlemen but the
girls have their own locker room yeah I
hope we see some Big Easy in the future
so we can go over to my locker which is
over here and we can change uniform we
can go in our gym uniform our school
swimsuit or we can go in the new
so if you remember from last episode
purple Chan with the bloody big titties
big bitty chance what we should Korea
bloody purple we hater
okay see is your 5 class how ok now we
did a whole bunch of shit to our last
episode I'm surprised she's even got the
courage to go to school we did so much
stuff we even drowned her I feel like
doing it again but I'm not look at
everybody titties how does that make any
sense
that make sense bloody hell in this
update there is a whole a bunch of more
ways to terrorize purple chan so you
know we're gonna do it exactly 7:30 a.m.
something interesting happens
- Barbara Chan
sorry my phone's ringing I'll be right
back
what where's he going she's on the move
okay snake Shh hello I told you not to
call me when I'm at school like I said
that was a one-time thing
I don't want to do that again what what
what you want to do up well if it's just
one more time
then I guess it's okay money for today
so about tonight
what are we met last time insist to tell
you sort that down I can't believe I'm
doing this
then why are you planning doing it
you're you just wanna tink dolla dolla
you are gold-digging Oh who's the big
TVs selling your Dickies myself I'm so
ashamed
I'm glad you're - yo what the bloody
hell purple sand I lost all sorts of
respect for you no ashamed of you I am
so bloody I send good your mum's dead
bloody oh she's selling a tease for
money what kind of foolishness we need
to kill her or at least okay guys well
we are heading off to now is the school
rooftop now remember the locker room I
showed you earlier well ladies gentlemen
there is a bloody bucket up set up here
okay now conveniently we can carry this
bucket and fill it with water okay
now if we wait exactly at the same
moment we can dump the water on purple
chan and embarrass the shit out of her
for being a bloody money could have been
gold-digging it be wearing oh okay we
have to wait at precisely 7:30 come on
she's going to come she's going to come
come on purple Jan have your slutty
phone call oh that she's and it's giving
me the option to pull purple chairs to
get what I can't go to class like this
and that she goes lace gentleman off to
the locker room where we can confirm the
kill where are you running off to purple
chat look at us she's all wet she's like
oh my god oh shit there she goes is she
gonna get naked for me if she don't get
naked for me Oh what do I see is that
blood lead it piece o shit look at the
bloody big yeah you wash yourself off
purple Chan
you got a hard night tonight with all
that money you've been collecting with
those big titties you've got stupid
asshole I don't get it I thought I could
kill her when she was in the shower I
don't gotta get neck get aget titties
what maybe I should get naked
oh go suck on each other's big bees no
no don't get changed no oh I like that
okay
I could deal with that alright well
catch up with ya la la la la la shower
shower la la la la
shower shower okay the date is now
Tuesday and that is a new way we could
kill bloody Pig these purple chan your
bloody little gay okay sale again as
lost episode at 7:30 she decides she
might need a poo oh shit man I should
hate that Taco Bell last night oh shit
hold it in purple chan the poo is coming
out I'm holding my hands hmm do you
think I've got time to go for a poo
before class yes I do I know I don't
yes I do oh shit the poos coming out the
pools coming out oh no oh man I could
freely the poo is coming I gotta go come
on 7:30
oh that's goes she is now commencing the
boom okay so what we can do is we can
carry this bucket and drill it yes again
and when she does the black beep boop
don't do what oh don't worry I did this
you just go do a poo okay go go go sit
or sit down on the toilet and do the poo
and then we call we need to take it one
step further what I'm gonna do late
gentlemen is I'm gonna grab this
screwdriver and unscrew this light
switch okay which will expose all of the
wires okay now when she's doing the
bloody poo what I'm gonna do is I'm
going to wet her turn off the lights
then she will turn it on whilst wet
you know what happens when electricity
and what happens you've watched bloody
pokemon here she comes to do her final
pool grab the bucket fill it with water
go on publish and do your pool okay wait
for it now all right turn off the switch
no now okay now I'm pretty sure that's
everything new in the update they acted
this new whole greeny channel already
got a green Channel we either way don't
trust up doors bloody just you oh yeah I
just remembered they added bins in the
game um should we go over to the bins
that's not funny oh don't mind me guys
I'm just driving the greenie Chan out
it's okay
no no don't worry it's okay excuse me
there we go bye-bye okay if we go behind
the school there are bins here we go
bins yay exciting so you can dump bodies
in the bins and that's pretty much it
oh shit look how stuck she's wait hang a
second oh shit oh what am i doing aah
are you okay
oh shit I've got a fully top off in in
the bed for shit
okay ladies gentlemen I'm gonna end the
video here that's pretty much old and
new stuff that's comedy on dairy I
probably won't make another video on
this until the next update comes I
really didn't have a lot of fun playing
this game I don't know why I know a lot
of u2's youtubers have been doing it and
it's sort of like repetitive but I still
like it and I still find it funny so I'm
gonna keep on doing it because I want to
but I hope you guys too if you do then
leave a like if we can reach 10,000 and
I know I need to do more videos on this
because you guys love it as much as I do
but anyway guys oh thank I so much
watching I will see you in the guard and
next video man see later guys love you
