hello everyone and welcome to my
minecraft letsplay today we are starting
in a brand new world and as you can see
little old Steve doesn't have anything
in his inventory first we need to chop
down some trees and get some wood oh
look we have wood I can now craft a
crafting table here I have crafted crop
here I have made a crafting table it may
look like a chair but it's a crafting
table
oh boy look we have found some piggies
they are a good source of oh look we
have found piggies piggies are a good
source of porkchops nom nom nom let's go
talk to him
I love mr. egerton how are you doing oi
you listen here right now miss yourself
you ain't funny none of this is funny
this is literally the worst GTA 5 video
on the hole of YouTube how you have a
million subs I don't know how about you
do the world a fucking favor and just
kill yourself yo cat Oh mister in
curtain you're such a little devil oh
boy we found cows let's go talk to him
hello Harry the cow oh just leave me
alone Brandon you're 20 years old why do
you have to act like you're still 12 I
mean I know you're gonna make your money
somehow but come on have some
self-respect for yourself
I mean Moo well there's no point in
letting all these animals go to waste
let's harvest them mmm
he's gone mad everybody run oh come on
don't run shit shit why are you trying
to kill us
what'd we ever do to you come back mr.
concern did I say you could get up oh
hello cow how you do it they say my
craft snap out of it man I have feelings
I am feeling
oh no boys and girls I just checked my
inventory and as you can see I have no
more diamonds
let's go mining here we are guys at the
abandoned mineshaft there is all sorts
of goodies in this mine shock but there
is also some scary creatures in there we
must first open the mines shot with DMT
we opened it to go in okay everyone be
quiet
okay there's nothing scary about this
mine shaft
I'm scared of anything okay it's okay
I'm just here to mine me some diamonds
okay I'm gonna take out my pickaxe and
start mining yay yeah wait wait wait
wait
did you guys hear that please tell me
you guys heard that right hello is
anyone in here just come out I'm only
into my diamonds oh no a creeper hello
everyone how is everyone doing it is
Michelle fair and today later we are
finally back yet again with the goddamn
gta5 now all those stupid asked
interests are over yeah this is the
modding series where I'll show you all
the best mods of the week I haven't done
this in such a long time that I've
actually got so many muster to try out
but I finally got myself around to it
but it's not
Tom let's start playing some goddamn GTA
5 mods okay now since it's been such a
long time since I've done another GTA 5
morning video the modding community I
finally like edited cars and edited like
the actual map to sort of create their
own structures and stuff like that but
so yeah I'm gonna show you one cool car
that the community has created
Hey look at this correlation time it's
so bloody sexy so yeah I believe this is
the Lamborghini Aventador yes so this
car is so nice okay now just before we
move on to the next mod I have installed
a special boost mod okay now by pressing
the letter T it will initiate the poops
but I won't show you just now okay
so like I was saying earlier up the
craters the mod craters have started to
edit the map and they've been at you I
bet you've probably been seeing that
they've added like a whole lot of crazy
ramps and stuff so yeah I have found a
couple that I haven't tried out yet so
let's first do the first ramp
okay ladies gentlemen as you saw the
massive ramp oh my goodness now this is
the third best
ramp I found it goes completely straight
down look at it it's like at like a
90-degree angle I don't think I think we
can do this
I brought chop alone chops like please
Brad and do not make me do this please
for the love of God look at him he's not
meant to be this high he's like Brendan
you know I'm scared of heights why my
room right now so yeah we're gonna try
this it probably will fail but we'll try
oh there we go
okay commencing to drop three two oh
well this is this some wasn't how I
expect to work
choppy you're right you're a goddamn
fool okay let's try the shit again for
the love of God please work okay okay I
don't know about whether to go fast or
slow okay that'll do it gone gone stay
stay stay stay
no no no come on come on just just no no
no no no okay maybe I should go really
slow okay so just just tip just tilt the
car yes no no no yes yes I'm so close
Jesus Christ
okay it's just not gonna work is it oh
shit no no no come on please no come on
no I've got chopped in the car go jump
in the car
Jesus Christ
Oh orga sit sit no no no no you had it
can't no okay now you're doing flippies
oh my god
oh my god that's it no no just landed No
watch out watch out oh maybe maybe God
save it save it
oh come on oh that's it this is it a
citizen okay screw it I can't do that
round it's too steep okay it's
impossible okay I can't do it so I'm
gonna move on to the next car
now the next car is a very special sexy
mother truckin car and you're gonna see
it right now tell us Lauren no you can't
catch me I'm more too fast on the gas
don't chase me Donna Donna tell us come
on a case getting starways gallop off
I'm on my way
you know what nigga side-to-side on the
dollar mission I got a date with the
train but I am lacing Daniel look at
this beautiful let's call this ain't
just any regular car ladies gentlemen
this is the 1987 Ferrari f40 do you know
what this means
do you know what that means ladies
gentlemen I don't cuss I don't know
anything about cars so we're gonna take
this bad boy to the next ramp now if you
thought number 1 ramp was crazy wait to
you see number 2
okay now I believe this drop is a lot
better because it's a whole lot less
deep and I believe it is like twice as
high
look how high we are we're above the
clouds we are bother how we breathe it
right now I'm pretty short chops gonna
pass out look at him in the corner again
okay I didn't get a chance to tell you
that other month I installed I installed
a boost month okay when I press the
letter T alright it will initiate a
special kind of boost now I think if
this goes successful I'll be able to do
that here alright three two one let's do
this baby food with language oh my
goodness here we go
jump Oh done friend oh dude do you know
Don you hold on all right I'm gonna
initiate the boost in three two one
okay back at this little boost
oh my goose I can't do it again all
right three two one
so beautiful
wow that was cool
ain't no right job Brandon look what
you've done to the goddamn car you're
such a goddamn fool okay guys now I'm
gonna show you just one more car alright
my favorite
so this cars called the Pangani Zonda
Cinque a roadster I don't know like I
could be wrong I don't know anything up
cut cause all I do know is that look how
God and sexiness and I got the baby in
gold ladies gentlemen now this is just
looks amazing look at this car ladies
gentlemen oh look even drop loves it so
yeah we're going to just do one final
ramp and yeah it's gonna be the craziest
yet
okay now this ramp is like a mix between
the two okay it's very steep yet it is
very high
look how steep it is okay so I think it
can be done now top watch yourself chop
chop chop nut no chop chop be careful
chop chop chop know be careful chop
please no fault job please don't bull No
okay okay anyway let's do this just do
the stuff without him oh no there is
Jesus Christ
okay okay okay here we go here we go all
right three two one let's do this shit
baby
Yee oh no no I messed up I messed it up
okay and
Danny I'm stuck HUP forward okay okay
okay slow down slow down slow down all
right this this is it this is it this is
it there we go oh my gosh I'm doing it
I'm doing it I'm doing it oh my goodness
oh my goodness this is crazy oh shit
this stuff in the middle of the road
okay watch out for that all right
I'm having a boost I go this we get this
freak out of the speed okay okay stay
calm it didn't really do much but the
holy shit okay okay go go go oh there's
the wrap that's a wrap
all right boost it now
what happened but in there I'm calling
in the see how am I meant to go when you
see chopped goddamnit Brandon aah where
the top goal drop was killed what okay
Jesus Christ
all right well that was a ramp I still
think that okay maybe the second one was
better I thought I thought this one was
probably better and that note ladies
gentlemen I think I'm gonna end the
video here I didn't really cover that
main mods but I don't know there's been
a lot of hype around them the ramps so I
thought I would give them a go and I'll
stick to just regular mods in the future
bye guys okay guys so much watching when
we've reached 10,000 likes I upload
another GTA 5 video and I'll see you
guys in the goddamn next with your mind
see you later guys love you
