yoyoyo don't how's everyone doing you do
semester selfie today I have a very
special video for you guys it's
currently 3 a.m. and I just finished
packing as I am going to Seattle in
America so it's my first time in America
so I'm really excited I'm attending an
event gaming event called PAX Prime my
hope I see some of you guys are there
but I don't really care much about the
event I'm mainly going to meet up with
my two probably best friends on YouTube
tomato gaming and match say I'm on
tomato's videos all the time like
tomorrow is probably one of our best
friends on YouTube and so is matte shade
and yeah I can't read I can't wait so um
let's go baby - OH
merica okay and I've arrived nine hours
nine hours so right now you're gonna go
me tomorrow so excited I'm told I think
I've spied them as I slowly zoom in can
you swallow can you spot it I could spot
them two idiots I just can't help but
walk over with a massive smile on my
face wait tomorrow there is a touch of
face it's real
yes sir touch my face look at me looking
soldier looking Hey No
you're making my blog look bloody ugly
quick a room tour okay so we've got this
shitty so far that tomorrow sleeping on
okay stand the desk over here pretty
stone is this a mirror it's just a
mirror another opportunity to look how
God does sex I'm not sexy we've got some
random sink
what's this potato don't touch that what
do you mean it might make you pay for it
if you move it to Seattle's Best Coffee
oh I thought it was chip stop it
you sure this was the left
pigeons is the one thing you need to
watch out for you
yeah I mean like Shang Kings are known
as the pigeons the pigeons are shanking
now have you heard of this no actually
yeah there's a big problem in Seattle
man its watch out have you ever heard of
anything that ever happens in Seattle no
what the fuck is an SEL I should say
like a kind of suit yeah the soup hey
guys has going he's rude okay
then stop doing that okay we made the
pact and apparently we've got a ban me
up which I had no idea about I don't
remember telling me Brendan
I told I've been telling people and to
her that we've got me up going on okay
but none of you guys follow me on
Twitter you won't know this stuff no one
came none of these people care about
your YouTube might decide to keep my hey
nine okay so I did actually meet finally
a fool I can touch it with everything I
probably shouldn't touch it because it's
that's right there because I was your
name Alex see I do have fun Oh Brandon
this is a terrible choice
