oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
Eadie's measure selfie and today lace
Jim and we are back with the hair
people's Brandon this doesn't look like
happy wills this looks like a bloody
shitty iPad so yeah basically happy
wills is now an app yes so it's on iOS
I'm not sure this on Android I don't
know who the hell uses Android so to
this week's episode of happy wheels I
thought I would try out the app save us
any good is probably shitty dig me buddy
okay okay shut up shut up does anyone
else hate that song so um there's 14
levels for business guy that's his name
I didn't know that's was name yeah so
there's 15 levels for this guy and the
other levels are the other guys got
their own levels coming soon we're gonna
do all these levels they're probably
gonna be shit but I'll give it a goal
for this week okay level one oh shit
look at it it's all different and shit
oh shit
okay okay okay give me a second I need
to get and you get used to control oh
shit so much happening I can't go what's
with the sound effects sounds like a
bloody race car okay so I'm going down
here okay jump yeah but oh the mine
there okay I'm getting the hang of it oh
shit okay okay how do I restart okay
there's a restart button there alright
so I talk to here avoid the log there we
go I'm getting a hang a bit jump what's
happened of mine
not today mine okay okay watch out watch
out what's out I'm going back
I'm skills I got skills to pay the bills
okay never heard that before
look I've got to add to their cars for
sale I don't have a car okay level two
I'm a test-tube now lost fishy
okay fishies lost its Finding Nemo the
level okay you know oh shit I missed it
oh I'm stuck okay it's fine okay so easy
does it now so we go through here jump
up here go go down here
okay I'm stuck again these levels are
like pre-made so there's nothing there's
nothing interesting about shady okay go
back oh shit baby oh shit oh oh oh baby
oh shit no I missed it no no no alright
then go up here yeah baby oh don't mess
up random shit okay ah these levels oh I
did it
I found a fishy that bloody fishy okay
so a new level right now I'm in a vagina
it looks like we've all been there
literally jokes for days jokes
oh shit B I'm swimming around and her
vagina I'm swimming around in her vagina
I'm swimming around in a vagina and I
literally god wreck shit okay I don't
remember arrows being in a cut-down
vagina okay okay take it easy take it
easy
oh okay okay oh shit I nearly hit my
head but it's fine Jesus Christ
vagina really is a complex thing look at
it oh shit
ba-ba-ba-ba oh shit roly-polies all I
did is I made a baby
what does that button do go
push the red budget Brandon don't press
the red button
whatever you do Brandon do not press the
red button press the red button okay
it's fine okay so this level I'm
pressing buttons okay so I press that
button I'll go over there Bop oh shit in
my hat okay this is mad about hat I can
get a new one oh do I do
shit I keep losing my hat okay okay the
reason I keep smashing my oh shit I
forgot to press the button oh it's fine
there's a backup oh okay okay I won't
die this time okay don't lose the Hat
don't lose the Hat there we go there we
go I didn't lose the Hat press the
button oh shit there we go see you need
to holy helmet oh shit what's that do oh
look at his skills skills to pay the
bills
easy stupid iOS app bloody shit off your
bloody ass okay we need to get speed
speed speed speed oh oh
okay come on come on
okay come on I've tried this like 100
times that's it
okay well that level was absolutely a
piece of shit okay what am I in now a
bloody dark cave I just lost all my
energy because that shitty level okay
that's not the way to go
avoid the skull piss off bloody skull
and go to the happy face happy like me
because all right let's avoid the mines
oh shit I just walked into it okay okay
no too far Segway guy what's wrong when
you jump now okay John now okay that's
how we do it baby progress mother a drug
okay I'm guessing we don't go up there
oh look at this
this love these levels are really good I
think
stupid I always a plug or pickup hit no
no don't don't leave without me
don't leave with Jack don't let go Jack
don't let go okay you came back Jack so
my review so far from the app you happy
wheels app is pretty cool but I don't
know all the levels are pre-made but you
can't make levels in the app it's all
pre-made oh shit was that just mind oh
okay would stop okay watch out for this
watch out for this cuz the mines been
released the mines
okay okay okay this is the one where I
messed up okay okay okay so it goes fast
and it goes slow okay so we go slow and
go start
Oh was that the right one oh please tell
me it was oh yeah it was okay what level
we are now I don't even know number five
or some shit okay is that bloody
dynamite uh okay yay so where are we now
some sort of construction or - is quite
isn't it
oh shit secret ending secret bloody
ending watch this
no no it's not okay if I go backwards
and enough speed jump oh then you right
now something's bloody that okay avoid
the wrecking ball
okay me like are you bloody didn't have
what am I suppose to do that what am I
supposed to do that what do you want
from me okay there's a sign there saying
I should go backwards maybe I go
backwards to hit oh okay oh oh oh
sequence move on up oh shit II okay it's
okay move on down okay
old did I myself please tell me they
mess up I don't want to do it again fern
oh yay and then we go from here over
there bop bop
Shaz I am what might be different about
this kilobyte batma do oh shit the
Wolves the Kaiser gaming in
of CG as a closer Oh Punk my head okay
I'll pay it boom skillet so we got on
here going head alright so now we've got
these bloody cleavers of death but I
avoid them because I am the best player
in the whole god damn you
whoops easy easy
don't do anything harsh little segue
don't say a word and it's going to get
past the leavers okay you know what I'm
just messing around I could do this easy
teaser he's getting on my nerves now
it's getting more my nerves than the
other level piss off come on I think I
can do it this time
I have no leg so I'll lower I'm doing it
I'm doing
oh my god oh no no no no no no stay calm
stay calm stay calm stay calm stay calm
stay calm stay calm stay calm oh okay
okay Jesus Christ oh no no no no cool
cool please cool cool how do I cool
please just please cruel oh my god okay
okay okay okay okay come on come on come
on come on come on I'm done this now I'm
I'm completely serious that if I don't
do this now I'm just gonna punch I'm
gonna punch a baby all right I'm gonna
punch but I'm gonna punch a baby I'm
gonna punch your baby
all right I'm gonna punch a baby if I
don't do this okay very basically listen
shit okay okay we don't wrap it well do
that okay okay okay stay calm stay calm
don't mess this up don't know
you're lucky babies don't like it yeah
okay guys I've done like half of the
levels so this has been as a happy boost
up it's pretty cool it's got potential
it's just all the levels they're so hard
so yeah I probably will stick to the web
version for my videos I don't know let
me know if I should if I should complete
the rest of levels in the next episode
or should I go back to the web version
leave me a comment down below but anyway
guys I want to say guys so much watching
leave leave a like when we reach 10,000
likes I will upload another happy wheels
video and yeah oh hey guys someone's
watching and I will see you in the
goddamn next video
a man see you later guys love you
