Oh Oh everyone how's everyone doing is
measure self enacted a lazy man
we are doing another Q & A this Q and a
though is very special is because last
week I asked you guys to send me in
video questions and I got a bunch of
good hilarious questions so uh let's
goddamn get it to it baby
hey mr. self hey baby my question is how
do you get up in the morning like what
is your daily routine hmm what's my
morning routine well first I wake up
ah
then I would go downstairs and get
myself some breakfast
I love me oh bloody baby what is going
on now bloody I will bloody brought
Tommy and your poppy face your bloody
God beep how do you get all the pussy
and all the bitches it does okay see and
then wait what happened the second no
sir I didn't
don't start my dick with your dog was
trying to lick you okay okay
next question Amos yourself 432 1 what
everything system do you use to leukemia
and three
like what the hell okay
I know you asked me three questions
there but how about I've got three
questions for you okay number one why do
you have your top up okay see your
nipples and everything Jesus Christ
number two on your second question what
were you doing to your pants okay I'm
question number three hey Brandon my
name is Peter Hudson and my question to
you is how are you so goddamn fucking
sexy how am i how am i so sexy
well pedophile Tom do I like pies
I like press UFOs oh for goodness sake
Brandon yeah
are you MLG
oh thank god we have an actual question
in its goddamn Q&A I'd say the most
rewarding thing is just seeing you guys
as reactions when I upload a video you
know reading the comments is my favorite
thing and the most annoying thing or
frustrating thing I would say when
videos that you spend a lot of time on
don't do well you know that videos that
you just drop up thinking you know what
just oh shit video end up doing better
than other videos I'll say that's it but
thank you Jesus Christ something asked
me a legit question hi Brandon my name
is Kylie um I'm wearing my master self
shirt right now is your key but my
question for you is what is the number
one thing on your bucket list Kylie that
is a god damn sexy t-shirt you've got
going on over there so yeah she asked me
what is the number one thing on my
bucket list and guys then the number one
thing is for me to go skydiving okay I
am a bit scared of heights but I
secretly wanted to do it so I am gonna
set this video with a special task okay
if we can reach 20,000 likes on this
video okay within a month I will
actually know that this bad within two
months I will make a video of me going
skydiving okay let's see we could do it
yeah I'm kind of scared but yeah let's
do the number one thing on my bucket
list sure why not now is the time ladies
and gentlemen
hey mess yourself my name is Jimmy and
the United States first question for you
is uh what was your main motive for
making these videos was that the fans
was a popularity or was it just to have
fun and also um did you ever envision
yourself like doing these videos or
anything for a living or for a profit
must be like really cool to meet all
these like cool youtubers and all these
people now Jamie that is a very good
question what was the main purpose of
nice deciding to start making YouTube
videos and in all honesty I thought it
would be fun yes but my friends started
not inviting me out to sort of out
outings and I played games a lot and I
was literally doing nothing with my life
and I needed so I needed a hobby you
know like with all my exams going on and
school it was just so much stress I just
needed something to keep my mind off it
all and once things started once the
ball started rolling I did envision
myself doing it full-time but at that
point it was just a dream you know it
like doing YouTube full-time is like it
was a big dream at the time and I can't
believe I'm so lucky enough to do it
it's all thanks to you guys you know the
fact that you guys are watching right
now just helps me that little much to
make my dreams come true
so but in all seriousness it is true it
just blows my mind
I can't every day I wake up thinking
this is all a dream just thank you guys
again just thank you but anyway guys
that has been the video Q&A I had so
much fun watching all your videos so you
guys said the nicest things it's
literally so much fun I did have a lot
of other questions that didn't make it
into this Q&A so I might do a part two
Q&A next week so let me know if I should
do that because I do have a lot of
questions a lot of you guys sent me a
lot of questions so let me know if I
should do that but anyway guys oh hey
guys so much watching you the goddamn
next video my little letter guys love
you ba ba
