oh uh don't I want some stages Oh
everyone how is everyone doing it is
mesh yourself a acted a lazy man we are
back with the happy wills yeah yeah I'll
play such a long time
ladies gentlemen but you know what it
seems like a good time to go back to the
classic today okay later
pretty good Bigler cow okay thanks for
playing play my other levels why is he
capping half of the letters okay
he wants me check out YouTube channel oh
man this guy's like my favorite youtuber
the Hyuk guy H okay moon Egon bigger
caliber I don't get it wait is that
bloody shit on the floor
what okay okay say hello to my little
friend
yeah Victorian rampage the car has just
been invented and you want to drive it
unfortunately a lot of people are in the
way but just simply run them over and
have fun
hashtag paddle hashtag jump by Yolo
chicken master
oh shit bloody chicken okay protip on
the left use up on the first down okay
so up Oh down oh oh oh oh I see oh I see
okay
wait am I still alive probably not I
kind of want to see what happens Kabu
karthika I'm not fucking the car
the Redskins okay so we choose what car
we won let's go for double gari
oh shit okay it's a race three do one I
shake your bloody rice oh shit we feral
Scottie demo for this level I use the
landscape didn't ask for your life story
cuz it's blood B check oh my god I don't
get the reference
okay is this like a new Pokemon a Maya
Pikachu oh shit I don't get the
reference man I feel so old
some kids are like and I'm just like
here guys remember Pokemon oh shit okay
well this is the probably the best level
I've ever seen in my entire life okay
can this guy stop moaning oh shit I'm in
the cave now oh shit did I mess it up
snarling oh shit
okay
hey loop impossible
we will see about that dan dan dan 1010
1010 and that o is that it and then and
and and and and gurus
impossible jump
I made this level but I can't do it but
I still made it okay
how do your level okay so this guy who
made this own level can't even do its
own level but watch me do it in one go
shit where is this something in a bomb
Alice hang on or is a coin it's like a
secret ending to the level okay let's
get the coin first or shit damn it
indeed what if I know hey what if I oh
that's right oh that's not my face I did
that nein nein nein nein nein replay
that shit okay screw it I'm not getting
the coin anymore I'm just gonna do it
I'm gonna do the ending right here BAM
oh shit the XF means extra fast daddy
all great bloody shitty titties here
again daddy I missed you we haven't
played together in two weeks
shut up you bloody gay okay there's a
reason why because it's bloody you
shitty titty okay everyone hates you you
know will that's right we all comment
about you shitty daddy no no please
comment about me I think we're friends
shut up shitty titty oh my goodness okay
alright
harder than I thought oh bloody shit was
that like five in one can't handle that
you said one harpoon look bloody fight
it's a bloody lie I want my money back
easy easy don't mess this up
just jump oh goodness oh yeah okay
that's fine another four Pogo fat MLG I
love a bit of MLG holy shit look at all
these means okay we couldn't make it
through the levels his bloody Snoop Dogg
smoke weed everyday' fold-up always
happened to be there's bloody dos lying
down don't just phase out I'm so happy
I'm so happy to be here such such Pogo
many happy wheels yeah yeah look look at
that awesome face and then we've got
Panda or some face never heard of that
one before but okay I'm willing to try
new memes and then over here we've got
MLG guy stop doing that okay then we got
freddy fazbear over here okay and then
we've got bloody sanic okay dick bites
on the floor and then we've got when you
see the booty oh shit what is with this
level and then we've got shrek okay can
i into too MLG for me please okay Wow
survived 10 seconds oh shit
start the bloody timer oh shit okay
come on baby come on
oh no my bum no no no no no no no purse
ain't impossible I'm sick of you guys
with your bloody numbers okay not a
life's kind of looks kind of hard okay
well this is just gonna be me trying and
and okay okay there must be a trick for
this hey there's men that bottles in the
basket as you can in 30 seconds seems
easy
oh shit win a product basketball court
okay can I have the balls in my face
okay ready go go yay nice what are they
nice okay try again yeah again again
okay damageable car
if I get one Kay please upload another
here's a better idea if you get one Kay
place kill yourself
Gold keeper 5 save the ball yeah that's
what goalkeepers tend to do you bloody
asshole oh shit the play waste of my
time Oh bowl revenge I am a hobo and I
will get my revenge two years ago I
promise I will take my revenge ha ha
interesting and today came this time
time to revenge in the form of Paul Paul
revenge oh shit ha ha French son we must
run away ok oh shit ok so the old man is
turned into a bloody ghost oh I told you
shut up son you weren't even born back
then
you bloody piece of shit dignity oh shit
son is going to get me not you oh shit
Papa please I didn't mean to throw you
like Mufasa oh shit he's already taking
my son now he's after me hope oh please
I'm sorry who shit
Oh skills oh now again oh I'm alive
still come on no oh they're getting holy
shit this is so intense
oh no oh it's still not over hobo please
I'm sorry
this is bloody freaky what the hell is
this shit can I finish the level huh oh
shit table level is 5 from our old
revenge sake okay it is time for the
boss battle oh shit oh okay okay
uh what'd I do second oh did it work I
mean oh I mean oh I don't get it Wow
okay let's try this shit again come on
please don't make me do it again alright
his face ah
alright let me back away oh okay I did
it oh yeah we defeated the whole ball we
didn't get his revenge you did it oh
shit oh my goodness if I failed at the
end I would have been absolutely pissed
off bloody Al that's a good level so I
think I've been playing enough happy
world so hope you guys enjoy you guys
always love the happy woods you know
it's such a fun easy video for me to
make you know I enjoy myself playing so
yeah if we got if we can hit 10,000
likes I would upload another happy
wolves video you guys love it love it
and I love playing it so it's a win-win
but anyway guys all of it got so much
for watching and I will see you in the
goddamn next video a man she later guys
love you
