Oh everyone how was everyone do we need
EMS yourself there and today we are back
with another singly sibling video we've
got Connie over here again I'm Frankie
over here again and I asked you guys on
Twitter if you guys aren't following me
I don't know what you're doing with your
life
I asked you guys what video should we do
next with my sister's since you actually
loved the last one I love it yeah they
did have elections about 1,000 oh my
goodness actually no that's really sad
so yeah I asked you guys and you guys
said that you were my sister's to do
makeup on me I don't know why you're
bloody what's wrong with you well why
what why are we doing this but you guys
wanted it so I'm yeah my sisters are
okay I do makeup
yeah there okay okay what's the first
thing that goes do when they do the
makeup eyeshadow concealer doesn't fall
down on the rest of the face all right
well this is just another language to me
all right let's do the eyeshadow first
then okay I'm already so pretty though I
don't need any makeup look at me I even
know my face no oh my goodness
all right oh wow I have sensitive eyes
when I look great Dee don't love I want
to be pretty so tightly
okay I'm sorry it's scary all right this
is not natural for any man so if you're
doing your own eye shadow how do you
know if you're doing it right does he
have one you have all you don't shut
both eyes wait what so we're gonna work
this side of the purple into the socket
beautiful it's not bloody beautiful as
ugly I'm gonna go work that same
powerful in shut up how much I shall
you've gotta burn on me this is beyond
the entire night well boys like me after
this
well they noticed me finally Oh
your zits are public eye that's the eye
shadow done so we're gonna go with some
eyeliner now eyeliner close your eyes oh
my god oh my god what GoPro see what
you're doing to me
that's Jame I'm going blind I'm not even
joking I'm going blind right now looking
so good so far on your ISO can see the
Frankie oh that way it does today we're
using lasting perfection concealer in
dark and really good to see with my eyes
next should with our foundation oh my
goodness okay now you're just painting
on my face on namaskara you need to
close your eyes
mommy wanted a girl open your eyes man
you think I'll close them okay and then
we're just gonna do some blush we need
to do contouring as well she did
contouring fan gone darling alright so
contouring basically it's this Y drawn
lines on my face will make you look
skinnier okay so when you got iron you
have a jawline when you pout yeah
lipstick others like me you know this I
want to go outside of your lips just to
make them look bigger like Kylie Jenner
this is my side which is more of a
clubbing
look you know night-owl going up
drinking with your friends and your side
is and mine is more technically the
 look I'm not a right that's
for the moment of truth
I'm gonna hug my eyes and three two one
what have you done
I could get useless hair though nothing
I like better than most girls to be
honest nah
show us your cake pies
pretty baby
Creamery
all right so that was my sister's animal
a cup write down a comment who you think
the prettiest girl is because I am so
totally the prettiest now what we're
gonna do we're gonna come out to the
club tonight we're done
it's so much better in this video yeah
they're really I'll get any other ones
you did oh stop rubbing my nannies
