Oh Nabu everyone how is everyone - with
eating some measure selfish everybody's
do the cha-cha hey hey come on everybody
oh yeah yeah yeah yeah it's mesh
yourself hi I'm back with another vlog
I'm blocking the wall I've made a video
in a while but you know shit happens
so what we're gonna do in today's vlog
I'm running out of ideas clearly so I
thought it would be a good idea to just
eat British chocolate for a video yeah I
secretly just wanted an excuse to cheat
on my diet now that I know Susan is I
thought would be a cool idea because a
lot of you guys you're from all over all
over the world I've got people from
America from everywhere in Europe some
people in Asia some people everywhere in
the goddamn world so um I thought it
would be pretty cool to show either
chocolate that we can buy in the UK and
you guys can let me know if you've never
heard of him or if they're available in
your stupid-ass country but yeah let's
start eating some so the first chocolate
it's a double-decker okay
named after the double-decker bus brave
Britannia ladies gentlemen I don't know
what it is it's got like nougat in it I
don't know I like knew that so it's got
like nougat and like Cyril in it
so the next chocolate is the classic red
oh but it's just a simple earth frog
it's just a chocolate frog
but this lazy gentleman is what you call
that goddamn British chocolate okay when
I was a child I would get like ten of
these for ten P and I would just eat
them all at once
but then ladies and gentlemen the
recession happened and the 10-piece by
the bars became 25 okay so the next
chocolate is called in your key bar and
it was made in a town called York in the
UK and it's just a solid chocolate it's
like these big fat pieces of chocolate
nothing special about it
the tagline though is that sorry it's
not for girls the most sex system
campaign in the history of the UK and
you know what no one gave a shit there
right yeah
women can need this chakra not know
we're talking for women you're already
fat already I can say that all right so
the next chocolate is how is my favorite
chocolate ok ladies gentlemen it is god
damn malteaser now more cheeses are
basically this balls of chocolate okay
now you think they're just gonna be
solid chocolate okay only when you bite
into it you've got this like ball
another ball in the center I don't know
how they do it it's bloody magic okay
let's go like this honeycomb sin don't
even know what it is but whatever it is
it's not so k what I like to do I just
like to shove like four balls and I'm
out I'm going I'll just suck on the
balls and I just suck and suck on them
until they're drying you know it's the
only balls that I allow in my mouth you
know okay this and testicles of course
okay I'm starting to feel sick eating
all this chocolates but the next
chocolate is the goddamn Smarties okay
they come in a stupid little tube and
they're like these little
of chocolate and they're like M&Ms
except you can like taste the food
coloring it's disgusting okay so the
next chocolate is a goddamn picnic
chocolate oh my goodness look at it now
I haven't noticed this before but it god
damn looks like a piece of poo look I
just came up right out of my arse
I don't even know what's in it crunchy
chew it through et feast is that fruit
in this okay it's car like a Twix except
it's got nuts and raisins earth well
it's this shit it really does taste like
my poo okay now the next chocolate lays
gentlemen it's cool and crunchy but now
this ladies gentleman is really sexy
Oh crunchy bars it's just a regular
chocolate bar but then inside you've got
like this honeycomb shit now disgusting
it does get stopping okay oh shit kind
of yeah alright next chocolate is called
the almighty lion bar and again it's
another chocolate that looks like a
piece of poop oh yeah sorry
drop that Donovan's actually full so
it's like a picker in the middle of like
a cereal bar kind of okay nearly
throwing up okay okay we need it done
next chocolate it's called a flake okay
it's literally like a flake okay it's
this brittle chocolate need to be
careful you're gonna make I'm gonna
that's okay what what as British people
like to do we like to put this on top of
an ice cream cone and yeah it's like a
little treat I have a lot of growing up
it's like lines of chocolate all built
together it's quite as gusting okay
something different now
is a good damn milky bar okay now this
Milky Bar it's just this tab of
chocolate okay
nearly done the next chocolate is called
a narrow chocolate okay now this
chocolate it's pretty cool it's like
chocolate and in Scott like this mint
inside like look at it inside it's all
green and shit so yeah it's like it's
mint flavored and what you're meant to
do is you meant to put it in your mouth
and let it just sit on your tongue and
you'll feel like bubbles going on in
your mouth it's like popping in my mouth
pretty cool great fun okay
well I feel like I'm gonna throw up
anyway that was Mickey in chocolate
group best idea ever
I'm so regional but yeah I hope you guys
hope you foreign people found it cold
let me know in the comment section if
you guys have any of these choppers in
your country and if you don't let me
know your favorite chocolate in your
country
okay I'll probably win I've heard of it
but describe it to me then
but yeah anyway stupid art blog I'm
sorry I'm running I'm running out of
ideas for blogs if you guys have an idea
let me know actually but yeah I'm gonna
Nvidia here thank you guys so much for
watching and I'll see you tomorrow with
another god damn video thank out so much
watching good bye
