Oh everyone how is everyone doing ET
Smasher selfie and today late statement
you read the goddamn title we are back
with the phone out mm oh I'm so excited
today so what are we doing in today's
video measure yourself that's a very
good question so what we're doing today
the first thing you got to do when you
exit the boat is go to the nearest town
now there is this town called mega turn
now that there's some expression about
this town okay because it is located and
built around a Tomic Bob now this bomb
it hasn't gone off yet okay now we have
a decision we could either disarm the
bomb or set it to explode what should we
do and here it is lace gentlemen
negatory
so pretty
out of my way robot shit I've got shit
dude oh well I'll be damned look at
Megaton hello sheriff names Lucas Sims
town sheriff how dare to romania rises
okay well you got this yeah it's a
pleasure friendly and well-mannered
I think we're gonna get along just fine
you treat my people nice and you're
welcome to stay as long as you'd like
what if I don't want to don't scare me
low cuss you got something you want to
prove through what you think open me
bloody sheriff do they go topped all up
there's a new sheriff in town time to
die asshole I ain't killed a good good
piece this should be fun and to see you
staying out of trouble
what no no I'm gonna kill you asshole
no don't walk away from me you bloody oh
shit Joker was like oh shit everyone's
mad at me now you die you die okay fine
alright I won't be sure I'll let him be
goddamn Sheriff okay listen up Sheriff
if you give me the Hat I won't kill you
how about now I think you're suicidal
try me why are going to be difficult
okay you're bloody dead now let's do
this okay hahaha
no one saw okay quickly take his clothes
and bloody dump his body
here we go Lucas no one needs to know
that you bloody died okay I just wanted
to be Sheriff okay there's my town okay
it's what you get when you mess with me
okay no one's gonna find him here right
shit I better get rid of his head too I
am finally the new sheriff of mgtow
County he
you know me I'm so caught down sexually
come on Lucas let's go oh shit
is that a witness don't mind me
Dorn to find me I didn't kill Lucas okay
daddy Shh there it's okay you didn't see
anything don't stop looking at me stop
stop
Hey hi oh shit had dropped his head uh
carry on citizen I'm Sheriff
hey dude don't mind this head anyway I'm
just going to chuck it over there oh
shit uh don't mind it it's okay feed it
to the bloody what the bloody shit is
that a cow gone wrong okay I'm just
gonna leave my head there shit okay look
let's go over there
shit okay this is what I'm talking about
you see this atomic bomb okay they built
a bloody town all around it okay now
apparently there's a way to explode this
now my first playthrough I disarmed it
hello go now I know I've never seen you
in Megaton before yeah just passing
through right
no not passing through I'm the new
sheriff in town you will get a blade
with me sheriff better sell this back
again oh shit the glasses oh now you
messed with the wrong guy home look at
this guy he's like preaching to the bomb
imagine if I saw that and exploded okay
let's go to the clinic hello doc I'm
dark Church and I run this clinic before
you go asking me for help you'd better
damn rules rule 1 don't bother me if you
do bother me you better be damn near
dead I'm busy enough taking care of
people I actually like what
dog first off your brother game bloody
doc okay bleep hide his body no one will
notice the dogs dead okay good now we
still all of this shit take a stim pack
still this lalala oh my goodness look at
all this stuff why didn't I kill it
sooner
now I know what a lot of you guys are
saying Oh master Sal be good why have
you got to shoot everyone okay listen my
first playthrough I did a nice
playthrough okay and I want to see what
happens when I do everything bad okay -
leave me alone who is this kid did I
invite you here dad used to say never
mind wait what do you mean what do you
mean kid well with my dad gone I don't
really know
dad always said that I'd have to learn
to watch out for myself one day oh oh I
killed your daddy as I will say okay I
didn't know now was your daddy dude
sorry no no don't say sorry I'm sorry
pardon I think it's only right that you
have your dad's head back hey take it I
don't want it anymore hardened I'm sorry
harder your dad's here take it take it
please I don't want to see it anymore
hardened just you're making it harder
than it needs to be haunted all right
fine I'll load and early saver I didn't
kill him Jesus Christ you guys are
really harsh okay there you go she's
bloody Lucas Sims bloody Sheriff okay
you can be sure okay you've got you guys
happy now
I saved the sheriff Jesus Christ okay
what's this place the crater side supply
ooh daddy's shop hello former hey I hear
you're that stray from the fall I
haven't seen one of you for years
good to meet you anyway I drowned her on
either side supply oh I really do is
mostly tinkering and research say bored
obviously my god mmm-hmm could be the
guy I saw it Moriarty's the loo not too
long ago okay I'll check them well
listen Moira you've been an absolute
pleasure I have to go and remember I'll
buy whatever you're selling okay now
isn't she just lovely
you know what Maura I'm actually not
gonna shoot you I like you anyway let's
move on okay
Moriarty salute now this is where
apparently someone saw my Danny
uh hello everyone uh hello sir
what the bloody hell are you
gah what are you haven't you ever seen
it gold before oh I know were the
coolest
now get away from me zombie face yeah
great what do you need hey don't comment
on my face you bloody look like a bloody
ugly zombie look at that phrase anyway
this guy's bloody ugly have you seen my
dad even if I knew I wouldn't tell you
shit I shouldn't have called him a
zombie alright piss off bloody go don't
hit me don't hit you I'm daddy will you
I would hit you okay
wait do I ever say I do ever say you're
bloody dead how about you just when I
had all but given up oh my dear girl I'm
very happy to make your acquaintance
I am mr. Byrne mr. Burke is it please
continue I find myself and for all
I represent certain interests Oh you
this town this Megaton as a blight on a
burgeoning urban landscape in racing
this little accident off the map oh I
have a musician a fusion pulse show
started for a singular purpose
detonation of that he was the bloody
blow up the town holy shit
okay so he's given me a bloody fusion
thing fusion charge and he wants me to
rig the bomb so I can explode it okay
now I haven't done this before so I'm
really excited to do it so um yeah
should we go do it now okay here we go
activate atomic bomb rigged the bomb to
explode you successfully insert the
fusion poles charge the bomb is now
rigged to explode
from a safe distance of course okay shit
we've rigged it okay okay okay
now we what we need to do is we've to
travel to a safe distance so we can see
it explode okay here we go
oh shit oh I'm so excited
hello sir the post charge is reached yes
excellent yes excellent the anticipation
is isn't it bloody revolution savoring
the moment
you may have the honor of pressing oh oh
and mind your eyes right right oh shit
I'm so scared
we are now going to activate the remote
detonator
three two one
Oh
holy shit look what we've done that shit
oh my god oh shit I can't believe we did
that we killed everyone in mega town oh
shit
anyway can I get paid now okay and gave
me a thousand bottle caps holy shit I'm
rich and I need to do was killed like
ten people and a couple of children
goddamn it what a bloody bargain high
hell bloody ell what did why did you why
yeah why did you want to block Mecca to
Megaton I complained offhand one day
about how I thought that heap of metal
on the horizon was a bit of an eyesore
mr. Berg offered to take care of it wait
are you trying to tell me you wanted me
to kill oldest people just because you
didn't like the look of the town you
don't have a problem with getting orders
people
oh no I'm certainly rather sore about
all of that but certain sacrifices must
be made
okay I feel quite bad about doing it now
so what's your bloody get anyway shit
I wonder what it looks like all blown up
should we go over to make it to now okay
here we are
is that you oh my head still ringing
from that explosion what happened
why is how you you don't look so good oh
that's a real nice thing to say of
course it's me what's with the weird
look don't you remember who I am
did you hurt your head in that big
explosion what are you in the town I
like you I'm pretty sure you weren't
always a goal a goal what me oh shit she
doesn't even know why my goal is because
of that explosion
no anywhere where Google like me no I'm
sorry seems like that isn't my problem
sticky face oh right well this seems
like the perfect excuse to do some of
that downtown explore guess there's no
time like the present data oh shit my
I'm sorry holy shit what have I done
Oh what have I done
look at this this giant oh shit holy
shit I feel really bad about killing all
those innocent people and they're Moira
goes off to the sunset to live the rest
of her life
goodbye Moira I hope you live well I
hope you live well okay I'm sorry I'm
sorry okay all right now let's see what
happens if we don't disarm the bomb okay
so we're back in mega town yeah yeah so
what we're gonna do now is I'm gonna
tell sheriff McGee whatever his name was
that that guy over there wants to blow
up the town and he's going to beat him
up for me
yeah sheriff McGee yeah oh that guy over
there I met a man named bug
he said he'll pay me to rig a bomb to
explode he said what oh I never did like
the look I've never did have a good look
at him okay uh he gave me this pure huge
diffusion charge thing hazus give me
that thing yeah don't worry I was gonna
blow it up when I already ate let's go
find this burn character yeah got to get
an education in wasteland justice waste
lyin
justice come on Lucas sheriff oh look at
him go
bolting away he really wants to kill his
cat bug oh shit we're going to get him
you can't mess around with my mega town
no he cannot baby girl oh shit here we
go here we go do their work explain your
business in mega time what do you offer
you know damn well what I'm talking
about a bomb you're trying to blow it up
have you lost your goddamn mother now
God Batman I'm guessing you under arrest
Burt all these two till I figure out
what the hell's going on around here
theorem and shit lead the way
oh shit I don't trust him I don't trust
them don't oh it's gonna God thank God
shit Buck has been killed know what
someone says anyone know CPR
hello you Lucy you know CPR what about
the ugly sticky face rest in peace Lucas
I will now become sheriff in his honor I
am now Sheriff girl I will I will move
out the bloody way you bloody gate rest
in peace Lucas you were good you were a
good man Lucas
you worked on that good man and you glad
you bloody killed him okay ladies
gentlemen I'm gonna end the video here
that was bleep me blowing up mega town
now should I blow it should I go with
the safe where I block mega town or
should I call Greece a bore I don't I'm
really enjoying fallout free look it's
snowing I think this is another one of
the mods that I have it changes like the
weather and stuff I hope you guys
enjoyed the video if we reached 10,000
likes I will upload another fallout 3
video anyway oh hey guys so much
watching and I'll see you in the net god
damn video bye see you later guys love
you bye bye
piss off your bloody gate
