holy shit lesbian savvy son close your
eyes I will investigate the lesbians oh
hello Lisbon
show me the deadly Oh show me the deadly
no son don't you grab a tittie or no I
grabbed my son's dippy hello everyone
how is everyone doing it is mr. self
they answered a lazy demo we are playing
to her pee wheels yeah yeah ah yeah I'm
gonna have some fun with this game I
always do
yeah so one thing I noticed that they
added a new level on the future levels
subway rampage now the frigate levels
are pretty shit but I'll do this one
okay a message from Lester yo Susan they
got nuggets at McDonald's okay I can
read that okay
anyway let's go back to the normal level
stock the ball just do it
yes you can nothing is impossible haha
but this is very simple shut up
you're not funny with your memes ok look
oh poor sketball
wait what was that oh this level looks
nice daddy
I know son holy shit I'm so much for
having shit levels okay I'll pull
archivist and house I did it hey you won
hey I only want you both will run
supreme so original let's play it hello
my name is Garrett I don't give a shit
what your name was okay so the blue
balls are easy the red heart and the
yellow is happiness I didn't even know
what happiness means okay let's do it oh
shit okay how do I do this okay
that was good I like that shit poco
fight meme edition but he's read this
level oh shit pogo fight look at all
these memes okay so over here we've got
poker face meme okay now this long face
uh this bloody shit okay so I'm just
gonna move past them and then we have
challenge accepted
I did it okay challenge done dealt with
and then we've got that god damn oh my
god face shut up oh my god I love poker
levels I absolutely love them like
they're so original so much fun I'm
having a sir I'm having the time of my
life right now I'm having it's a time of
my life
I hate me I'm gonna I'm gonna be honest
guys memes or stupid names or means as
memes a gay yeah that's right means
means that God that gay shit I've got an
acting upon I've got an axe in me bomb
I've got an axe in me bum what we're
gonna do
Oh am I gonna do lot now God names names
names names names release means Mae Mae
Mae Mae Mae Mae mean names names mate
naming names names amaze names Mamie
Mamie names names names all right I did
it oh oh
quickly make escape don't don't fail
this one Brandon I can't be the
trollface most level troll holy shit I
couldn't accent my bomber sword in my
face go away
your level means you want okay you want
sniper shoot the doggies
play my other levels shut up oh shit I
think what the bloody shit is that Dad
it's not for sport can't go down oh she
danced and ended not eating a piece of
red shit go down there and move man
shooting dog starts is illegal bad
tendon and and and there's a closer ease
BAM
oh shit I can't anything about that kid
chitty-chitty chitty-chitty down down
and under okay well that was a pretty
good I just had sore throat easy
oh I love sore throat I love sore throat
let's all play this sore throat together
their shitty TB I've killed your forever
dime than a sore throat but look saw
throws of fun
look watch me grab this sword and then
watch me kill all of the characters in
happy wills whoa and look at all these
texts here whoa whoa whoa that was
hilariously fun didn't you have fun guys
and look like one
thank you for playing no thank you for
making such a good level piss off your
bloody game from the hook throw kind of
like a demo level if it's popular I'll
make a log of us and when it's got
50,000 plays so you better hurry up you
bloody gate
okay okay let's do you know the harpoons
aren't even going is it justice holy
shit
rope impossible born hey guys I want you
to read all text shut up I can't read
okay let's go oh damn that I meant and I
know shit or I get this now it's a rope
swing but it's an impossible level all
right grab grab it oh no donor grab it
the weather is buzzing shut the fuck up
me next time but it's quite mean holy
shit lesbian Sun close your eyes I will
investigate the lesbians oh hello
Lisbon's
show me the deadly Oh show me the deity
should know son don't you grab a tittie
oh no I grabbed my son stiffy oh shit oh
goodness fat pervert taking pictures of
the titties coming lesbians
show me the titties show me the de son
what do I said no yes go grab the titty
oh look at the titty oh no the titties
are invisible shit okay let's move on
screw the lesbians a screw you fat old
man holy shit it's Tuesday
oh the weather has changed and I told
you we should have stayed inside son if
I hear another word of you I will bloody
kill you Boyle what is with this dragon
shit oh shit I just killed the bloody
dragon shitty duty and dad helped us
defeat the dragon okay avatar man wait
is this is this level and avatars closed
shut oh shit oh shut son shut up
holy shit what is this Maddy this levels
really long I don't like low levels you
disturb the dragon battle it long oh
shit nori said long danger holy shit
boss battle oh shit what is that next
rush mummy oh shit Oh dodged it Oh sugar
baby die this level is bloody hardcore
what do i do do i attack the dragon
uh it's a HP went down oh shit
exclamation marks dad damn don't oh my
good what would a sane
quickly attack the dragon again oh shit
so many exclamation marks oh no oh what
a save all this is so intense
quickly take the dragon again
oh no my friend the Dragonslayer okay a
lot of work went into this level but I
don't know even know what was going on
but I liked it I liked it
fix happy wills by supersnap boy
bla bla bla let's fix happy wheels I
know I'm not the only sized person to
make a level like this but I hope the
last one either we need to spread the
word fix this problem
good karma Noah oh shit that one ignore
these levels where there glitch levels
I hate glitch levels they get lots of
Newton and don't give me a chance to get
a lot of views on my level
bloody complaining shit red Pogo top
uncle level what what I love these
what's behalf the type of balloon hetero
bro now this sounds fun let's see if
it's fun
oh it's a poor throw but with its hosted
holy shit what oh my god what what what
have you done oh my god what oh no I
picked that oh shit
pay was this level this is the most
disturbing level I bought if I played
ever also I have to throw it in unlock
with two wins man this is good I like
this shit its original Moorhead ocean no
what have I done
I'm sorry people that I killed quickly
unlock win okay I'm gonna close the
level because I'm quite scared
shut up
killer masa six six six you're really
also shit I was watching them yesterday
they're bloody terrible okay hello again
level 1 believe the killer okay on the
road again June and turn and turned
under I just can't wait okay so this
level you have to make it through
without loosing your heads what the hell
alright watch this no 99 for certain
possible rate the five stars if you
bloody went right forward you're bloody
right
save the replace watch my other levels
and check out my youtube channel shut
the shit up stay stay 10 seconds to win
Oh shake what the bloody of shit okay
I'm gonna take this more seriously this
time watch this
yeah yeah yeah yeah Nick McAuliffe demo
this was something I worked on about a
year ago he's been spending a year on
this level it's going to be amazing I
was born from a crate I went down into a
cave bloody died
skatepark 2005 bro Pepe will skate park
today
oh shit I didn't mean to bring you along
you bloody shitty today but we're gonna
escape oh look at that you see that
grind son daddy you are really good
skater you could be you could be the
next tony hawk i am the next tony hawk
son I'm stuck okay watch this I gotta I
do a flip oh shit
you are sweet you think that was
hardcore son what I did a front flip and
I did it into a grinder daddy
bloody hell daddy it's cool yeah shut up
bloody gay and now there's a purple 10
years ago holy shit this storyline tho
this is cool dad yeah shut up again holy
shit this story oh look I'm doing the
biggest crime of my life shop oh shit a
donut oh shit our fat woman crying I
don't get it okay and then and then we
followed the donut and we won whoa
soccer course worked really hard on it
hope you enjoy I hope I enjoy it too
what the bloody shit I hate these don't
move levels even tell me not to move but
I'm not gonna move you know what guys
I'm playing for long enough I feel I'm
gonna end a video here I love happy was
so much it's so it's just so much shit
it was just silly stupid fun anyway guys
let's try and hit 10,000 blocks if you
enjoy I had a lot of fun I hope you did
too
and yeah anyway um I think I was
watching I'll upload another happy words
when we reached as likes 10,000 and I'll
see you in the next video man love you I
love I really do I love you okay bye
