whoo hello everyone how is it all doing
in this measure selfie today we are
gonna be reacting to something yeah now
I love watching dank memes okay it's all
I do every single day all right because
I'm a sad loser who you know yeah I'm
just a sad loser honestly you know I
need to get my life together and just
stop watching memes you know I actually
do something with my life as we gather
kick in the cat
what kind of little stupid-ass girl
kicks a poor cat but I don't even do
anything look II hit at once and then or
he didn't have to do anything because
she's just herself oh look at the moves
on this cat though what the hell is this
okay a really budget Incredibles
animation oh and you know we all stop
and hey just walk straight through their
family meal okay well that's that's
funny meme huh okay a dog wait what this
dogs a toaster okay well alright that's
that's what memes are now okay that like
a huh
Oh lookie here khon kaen don't mind if I
do I'm just gonna wash it that first put
it in the water and wait wait wait go
poor record any so confused so sad but I
know I can't help but laugh you know you
gotta admit alright oh great on that
now we're not done with town loss means
all right how many a months ago in this
film oh all right fireflies okay and
fountain offices is dancing okay okay
alright woman walking and what the hell
is anyone need a hand with anything okay
what's going on why do they all film
this and what why why why are they doing
now alright well that was that was fun
to look at I guess alright these guys
are throwing stuff are they trying to
move out and throwing stuff on a
trampoline oh gosh okay that's broken
well that can be used again
oh no just a mirror oh yeah what we
expecting to happen
Star Wars memes Wow okay all right what
we're gonna do jump and then let me
guess you guys
ah rigor mortis plays right at the end
okay yeah minecraft meet Star Wars
that's that that's the meme oh my god
boys valve four different versions of
the new and improved people potpie ready
people Popeye please don't tell me
that's an actual person okay okay all
right
she must have made a pie that looks like
a face okay I'm gonna watch that there's
disgusting uh another foul nice meme how
many Dallas memes okay it's just a new
thing where he clicks or and something
what happens oh here we go
okay what is that see a sports it's in
the game okay you can put you could put
anything that I want you meant to get a
laugh out of it by ling-ling
casual racism alright that's funny
alright a bunch of people on the train
oh he just got slapped everyone look on
the right so here we have 45 caliber and
9 caliber bullets difference how he
drops it and the bullet said send nudes
okay well how hilarious do you guys
remember the mess yourself send nudes me
more I think that's way funny
unfortunate turn of events to to uh
spill my cereal everywhere look at me
I'm reacting to my own video so funny
man with the right editing alright you
can make anything funny man mourners
surfing with you what is going on
alright but he's like a little
transformer if you think about it this
is a granny playing
she could outgun okay all right I
thought the clip was real but alright
but it was it was a skit have five funny
Oh alright here we go
good timing what is the internet okay so
going that is so cute
god bless that dog alright I think it's
dead now alright so yeah I think I just
ruin the mood all right because that dog
is now dead oh I rest in peace Byul oh
they're playing this game where you got
to throw the suck in the hole Oh No
geez that looked painful
all right a big sack you landing on your
big sack all right it will probably
doesn't feel nice 3,000 us memes in the
same video
okay can this one please be better all
right anything that has why
entertainment man what are that brings
me back ah place stones man what was
that PlayStation 1 right that was
PlayStation 1 right
or was it PlayStation 2 I think was
PlayStation 1 man that brings me back
I missed that sound look at this good
girl
alright so little kid on a slide
oh no he's going back on the other way
of the slide was gonna okay well the
kids kids be dumb they said is this is
this kid I just kidding
eating painting wait no no no that's
that's not weed no no no no that's just
a plot I'm pretty sure we does not look
like that okay but I think they're
hinting that it's weed I love this oh
man
one no okay okay I think this is this
cat is high shit what what no no way
okay nan and that's fake I think that's
fake all right all right guys all right
everyone vote right now do you guys
think this clips fake or real because
like that I do not believe that look how
it perfectly like you know replays
itself I think it's fake okay
he's punch boxing what do you need
laughs at the head go for barbecue big
large order of fries and a soda with no
ice and a piece of nothing so well sure
I will deep fry you an entire goddamn
yeah you go man I want you to have this
nothing that's so well whoever did that
oh is this
it's a fortnight rap okay
okay can you can you believe this man I
mean it was pretty pretty good actually
I'm not gonna lie oh is that DJ call it
so dumb baby with the camera Oh Wilky
baby
oh that's disgusting you trying to
unclog is-is-is drain
okay well that just spilled everywhere
oh right good luck cleaning that Jesus
Christ yeah what are you doing
even has communism underwear he bought
that just to make that meme all right so
you got to appreciate her baby changing
station yeah baby hanging station okay
okay guys you know what I think I'm on
meme doubt all right if you like this
continuing as a series leave a like as
soon as we reach 30,000 likes I will
post another up reacting to memes video
all right in the in these videos I'm not
really doing anything I'm just kind of
watching memes alright but you know I
have to go collect them and stuff
alright so I think it's still you know
what Wow you know watching you know I
like watching memes you know and it's
cool that we get to do it together
either way though guys so much for
watching I really appreciate it and I'll
see you in the next round man steady
guys buh-bye
