haha hello everyone how is everyone
doing it is to measure selfie hey guys
and today ladies gentlemen I'm popping
in with an extra video I wasn't planning
on uploading today but today late June
we are playing some shitty flash games
now I'm playing a bunch of flash games
by the makers of you know the wack games
the wacky ex do wacky computers the
whack your boss the wacky Oh dig okay
that was coming soon but yeah instead of
playing those shit since everyone else
has done on YouTube bunch of original
those guys though though I thought I
would play his other games because he
had other games that aren't as popular I
don't know why we're gonna find out new
name so the first game is cat woman do
decom presents Holly dingleberry as
catwoman and her nine lies see what he
did that
hahahaha okay let's start this day okay
so we've gotten a woman Catwoman in a
litter box and over their space okay so
Catwoman is bent over the litter box
with her bum hanging out so we've got a
bunch of words here characters kind of
scared to click this guy's okay okay I
kind of was expecting that so I present
characters she poops out a bunch a bunch
of puppies look at God's face the cats
like what the hell did I just see
Catwoman you're trying to teach me how
to poo pee okay what's in gnosis studi
you've got an obsession about pooping
Avenue then why corrects there was a one
away you pooped on the guy's face you
remember that Jesus Christ good smiley
cat woman I don't understand
and what's your obsession with who did
evil and in there a convicted the litter
box the cat is freaked out even more
let's try downloads myself channel has
reached a whole new low Pisa
okay now this has to be the scariest one
out of the more I'm scared to press it I
think that okay so it's a teaser pool I
please a pool you think it's coming out
but no ladies and gentlemen is is go
back right in okay games
what is games fan club oh my god
yeah how was that guy okay well I've
invested too much time is already but
I'm also finish off what the hell's
bloody contact bloody mobile what's this
okay this cat is traumatized okay this
has gone from a crazy teaching me how to
pull lesson to goddamn trick shots would
do impose deleted scenes let's just
finish this off okay well that was crap
woman I now know why it wasn't as
popular as whack your boss or whack your
ex okay let's move on to his next
unpopular game okay this one is called
Doody mad voodoo okay type victims names
here okay we all know a dickhead called
Simon okay quick hit enter I would love
to
this is your assignment okay and we've
got a bunch of numbers on the left on
the right hand side this is duty man the
guy from the last time who fell in love
with the shitting cat woman what the
bloody hell is he doing oh my god okay
enough messing around Simon I'm gonna
press one stay relevant I just wanted
everyone to like my video I'm guessing
this is gonna be the rest of it we've
got 11 ways to bloody shit on Simon okay
let's try number two okay number three
okay
okay number six alright number seven
shitting grenade why not number hey okay
okay what's number nine a trampoline
oh no don't make your basil okay
okay number ten really doesn't haze
gentlemen don't worry okay
Oh
duty man it's still going look at the
sky
okay
he fell through the poo okay ladies
gentlemen I'm gonna end the video here
I'm sorry I shouldn't I shouldn't never
got uploaded today I'm so sorry
but anyway this is this has been the
wack your games that weren't as popular
clearly you could tell why no one played
this shit cuz it was shit including shit
did I mention it has shit in it and
pretty sure I bloody did but anyway guys
thanks for watching and I'll see you in
the next video man
till then again I love you
