Oh everyone how's everyone doing
it is mr. selfie and today ladies
gentlemen we are back in again with hit
man
absolution the most badass game in the
whole of history of man so well yeah
before I start I just want to thank you
guys so much for the support in the
first episode like most of you were just
completely support of me and yeah just
made me realize that you guys are just
awesome but anyway let's stop this
goddamn video I'm so excited oh it was a
dark stormy night and Madden off the
streets the agency knows my secure
location it's a comedy bloody searching
for us ok this is the safest place I
know can I come with you
shut up you bloody all know he's like
no-one shut up you need to hide people
are after you ok oh shit who is this
none shit it was you who come yes sister
prays alone
oh hell no don't you dare put me with
this non on babylonish say thank you for
your help this girl is important take
this Oh ching ching we will take good
care for my son oh okay diana said you
need that necklace don't lose it oh you
come back shut up huh okay yes I'll be
watching I'll be watching oh so mad is
so bad eyes and this nuns like come on
you bloody cow I'm gonna put you to work
Jesus Christ
so cool
okay so what's happened so far is we
killed that woman and we stole that girl
because apparently doctors are making
her into another hit man oh shit look at
these holes yeah yeah come on hit man
pick up some bitches up look at this
kinky ass girls
it matters like no no pussy for me
okay rooms to read tell me what to do
oh look we have room birdie we need to
meet Barney
Jackson's procedure my man who's bugging
a man with a courage I'm guessing you're
need of some information and I just
might be willing to play ball
but first I got fever - all Craigs
stupid ass buddy you want me to yeah I'm
a man I don't ask questions I kill who I
won't and when I won't you know how it
is you know who yeah
part one can you chant it down okay so
with the kill this guy oh shit okay we
are now entering Chinatown oh my god and
fires over here okay locate the chick
king of Chinatown we're gonna kill this
guy he is gone not gonna see a comment
oh shit is that is that it that's him
that's him the king of Chinatown now the
thing about this game there is multiple
ways of killing people now I could
receive a countless ways to assassinate
the king of Chinatown I'm saying that
you stupid girl so instead of just doing
one and then completing the level I
think I might just do them all and show
you okay one of the ways we can kill
this bloody shit okay is that his car is
parked right on the side of here and
apparently we can blow it up by shooting
that barrel or something police officer
can you bloody piss off
no jeez so once you two came short of a
six-pack over here okay okay there he is
there's the police officer okay God pick
up there you go you little shit
okay so conveniently-placed is
explosives why are explosions here I do
not know okay I'm gonna put explosives
right here and call his car okay now we
wait for him to check out his guys like
watch my corridor going off I hope no
one destroyed my car there he is
go on go to your car go to your bloody
oh no what the hell happened
okay let's restart the checkpoint okay
so that's one of the ways that you can
kill him now there's a couple of others
okay so another way you can kill them is
you grab this fish over here and
apparently it's really really poisonous
I don't know why it's here but if we
sneak on by shut up don't see me don't
see me I'm gonna take this fish and
they're completely okay with me taking
the fish okay so now that we have two
poisonous fish we can poison this bloody
shit okay if we go here take this
disguise quickly change change change
change okay now we are a bloody cook and
now we can go right close to the guy and
he will not suspect a thing
okay we are now allowed in here
okay okay no no don't be suspicious okay
and we can poison his coffee pretty
boring but it will do the job
so this cool-looking mother trucker is
his drug deal
look look how happy is he is the other
way we can kill him we're gonna have to
disguise himself as him but first let's
just poison him first oh here he comes
hello sir it's a good day for coffee
isn't it go on you drunk
shit take the coffee oh okay just
magically pop in your hands go on no one
there it is okay now we are gonna
pretend to be his drug dealer and we are
gonna poison the drugs and kill him that
way okay first need to find the drug
dealer okay there's a policeman guarding
him here so if I sabotage this now he's
distracted okay he's distracted go don't
see me don't see me okay he didn't see
me okay go through here no drug dealing
drugs this bad don't do drugs kids you
little shit okay we are now dressed as
the cool looking drug dealer okay so
what we're gonna do with the poison fish
we're gonna place in the cocaine okay
put the cocaine what was that screeching
noise okay now that we poison the
cocaine we're gonna get that guy to take
the cocaine hello hello we do the goods
to the goods yeah sure I could do that
come on follow me follow me we're going
to get the bloody charts let me get the
door for you come on come on take the
drugs I'm just gonna close the door
there you go come on go take the trucks
Hey
you live in this shithole Hey Christ
shut up you bloody ass and go and take
it look okay okay so the next way you
could do it is apparently you can snipe
them if you hide in that place where we
just were
you couldn't even apparently snipe them
now a conveniently placed is a sniper
over here now if we go look out out this
window we could just sniper them okay
there it is all right wait for the right
shot wait for it wait for it
okay now everyone knows we're here let's
just see how this goes SWAT team is on
its way
wait what the hell oh shit okay not the
best ways to kill her but sure why not
okay now we're gonna do my favorite ways
of killing him
now if we follow him there will be a
couple of opportunities now we can kill
him okay he's on the move
he's on the move the way we're gonna
kill him is we're gonna push him down
this manhole okay god damn it all right
we've missed the opportunity but there
is another way if we shoot down this
crane what is you doing now what what
are you doing are you doing a pee pee oh
shit
anyway if we shoot down his crane it
will kill him oh shit okay let's do
properly all right this time I'm gonna
get rid of this police officers first so
if I throw the bottle right here oh go
and investigate it go go go go go go
okay I guess that works
okay now that that police officers
taking care of it would be a hell of a
lot easier to kill this guy wait for it
doing here it will be a shame if someone
pushed me they did good occupation I did
it
king of Chinatown eliminated that's
definitely my favorite way okay we're
gonna try this shit again okay dude go
on do your little peepee with your
little Willy okay
then we're going to bloody kill it wait
for it wait for it okay everyone's like
oh okay
drop dead oh yeah and I think ladies
gentlemen that's all of the ways were
most of them anyway I didn't leave out
for you but I can't mob to do them but
that later is how you kill with a king
of Chinatown exit charged out
no one's gonna suspect a thing
hey don't call me a fucker okay are we
meeting up with that pigeon dude what's
his name again
pigeon I got the goose guys like Oh give
a shit
get your ass in here uh it should man
holy shit look at this guy he's looking
for you me that's my home then well
that's my business information you need
information I find in that a price of
course
yeah you buddy shared you're damn right
in a price of course girl named Victoria
the agency wants a bad I need to know
why why no way with our with the agency
you want me to snoop around the agents
yes I bloody door crazy yeah damn
straight I'm crazy all right what is she
worth to you name your price what's your
price you ugly why do I need this guy
he's a barroom why do I need his help
what does he want tools tools you're a
bloody toilet
you're bloody gay okay it matters like
sure man
I bought it suitcase for the reason for
that reason only
him each man's face is like goddamn it
why's everyone so cut them annoying oh
shit
now listen to the city if anyone
mentions a girl you know what to do
yeah I'll call you yeah you better call
me homie homie cheap not like anyone
does he he's like I fucking hate
everyone
okay ladies Tony but that was the King
and god damn Chinatown
now I could have just done one way to
kill him but like there's so many ways
to kill em I felt like doing them all so
uh let me know if you want me to do them
all or two just to do one I prefer to do
them all let me know in the comment
section you know but yeah that was that
episode of hitman absolution and having
so much bonus game it's so much fun
killing people especially when they
deserve it
so yes when we hit 10,000 like I will
upload the next episode you did it so
quickly last time guys I'm so excited
the next episode will be in a couple of
days I'll do it as soon as we hit 10,000
likes sorry that this episode took took
is time to come out but yeah anyway only
they go start watching and I will see
you in the next video man see you later
guys
whoa
