hello everyone how's everyone doing it
is mr. selfie at the daylight gentlemen
we are finally back with high school
she's so yellow gentleman we are finally
back and today we are going to finish
high school dreams I asked you guys last
episode for 15,000 likes and we got
bloody 30,000 you guys want to see this
ending this bad so I played through the
whole thing god damn again it takes two
but we are doing it so there's going to
be a long episode because we're going to
finish the goddamn game so go grab a cup
of tea some potato chips or whatever and
let's start okay so what have you guys
missed well I've got a date with Seth
he's gonna take me to a skating oh and
I've got to talk to Emily for some
reason Emily doesn't like say I don't
know why hey Emily let's talk about Seth
Emily I can't believe the things people
have been saying about 7 me oh no I mean
how can they think that you would date
him I am dating him I mean Rhea what why
why he's a good friend but I thought you
were my like glutted oh I am your friend
and as your friend I suggest you stay
away from Seth this is no rent street
each other they made us do things that
make them happy your happiness is
costing us our popularity you're sure
that's it Seth are you exactly
what do i do what do i do on one hand
we've got Emily my bestest friend we
made friends on the first day of school
on the other hand we have the cutest boy
in the school the ugly emo kid what do i
do what do i do huh huh what do we do
whoa uh-oh it's now time for my dad
would say let's go baby
hey how you doing sir I'm seem unhappy
I would know I only upset me big oh yeah
you discovered that someone you thought
you knew was not quite so tolerant
okay bla bla la la la that's what I was
like can someone tell me where the hell
Seth Seth took me ice skating and he's
not even bloody skating with me is he a
bloody gay I know he bloody was but
wonder why your bloody shit skating was
fun maybe now you'll be straight with me
what's on your mind
yeah what's we're gonna take this the
wrong way no Mike well I just I need
your money shit I've seen everything
you've given up to be with me and I'm
afraid I can't keep watching it are you
breaking up with me it's for what would
you call the best news day with me is
only hurting you
hey fuckin psycho if you think you have
to do this you don't yes I do
you've already lost your best friend
I don't go and the rest of your friends
will if they go because of you then I
never needed them
so don't walk away from me you are the
love of my life sugar did some sorry
so she's crying I loved you Seth you
were the best plan dreams oh sure she
was cruel well I'm pretty sure we've got
plenty other boys to go vote
okay guys what we are doing now is we
have a double date with Benny the
jokester family looks like we beat the
guys here yeah no doubt
Syd still fixing his hair to ignore
gravity uh oh yeah so basically at two
boys like Emily the bloody hole so yeah
about the motherfucking chair holy
testosterone II great she is the best
flutter holy testimony okay well that
was the best game evolve in my whole
entire life
uh yeah I don't know you rock at
mini-guide aren't you pretty big i mini
practice a lot hahahahaha sure what did
shut up you bloody tit looks like I have
to get home now either one of you gents
feel like escorting me yeah oh sure
thing my own entourage
look at that she bloody loves being a ho
a great date even though I suck at mini
golf
but look okay is that it is it I was
shit that was absolute shit you're a
shit tonight was fun no I don't think
I've ever seen Emily this happy huh well
come on do something else you bloody
pussy cause of a man take me home walk
me home you bloody dick that's it I'm no
I'm not going for you Benny you bloody
dick piss off you bloody shit face okay
I got a text message from Olivia says we
should talk I think we have something to
talk can these body girls just just text
properly stop you fucking bitch what do
you want that I'm up for shopping no I
don't want to shop now piss off I won't
take no for an answer
really really what's the big deal what
do you need so bad well you need new
clothes what hey whoa what you tryna
what are you trying to say you bloody
shit so what I have to do is basically
escort this whole just go shopping hey
sure it is what do you think of it I
love the shoes Olivia maybe I should get
some too maybe I should but they look
very tackies or maybe they look better
on you
alright we let's go to the bathroom so
you can change into your new clothes
yeah oh my godula Livia looks Sam
were you in on this and to think you
tricked me by pretending to dump me well
if there was ever any deception it was
not intentional who are you taking to
the prom then Seth
yeah shoot so Seth any plans on that
front
well I did wonder if perhaps you might
like to accompany me wanna try
rephrasing that as a question yes okay
will you do me the honor of a cookie the
prom it's asking me to prom if you
accept an invitation to prom you and not
be able to go on any other dates oh no
that's not gonna work
um no this is all so sudden I think I
need to think about this yeah I don't
want to go here's your ugly little shit
face I'll still be ready when you are
piss off tell me if you're ready I'm not
going to prom with them some ugly little
shit V got a text message from Benny
meet me in the room 103 ASAP
town folder big one what he's going to
show me ad Willy honey I got your text
about your Willy what what what's going
on Danny I have something for you
Wow the remote excellent I can't thank
you enough
no you really can't I can try if you let
me take you to prom that yet like all
your makeup fool huh that depends would
you say yes oh shit what do I do guys do
I want to go to prom with Benny he was
meant to be in the friend zone no listen
this is a bit sudden yeah yeah
not a problem okay guys we are back I
took a ticket break and I've been
recording for so long and I've been
doing so much cutting because so much
boring crap happens okay but anyway what
have we got planned total tomorrow we
have got trucks brick game a basketball
okay now maybe if I cheer him on but
like yeah Chuck he will ask me to prom
okay here we go
the big game is nearly here Chuck needs
your help to relax before the big game
do you want to go help of course I do
he's my bloody Bay oh it's just a big
game oh my goodness got seats bullshit
what am I looking at right now but again
what a point it cause the winning point
oh we win well that was the best thing
ever
whoa we did it I did I couldn't have
done it without you you know yeah sure
you could know without you I'd have been
a nervous wreck oh I'm happy to have
helped Tau's sweet now ask me to prom
you buddy shit no where you going ask me
to prom Chuck you're a bloody shared
phase hey now this is all done and over
I was wondering if you'd like to go to
the prom with me
Oh wants to go finally the bloody ass
SF's asked me that jokesters asked me
and now Chuck has asked me I've got
three days to the prom do I say yes to
the bloody high school ah sweetheart of
Chuck
no sorry Chuck I'm not sure what I'm
doing featherbomb well yeah good go with
me no I'm not shy even there you go
I see well if you change your mind I
won't hold a grudge okay cool
see ya oh okay guys you know what I have
changed my mind
I want to go to prom with Seth you know
the bloody emo kid okay now I found a
YouTube video which I'll link in
description that shows all of the
endings would order boys but they don't
show Seth I thought I would go is set
and if you want to see the rest of the
ending so you can watch that video but
you know what I don't want spend any
more time on this I'm just gonna ask I'm
just gonna say yes I said okay will you
do me the honor of accompanying me to
the prom oh you're bloody good okay you
know what I'll do it
alright sad I've considered your offer
and I think I'd like to go to the prom
with you that's excellent news I was
scared that you wouldn't want to go to
the prom I what I didn't want to go with
you you bloody gay
okay ladies gentlemen is the time we've
all been waiting for it's time to go to
poop with Seth good evening sir
time for our grand entrance you'll do
great
oh good school oh it's so pretty
it's just a little strange to be here
with you I can't imagine what I did oh
how sweet
this bloody gate but maybe you should go
get something to drink yeah and I'll
catch up
I got your mingle see you later Seth
Butler Cox this is prom so this is how
the game ends eh
you go to prom remember ladies and gents
the dance contest
round what contact prom king and queen
carpet prom king and queen
sugar kitchen should be good prom queen
we so have to do the dance competition
oh look at that - look at the true look
out I go out to a spread you I spit oh
shit let these two go
shimmy and look at Seth he's doing the
wiggle wiggle what yeah my black just go
what kind of shit our son is he doing I
thought it was Nemo look at him he is
owning a gasps Wow ladies and gentlemen
the winners of this round sugar tits and
said come on you bloody shit couple
number seven we won we did yeah bye I
really can hahaha
shut up Seth you bloody gay okay so we
want a dance competition one step closer
to be prom king and queen
holy shit
Roger router router router hi
that's dress Koppel contest oh shit
welcome to round two five couples one
bras let's see how cold test and weed
now for our first couple aren't they a
pair very lovely
our next Apple puts the fun in function
as well as it's bloody hole number three
is looking rather classic in their
traditional outlasted goal number four
is looking stunning well done g2 Nabil
you're bloody hell here's couple number
five wow they're better dress than the
royal family Hey and the winners are
couple number three Lucia we were look
it was sorted but no that's it now we
got it be prom king queen
we've won round one we're on round two
round three there's no chance no one's
got any chance everyone we are about to
start the final round judging all
entrants will need to come forward for
the most charming jolly contact come on
now sugar titty is the high school okay
of course of course she's going to win
oh shit was this I'm here because I
found the most accepting and kind girl
I've ever known
she look beyond the prejudices of her
peers and accepted me for who I am
yes I came here with someone who knew
that great men had said all that could
be said before but still managed to say
it all in a new way in truth I was
simply standing on the shoulders of
giants he doesn't give himself enough
credit well there seems to be no doubt
here as to who the most romantic couple
is yeah a big hand for our sensitive
poet is wait the winner of the grand
prize goes to couple after their crown
yeah tradition says that our royal
couple will start the proms final dance
tonight has been full of surprises
agreed and the night is still young that
it is this could be the start to
something special so sad have you
enjoyed the dance so far I'm not the
best answer but it's nice to hold you
you know what else is nice
somebody kid oh and that lady gentlemen
is to enter the game so that was high
school dreams you guys have no idea how
long I spent playing this game 20-plus
hours it was not fun okay but you guys
wanted him I didn't mean for this to
turn into a series but it bloody well
did oh my god what is what is going on
in the screen right now look at them all
what the bloody shit am i watching look
ass ass is Bob luck in this bloody game
okay
so that was high school dreams I can't
believe you guys made me finish it but
you did yeah anyway thank God it's over
I'm gonna link a video down description
down below if you guys wanted to see the
ending with all the boys sub poor sucker
what all that trouble so I'll just link
his video Robin and me doing it and yeah
anyway when that guy saw us watching
give the video I like because I spent so
long I spent so long congratulations
well don't you have reached a prom and
won that all-important kiss but this is
not the end we play the game and final
six was was good no you know no how do
know how dare you even suggest that shit
bloody nerve of it
you see you in the next episode no no
what am I saying I'll see you in the
next video give it a thumbs up please
10,000 I work so hard trip anyway this
boy know
