Oh everyone how is everyone doing selfie
hello and today lace German we are
playing ok it's a game where you play as
a girl in a bloody school and she's
weird I don't understand but yeah this
games all about senpai you know bloody
senpai the one who never notices you
could use a filthy Pig but yeah I don't
know what to expect but we're gonna play
it ok we are in my bedroom
it looks bloody shit come on I'm a gun I
should be I should be happy I should be
covered in shit what's this senpai
shrine oh this is a toothbrush that I
stole from sand pies home brushing my
teeth with this is a wonderful feeling
this is a bandage that senpai threw away
some of his delicious blood is still on
it
this is an apple that senpai took a bite
out of licking it is so much fun okay
well I'm just freaked out on AB right
now I can change my panties apparently I
could be white red pink blue blue yellow
black a blood damn Peter bear okay well
this isn't a game it's like a demo for a
game so it's not polished at all hi is
the senpai oh shit
oh my
what do you bloody meat sent by why you
big mean what is happening right now
we can weed what the school to get
you're the bloody one I can shred your
pussy
listen what do you mean she's okay why
cuz I'm standing in front of you what
are you like hey cut it out
that's really creepy leave me alone the
man I offended love with no loquats
anything
okay well the first day was bloody shit
I don't know what I'm supposed to be
doing here apparently it's not much to
do you can kill people up apparently how
convenient all these weapons are here to
a wall and not a pair of scissors a
katana okay a box cutter or a
screwdriver what the hell kind of
crazy-ass girl is this okay I can't talk
to her okay can I talk to you super
Sayan Chan oh hey I can compliment or
say goodbye I'll give you a compliment I
was great I don't understand all the
boys look the same all the girls look
the same it's just we all have different
hair I wish mr. go for the boy that has
the same hair what about you you bloody
shit okay the only thing you can do is
compliment them and say goodbye really
Wow oh thank you so much you're so
pissed off you read again I'm still
gonna freaked out about this girl but
what the hell I can take bloody pictures
we go oh yeah oh oh oh yeah oh yes oh
yes what exactly is the point of this oh
did I just go oh
I bloody confused I saw all these
youtubers do all this shit okay I'm just
gonna start pressing random buttons
where I was if I press P our onion Dori
the pirate how is everybody doing a
hurry in a scurvy land of senpai lad
yeah what about all oh my god
oh okay wave I got the bloody toaster in
my mouth okay al
okay this game is the bloody well calm
down okay I press random buttons okay
let's not press elegant let's press okay
I don't know like to trust this one said
I don't I don't get it guys okay well
this is the last bloody time I am
playing a game that I've done no
research on okay don't press L okay
because I'm rich shit happens
what about Jay
look how adorable she is when she
crouches look allows you so cue me don't
mind me I'm just a little even dory I'm
just gonna go panting just go this is
our the cute girls or just go now isn't
that right Billy Mel get away and Dory
Simon loves me don't you Simon Simon
you bloody asshole okay we should
probably play this game properly now
what you do in this game is that if
someone talks to senpai and flirts with
senpai you kill them okay but you're
able to kill them smugly okay so let's
just take this whole let's call her
Goldie Chan okay now say Goldie Chan was
flirting with senpai you take a katana
oh no I can't kill Goldie Chan
well go leech and you lived today let's
say bluey Chan bluey Chan what have you
been doing talking to senpai oh we could
tell - follow me hello uh bluey Chan can
you follow me okay so come on come on go
DJ a plumie Chan come follow me
wait why am i doing the evil laugh oh
nothing bluie chat now what I'm gonna do
is come and take my katana okay okay
I've done it I've murdered someone okay
shut up yonder T so what do you do is
you drag her body
oh my goodness this is this is freaky
and I dumped it in the bloody a furnace
Chan oh my god
hahaha okay so there we go and we
activated but now ladies and gentlemen
we've got to take care of the evidence
no witnesses no witnesses I think that's
it I think that's it no no evidence left
okay now we change clothes okay now we
get rid of this evidence and boom
activate we did it we got away with
murder is this it it's just is it so if
I miss em I'm missing something
oh my god I'm just a bit dizzy oh yeah
oh yeah that's it oh yes you guys okay
anyone want to jump in no okay I don't
know what else can I do
let's go home yay yeah dora-chan stands
the school gate and waits for senpai to
leave school while walking around the
school a teacher discovers a mysterious
bloody weapon the teacher can't decide
what to do about it and does not take
any action
yandere chan leaves school and returns
to her home without incident
yandere chan goes to sleep and has a
nightmare about losing strength while
that's the worst thing that happened
Jesus Christ okay apparently guys you
can kidnap people
I don't know how though I think it's
something to do with this syringe and
this tranquilizer okay I'm gonna have to
lure one of these bitches who also died
now what about you
greenie Chan I mean a kidnap you follow
me follow me to the strange building
follow me follow me to the gymnasium
John yeah look she's sleeping now what
we do guys is we take me to Green each
and take a look regen dumper in this
shit she goes in here now now what I
don't get it
young Tony Chan leave school returns
home and waits until the clock strikes
midnight under the cover of darkness
under each and travels back to school
and sneaks inside the gym and dirty Chan
returns to the instrument case that
carries her unconscious victim she
pushes the case back to her house
pretending to be a young musician
returning home from a show adventure Oh
what the hell have I done oh my goodness
can I talk to what now
bloody bluey Chan what are you gonna do
with you well I gotta go to school
see you later okay school what else can
I do I heard that there's different ways
to get senpai to notice you what if I
hold the weapon I bet he won't like that
he'll be like oh shit what is that
senpai you like my knife oh shit he's
gonna like my knife oh shit
weapon what are you gonna do with that
date the worst time I love love me a
better send by hand you broke my heart
okay how else can I get some pie to
notice me what if I killed some bloody
hole in front of him yeah but he won't
like that okay what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna kill this whole oh shit greenie
greenie chance or me
oh shit blew a chance on me oh shit
ready Manny chance or me greenie chance
or me
Oh bluey Manny chance or me oh shit okay
just kill everyone I just kill everyone
holy shit I just murdered everyone I
could never love me really pretty good
anyway is that it can i anymore where
any other ways okay what if Sam price is
no bloody oh shit these guys to know
like missing all bloody don't mind me
I'm just going to find senpai senpai you
like my bloody outfit it's it's pretty
isn't it uh I think it's a new look for
me you like it why do you have so much
blood on you but why'd you hurt
somebody's name
I shouldn't have let him see me like
that
my bloody not I mean hello bluey Jam can
you follow me for a second hey senpai
I love you so much I would do anything
for you even kill bluey John you killed
them stay back
get away from me venison I could never
love me okay
I'm gonna end the video yeah that was
John Dory simulator
okay that was yandere simulator up yeah
it seems like a really cool game but
it's not finished yet so I'll probably
come back to it in about year or however
long it takes for him to finish it and
yeah
anyway I hope you enjoyed give it a
thumbs up if you do let's try and hit
8,000 and know we can because I know
this is relatable shit right now set
them we all have a senpai that won't
notices this game is such a deep meaning
okay just eight thousand likes or save
them into it anyway guys all thanks so
much for watching and I'll see you in
the next video man see you later
oh you senpai is out there god bless
Japan yeah
