oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
in his mess yourself there now if you
had to guess what is the number one most
requested game that mess yourself gets
comments for okay alright everyone gets
alright everyone gets right now alright
alright it's okay
city ass roblox I get hundreds and
thousands of comments of people telling
me to play this shitty game ok have you
seen roblox by the way alright I'm a 23
year old man alright you want me to make
videos on roblox ok I know there's
plenty of youtubers out there alright
who make roblox videos alright they're
doing it for that job ok they don't
enjoy the game at all alright but I
swear to God I will never ever in my
life play roblox ok unless this video
reaches a hundred thousand likes okay
then then I'll make a roblox video I'm
not gonna do a role look for the other
never doing that shit ok today's video
we are gonna be reacting to some roblox
short films now when I was doing some
research into road blocks okay I found
out that you know the community in
roblox likes to make these very weird
short films now some of the short films
actually pretty well made okay but
because the community who plays roblox
is so young some of them are literally
you know look like they've been made by
like an eight-year-old okay so in
today's video we're gonna be reacting to
some of these videos this video is the
perfect example
it's called roblox movie happy and sad
story oh okay this person gonna adopt
them but I'm your new daddy okay two
seconds in this roblox character got
adopted by a bear
how you looking stupid
okay she was going for a walk with a dad
and then all of a sudden the dad's now
dead and now she's not a dad's funeral
okay all right all right so now you can
see all right great story development
all right only an eight-year-old could
come up with a story this advanced you
know okay so she lost her dad you know
and then a dad's dead
okay that's lit quickly and now she's
sad very sad boys like oh no okay boy a
slayer she's you know needs to be
adopted again you know she's back at the
orphanage you know sad sad things so you
know it's sad okay
when they put a frowny face all right in
the chat that's how you go inside all
right everyone put the frowny face in
the chat right now you're crying because
she needs a family
all right she's sad in the crib still
okay I thought it was four years later
what's she still doing in a crib okay so
she met someone that likes pizza now
she's sleeping family but why is she
saying do you like pizza who is this guy
and why is she now sleeping what's going
on with the story now she's gonna find
parents or something I don't know what's
going on me one daddy here okay she met
Donald Trump with sunglasses as a baby
and I was going on small loan of a
million dollars being adopted and now
she's sleeping again
it was a dream
she's now fleeing and now she's going to
the park and then she's now playing on
the swings and now this is roblox
gameplay guys this is this is the game
they want me to play alright this this
thing when she's just going on a swing
and going on the slide but this is the
game you want me to play alright why
don't women let me play this game you
want me this is video content all right
this this is the game she's playing the
park and now she has another thing pink
okay wait what thirty years later oh god
she's a ho and now she has her own as I
wrote Kim alright so that was a taster
of what the hell roblox was alright what
what people make like to make you know
these short short films alright you know
hopefully the next one will be better
right this next video is called the
saddest roblox story ever
alright so everyone get your tissues out
all right prepare to cry over this video
is ringing hey today shots of what
alright is that bad flu going around
alright have something be bola I've made
a comeback alright who takes annual
shots alright so I'm talking about you
were clearly an 8 year old made this oh
yeah I know short oh shit what about
that you're right didn't miss anything
that grade you know she's 2 plus 2
equals 4 you don't ease
yeah yeah awkward silence question you
have a question sure what is it it's a
baby girl you know I love you more than
anything in this world baby girl
why do you ask baby girl is there
something wrong baby girl I would give
you the world in a heartbeat if I could
I'm smooth that word baby girl is there
something wrong are you sure okay I hope
so you know it is what girls think love
is all right you know to the point where
you know a boy would die for them you
know come on now all right young love I
mean you're so naive you know it's not
real
all right when you grow up that's true
love okay it's a girl I would take a
bullet for you any day honey
now seriously are you sure there's
something wrong
alright alright bye bye baby girl I love
you I love you Tommy kissy kissy bye I
love you ah what a great story okay
alright you know how it's gonna end
alright she's gonna she's gonna die all
right that sounds gonna hang all right
that the next day is such a magical
story alright hey man how's it going
she's my girlfriend today I mean she has
a name but I just call her my girlfriend
oh no I happen oh she wasn't here
yesterday I know man he said she's been
acting all weird on the phone last night
well dude you know how girls are
sometimes yeah that's true but not her
because she's my baby girl hmm I don't
know what else to say man okay okay well
I got to get to English class yeah see
you after school man I love you okay all
right okay she's ringing baby are you
sick oh wait I love you
is this how you want me to react okay
you want me to stop crying over this
over this story okay because is that the
kind of content that you're looking for
when you asked me to play roblox is that
it oh man they broke up Mia doesn't come
to school for three more weeks what
happened
how many haneul shots is she getting hey
dude hey man what's up you know nothing
much you know hey I talked to your
ex-girlfriend lately oh no oh so you
didn't hear I don't know if I should be
the one to tell you man do come on what
the hell man coldest number Oh God okay
all right here answer a piece of note or
I wasn't no say Oh No Oh No okay he's
ringing up again I must have the wrong
number
I'm looking for a friend me Oh gross yes
this is the right number she's one of
our patients here oh why is she building
hey what the hell happened to my
girlfriend please come by so you can see
her oh no she's in hospital okay goodbye
oh no wait wait no oh no what's gonna
happen oh no oh no oh no she's oh my god
sweetie
talk to me
okay well this is this is okay well this
is just okay I I mean I gotta say I
wasn't expecting that but I I do expect
that from an a hero okay because that's
the kind of comedy that they find funny
but yeah that was a very sad that was so
sad guys Alexa played Esposito Jesus
okay please Esposito too loud a Content
shut up okay I'm only gonna watch one
more sad roblox animation type video
type short-film thing okay okay because
you guys get the gist of it alright this
one is called my short roblox story
slash movie okay sounds very sad oh okay
very very sad music hello what's going
on babe I don't have money so I'll go to
the bank I will be back soon wait okay I
love you I love you too baby here coming
up give me a kiss I love you girl five
minutes later oh no what's gonna happen
in five minutes later oh no she's crying
oh no but you will a smiley face
close your eyes
yes oh no oh no what's he doing no no no
please don't do run think it's gonna do
no surety this won't go wrong okay okay
because I don't wanna see you happy
oh no he bloody stopped having so sad
okay I was expecting this alright it was
one second going to the bank
ten minutes nah she has run his stop god
dammit this line in the bank is taking
way too long
outside no no please baby I stabbed that
girl and I didn't really have a reason
to but I stabbed a cookie man 9-1-1 help
help us peace my girlfriend got nice
breasts ha ha ha
my girlfriend got nice in breast okay
well are you will come pick you up
rosewood Bank please hurry okay don't do
anything we're coming okay oh no what
should I say her loss I lost dying words
what is it girl what is it I love you so
much
remember this all time I will always be
in your corner I love you more than
anything in this world why would you say
that
No
no no are you are you not gonna die
you're not
to make my six years of making content
okay oh no and now look the police and
the ambulance have all showed up okay
man so sad I love you baby
whoa she's a bloody ghost no okay
well the end wow wow what a great story
man what what a what a masterpiece of a
video that was okay Wow
excellent okay those German I think I'm
gonna end the video there that was me
watching a roblox sad stories okay the
roblox community is very interesting
okay we have like a I mean I get the
games popular and everything but like I
find the yuichi community really weird
because we've got like like 20 year olds
playing this game alright and I'm sure
that they don't like the game okay come
on now they're just doing it for YouTube
use but I mean like you know we all got
to make a living somehow okay I'm not
gonna make any roblox videos because
honestly I'm 23 I'm too old to be
playing roblox okay I just it's the one
game where I'm like I don't understand
it and and I'm too old it's okay so I
yeah if this video reaches a hundred
thousand likes which is ridiculous by
the way please did not actually hit a
hundred thousand likes I said that so
that I don't have to if this video
reaches a hundred thousand I I will make
a video on roblox okay and I'll make
sure it's one of the best roblox videos
on the whole of YouTube either way those
of you guys so much for watching I found
this really funny okay I would love to
make a part two because this is so dumb
of an idea and I love it it's quite
funny and yeah I'll see you guys in the
next video man later guys
buh-bye
