hey guys it's mesh yourself here and
today you're gonna be watching some
highschool dreams if you guys didn't
know I lost my safe for highschool
dreams and basically for me to complete
the game I would have to play through
the whole thing all over again so this
could be the last episode of highschool
drinks I could complete it though in one
more episode in the next episode but
that would mean I won't have to play for
the whole thing again and the only way
I'm gonna do that go for that hell is if
we can reach 15,000 like I know that's a
lot that is that does it god damn a lot
but I had to pick a big number so I know
that there's enough people that want to
see me finish it and go through all that
trouble so watch the video and if you
enjoy it give it a like and if we can
hit 15,000 I'll complete the game next
episode but anyway enjoy the goddamn
video hello everyone
how is everyone doing it is Michelle
feel famous didn't ya
I'm today Oh ladies gentlemen we are
finally back with high school dreams oh
my goodness I'm back with little sugar
tits so yeah it's been a long time
something I played this game if you guys
having watch before is a game we plays a
teenage girl in a high school and you
got a chase like a bunch of boys like
I've got nothing better to do sure I'll
do it so um the reason why I haven't
made a video on this game for like two
weeks is that I lost my bloody safe okay
now lots more safe and I had to play
through the whole shitting thing all
over again okay sugar tits looks a bit
different okay what does this bitch want
the teacher I require assistance in
finding a classmate who's trying to skip
detention do your own bloody doggy what
you Akio no no tile um no sugar titties
I swear to god you're just wasting time
go what she didn't even give me an
option to do it this bloody hoe okay
guys something happened when I wasn't
recording chuck the school's her dream
about the basketball player look at him
he's so dreamy
I love him he
basically told me that he likes
cheerleaders and he told me I should try
out for the cheerleading squad so I
should talk to these holes in the corner
hey Chilly hey - quick help you why are
you here the mascot tryouts shit up Oh
stupid asshole
they don't press you all I'm here to
fill the open spot on your team yeah you
mean you're here to audition for the
opener pocket no I believe I got it
right the first time
I'm here to fill the spot a little
comment are we yeah we sure are you can
relate to that
can't you what's that supposed to mean
hey I don't say things so you don't
understand them for some reason you're
having a hard time with this sorry the
screws me hey Doc what is wrong with
sugar dude she's got so much sass I
can't believe I'll start my audition now
oh okay
he's cleansed go ahead look at this guy
here I asked miss sassy puns chili dog
Jesus Chris okay mini games I love mini
games okay go Tigers use the arrow keys
to control the game um sure up Wow
congratulations you won the medal and
she gave me $100 for picking her ass
okay Jesus Christ got paid for this shit
okay that wasn't too bad certainly
better than everyone else went right out
thanks very much
so don't get too happy with your butcher
table you Pippi's all right we're back
home
yay what time is it 6:30 that's long
enough let's go to bed oh no I'm so
stupid
oh god damn you all I've lost my diary
personal thoughts are in that thing Oh
No Wow
that is stupid okay sugar deads what is
wrong with children's she's full of sass
Jesus Christ
okay so what's been our final diary yeah
sure find it thank you okay well where
the bloody hazard I don't know we up
shitty Diaries okay guys I have
discovered that there is another boy
called Landon and he is a rich boy
ching-ching Darla Darla you cornered we
got a gold digger his ass uh-huh that
this is the boy that I want the rich car
we gonna take his money okay but the
thing is he will only talk to me if I am
rich too so I'm gonna pretend I'm rich
and buys clothes but let's try and talk
to him hey what's up if you want to talk
to Landon you may want to change how you
dress you bloody pretty picking up
misogynistic Pig I'm gonna crush your
ego you one of America's fashion runway
rejects yeah you did again what do you
get you get you look at my clothes you
gay boy piss off your little game okay
let's go buy some clothes at the mall
okay so that boy will talk to me because
that's how that's how things work oh hey
easy easy over here shoot some hoops
with Izzie wait what we're in the mall
is it got back is he I want to play
people is he okay shoot some hoops hey
they're fine
oh wait what okay good game girl good
game wait can I go in here how can I
help you buy some ice I would like to
buy a gelato please of course
please a juicer your gelato I love
gelato there you go enjoy that great
great voice acting it's me I'm a Mario
I'm a working with a Gillette or you
wanna Delano I will get you the last oh
hey okay so I believe I need to shop at
return if I won't if I wanna boy
how may I assist you today shut up you
gay 400
for a skirt are you shitting on my face
right now you bloody well are okay I'm
gonna buy this top for 400 hopefully
that will be enough to get that boy talk
to me if he wants me to buy a whole
bloody outfit he's got another thing
coming the little pig can i buy this
please that color looks
please tell your friends about us if
they can afford it I didn't see a single
dollar okay I'm probably gonna skip that
she told me that this boy Landon is his
name the rich boy he's got a twin sister
I bet she's ugly but we gotta go talk to
what maybe maybe they'll help hi Madison
yes who's asking it's babies spilled out
I don't have all day that's it you're a
bitch I knew you're a picture of goddamn
fix you should probably run along
I've got shopping to do and they don't
allow pets in their stores so sorry you
bloody bitch I'm gonna go in the
bathroom again so will this ugly boy
talks to me now that I've got a top or
what hey what's up
Landon doesn't talk to new kids let's
come back at another time man it's
really busy right now why are you here
again oh god dammit I spent $400 on a
bloody top and it doesn't even notice it
difficult man typical I hate them all I
hate em all oh my goodness you've got to
be kidding me I have to buy a whole
outfit from that place
okay okay guys I am back and uh you may
have noticed I'm looking a little bit
different
well my camera stopped recording that
was fun I was recording for like half an
hour but it's okay it's okay so anyway
what we missed for half an hour is that
you know that boy Benny you know the one
that told me to get the drugs okay he's
supposed to be meeting him over here
nice outfit by the way hey Benny no
detention today
dan over yet I have a surprise for you
oh it's more drugs nope just some lame
flowers oh of course thought they'd help
me get a date with what he wants to date
me god damn it sugar teas is looking
flashy he wants he wants to pee I won't
daddy let's do this she man oh my
goodness my love heart with Benny is all
the way up Jesus Christ he loves me but
I don't really like him that much I'm
just gonna put him in the friend zone
but Shh he doesn't know that yet women
it's so fun to be a woman friends how
you doing girls I like what you've
attempted to do with your stars you do I
do it's not great oh please don't think
I'm telling you that huh but it's
certainly a step in the right direction
this go thank you
rich hey Madison I put your perfume in
your locker hello there hey have we met
not officially now so much time it's
already Pepe I'm Lana
name meet you are you certain we haven't
met you look curiously familiar no well
nevermind now I've met you I can get to
know you better
Oh walls he wants me he wants me okay
well that was a lot of shit okay he
liked my clothes
is that it what else okay whatever blah
blah blah blah okay let's see where this
guy once I
upset oh I lost my wife's birthday price
oh no here we find it um no because your
shape sorry but I'm in a tight schedule
thanks for nothing you're just like my
wife whoa whoa marriage problems Jesus
Christ I'm glad I didn't help you out
you Pig so guys that's the end of the
video there was so much more that I was
going to include this video but it
wouldn't have made sense if I included
it because the game like crashed and
couldn't stop working it's so annoying
like this this game is pretty cool and I
do want to finish it so like I said at
beginning of the video if we can hit
15,000 likes I'll be surprised if we do
it I'm gonna be totally honest I will
play through the whole thing again and
complete it with different sugar cookies
okay guys uh yeah I'll leave that up to
you and yeah I'll see you in the next
video man thank you so much for watching
good bye
