hahaha hello everyone how is everyone
doing it is mess yourself here hey guys
you miss me
admit it and today I am finally back
Leigh's gentleman wit assumes full yet
again yeah baby
we are back with The Sims 4 get to work
DLC I'm so excited I lose my breath so
much or do my intro anyway I'm doing I
love this DLC so much it's absolutely
amazing but there's like so much stuff
we haven't even done yet that's why I
love it
you know every time I got to record this
game I get so excited because there's so
much stuff new to do I love it so last
episode we followed Brandon to work
being a detective and he arrested his
very first kernel bottom today what we
are gonna do is we are gonna follow a
lot to work being a god damn scientist
but before we go to work last episode I
also showed you what I did with my very
third floor okay I created a nursery
room slash thing a library I love my
library my berries the best and some
other couple of rooms and I also said
that I am working on my basement that's
right soon for now has basements which
allows you to more bloody rooms and guys
I don't think you can handle my basement
okay and now I usually do like a epic
montage where I just go by a whale cry
but I'm not gonna do that this time
instead I'm just gonna just just just
just start build up in music yeah guys
you hear that you hear that yeah and I'm
just gonna let you see my very new
real model money we will kill or swap
- you're good duh
shit okay okay okay I need you guys to
stay calm look even the whole family are
like goddamn it Brandon I didn't know
you were dissing at building stuff this
room I made like another living room
area we've got our very own NEPA notice
many people over here we got an
underground garden have you ever heard
of this no until now and over here I
have goodness secret lair
right I got my very own diamond so
Brandon can lock away anyone he wants he
can be a dirty cop dirty cop we got
another kitchen slash dining area what
Brandon what is this what is this I know
guys I have a fitness area man to do all
sorts of business okay cuz I'm a
businessman Nami yeah yeah I'm
businessman yeah and how can I forget a
wine cellar I have a Underground wife's
a look at nugget he is so happy
watching that big-ass TV and over here I
have another standard bedroom you know
how it is what guys that's not all I'm
allowed another floor and you're
probably asking me Brandon what have you
done with this floor
well I don't know me but you have a
built-in cinema so um yeah
now that I have calmed down that took
the living daylights out of me I would
say that I have finally completed my
house like I don't think a sims is going
to allow you to build any more floors I
decided to upload my house to the
gallery so you guys could play it so if
you guys want to use my house all you
need to do is go to the gallery okay go
in community and search up mess yourself
all one word and it should come up mess
yourself April 2015 and it's by 10s
field ok
that's my origin ID so if you just click
on this one and you can download it now
I haven't actually uploaded my sims to
my house yet I'll do that next episode
so if you want to ever play with my
house now
your godamn can go go what are you still
doing watching go go have fun ok guys
slut starts work in approximately 18
hours slut what are you doing playing in
the goddamn rubbish get out of there
grow up not in the meantime what I've
been dying to do is that I think it's
time that we have a elder in the family
and guess who I think it's going to be
it's going to be baby slut making a cake
for baby slutty we're gonna turn him
into a granddaddy up ladies blames
everyone breaking that Jesus Christ
baking the cake ba ba baby slutty we're
gonna put it in the up haven't I done
this before okay baby
it is now time for baby slut to turn
into a granddaddy
maybe flood oh oh there we go oh oh babe
we slot look at you wait what's he look
even more good-looking as a good duck
grandpa look at him look more
good-looking he's still pretty ugly but
to him
still he actually suits him look at him
ok guys here we go
trusty nope hand in hand it's time for
slutty to go to work in the lab maybe
today is the day for a major
breakthrough
care to join them yes I go damn will you
go damn cheeky bugger
ok here we go daily experimentation
welcome to future sim labs you'll be
quite busy conducting essential
experiments research a new technology
and maybe even interact with alien life
it is your job to leverage potent
scientific equipment for the purposes of
good well we hope holy shit things turn
from zero to 100 real quick so um for
Brandon's career I did a lot of research
to sort of know how it works and stuff
but I'm gonna be honest I did not do
anything for slut all I know is that you
can invent stuff you can like invent
potions and like a parent you can invent
guns and aliens or something to do with
it I don't really know where should we
start
oh okay it says invent the sim ray what
the bloody hell's a sim rate we've gone
you're bloody won't find out ok so if I
click on this monstrosity
it says invent device and then sim ray
wait we need metal and crystal mett
I knew drugs was in this bloody game
okay so first we need metal and I
believe there's some metal over here so
let's just dig this I am a slot down of
digging the hole diggy diggy hole tee
okay I've done it alright we've got rock
okay so now we've got to ask a co-worker
for some crystal meth hey man I know I'm
good for it but imma need some cool
crystal meth it is so right oh she's on
the irony mark crystal meth my sure I
have some extra crystal meth lying
around here here you go once a fire oh
okay it's actually just a crystal not
crystal meth okay we can now invent a
sim ray what does this mean I don't know
I told you we're gonna find out oh shit
here we go aha analyzing the sim ray
this is what it is huh uh-huh yeah look
it's not so hard at work hmm yeah uh I
have no idea what's going on oh my god
we're doing it with this same rate we
could rule the world actually I don't
really know what what what does this
Henry do Oh what is that
we invented the same ray we will name it
the slut why should we freeze this girl
Sally come over here I wanna test out my
new ray gun
oh here we go if you shoot killer yellow
um slut what what have you done okay
let's just go back to work
oh shit there's another guy there
quickly no witnesses steady okay oh shit
man what if I dug myself into okay okay
we're gonna do him we're gonna have to
hide the bodies hide the body slut like
the bunnies oh wait no we can just crack
him open oh okay
oh sure there's another guy quickly okay
no it's fine it's fine
oh my goodness what have I done okay um
well um okay um anyway moving on okay so
now all we're gonna do is we are now
going to invent the momentum conserve
what the hell does that do okay here we
go back to inventing shit this looks a
lot more complicated than the same rate
but I have full faith in slut to do the
goddamn business yeah you're we've done
it we've invented the momentum conserver
okay here is the momentum conserver
let's turn it on
Oh oh it just seems to spin I don't know
what it does but whatever it is
hopefully it will be good for all of
mankind
hopefully
okay here we go baby the end of shift
slowly did a fantastic job today oh
thank you and I've been promoted on the
first day of work
goddammit slut you're so amazing okay
guys is now time for Day two
okay so what we can do now is we can
experiment on this chemistry lab and
apparently you can make potions that
make you do like different things I
don't know let's let's try and create
one oh my goodness liquor slut she could
be the next person for Breaking Bad
Breaking slut Oh
oh my god what was that
okay uh you need to calm down Jesus
Christ okay we now have created a potion
this one is called red hot drink the
serum to make your sim angry what okay
let's drink it oh oh shit
Oh No look at her face she's like I'm so
angry now that serum did that that
potion members so angry oh come on now
we're gonna beat someone up honey I've
got a toss to troll forums and computers
goddamnit slut sluts the person leaving
those mean YouTube comments I knew it I
knew it
okay guys so one of my task today is to
upgrade the SIM ray okay now I don't
know what this would do at the moment
just reasons people so what so what
would it do next turn them on fire I
don't know let's find out okay
let the upgrading commence Oh No
what are we creating I don't know or
whatever it is
slut seems very interested huh huh okay
we are now upgraded awesome ray uh what
what what does it do
up up wait start what are you doing shut
Oh
what I just transformed that chair to a
better chair this is amazing Jesus
Christ this Newsom ray changes stuff to
more expensive stuff so literally this
is like this like a money-making machine
gun apparently one of my tasks is to
take a DNA sample of a sim what does
that bloody mean don't tell me it means
come
I know sir can i fuck up oh okay that
makes more sense okay just let me stick
this thing in your mouth okay guys I've
been playing for like two hours now
there is so much left to look into a
slut scientist career I didn't realize
there's so much to do so next episode I
will continue it and find out what all
this stuff about aliens and stuff like
that it's there is a lot of stuff in
this career I think definitely this is
the most exciting but yeah I'm gonna end
the video there I hope you guys enjoyed
yeah I am I always get excited when I'm
playing this game yeah again so when we
reach 10,000 likes our next episode
straight away I'm so excited come on
guys for my sake
I want this series to continue I'm
having so much fun there but anyway guys
one thing so much watching and yeah I'll
see you in the next video man siletti
gasp love you bah boy
