hey guys to smash yourself here and
today I am making a video I never
thought I would be able to make as of
the 10th of April 2015 our YouTube
channel has over a million subscribers
like what the hell happened that is so
so crazy I literally can't believe it
every single day I wake up and I still
think this is all just a dream like
where did it all come from why do people
even like me I I wish I could express
this better guys but thank you so so so
much thank you for clicking on any or
every single video thank you for
allowing me to have a job that I don't
regret waking up to thank you for making
me love and making me smile by reading
your stupid YouTube comments thank you
for changing my life thank you for
giving me a reason to live I've been on
YouTube for a really long time and I've
seen all of my favorite youtubers hit
this milestone and I looked up to these
people I couldn't even imagine the joy
that was going through their minds when
they hit it but now it's actually
happening to me and I'm forever grateful
for this feeling that I have right now I
uh I can't believe it it's it's it's
crazy 1 million subscribers that was
never even a goal of mine it was a dream
I dreamt this what happened to me I
dreamt that I I would dream that I would
have an audience as great as you guys
and for the first time ever my dreams
have come true and it was answered by
each and every single one of you I'm
gonna let you guys know something a
little bit personal about me which I
don't think I've shared with anyone ever
not even on YouTube or in real life but
when I was a teenager I was depressed I
hated life that there wasn't a single
day where I didn't just question life
every day I would ask myself why am i
living on this earth there were even
points that I was even contemplating
taking my own life because I just saw
there was no point I started this
YouTube channel out as a distraction to
distract me from these thoughts and to
just get away from my life YouTube was
my escape it was the only thing that was
mine it was the only thing that made
sense to me and as my channel grew I
knew I was doing something amazing I was
doing something that made me happy and I
wanted to do it for the rest of my life
by watching my videos guys you may see
it as just an idiot on your screen but
you've saved me I owe you my life
you are my life I can't say anything
more
than just thank you and I do mean it
guys with all my heart thank you
