Oh everyone how is everyone doing it is
yourself it and today ladies gentlemen
I'm popping in for another blog that's
ran so today what I'm going to be doing
is I'm gonna be doing a video Q&A like I
did two weeks ago and that video just
went down so well just like it I think
it's my favorite video I've ever posted
I'm not gonna lie so on yeah without
wasting any of your time let us start
this Q&A what is drum roll your
girlfriend's name oh wait you don't have
a girlfriend
mister self I love your video it just
you're so cute and my question is who is
your favorite singer who is my favorite
singer well it's me of course thank you
Thank You Rosa pleasure
oh thank you
thank you thank you so I'm going to be
singing a classic but mess yourself
today hi my name is Tiffany how do you
make your videos Plus being so cute how
do I make my videos whilst being so cute
well I'm gonna have to let you own a
nice secret gasps okay in order to be as
cute as me you've got to eat things that
are as cute as you
why you like you know like that popular
on YouTube this is high school all over
again
no but seriously guys we are closing in
on a million subscribers I would say
there's a lot of people and obviously
there is youtubers out there who have
more subscribers than me but to be
totally honest guys numbers don't mean
anything to me and they shouldn't mean
anything to anyone like as long as you
guys aren't watching my videos and
enjoying them that is the point of me
making them it doesn't matter at all how
many there are okay but really Amelia's
not enough for you
that's itself are you ever gonna new
series um what series uh watch series
series series series series oh hi mrs.
ed audience Louie
so I my gosh I have a question for you
by the way you're the best youtuber I
know except Matt chia is better I'm just
kidding of course not take that much shy
a little prick do you ever make a vlog
when you go on a cheap well in fact that
is a very good question because I went
out and bought a new camera baby
I bought a pourable one which is not the
one that I'm using right now the one I
use right now is quite big and fat I
couldn't take that round everywhere but
yeah I bought this small little camera -
maybe but maybe film some vlogs when I
go out to trips like mainly events maybe
even leading some of you guys in real
life that would be pretty cool so I was
even thinking I might do a day in the
life of myself where I just basically go
through what I do on a day-to-day but
actually film and document document ate
it so let me
the comments section down below if you
would be interested in seeing us those
up I think they'll be pretty cool to see
what happens behind the scenes but
anyway let me know in the comment
section down below oh my goodness look
at my pretty face hey Brandon this is
for the questions video I was just
wondering do you have a fetish for
Indian accents because you seem to do
them are what obsessed with Indians I
don't understand this but I have brought
a gift jump on Dee oh you wanted your
body your mother your body your body
hey Brandon um this really Q&A and I
just want to ask you do you have a
girlfriend so a lot of you guys have
been asking me this to see my girlfriend
and I don't really want to get my
girlfriend to be involved in my channel
that much but I finally convinced her to
make a little little vlog with me so on
good gum gum gum it away so guys I would
like you to meet my girlfriend Stacy
hello Stacy how you met yourself us my
name is Stacy it's very nice to meet you
and me and myself have been coming out
for a long time now and I think I think
I'm in love with him he has is a
wonderful man oh it's such a lovely boy
I love that boy to bits
he's so lovely okay I gotta go bye but
bye Stacy byes okay guys you man hmm I
have a very sad life some guys that is
the end of the Q&A I hope you enjoyed
this like like I said before this is so
much fun to sort of see the faces see
the people who are watching my videos is
really really really awesome and just
thank you all for participating I know a
lot of you guys didn't make the cut but
I still enjoyed watching the videos cuz
I did watch every single one that you or
something it but um yeah I won't thank
you guys so much for watching it would
be awesome if we could hit eight
and last for this Q&A okay it's a very
special one it's very dear to my heart
and um yeah I will see you guys in the
next video thank you guys so much for
watching and good bye
