oh no everyone how is everyone doing it
is Michelle bad and today we are doing
our Q you got the questions I got the
answers I am basically God so two weeks
ago I asked you guys to film a blog
asking me a question I think we got like
a hundred it's absolutely crazy I had so
much fun watching them all and yes I did
watch them all but unfortunately I could
only pick a few for this Q&A I could do
a second video with the amount of
questions that I've got so if you guys
liked the video give it a thumbs up I
might do it again but without wasting
any of your God a dime let's dock this
 baby what's the scariest moment
you've ever experienced to be honest
what is up mr. self get this guy's
hilarious
my name is David okay I was gonna ask
you if one day you play with me okay
that's a good question so yeah love you
guys if akkad can me brother I wanna
play video games with ya and I've been
wanting to play video games with you
guys for a long time so if you guys
follow me on twitch TV forward slash
mess yourself I tested out live
streaming on Friday and I basically said
that that I want to start streaming once
a week every Sunday and I wanna play
with you guys so next Sunday I'm
probably gonna be live-streaming a GTA 5
online on the PlayStation 4 so if you
guys are interested in that then follow
me on Twitch and be there on Sunday okay
mess yourself I would like to know what
do you do when you're not making videos
hmm what do I do when I'm not
my question to you is did you measure
yourself do don't walk hi Brandon I
can't mess yourself my question is why
did you call yourself mess yourself and
is there any weird funny reason behind
it and that's my question
that girl was cool so this is probably
that the most common question I get what
why are you calling mess yourself do you
do to rise that stands for
yourself so I call myself mess yourself
because I tried to think of a name I was
brainstorming names and I tried to think
of a name I thought to myself I want to
make people laugh you know cuz I think
that's what I'm doing right now so I
thought to myself I wouldn't make people
laugh so much that day smirk yourself so
I was like okay it's probably taken set
shut up it wasn't taken okay I take that
 okay
and yeah I that was before I had any
idea I was gonna make videos and yeah I
sort of went along with it and like some
I kind of like my name now but I do get
I do get made fun of I don't think you
know what to say why would you start
filming a video and don't even have a
question prepared
Oh have you ever beaten a game in one
sitting like a legit game in one sitting
I did
it's Pokemon okay I don't know what's
classed as a legit game but yeah I have
no life so I complete me pretty much all
the games that I and I get in one
sitting so yeah thanks for wasting
everyone time for that big question
it was mate come on now my name is
Maxine and my question for you is if you
could breed two animals together to defy
the law of nature
what new animal would you create if I
could breed two animals to define
chicken
I'm so funny hi Brandon
hey why are you bloody laughing so we
are actually very curious how tall are
you how tall am i well in my videos it
may seem that I am short but actually
believe it or not I have seven foot tall
okay some people call me Godzilla
now just kidding I'm like five foot ten
okay I'm sorry but you know they say
about people hiding correlation of their
ding-dong
I've got a small Willie know she could
ask how do you do that laughs how do I
do that long it's not easy okay and I'm
gonna share the secret cause I know you
can't tell anyone okay you need to
promise me never mind that okay just
before you know you go oh oh okay yeah
that's it that's a side effect but but
don't worry guys you'll get the lot
right bang on what am I doing with my
lab one question
the one question may be to one question
I have for you is like a marry me
Brandon yea or nay yourself
okay you sassy this place
look at this place hello Brandon my name
is Harry this is Freddy what inspired
you to do YouTube what inspired me to do
YouTube jeepers I don't really know I
just thought it would be a lot of fun
when I started and I sort of started
just thinking it was just fun you know
but I gotta tell you guys right now at
the moment it's you guys that inspired
me you know like I would not be making
videos if it wasn't for you guys
commenting you know even interacting
with me in this video you know you guys
inspired me at the moment so thank you
okay
what will you do if you reach 1 million
subscribers so what would I do if I
reach him in Scribus he was very he was
very consistent on the end okay
I might not ever hit it well it's true I
might not ever hit it but I actually
know a lot of a lot of youtubers do this
special thing when they reach a million
subscribers I literally have no idea so
what I want you guys to do I want you to
comment down below what would you like
to see for me to do for amazing
subscribers I was thinking I might do a
draw my life but that was I was thinking
I could do multiple things let me know
in the comment section down below
why are you always you know crazy for
example it sounds like you have ADHD
which you probably do have if you do
sorry
or Jesus what are your site who think
I'm crazy
your think I'm crazy tiny doesn't they
go crazy - oh my goodness what am i what
am i doing on my life so anyway guys
that is the end of the Q&A I just want
to say thank you guys so much for all of
the questions you sent me like I said we
got like a hundred and it just brought
like a huge smile on my face just
watching all these videos like you're
all so cool like all of you are just
like really really cool people and I'm
really fortunate that you guys are
watching my videos you are all awesome
but anyway yeah I might go part two with
this so let's say if we reach 10,000
likes I know you guys can do it I will
do this again next week with some more
questions but anyway guys oh and thank
you so much for watching I love you with
all my heart and I will see you wooden
eggs with your mother see you later guys
look at that baby
goodbye what you lookin at people
