hahahaha hello everyone how is everyone
doing it is mush so and today ladies and
gentlemen we are playing five nights at
Freddy's 3 okay now I think I'm like the
only person on YouTube who is actually
really scared and hates the goddamn
series now there are now me being smart
me being the brave man I am thought I
can't just play this game normally I
have to be I have to be the king so we
are playing this with the oculus rift
okay I tried this with five nights at
Freddy's 2 shat myself literally mess
myself and now we're doing it with this
game I'm gonna die if you guys don't see
this video I'm probably dead holy shit
dumb I did let us go and play this shit
oh shit shit okay here we go okay a
fighters fry spies fright the horror
attraction okay local amusement park
okay scare your socks off okay um okay
12 a.m. first night here we go baby
alright bring all night one okay when I
was in the night one okay so I don't
think anything happens in that one come
on now
this is Asia pleaser come on now give me
a challenge all right bring on and that
tube a bit now I imagine that nap too is
gonna be just as easy as that one come
on now do you not know who I am
come on now you're not know who I am
okay do you now listen I don't give a
shit about your phone call shut up I
don't care
okay okay okay calm down okay there's a
mannequin over there we need to give him
a name Billy Bob Billy Bob you're gonna
be my eyes don't work run I will make
sure that guy - no comment oh thank you
Frankie Billy Bob okay everything's
gonna be okay Billy Bob is gonna protect
my ass okay I don't I can't find this I
can't see him just yet um do I play okay
I'm gonna play audio over here
hahahahaha okay well hide something the
bench
I heard the vote Oh see let's seal it
seal it seal it okay done okay
uh Billy Bob everything okay yeah don't
worry Brian
you got this whole me okay oh shit I
should've done that uh he's doing the
vents listen man I closed the vents a
cat come in here in a mole or shit I'm
bloody scared I am bloody scared okay
okay oh shit he's gone he's gone
chitty-chitty chitty-chitty
chitty-chitty daddy Billy Bob everything
okay I told you Brian everything is okay
don't have to keep checking up on me
I've read pillar pop I'm just worried
okay well don't be worried about it I
got this
what part of ugh I just don't you
understand hi hi okay I hear a ringing
noise I hear a bloody ringing noise what
does this mean I don't know I don't know
what is this thing
okay I'm alive I am my life
mum a mum shit okay what was that um the
ventilation the ventilation the
ventilation I can't breathe my mother
that's the vents defense defense defense
defense
there is
close it close it close it shit open
have to do it again oh my oh your bloody
shit
this game's shit shut off five nights at
Freddy's okay let's give this shit again
let's do this shit again bloody ell
bloody hell Billy Bob you're okay now
can I'm gonna call neuticle okay I don't
I don't give a shit eat it anymore this
is so weird
okay I can use my head if I want to I
don't trust myself to use my head okay
my reactions ain't fast enough Billy Bob
everything okay
I told your friend okay Billy Bob
Jesus so how I like to get through this
I like to sing a song okay okay you guys
name me a song and I'll sing it Oh baby
I love away every day hey shit be on my
dippy she did it did dat I like to party
ciabatta got er diali yes must hahaha
okay I'm happy again everything's fine
Oh baby I love your way every day I put
your Booga Booga Booga Booga Booga oh
okay go away now Billy Bob he's right
there a brother I hate to alarm you but
he is right over there I know brother
Bob shit okay how do I get in - ah okay
bring the ball busy there no I think
it's good Brad okay Oh trust your
billable right now but um I swear to God
if you're lying to me I'm gonna be very
mad I'm going to be very mad
everything's all fine and dandy you're
sorry
everything's all fun in a mess yourself
household shit
Oh
Oh okay then why does everything happen
to me baby load come on now rich boom
stars babe alone all the things happened
all of the things bloody shitty daddy
did you guys see that right now they're
having a laugh this games a joke
oh Jesus oh I don't want to continue I
know I really feel like we can get
through it but the oculus it makes it
harder okay
and more scarier I'm not a pussy it's
scary this time I promise I don't know
why the door shit
oh okay okay I'm gonna give it one more
go okay and we need to make a fool not
to come on now come on now we couldn't
do this as a team
you okay I'm telling you guys this is
the last time I'm doing this shit okay
we are going to make it past night to
Billy Bob it's on my side that's right
Brad we're gonna do this together yes
well okay yes we got that are okay shut
up shut up I don't give a shit about
your goddamn call okay I have a happy
bar here whenever I feel sad Billy Bob
I'm gonna press the spot okay I'm happy
now with ventilation error ventilation
error ventilation Oh
oh I'm good I'm gonna do this I am going
to complete this game and everyone who
doubted me will uh rot in hell he's my
right Billy Bob
that's right Brenda gonna rot in hell
say how it is mm-hmm say it how it is
I say how it is mm-hmm baby girl mmm
it's that it's 1:00 a.m. okay one a a
I'm baby it's not even late at all okay
1:00 a.m. is the time where I used to go
to the club I've said this before in my
mi mi mi five minutes of phrase to video
but it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't
change the fact that this is a time when
I go to the club all right 2:00 a.m. now
this is usually the time where I've got
some bitches on my arms okay giving me
the lovin good job stay calm stay calm
okay it's just a jump-scare it's just a
jump-scare it's just a jump-scare
okay so as it's now it's now 3:00 a.m.
what am i doing right now right now I
have spent so much money because you
know I'm balling okay there's so many
pictures on my arms okay
it's a shame only got to because I can
have more if I wanted to okay I got a
bill I got an uncle that I can't lie to
you guys I thought I can't get bitches
okay I don't go to the club this is my
club this is what I do with my life okay
okay it's now 4 a.m. it's now 4 a.m.
paper ok shall we - it's how we do it
this is how we do there is there is
there is there is okay play it on over
there go over there you little piece of
shit shit shit okay okay okay okay okay
okay okay okay stay calm stay calm stay
calm stay calm he's gone from there okay
um he's gone from there audio device
error audio device error shit okay
restart that shit reboot that shit come
on now windows 98 come on come on come
on 5:00 a.m. 5:00 a.m. 5:00 a.m. I got a
video error video error video error
come on oculus rift oh come on it's 5:00
a.m. we could do this we could do this
yes that's how we do it
that's how we do it this is fancy bred
and coming in with not to complete yeah
yeah this is how we do it baby come on
now easy peasy lemon - squeezing that
has been five nights at Freddy's 3 with
the oculus rift it makes it more scarier
okay it makes it much more scarier okay
now I'm not going to do this again
unless we get crazy support on this
video okay it would the oculus rift it
is it's something unique
okay so if we can hit 10,000 likes I'll
upload it straight away okay I don't
wanna okay I'm happy with that - okay
now - I know blood yeah I'm doing this
again I'll give a shit about your theme
park shit okay Jen okay I'm going to
take a shower cause I smell like a shit
and I will see you in the next video man
say later guys I love you Bob
