hahahaha oh everyone how is everyone
doing it is Michelle here back again
prelude shoes - yeah now this is gonna
be the lost episode lucious I'm going to
complete lucious today now I'm going to
show a little bit the story I don't know
what's going on all I know is that there
is another devil son okay I am NOT the
only devil son okay so I'm probably
guessing we're going to kill that guy
cuz he does not he does not have shake
on me
and also the apocalypse is coming - woo
but yeah let's continue with the story
I'm gonna show this cutscene I think
lucious had poisoned the water supply
horn started the sound is the mark of
the beast and his cleansing had begun
the boy was still gaining more powers
and that confirmed the path he had taken
towards evil he was sure he was going to
be Isaac feel more soon enough either
gilma that the other dad with Isaac was
able to bring forth the meteor that
plunged into the sea and Lucius was able
to poison the water supply together
their happy was devastating the earth by
shutting down the town's power plant
Lucius would bring complete darkness to
Ludlow and gain more momentum yeah okay
so that's what we're going to do now
we're going to destroy the power plant
so they've got no fishies from the water
they've got no water from the poison
they've got no power from the
electricity so let's go and kill some
random people yeah
hello Dylan how you doing Dylan go
bother someone else will you how bloody
dare you you will die like the rest of
them smoking that cigarette I'm pretty
sure I'm pretty sure smoking doesn't go
in your eyeball sir
so do you not know how to smoke a
cigarette do you want losers to teach
you some more now listen you go you go
check on your face you shake okay
there's a pipe valve over here I'm
guessing we have to break that shit okay
break this
oh my God look the house on fire
what who keeps firing a body don't ask
any questions come on now
you think this game's gonna start making
sense now you got to be having a jog
lift the control huh oh she think that's
how we're gonna kill them oh my god this
is gonna be hilarious okay here we go
here we go guys again now oh my god oh
my oh my god oh she is cloudy Christ his
head is now stuck on this thing
Lucius sorry Brandon I do not know the
consequences of that happening
it's alright Lucius I understand Adam
seems to enjoy the music from the radio
can I sabotage the radio away can I
destroy these planks oh ok so I take my
dildo okay and I destroy the the radio
with the dildo okay and now I pick up
the dildo and now that guy's gonna come
over we destroy the plank
okay now yes yes blow the hazard on him
oh my god okay
well the game just lagged out but I got
the kill nevertheless hello Levi I see
there is high voltage in it wouldn't you
shame if someone put water all over the
floor someone might get electrocuted oh
no my meat and you don't see that Levi
yeah
okay thank you for wait you didn't have
anything oh I didn't even need to care
okay here we go guys here is the
electricity transformer and we're going
to break it now are we okay break it and
break it ha ha ha no electricity for the
town's like knowledge okay this guy's
gonna leave you allowed to be here by
yourself kid
are you allowed to die close the door
okay kay-kay
we did sabotage this place alright um
what's this room oh my god
this room is electrifying wait do you
think I can put him in there okay we're
gonna mind control this guy and he's
gonna go in the electricity room okay
now we got to be quick about this match
because we gotta lock the door in it
okay rod rod rod rod rod rod rod rod
lock the door oh there we go
ah okay
we have done the next level okay I think
there's two more levels let's do let's
let's carry on
the fourth horn echoed from the
mountains as the animals all hailed the
coming of the new age one-third of the
light shining from the Sun the moon and
the stars became dark
oh the apocalypse graced the sky
fittingly as the Lord was returning to
walk the earth whoa a nearby research
facility have the locust farm fitting
our plans from before we got up we're
releasing in fact the book room you like
the apocalypse or the Sun in the air
would turn black all swarm of locusts
would emerge from the smoke oh all this
would burn and the insects would roam
the field we're gonna release insects
onto the fields this is literally like
the apocalypse oh my goodness okay so we
need to go free the locusts as it is
hello guys Jesus Christ the whole place
is on fire
what the hell are we gonna do I think
it's now critical is that the YouTuber
critter is something not right there it
is not sure what I saw but something
wasn't right
critical what are you doing in the video
game okay there's an air duct over here
what will that do okay throw this in
here okay what does that do Oh hahahaha
oh my god
okay then well I was not expecting that
electric transformer breakable can I
break uh oh okay um there we go
stupid girl oh my God look how many
people are in here shit now what do I do
shit what do I do ha ha Morano card guys
please Oh guys please I don't want in
trouble up going to kill okay guys
please stop following me guys guys
please it wasn't me okay I don't know
what you heard but it wasn't Lucius okay
shit they've got me trapped shit okay
come on Paco Paco you're a baby I want
to be stupid enough to
to the fire yep I guess it what the
bloody hell is this okay guys I unlocked
a skill where you can attack people when
you mind control them okay so now you
see this axe over here I think I
couldn't mind-control someone to equip
it and then kill someone I think okay
I'm gonna try it out on you I pick up
the axe okay I've got the axe kill him
what what was that okay you're just
gonna go burn in hell there we go what
was that okay he's a goddamn donut
there we go give me the keys stupid oh
shit what was that holy crap
not today bitch I think I broke this guy
it says that he's alive but he's just
sitting on the floor what that I think I
brought I've forgot even more broke this
game what if I throw acid on him um it
does nothing but he's alive and I'm
pretty sure I need that key donut okay
well I gotta restart the game because
that guy bugs out fun I love it when
games have bugs I absolutely love it
when it has bugs okay so apparently in
here there's a diseased container okay
um if I throw this on someone will they
die I don't know oh I can disease this
container for mr. Williams who's mr.
Williams
that's mr. Williams okay which means we
need us oh-whee to kill this guy okay so
I heard you'd like acid on your face
ah this Gabe is okay oh wait those areas
he's taking the bait scream what is this
what am i playing right now this game
has gotten worse and worse and worse
okay so what we're doing now is we're
going over to the locust forms which are
bloody insects and releasing them okay
if I press this button it should release
the insects here we go yes we are
helping the apocalypse is that really
the texture they animation they used for
locust ease what what am I looking at
right now oh my god what's this oh my
god Oh what there is goodness what is
there Troy please come on it's like an
effect ironies in my video perfect
soldier this that's so cheesy oh my
goodness oh my god there's a chainsaw
here guys what if we mind-control
someone to pick up the chainsaw hello
matter she's just walking on by not
knowing what you do hello sir your will
Oh chop you it up
smarten out oh my god here's the other
devil son Isaac Gilmore
your evil brother from another mother
okay uh do I throw the salt on him I
think that's what I have to do I took
take this witch
did I can sign it apparently if you
throw salt on the on the devil Sun it
will kill them
so are you going to be all right up
there you seem to be in a lot of trouble
I'm pretty much done here so I can leave
you're gonna be all right I'm sure you
will be okay by now okay and that's the
end of that level we killed the art evil
devil brother and yeah I don't know
what's gonna be next but this game is
terrible that's good let's finish it
though I think this is the net I think
this is the last level it was done the
competition is over
yeah let's just return to the main road
of Ludlow he was able to see what havoc
he created Oh shake town the National
Guard had arrived and roadblocks were
put in place as a security measure it
was told martial law oh we waited for
the sixth and seventh trumpets to call
out the death of four angels marked the
return of the last angel and he would
give the scroll to the one first
accepted it this would be marked with a
flank
okay the buses that were evacuating
to get out as well
okay so there's some bit bit illogical
shit right now so there's four angels
and we need to I guess kill them and I
think that's it um oh shit look we are
now
shit this doesn't look half bad it runs
terribly but look it doesn't look bad
okay so we are back in the town guys
shit
okay who are these two people can I just
can I just squeeze on bar well I guess I
gotten there's this sight on the floor
what the hell
as the grim reaper been here or
something okay so if I might control up
I can pick up the side the Vic okay so
pick up the side there we go and there's
our four angels there's the four angels
okay okay come on come on little closer
no no no no no no no get up
god dammit I ran out of steam pick up
the sight cancer shit wait no do not
throw it don't throw it shit quick quick
quick
attack it God take it yes why does
Lucian I did all the killing I can do
the killing Cammisa come in come in
oh stop spazzing out sir no don't start
stop shit
what is this okay if I throw this orange
yes got you you stupid shit you have no
idea how hard that was okay so there's a
defibrillator here so if I put water on
it okay someone's going to get let you
killed it okay sir
don't mind if I might control you just
die please I just really want to get
through this there we go Oh die you
piece of shit
finally okay one more angel one more guy
okay I have a bomb where is this lost
shitty
now yes I did Uncle Tom did it okay
progress now what what do I do
what what now okay the sacred scroll
what does that mean
oh my God he's alive
plot twist ending oh my god what is he
doing oh shit
I see where the game is Bunty wet Jesus
Christ oh shit oh shit
that animation though okay so we got to
kill him
oh crap to me to kill this guy shit
these shooting fireballs shit how do I
kill him okay I found a shotgun oh shit
son
could you please but I'm trying to kill
you here okay so I've got a shotgun
alright and here is some ammo okay so do
we shoot it alright quit okay get the
get the salt shells with the shotgun
alright and we got should shoot him bag
it worked okay okay okay okay okay again
alright quickly reload reload reload
reload reload quick quick quick quick
quick quick weak weak weak weak weak
alright alright come on calm we're doing
this we're doing this we're doing this
epic boss battle not really but they
done least they tried die you piece of
shit oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my
god on the last die I'm about to die
shit shit shit pick up the guys pick up
the guns
okay mobile would you in game over no no
you you should go chat all right one
more bullet should do it die Jesus shit
no he's not dead no no no no no no no no
no no no no no no no no die now don't
fail this guy's get away okay okay okay
did I do it I killed him again Jesus
Christ now what do I do
oh my god such prodigious results I am
thoroughly impressed with you okay
thanks dad thanks dad
alright so that's my dad hello dad ah
dad where have you been all my life
okay so he gave me a sacred scroll so
now I've got to go onto a bus and escape
the town um so the trouble okay and
that's the edge the final trolls that
level but I don't understand what's what
happens now the rest of mankind who were
not killed by these plagues still did
not repent the work of their hands they
did not stop worshipping their puny God
okay the boys sneaked into a bus that
was evacuating the town none of the
passengers suspected anything while
sitting on the back seat he looked down
at the scroll he held in his hand it was
sealed with seven seals these seals were
not to be opened by hand but by actions
that would lead to them melting away he
had put him through many tests but now I
was sure Lucius was worthy of his
kindness
I would continue to guide him throughout
the journey but let him take his own
wicked steps that was to look after him
when he didn't suspect it and that would
be there when he most needed it the
privacy was not yet over but just begun
next he would have to open the seven
seals is is that is that the ending is
that the ending a cliffhanger oh there's
my songs and I will have many more but
this one is special this one continues
to surprise me with his crafty ways of
delivering my wrath yes is creative he's
definitely without comparison and he
will be more than ready to take us
towards rapture okay it will be a
thousand years of darkness as I take my
place with the mortals they will learn
to take judgment seriously and Lucius
will be there with me eyes on the dark
prince
the little Antichrist okay
is that it I'm okay lucious what are you
doing
okay this is my sitting out sitting down
animation okay this is the end really
the you're not even going to roll
credits have lucious walk away from
explosions at now epic music just just a
logo on the bus that says this is the
end with people
level design environment art these are
the game developers I see artists in
game design programming yeah yeah well
done and the programming sir programming
game designer music listen listen door
can I can I kill these can I kill her
can I kill the game developers yo should
not make video games okay guys this has
been lucious - okay I'm gonna write
about the game but if you guys don't
want to hear that I would just want to
say thank you all for watching the
series the reason why the series has
been fun for me it's because it support
on it has been amazing so thank you guys
so much for support and yeah this series
would have been this amazing without you
okay so you can go now if you're going
to hear me run but this game is probably
the worst game I've ever played in my
entire world okay there was so many bugs
and glitches and it didn't make any
sense what the hell was this ending this
had so much potential and you just
ruined it it got a bit better in the
middle but then it just flopped this
game is god-awful oh I missed the game
designer die do God okay this game is it
this game could have been so much better
it literally it's like it was made by a
bunch of student
making their first game it really was
god-awful and I think the developers if
you are watching this video I think you
need to realize we didn't like Lucius 1
because it was a good game we liked
Lucius 1 because it was a game where you
play it as a little boy where you got to
kill people that idea as a game was
amazing and that's why we loved it and
that's why I liked Lucius 2 but this
game had so much potential and you just
butchered it you didn't do anything
right in this game it was fun I get the
idea that you were trying to let us in a
sandbox environment where you could
pretty much figure out ways to kill
people but nothing was polished nothing
was polished when you got a kill in
Lucius 1
it showed a cutscene and you felt
amazing when you got that kill you felt
like you deserve that kill you felt like
an evil little boy but in this game you
get so you kill so many people's so many
people in so many stupid ways and
repetitive ways where it sort of takes
the fun out of killing people you know I
act at some point at some points I just
ended up getting pills and combining
them with like donuts or sandwiches to
get the final kill which is not fun you
know I won there was some creative ways
to kill people but at the end of the day
not nothing was polished and the things
that you set up to get kills on like
half of them didn't even work and it was
just terrible this game was terrible
guys I'm sorry but it really was I had
fun playing with it I had fun making
youtube videos but if I wasn't making
YouTube videos in this I would be
absolutely angry this has been the worst
game that I've played in a very long
time and I'm sorry to say that but it
made for a good YouTube video anyway
guys I'm gonna end the video here sorry
if I was proper serious then but I was
really looking forward this game
no lie they disappointed me but I still
had fun going through it with you guys
anyway I'm an idiot
thank God such one chick and I will see
you in a next video bye see you later
guys I love you smile
