oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
it is mess yourself
hey I'm popping in for another vlog you
thought I'd die didn't you well I did
for a bit but I'm not gonna go into that
just yet so yeah I'm popping in for
another vlog I missed it it's weekly by
didn't vlog last week I'm sorry about
that name gentlemen so what we're gonna
do in today's video is we're gonna do
something that I don't think any
youtuber has ever done before I am gonna
be reacting to your videos what this
does this bloody mean I don't understand
oh my head hurts
so one day I assert that mess yourself
into YouTube and I tried to find videos
that weren't mine and I found like a
bunch of fan video so I thought today I
will watch them and react to them and I
think this is going to be so awesome
because I get to sort of see the sort of
people who watch my videos like I'm
really excited to watch these videos
okay let's start with the first one so
this video is called PewDiePie versus
bad yourself this is not gonna end well
okay good and yeah today I came with my
friend what's up Oh bye that's over here
what's up I want to be talking about who
is the best youtuber who is the best
with your feet the procedures actually
immerse yourself you got a second who is
Right who is master Sal who thinks that
who doesn't know who this has a bird but
is I don't know anyone who doesn't know
wow
he's called mess you're so yeah and I
think Pete hi
of course he bloody dancing I know it
was no good but I think that's pretty
cool that he thinks that I am the best
youtuber in his books something I do
want to point out guys is that YouTube
is not a competition okay you can watch
as many youtubers as you want okay if
you have a favorite that's cool but you
can watch all of them okay Brendan I
I just want to say thanks a lot for
making all of those videos out there
really really really made a good job Oh
a lot Brandon keep up the good give up
the good and and joyfully work and it's
a lot Brandon mess yourself I hope you
guys keep up I mean you yeah just means
if you have what how many friends how
mean in my seven facts video I did say
that I didn't have any in real life
friends but do have friends but they all
just do YouTube you know I do have some
friends guys but that's adorable that
guy was just so adorable these videos is
so awesome
I love them I can't wait to watch the
rest of them Mitch yeah he's delicious
yeah Misha's it's the best he's funny
yeah yeah he knows the deal guys
malicious yeah yeah yes mr. Joe your
turn let us what oh my gosh I this is so
cute I love this so much again I'm gonna
tell you something
British Brandon / mess yourself is the
freaking best person in the whole Oh the
best youtuber he's the funniest pretty
person you need watching subscribing you
need to like him give him like 1000
likes and subscribers yeah that's how
you doing it do right now do it oh
because if you don't do it I'll come
into your bedroom rip off your boss
fingers and do it for you
British Brandon is the most perfect most
coolest person oh he's really funny he's
awesome and I'm very surprised to just
mess it up right straw and I said that
oh my god this are this is so this is so
awesome you guys didn't have to make
these videos oh my god
I'm blushing so much right now oh my god
I guess what less yourself I hate you oh
and yes I totally hate you oh and here's
a message on the paper that shows I hate
you
Jake I don't know if you can read that
but says Jake Oh guys this kidding haha
really like what you're doing with the
videos thank you and by the way keep up
the good work I will subscribe to you
you know sometime later well hang on a
second you're not subscribed to me how
dare you hose it why they're so hard to
subscribe to someone you just kick a bun
and guys this is Harper 360 and okay
mess yourself is the man you should
listen him yeah you shouldn't there's
got no to do this guy knows the deal
that goes awesome I like that guy shout
out to Harper 360 okay we got one more
now okay today this is a kind of blog I
just want to say thank you to meso
selfies on home made me happy for times
when I've been sadly Oh anyway I just
want to say frankly tongue sees the best
youtuber ever oh oh what how dare you
I am the best um Kitty okay well that's
all the videos I found that were good oh
my god guys these videos are absolutely
amazing it's so awesome to see that
people that actually watch my videos
like this is the reason why I do YouTube
is to sort of entertain people and it
so awesome just the nice words that
you're all saying is just it really is
amazing like it makes me know that I'm
doing something right by making videos
you know like this is awesome thank you
guys so much something I do want to
point out is that a lot of people in
these videos are really young you know
and I'm that's not a surprise to me some
people might be like ha ha all the
people that watch my show videos are
like eight years old long but you know
what I think that's awesome that my
audience is so young I love kids and not
in that way I love kids Oh kiddies no
but seriously like kids are actually
awesome and I prefer that kids are
watching my videos rather than adults
because I don't seem to sort of critique
me a lot more whereas kids they're all
about just having fun and that's sort of
me you know I just have fun with what I
do I love what I do and that's kids for
you like I think that's awesome that my
audience is so young so it's not insult
that these people are so young that are
watching my videos I think it's
absolutely awesome so anyway guys I'm
not going to end the video just yet
this video has spawned a new idea for a
video I want to do a video Q&A I want
you guys to film a video and put it up
on YouTube and then I will make a video
answering these questions you've got to
ask me a question in this video so what
I want you to do is I'm going to upload
a video to YouTube and then I want you
to either comment below saying I've got
the video on my channel check it out and
measure yourself or send it to me
through Twitter or post it on my
Facebook page okay if you're a youtuber
then you can upload it and unlisted so
people won't be able to see it unless
they have the link and how you get that
link to me you can then send it to me on
my Facebook page or on my Twitter
but I think that would be a great idea
because I get to see even more of the
people that get to watch my videos I
think that video is amazing so if you
guys want to be on my channel in a video
just upload a video asking me a question
I think it's an amazing idea so anyway
guys I'm going to end the video here
thank you all so much for watching and
I'll see you in the next video man see
you later guys I love you with all my
heart
good bye whoa
