hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is mesh yourself and that's right you
clicked on the video we are back with
the sims phone I haven't made a video of
this for a couple of months because I
took a bit of a break from it because as
you may have know I've got a little bit
bored of a mess but I am back and I am
I'm pretty excited to play this I think
I'm gonna bring this series back you
know once a week like the usual thing so
we are back with my penis-shaped house
the beautiful house
you thought it was a joke by having a
penis shaped house but look how lovely I
have made it throughout this series okay
now the it's the fits this is the first
time you've been watching my sims series
it's okay I'm gonna give you a little
introduce you a little bit to everyone
this is Brandon definitely the most
good-looking sim not only in this family
but definitely in the whole entire Sims
community okay now don't ask me who I
modeled him after okay but whoever is he
must have been a handsome mouth
vaudeville isn't it oh oh oh oh oh now
Brandon is married just lucky Mick
slutty nurse slutty is paying Tetris on
the computer oh oh yeah oh oh oh you're
gonna mess up blood good job Oh game
over you stroke back patch okay and then
we have this monstrous Aki baby slug who
is not a baby anymore he's a fat old man
look at this buddy a wonder who who
happen if I stick my finger my bum I'm
now introducing my loving daughter donut
nugget
look it's crying over the door house cry
over broken doors
you pussy man this is my other kid
called nugget I don't trust him slap
don't hug him I don't trust him
now nugget has only been in this in this
series for about two episodes and I
don't trust it look at that face okay
he's up to something I don't know what
yet okay but he's definitely don't sigh
you little piece of shit you're
definitely up to something oh look at
this dude blocked in
yeah it is such a lovely sight to see
when their relationship is still going
strong
Oh slut its ganking it out yeah flush
what to go you own the dam up brightens
up the dancefloor
okay now slashes Jam about herself doing
the hand motions why do they keep doing
that is this dancing if I did it in the
dance club no woman will ever talk to me
but then again I don't talk to me anyway
okay first things first I'm the realest
but secondly now seriously we need to
change everyone out of the outfits okay
they're still in the Christmas outfit I
don't know Christmas was a long time ago
okay I think I've spent a lot of time
changing these guys outfits I changed
them like five times already so we're
gonna quickly jump cut where I've
changed everyone's outfit by um okay we
are back here is the new nugget mixed
slutty look at him I put him in a suit
he is smooth my G yeah yeah yeah yeah
smooth Maji uh yeah yeah yeah look at
this small machine look at him with his
goddamn glasses he thinks he's a goddamn
fly the chain it kind of looks a bit
like me is me with my hair he's copying
my head wants to be like his papa you
will never be me you little shit okay
are you ready to see the new brand
new energy now why does Brandon look
like he's about to drop the hottest
mixtape in 2015
damn ha ha but look everyone I made it
mister what who last gangster yes you
thought knock it was smooth Majeed look
at this : Popo okay
now introducing the new slutty slide she
is now / top her slutty way she's no
longer a slut lazy gentleman she is now
a mother a mother of three or two
children I don't know but she
nevertheless she is a mother okay
and she's gotta stop acting like a
mother now introducing baby slut calm
down calm down it's just a bad okay now
with this new outdoor dlc haha look see
look so adorable okay so a baby starts
gonna be a bear for a little while it
might actually help them pick up some
ladies you know that let bitches love
bears okay and last but definitely not
least we have got donut donut is no it
is a yokai goat now okay
she is gonna start acting her age she is
no longer a teenager she grew a hair
bitch she's wearing a stylish outfit
look at her swag girl look at this swag
she is the most fabulous girl in a Sims
fall yeah I look uprising he's looking
himself in the mirror he's like god
damnit when did I become so good-looking
he's probably practicing his is good
beats you know but just boom boom boom
boom boom yo my name is Brandon okay
never mind
Bratton and one who's often had you
watchin you watchin some daddy ass shit
what are you doing oh oh what what what
did you say something gave him the chili
willies well what gave you the chili
willies Brandon oh oh skyking look at
his bad gold kit now you're probably
asking me Brandon what are we gonna do
in today's video and now it's pretty
obvious what we're gonna do there was
some DLC that was released last high
last month I think and I never got
around to making a video on it but I'm
going to make a video and today it is
the outdoor rigid DLC where you go on
vacation to the woods okay
here we are on the vacations now we've
only got an option for five places okay
we can't go there so we weren't the
biggest place I think okay we're gonna
go on vacation four or seven days blast
out the ching-ching
dolla dolla ha oh damn money
Jinju gala dolla all the music's changed
the music's change so majestic I love it
here we are we are on vacation oh my
goodness donut why but I did not change
your hair while she in her okay never
mind I'm not gonna I'm not gonna ask any
questions so this is our house and you
know what guys
it doesn't look too shabby now the
question is what the hell can we buddy
do in this DLC I'm not gonna do any
research okay oh shit nugget nugget
nuggets funny apparently all they don't
like each other yes okay is a perfect
opportunity okay donut is gonna bully
nugget that's what we're gonna do right
now oh ha ha ha ha
that was for just FINA ocean oh she is
just flowering salting this poor kid oh
Jesus Christ ate there dude these two
hate each other not it not knocking
where are you going
no not Nuggets running away from home no
knock it please you don't you don't have
to be this angry please my goddamn cows
joking ok it don't have to be this a
grotto by the way from home we love you
dig down don't we guys come on guys lie
like uh okay what's is me what is he
doing um always Wayne unlighted or poo
okay so apparently not good he should do
a poo oh this flies everywhere it's
disgusting
okay so there he goes to do his boom oh
they're reminiscing or when they were
younger and they finally met for the
first hand and they had sex without
within meeting a couple of hours of each
other ah isn't so nice uh guys I hate to
inform you but there's actually no stars
in the sky I don't know what you're
looking at okay what are you pointing at
slide we all know you're not smart there
is nothing that you stupid go no key
steps underlying to throw the horseshoe
he thinks about where is he going to
throw it he told it
your blood is shed so it is now time the
baby sloth Stern he lines up the shot
can he get it guys
you're sick though okay guys it is now
time to sit around the campfire okay and
tell a group story Brandon is gonna be
the one town the story he's gonna tell
everyone a ghost story okay
he's Garrett coastal okay once upon a
time there was a young boy and a young
girl they were both watching mesh
yourselves YouTube videos and both of a
dime from laughing hahaha oh look at
this happy family they're all round the
campfire how beautiful is this okay it's
so beautiful
Oh banners keep telling the story
everyone's scared oh crap all bull he
tells about a ghost story than I do
oh wait what the hell what's this this
light is going up and down scared by
ghosts oh my god
oh this place is haunted
so what we're gonna do now guys so
apparently you can have woohoo in a new
location and you know me I'm a little
pervert that's exhausting we're gonna do
so first off we need to buy a tent so
here's my place and we got to go all the
way over here and apparently we can buy
supplies here okay we're gonna buy the
most expensive tent okay because we're
gonna need a lot of love and a lot of
love it is gonna be going on in this
tent if you know what I mean yeah yeah
yeah I'm a little bothered okay so the
going to I inventory place in world come
on Brandon put up this tent I want to
see this up well that was easy
apparently we can click on it and our
yeah woohoo we're nothing but slutty mix
Lonnie she may be looking like a mommy
now but deep down she still to hold that
she has to be okay Brandon a slut you
won't have to woohoo Brutus ooh oh oh oh
yeah baby yeah sure just have woohoo
when your kids are literally right
outside but it is a matter for a slut
and Brandon okay Devin have two woohoo
Oh brands like get in Oh
Oh what kind of foolishness how adorable
uh-uh baby slut I was not coming if I
was you trust me you do not want to know
what your mom and dad are doing god damn
he's got to go on uh ages you know I'm
an animal in bed guys um yeah you know
me and I'm a domino so what I wouldn't
do again is I want to tell another ghost
story okay because last time we don't
let go story there was a ghost but we
always saw a little bit of it okay so I
think if we if we tell another ghost
story that should there should be
another ghost that comes along by kuia
Oh Effie you blemish your bar cyka cyka
rah rah okay Oh
ha ha whoa Wolf Shabak not a soy doctor
boy oh no nugget getting good you're
brick row no wash GA the guys Jenna I
heard a noise not that possessing the
light assessing the line is a good
expenses are dead guys I do not want to
stay here look good God you say God baby
slut this is here's the ghost here is
those guys can I click on it click on
click on it wait I can't click on it so
apparently her name is Skyler door B
schools are Darby okay so her coast is
green so I think that means a Brandon
are you being flirty with the ghost can
Brandon boohoo a ghost I'm pretty sure
he can I don't know let's give me the
girl oh look at her go she's a ho Skyler
the ghost she's a ho
look at this girl she's loving brands
attention Oh was she going now or what
are these two doing now Brad
what what air don't abandon you have a
wife look look at these two this girl
loves it
Shiho we can have our first kiss
what is this Brandon can kiss adults I
have to see this doc nugget go away
oh but for she's gonna offer a rose ah
now they're gonna have it they're gonna
have their first kiss guys what is this
it's giving me the option to bloody woo
I was joking about having a sex with a
ghost but apparently you can do it you
can have sex with a ghost okay well this
is happening okay well oh my oh okay
okay Brad what is going on okay what is
to have a know who died would you go
home okay well I'll soon everything um
okay okay good achievement yeah why not
okay guys well this is enough for today
I can't handle any more I didn't I did I
did the impossible I had sex with a
ghost
and now she's kissing man what is this
so anyway guys this was this was been
Sims 4 I want to I wanna I want to keep
up the series you know I want to do it
weekly again but the reason I stopped it
is because the sort of support for the
series started to dip a bit the more I
went into it so let me just say this if
we can hit eight thousand likes
I will then upload the next episode okay
and it's really important if you like
this series because a lot of you guys
been asking for it so you need to show
me how much you want it by just hitting
a lot button I'm here eight thousand
I'll upload the next one but anyway guys
I want to thank you so much for watching
this episode and I'll see you in the
next video of mine see you later guys I
love you
oh boy
