hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is much so me and today we are playing
oh I'm out of breath dying light this
game is so much fun I've been playing it
non-stop ever since that came out is so
much fun if you guys don't know what the
hell's a dying light is it's a zombie
survival game I know
original but what's awesome about this
game is that it introduces parkour man
it is amazing at parkour it's true that
Mirror's Edge if I want to jump on this
ledge I can jump on it okay parkour cool
thing that I just unlocked is a
grappling hook if I want a grappling
hook all over there boom that's right
bitch I was five a man okay then as you
can see guys there is some zombies over
there they do not look happy let's go
say hello to zombies hello fragile you
do it Fred Fred I Fred back away okay
please introduce the video here please
Fred okay is everything calm now okay my
weapon is the most powerful weapon in
the game alright if I want to kill
zombies one hit I loading loading
loading doing all the looting now over
here you will notice a smelly bitch
zombie she runs around with this yellow
odor
she clearly forgot Who I am because now
she's walking away mister smelly bitch
zombie can I have an exclusive interview
can you piss off kick you in the face
kick you in the face I love this
grappling hook so much I could go from
here to here what is this never mind
oh no it's obvious chasing me if only I
had a quick escape grumbling ugh bitch
yeah zombie does not know what happened
he's like Oh could you slow down with a
person here
oh whoa got any brains my favorite way
to kill zombies though has to be don't
run up
bitch went blind twitch went fly oh you
stupid girl she did not know what's
coming look at this hole my second
favorite way is to run up parkour
Oh jumped up to here Oh parkour monster
jumps onto here can you keep going guys
ow my legs hey zombie nice to meet you
these guys are ugly motherfuckers did
you hello zombie how you doing girl they
keep falling from pays on me
cats oh this zombie ain't happy I killed
his wife
I'm give a shit about your wife ok guys
this is my safe house ok it says because
we don't have stairs hello everyone you
miss me
no ok oh ok god damnit cheer up guys all
of you look so depressed
counting you to help ok ok ok shut up
shut up oh god okay good enough of your
shit so that's a bulletin board over
here where people have tasks and
obviously no one gladly does it I have
to do everything around here pieces of
shits Koreans for kids let's see what
that quest is all about look for crayons
Indian bandits Co wanted crayons the
little ones starting to get bored and
the last thing we need is a pack of kids
crying and following tantrums some
kweilyn cuz where we have them pass the
time J thinks there might be some left
in the school good time and why can't
these kids go to store themselves ok
guys what we are going to do now is we
are gonna go to bed and wait until night
if you think the zombies are bloody
scary during the day you should see it
in the bloody night it's it's something
you don't want to see it is so scary so
scary
behind you yeah thanks for the advice
you pick a good stump shit dumb shit
oh oh look guys it's nighttime now look
out scary this is luckily I've got a
flashlight so calm down guys but look
how scary this is guys our guys I don't
want to go outside now as you could see
from the map it looks like there's God's
outside but no though those are special
zombies okay if they see you they will
chase you and trust me you will not
bring that Ray who should that one shit
shit let's let's try and avoid him shit
oh shit okay that was close so these
guys do they do not like light okay
so luckily my safe zone is full of light
you can't touch me
you can't touch me you shitty little
zombie you're some piece of shit these
shipping or shit is so scary hellos on
me stick you in the bathroom right the
way they stay calm stay calm fine and
stay calm all right shit shit shit okay
the mission that we're gonna do is we're
gonna do the crayons for the kids okay
we're gonna go to the school and get
crayons for them oh I risk my life
finding our zombies for pieces of wax
great best game ever ten out of ten okay
guys we are at the school but it looks
like we've got bloody company hello sir
I come to collect crayons for the kids I
just wanna talk try listening
the first bullet goes over your walls
one goes through it whoa don't argue
with me
Letty mean you let me air Merrill once
the talk to you yeah yeah it would let
me in yeah
mo vet would you shit with your shitty
flower t-shirt what do you get your guy
Edward okay I'm gonna move on now hello
I say you seem to be missing a leg thank
you for letting me in oh look at your
little boy oh look at your sexy sister
no okay I'm gonna talk to Errol okay
dude I don't care okay I don't care
about life I don't care what was
objective now okay
then what is giving me a new mission god
dude I do not care I'm just come to
collect your crayons you Leslie little
boy I'm gonna tell y'all tryout none for
you but hello nice you were fat piece of
ass
but you not crayon to a you you shit
face or look what we got here crayons
everywhere I'm gonna take up all the
crayons you little shit
look Phelan - you don't mind me I'm just
gonna rummage for your stuff you know
hey guys you don't mind me sleeping in
your bed - all right all right these
guys are nice all right they allowed me
to stay all this stuff and sleep in
their beds see you later you stupid kid
have fun not doing anything I took all
your crayons but girl I'll give you my
number okay you can bring me later All
Right see you later guy with one leg see
you later you guys shit-faced man with a
flower t-shirt I did you guys miss me
I've got clowns for the kids who watch
crayons okay who wants the crayons hello
miss there's no kids here I don't see
any kids here are you sure that you're
the one that wants to be playing with
the crayons you found some crayons are
fantastic the kids are gonna lose their
minds but in a good way
oh yeah of course you'll make better use
of it now the question is what rewards
you're gonna give me $1,000 for crayons
shit man this economy it's great I want
to live there
Oh with knowledge I would be rich man
okay let's see you look at their
drawings - god damn it these kids
couldn't hot draw okay clearly have no
talent daddy what are you doing you
doing a poo hey Brad and Teddy here I'm
just an own toilet there's no doing the
poo yeah
yeah I understand teddy you know it's a
hard life some crayons cheer up you
stupid kid I just risked my life to get
some crayons okay this kid is singing
shut up this shitty drawings okay listen
kids looking at to step up your games
okay you can't draw none of you can draw
what is that supposed to be so sweet is
that supposed to be a bunny that is the
shittiest bunny I ever seen is that
meant to be a cat good there's nothing
like a cat Hey how you doing man you
want my help - of course you do that's
what I want and by here in 202 and see
if he's around tell him he's late for
his shift and Seth is getting mad that
seems easy enough let's go over and see
the guy in number 202 oh shit what's
going on here guys there's something
going on what's going on here yeah
what's going on here it has locked
himself in the room we could hear him
screaming listen man if he's trying to
fight just let him be
okay babe stop stop fapping okay I just
want to see if you're all right
what happened but what the hell happened
here listen guys all he was doing he was
fat paid okay just leave him alone
look he's not turning but he needs a
doctor yeah okay and then he's the fat
if he needs a doctor you should get the
doctor no shit
godammit you stupid man what's 9+10 I'm
getting the hell out of it okay if he
needs a doctor I should go tell the
doctor no shit doctor someone sold that
guy fake shit and now he can't have a
look at this Oh what is that Lena Lena
the wizard
okay guys I'm gonna end the video here
dying light it's more fun to actually
play it firsthand and I think is to
watch videos on it in my opinion I love
this game it's definitely one of the
best games that I've played in a long
time and I'm having so much fun with it
I recommend that you pick it up I'm not
sponsored or anything but I I'm just
looking in for your best interests
probably not gonna make any more videos
on this but I might do some more repair
videos I don't know but anyway on thank
you so much for watching if we all swim
if we can hit six thousand likes on this
video I would appreciate that very much
and I'll see you in a next the old man
he let it go
