hahaha hello everyone how is everyone
doing it is measures are there yes
smells of it and today we are finally
back that's right ladies and gentlemen
when the farc raffle today we are
playing the escape from Durgesh prison
dlc nowadays a bit crappy but i thought
i'll make a video on it
ok escaped from Turkish prison yeah yeah
so now you're probably asking me Brandon
what the bloody hell does that even mean
well I'm going explaining right now so
as you can see on the top we have
exactly half an hour to get to the
extraction point which is from here or
the bloody way to here now you're
probably asking me blood and that seems
easy just go go go it won't take you
half an hour I would take you like two
minutes go go have fun
well it's not that easy my friends ok
because the extraction point difficulty
is very hard and I don't think I am up
for it right now and now you probably
watched me Brandon you are both my
master why are you saying this the
reason why it's hard ladies and
gentlemen is because I have been
stripped naked I have been stripped with
all of my guns
I have no guns I am bloody naked I have
been stripped of all of my skills I
don't know anything I've done bloody
stupid
al-adha but most importantly is I have
been stripped of all of my craft duple
Adams we spent so long doing this and
they're backing it away goddamn you
bragging men so yeah we have to
basically do various missions around
town ok as you can see I skipped that
poster and they added a minute on to my
time okay it's gonna be a breeze
something I should mention though is
that this game has permadeath so if I
just jump down here and do that
I gotta restart the whole goddamn game
and I may remind you this is on Hard
difficulty still from this from my
series um this is not going to be fun
but let's give it a go okay our first
aim should be to get the bloody gun cuz
we can't do shit without the gun okay
there's something going on here there's
a purple icon here parachuting come on
let's kill him okay now we're gonna
sneak oh my gosh please nigga why am I
so slow oh yeah I've got all my skills
yeah can I pick up his gun yeah you're
late gentlemen we have a gun and I'm
gonna untie your face that was close
and you're right nunya about to you you
little karate shit okay now that we have
a bloody gun we need to decide what
mission should we do now all the here is
booked Hari gajala which is an outpost
with two loves medium difficulty you
know so it's not that hard but if we
eliminate this outpost we will obtain
crafting ingredients now remember if we
mess this up we have to restart and fail
okay so with it let's not do that okay I
can already tell you this is not gonna
end well okay look I've only got two
life buzz what am I going to do I get
shot funds and I will hurt go cry to
mommy and that's it game over
okay ladies and gentlemen we are here we
are at the bloody outpost okay okay
we're gonna do this proper emoji style
now unfortunately they took away my drug
holding equipment so I can't take any
drugs so we're gonna have to do this
without any drugs and uh I have to be
honest guys I don't think I can do
without my drugs
yeah okay what's this ammo I could do
with ammo
oh there's a special gun here should we
take it oh oh look at this beauty
whoa whoa we stole the good one girls
okay there's an enemy right here okay
now I don't know if there's any enemies
elsewhere but we're gonna have to kill
him shit he's coming he's coming oh look
there's another chapatti here okay so we
should probably disable the lumps that
would be a good idea I'm not gonna lie
oh shit two men there I can't handle two
men they merely saw me I forgot these
games on hard they will see me even
though they can't even see me you can't
see me Jesus bloody Christ
bye medium difficulty I'd expect them to
be just shitting everywhere okay I'm
gonna take R now what do i do do I shoot
this guy okay I'm not gonna shoot him
because it might attract some violence
and we don't want violence because we're
gonna shit on his dick in a bum bum
decade in a bum bum easy easy
disable via Lodge Schabel alarm okay
okay I'm gonna get I'm gonna shit on the
space I'm gonna shoot on the sky space
shooters voice oh I love shitting on the
face it feels good tonight look at this
gun oh ho ho I'm finding God's from
everywhere from every angle god damn
okay you know what I'm gonna do guys I'm
gonna play some mind right here okay oh
shit okay and now and now what look what
I'm gonna do guys okay this guy's
comment this guy's coming okay just wait
for it hahaha I stayed on your family
one more
shit take a shit up bump-outs
liberated no lumps that's how we do this
maybe on Hard difficulty but you know
what I am the karate and master now what
do we get
oh look oh okay oh shit now who we found
the jackpot ladies and gentlemen we
could crop a level one bed bag i level
one heavy alibi and the level one quiver
god damnit they are spoiling me to death
civilians I have saved the outpost you
are now free to go back to your homes
a woman I'm pretty sure that's not
humble a British out is that how you
supposed to stick okay we are going to
another outposts okay that gives you
Crawford double islands okay because the
craftable Adams is the most important
thing okay just survive
do you want to die I don't okay I've
given myself enough skill points to take
the hunting syringe drugs yeah yeah this
is how we do it
okay the guy coming harsh little Gandhi
don't say a word and it's going to snow
dude oh shit they saw me okay okay
I'm handling it okay there's a god damn
there's a god damn guy haircut okay for
the man Oh daddy not how holy shit I'm
doing it
mum get the camera on the way I'm
recording this on the camera a mum my
makeup at age shit shit shit oh hang on
come on one more
kanya I know my beauty oh I'm too good
at this game let's be honest guys okay
let's see what craftable as we can get
we can get to bear I know what that is
that's the bloody weapon alsa yeah
wicked girl croc I level 2 weapon also a
level one syringe kit for all of the
drugs and a level 1 heavy I mean ammo
back ok we are making progress guys haha
I said it again maple girl okay what
we're gonna do now is an eye-for-an-eye
mission ok difficulty is hard but I
think I can handle it now ok as if we do
this we will recieve gyrocopters okay so
we can fly anywhere come on now let's do
this shit by them I for a night I think
you have to kill the guy with your knife
okay okay quick quick quick
yeah here you kuna pseudo okay okay okay
okay calm down calm down okay so we have
to kill this guy with a knife this guy
with a knife and that guy with a knife
shit shit he's got a friend he's got a
friend indeed he's got a friend indeed
so what if I shoot his friend
okay is the second guy use a second guys
a second guy yeah check your jacket in
the asshole take it in the arse all me
me tell you one thing right now member
take it in the household brother I'll
turn into our dirty Jamaica
okay sneak on Bosley Goomba numbers yes
I got it
yes okay I think now it goes like
bitches okay take a strike a pose by
your mole you look fabulous today my
friend this one's going on Instagram
jeez oh jeez oh no that's the wrong body
I don't want you this one's going on
Instagram
fabulous oh you look fabulous baby I
love but not leave you you little shits
out going on Instagram
boom I'm going out okay so now we are
not tell AKOP this and we added five
minutes I spent way too long on that
than five minutes but oh it's oh it's
okay okay well I could carry on and do
all these missions but you know what I
don't think it's worth it and it's quite
boring so we're going to go to the
extraction point
okay now this difficulty is not hard it
is very hard okay this is it this is all
that we've worked for ladies and
gentlemen if we die now I will cry I'm
not going to lie okay here we are guys
we are at the extraction point okay it's
the moment of truth now we made it with
six minutes left okay prepare the
defenses now what we're going to do is
we're gonna shoot this case your
students are reinforcements a wrap okay
but first off I'm gonna place me some
man's it's the moment of truth it's
always just what we've been waiting for
okay okay okay I'm scared guys I'm not
gonna lie I'm scared okay we have to
defend this for ten minutes
what kind of foolishness okay here they
come
okay come on people
you are about to get cut it no you're
about to get gutted that's right God God
did God God God I think that snipers
their guys shit their snipers that shit
oh oh just in that shot I am children
this game God she they're coming life up
shit DOM and I die yes the button is
doing it god Martha get him take it is
that fun I'm out of ammo
oh man Bam oh shit what do I do shit
grenade shit oh my god I'm so dead I am
so dead I'm so dead I have no medicine
buyout no ammo shit shit come on come on
come on come on come on come on what
shit shit no I'm screwed
jumper No
Oh
why me why me I played that for a bloody
hour for what for what reason did I do
that just to die just to die what the
last shit shit shit ha ha oh ok screw it
alright that was the DLC it's a load of
shit ok it's just recycled content and
an impossible mission that's only half
an hour and cost me 10 pounds ok what a
waste
thank you for watching I'll see you in
the next video
