hello everyone how is everyone doing
my name is myself and we are finally
doing some far craft for my better turn
just look at it mid job
Oh a ladder band okay it's okay so
ladies gentlemen we are messing around
with the farc wrap format editor here is
my island and upgraded we're not gonna
be doing a max just yet I thought I
should I do max first or should I mess
around the map editor and I thought I'll
mess around first and then we'll do some
custom maps but hey it's my beautiful
island it's over but I got my turtles
here I don't know what they're doing
they're just chillaxing over there I got
an awesome statue you know in New York
they have Statue of Liberty so that
statue is called over here is my
beautiful cabin alongside the beach I
had to pay a lot of money for the for
this for this beach view okay so over
here are my two wives you know it is
custom in command to have two wives okay
this one is called Jasmine de I doing
Jasmine de she's always the sad looking
one chat window chair up you stupid girl
and this one is called ciabatta face I
love your bunny face
I call it your body face because she's
got that goddamn chapati what effects it
and over here I want to introduce you to
someone
unfortunately uh as you as you remember
Ellen the elephant passed away god rest
God rest the soul praise to play below
Jesus so I decided to get a new elephant
and she is called Emma the elephant baby
love you√≠ everyday ye why my wife
screaming the screaming house was this
one girl yes you the fool oh shit what
was that
holy crap yuck yeah why not good
gangster friendly uh chapati face are
you alright ok I think she's all right
gia why do you tell me about the goddamn
gangster body so this noisy fella is
Boris the man had to put him in a cage
because he was your son back by yourself
because he's been misbehaving aren't you
Boris the bay you goddamn bastard stop
yelling you know what you're bloody in
that stupid what is this man do it it
was at this moment Brandon knew he
fucked up oh shit tell me Boris the bear
is loose Boris the bear is loose just
meander run run come on am i blue yes
you got it Emma
okay note to self don't let Boris the
bear out of his cage thank you very much
Ella Emma oh my goodness just window
just benda no we're literally two
minutes in a goddamn major we've already
lost one of my wives anyway here is my
farm okay I had to separate the pigs and
the chickens because they were having a
turf war all right so I had to put them
in separate cages okay and in my opinion
I think they're planning something
Oh boys the chickens have gone too far
we attack at dawn and prove once and for
all
that bacon is more delicious than
chicken okay girls listen up now listen
up those God
babies man yep I miss something so we
need to attack them before they attack
okay all right we can make sure the
planet don't find out okay girl you know
what I'll just kill all of them sell
later Peggy fair lady ticket Oh straight
Jesus Christ whether that's sold the
turf war and we have plenty of chicken
and plenty of bacon to go around so now
what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna give you
guys a tour of my beautiful island I
know you guys have been wondering what
the bloody hell is this monstrosity
Brandon now I'll go I'll go on to it in
a minute but that ladies gentleman is
called Mount chapati and that's right I
did named my wife after after this man
off the mount your buddy there's a lot
of wildlife here it's actually really
beautiful you know we've even got
civilization over here hello sir how you
doing
oh my goodness what was that we shooting
down Eagles was that you shooting what I
spawn people in here where is it go oh
crap there's a bear over there sir oh no
sir you might want to watch out there's
a bear coming for you oh the best knock
at the door
ugh shit Donnie Moore are
okay he's dead - over here we got our
very own shop you know we go to our
grocery somewhere uh where do people god
is about the bitch over here is the
arena but uh I'm not gonna be showing
you the arena just yet I want to show
you now - chapatti first now you guys
better watch out because it's a long way
up to mount your body okay here we go
it's a long way up you're gonna be bad
with me now now now that the road to
mount your party okay it's a very
dangerous one okay some people prefer to
go on foot because it's more safe but
I'll i'ma go down right okay
oh shit Oh Oh get out get out get out
okay I guess we're on foot must climb
mount your body in each is such a long
way I've gone five days without water
oh shit why is there a tiger head what
all the monkeys what was your summer
what is going on why are you guys kind
of known over here so over here is my
women refuge okay now when what if I
wife died which happens happen a lot of
the time I take one of these beautiful
ladies home now with one of you
beautiful ladies wanna come home with me
all right
oh look at this sexy girl hey go I like
the way you woke oh are you okay haha
uh well what is it wha excuse me girl
are you okay what are you doing right
now
okay I was gonna back away uh you seem
to be busy what with the women in this
island now obviously every island must
have their own government system and my
government system is is that if you've
been a bad boy or girl
you go in jail okay now I've decided
that all of these people have been given
the death sentence okay and that's why I
put them on the edge because the death
sentence in my country is unfortunately
falling off the cliff I'm sorry but she
shouldn't be a bastard
look at these outlaws all they do is
bloody drink I know that there is bloody
smoke you should be disgusted you all
know what your hair sir what are you
doing refi nothing Sally what the hell's
wrong with you why are you pissing what
is wrong with you sir can you please not
okay that's other people living here why
is your cock out okay you're the first
tonight come on get off get off the clip
don't our city's on fire okay well okay
what are you you could be the next bus
to die come on one more okay there you
go up go stop the bike physics blending
please stop it
this is madness no this is sparta
director people
the rest of your 1/5
uh okay well um see as you can see III
do get bald on my own island there's not
much stuff to do you know but hey uh
killing people sure gets me hyped up so
guys hello it's mesh yourself here from
the future um so yeah when editing this
I realized that I lost all the footage
after this and I tried to record some
more but it didn't come out very well uh
tell me how this video goes I'm not
going to do any more messing around that
later but there are some really cool
custom maps that people have made so
that's what all the other youtuber seems
to be doing so you know I'm just gonna
I'm just gonna copy them and do exactly
that so uh let me know if you want to
see that and I will see you in the next
video man thank you so much watching bye
bye
