oh hello everyone how are you doing oh
I'm gonna stop that I don't care
actually I don't actually care so I'm
gonna tell you guys how I'm doing
I had an eventful morning so if you guys
didn't know which you definitely would
not cuz I haven't totally won my
playstation for broke a couple of days
ago I know it's a sad time when a
PlayStation 4 that cost 300 pounds
Greg's up or new after six months I'm
him choking so I was a new one alright
it came today so great
guess what time it came though it came
at 7:30 okay I don't wake up until 12
o'clock so I thought to myself do I go
back to sleep or do I set it up so I
tried to set it up okay I'm not spending
huh know what setting it up it doesn't
leave a goddamn fuck okay thank you
useless to me now I got to go through
all of them
one which will delay the videos on the
PlayStation but it's okay so you're
probably asking me Brandon why'd I shit
are you telling me this story well I
thought was I'm I'm in a pissed-off mood
how much buzz to make any videos now so
we're gonna play some rage game cuz you
know what I'm just having one of those
days where I feel like can something up
and screaming come on now let's play
some shitty games okay the first game is
called giving up okay and I'm probably
going to give it up so alright it seems
like a regular game alright so how do I
play this okay so it seems that I'm a
bowl of shit okay what do i do daughter
oh okay
yeah I'm feeling this oh okay tap the
touch down to make blob jump the rhythm
of the music may help okay card out oh
yes
whoa yes safely easy enough right okay
okay the music was about to kick in Hall
right have to jump up blob knows what to
do Oh does he now he's got a name blob
the shit is covered all right music
puppet
yeah oh oh oh shit
oh yeah oh oh oh yeah oh okay now
Jeffers rapid Abu Dhabi da Buddha Buddha
Buddha Buddha paper or a pool party Oh
ding okay come on man you're
interrupting me attack three times I got
it photo tofu oh yeah
oh ah ding dong please bio bio bike okay
oh oh oh
die on this song I love this it catches
it alright you don't own up the job oh
oh okay uh-huh I was like shit to tome
Tim yeah I got it good luck light honey
good luck it's either Peter lemon
sweeter
oh yeah ding dong bong bong-bong-bong
sure but that baby alright at last
someone got this bar uh thanks I guess
all right that would level what or just
a the tutorial level okay let's do the
next level stage two pom pom pom pom oh
fuck ding dong shy got like a bone deep
oh yeah
look a brother please don't kill it oh
shit on my foot okay third you per se
it's a it's a good first chart okay Oh
eating don't go back there oh oh oh
don't top top top top don't don't don't
stop don't don't don't don't don't don't
don't don't don't don't
boom all I Kristin I press okay force
episode we're getting closer to the
hundred percent okay miss kidding me get
my ding dong bang attack on a monkey
coming down shit fucking uh here we go
babe it signal dong up on nothing I bang
up and along a bigger boom new record
boom
I stink don't pop T what no 69 percent
that's a sexual pleasure gentlemen
whoa seem to be on a road Oh Oh killer
oh I tapped it I tapped it's okay it's
okay here no I just told her anything
like I didn't have it
yeah go okay here we go boom bang ding
don't I'm a brother fool but bullshit to
me just do that yeah ha ha ha ha ha why
is it when the beat kicks in and she
goes for mental mental mental mental oh
shit oh yeah oh baby oh oh oh that oh
yeah oh yeah I'm gonna set a new Red
Bull - boom ha ha Oh ding don't wanna
water
no no sixteen ahead okay here we go
No - think all of this was caused by the
stupid PlayStation I should have been
working okay how's that I returned it I
got a return that shit you know how it
good Jill yeah
let's keep going guys okay here we go oh
yah oh yah ding dong oh yeah oh yeah oh
yeah gettin up
alright so I think talking silly helps
me to succeed more because I'm doing
moles I'm good at multitasking no I'm
not I'm a liar I'm a compulsive liar oh
this is annoying me now come on now this
is like flappy bird and the impossible
game they had a baby okay they had some
dirty sex had a baby that they didn't
want and this is what they produced I'm
not gonna give up game okay you think
I'm a pussy I'm not a pussy okay okay oh
my god I'm feeling this I'm feeling this
okay I got 71% okay that's an
improvement we're no longer a sex
position we are now just a normal
regular number but we ate a hundred we
got to keep trying until we get there
I'm getting the hang of it I filmed in
the hang of it like if I just stay calm
it seems to work okay but I need to
concentrate
that means no talking but how can I not
talk when it's a YouTube video yeah oh
yeah ding dong soccer ma really I like
dick dick in my art so oh shit okay
don't be gay right but it's okay if you
are gay but I'm not okay out of six out
of sync okay I don't know what a hell I
just even said Bing bong Bing bong flip
enough suck on my nuts okay guys I need
you to help me with it
Oh
shit on my face just take a big fat shit
on my face I would love that so much
more than playing this game and now I'm
just done I'm done no no no okay here we
go
hello my name is Brandon I'm going to
get 100% right now because I'm awesome
oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah give it to
me - give it to me you didn't give it to
me hard enough I'm gonna leave you but
cuz he got by me really yeah this is
level 2 give me a break oh my god
ok ok ok this is it guys this is it
little set no never mind come back later
oh my god Amador my god I got 1% more oh
my god
this is it ah ok ok ok ok I got sour I
got an improvement within a span of 2
minutes ok 2 minutes okay so
theoretically speaking in 4 minutes I
should complete the game I need you guys
okay a big cross your fingers okay cross
your right hand okay cross it like this
and then with your left hand put your
pinkie up okay I want you to do it right
now because we're gonna do it right now
okay you do with it okay I'll give you a
second to realize with your hands your
left and right okay alright you did
you're doing it thank you okay we're
gonna do it right now we ready oops oh
yeah oh we're gonna do with all because
of you thank you guys so much for doing
this
you're my good luck charm guys look see
it's working it's working guys oh thank
you so much it's done laughing you're
like oh hey yeah I can't be playing this
for half an hour would you believe half
an hour that's 30 minutes okay long ass
time shit I love let me tell you
something right now guys I love spending
about 10 minutes just to improve by one
percent it is awesome oh my god
you know what guys you know what guys
that was give it up okay I was gonna
play another game okay
but this game okay it's actually very
addicting and yeah I'm gonna give this
game a video by itself anyway guys this
has been in my opinion the hardest and
most addicting game I've played this
year give it up I would like to see you
guys try it okay like honestly I think
this games actually it's challenging and
it makes me want to play more you know
is there a sponsored video or anything
but I just think that if you get this
game it with it would be cool you know I
think you would is the challenge okay
believe me I'm gonna go lie down
probably return that ps4 on the floor I
know yeah thanks for watching I'll see
you in the next video
