oh hello everyone diam look at your fine
ass who added will you come from girl
how you do it oh oh you're a boy you're
a teenage boy with a penis okay I'm out
of here
so hello everyone its mess yourself hair
um today I pop it in for another blog
but we're gonna be doing something a
little bit different I am going to
basically tell you guys some facts about
me little ol mess up little ho Brandon a
lot of you guys are gonna feel that we I
don't want to be sort of this video
making machine well I just make the
videos and you're like wild must watch
videos much more videos where you don't
know anything about me you know because
I'm a person I'm just a normal person
teenage boy living in his mother's attic
um yeah I'm just a normal kid you know
so don't don't treat me like a big
youtuber here you know so yeah let's
start sharing some goddamn facts about
me first fact is my name is Brandon I am
19 years old
and my birthday is on the 5th of May
really that's the best you can come up
where would you bloody piss off oh okay
it's important that you know I list my
name and my age okay alright if you put
it okay
why are you guys watching this guy so
one of the most common questions I get
are its branded where are you from are
you India's all of my Indian brothers
and sister doing man everybody will get
a Japan key you are did your party you
get the chapati come on let's all friend
in there
I am oh my goodness what am I do my life
oh you Mexico LA because my name is
Marisa number one mix again no you do
but on the whole of the internet yes
i'ma make sakano I'm a mexicana yes si
si so basically my family have
originated from immigrants okay at all
of them are goddamn immigrants so that
basically means that my family from both
sides have basically been from all over
the world so I don't really have a
certain background I have like a
collection of backgrounds the list of
countries are a lot of them but I will
go into detail so I have family from
England I have family from Scotland I
have family from Portugal I have family
from Germany I have family from the
Netherlands I had family from India and
I have family from Canada and I think
that is all of them okay I think oh no I
also Australia so yeah
so you might say that I'm a mix of all
these countries but you know what you
can just call me British okay cuz I want
to be poached sipping on my cup of tea
you know how US British people do jolly
good show mate so the third batch is
that mess yourself is it my first
youtube channel what you have hidden
videos somewhere the Internet's now busy
I create a channel ages ago up 2006
which was goddamn ages ago that was like
nine years ago like even back then when
I was like only 13 or something like
that I knew I wanted to make some sort
of video so I would just literally just
rip any videos I could find on the
internet and just reload it to my
challenge I didn't know what I wanted to
post back then but I wanted to post
something I'm not gonna show you that
I'm not going to show you the channel
because it's been embarrassing but I
will show you one of the videos that I
made okay this video is called hit in
the face alright look at that 144p
quality glaze gentlemen so basically
with this video sorry about the poor
quality is that I thought it would be a
good idea to get myself hit in the face
with a football thinking it would go
viral you know want to be internet
famous oh there we go okay my friends
lovers okay and now I pretend that I got
her are my girls look at teenage Bryan
and he's such a goddamn pussy screaming
away
god damnit look at him he suck what's
one word in that he'll hell laughing at
the end god dammit at some embarrassing
shit right there
so but number four about me is that I
had to basically starve myself in order
to start YouTube so basically I just
have any income when I was I think I
wanted to start when I was 16 so what I
had to basically do is that my mother
would give me 40 pounds a month in order
for lunch money and I had to not eat any
lunch for about three months in order to
save enough equipment in order to start
YouTube and I lost like a lot of weight
in this process if not it wasn't good it
wasn't a help of time but the day I
saved enough was just such a happy time
and I'm so glad I did it
my fact number five is that I do have a
blogging channel basically about the
year and a half into mesh ourselves
YouTube channel I decided you know I
don't want to make gaming videos anymore
like I don't enjoy it anymore I'm gonna
stop making gaming videos and start up a
blogging channel and then I once I
started vlogging I sort of
I'm not a good blocker you know watching
this right now who would watch this okay
but I'm not a good vlogger so then I
tried to re innovate my gaming channel
and I started having fun in the gaming
channel and then my gaming channel blew
up and I was so glad I did because I
wouldn't know what I would do you know
yeah so fact number 6 of our lilo mess
yourself is that I in fact do YouTube
full-time some people don't know that I
do it as a job but I don't treat that as
a job because to me it started as a
hobby and always will be a hobby so what
I'm basically doing now is that I'm on
like a gap year I was planning to go to
university in September of this year I
might not even go University next year
to be honest because I want to keep
doing this and if I did go university
then I wouldn't have time for YouTube as
much as I would want to so you're gonna
be enjoying my cute little face for many
years to come
and lastly fat number seven about lilo
Brandon is that is quite embarrassing
but I don't have any friends outside of
YouTube something all my say that's kind
of sad but honestly like YouTube just
makes me so happy and I would class each
and every single one of you my bestest
friend you know like that's why YouTube
is so important to me because the
interaction I have of you guys is so
important because it's the only
interaction I have you know you guys are
have become my best friends thank you
guys so much for the amazing support
like wreaths especially recently it's
been absolutely amazing just thank you
thank you thank you so much for
everything but yeah I'm going to end the
video here I hope you know a little bit
more about me learn something about me
that you didn't know and like I said
just down like thank thank you guys so
much for the support thank you for
watching all of my videos are preciate
if so much and I'll see you in the
goddamn next video
haha see you later guys love you boy
