Oh everyone its master Sofia how is
everyone doing so today I'm gonna be
doing something a little bit different I
went out and bought out the lead so I
can record iPad stuff so I thought I
would check out some of the goddamn apps
on the App Store now I thought to myself
I want to find some weirdest games to
play alright so I decided to go onto App
Store and time in girlfriend and there's
some weird steps in this in this bitch
okay so I'm gonna show you some that I
downloaded already ok this app is called
Morpho I think it's meant to be like a
virtual girlfriend ah-hoo
oh hello beautiful okay I'm getting so
embarrassed right now a pretty girl is
walking tomorrow okay she likes me
touching her face apparently you saw the
little girl okay what do we do here we
can record this is the creepiest thing
ever why would anybody turns out this
well can we do in this we can give our
makeup apparently looking like a pancake
over here okay apparently I want my
garbage is it like Justin Bieber Taylor
Swift is it in this for some reason oh
my god we did look like a goddamn shark
that's order
ouch the goddamn unicorn I got good more
fuck you make you look fat Oh
what's happened to my girlfriend now see
Debbie look angry with me with you come
on now okay I can make a dance what the
hell
disco okay I'm getting rid of it I guess
what but monkeys have a funny markings
at your back
what
okay what I might do my life okay well
that was very weird the next app it's
called
virtual girlfriend literally oh shit
what have I got myself into okay so I
guess I want to play a new game
I want a virtual girlfriend welcome
please enter your first name okay how do
I do that
okay I forgot an app to do that then
okay here is my ideal girlfriend she
likes lowriders and little wave what
Yoho we got Nikki over here peanut bad
t-shirt what is this okay we'll choose
Veronica okay I see anything wrong with
her yeah what the hell is this
yeah my sister co-repressor harbajan
what house she's pretty good at
different language okay whoa whoa whoa
okay I guess we can definitely check out
her ass oh my god what what is this I
can compliment her thighs what should i
insult the person CELTA she speaking
russian or some shit I'm warning you
keep that attitude up and you are do you
like my place no it's a shit place yeah
be sad bitch
okay let's play video games cuz that's
what we're doing right now you two had
quality time together doing something
you already love okay
was that it okay well that's just great
some people you meet don't just make
your day they make your entire life what
kind of shit ass pick-up line is that
okay I have a know what this girl wants
anymore
give Z barbarous what I have Ebola what
the hell Jesus Christ can I talk can I
cut I'll compliment her smell that
creepy I smiled oh I can interact with
her
Oh No okay game over I love my
girlfriend that would that's just great
isn't it
hey player my name is Nikki it's really
cool to meet you okay hello Nikki let's
try and not mess this one up
okay this be nice do action let's
compliment her smile just got a creepy
good smile what kind of language is
speaking deeper first soy protein / way
/ oh shit cuz there was something about
you player that make me feel good okay
well that's just great to hear your
stupid go down what the hell's she doing
now what are you doing
Luvdisc relationship start work you
should come I live the clothes oh she
was B to touch her I think oh look at
that she loves she wants me okay
interact with her what should that touch
first should I touch her face no
touching her face there's nothing okay
what if I touch a vagina a particulate
in her vagina you're not hard on the
eyes that's for sure what was that
supposed to mean you bitch
okay Nico let's go bowling you and Nikki
enjoyed a nice outing at the local boat
what the hell's the point of that I
think I did pretty good considering
something I just do that often give a
shit about what you did I beat you
anyway you stupid girl you know play me
catch me when the mood is right I'm
willing to try anything
whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa when we again
somewhere guys I love you doc I
cool pick your nose give a hug talk
what'd you guys do yet
okay I'm gonna do a little dogs just go
that was cute must be pretty happy to
see me
what no hole I hope you have got a
license for that body cuz you're driving
me crazy
oh now she's doing it okay let's splash
some cash Oh baby you know what I like
so tell me player are you so good
everything as you are in looking what
why should give me pickup lines
bitch shut up you ho I'm gonna pick my
nose
oh she picking my nose could you
possibly get any more disgusting go it's
natural case
do you like organically grown produce
what the shit is that why would look
like that you should come to me ogre
class with me it will open up your
chakras what the hell - I gotta
accountant interact with her again the
party started again okay she's still
ticklish in the vagina oh she doesn't
like me touching that titties oh she
likes me touching up and join our crew
she tickles in it but she doesn't allow
me to touch and tease all right I see is
I see how okay let's talk about working
out cuz you like working out all right
that's good apparently
stupid girl are you call with the big
oil companies that do deep seat I don't
give a shit okay okay I gave her a gift
was a good damn workout oh shit holy
what what you don't live with your mum
do you I do actually there's not a
problem okay let's say no I don't ok she
likes him likes me not living my mom but
I secretly do dr. Vicky stupid ho okay
let's compliment her shitty house okay
that did nothing okay let's do another
activity let's go out to dinner okay
it was a fantastic meal worth every
penny okay well that was stupid Michael
tries actually big serious it's gonna
make me paid to see her in a god damn
lingerie okay well this is just great
isn't it okay border stupid
microtransactions okay you happy guys
don't ever buy this game okay don't give
this guy don't give this game money
alright let's give her a stupid gift of
the goddamn lingerie you like this hole
her eyes open wide as she unwrapped the
gift to discover some rather intimate
upper route okay so you're gonna wear it
you gonna try on me god damn that ass
okay well things have got awkward little
bit too fast so I'm gonna end the video
here this was girlfriend games on the
App Store okay I don't know what she's
doing right now
yeah uh-huh let me know if you want to
see more apps top apps stuff because
there are some weird arts games on the
App Store I'm toned up right now like
that it's actually squee pee okay I'll
let you guys let me know in the comments
down below but yeah anyway thank you
guys so much for watching and I'll see
you in the goddamn next video of mine
see you later guys love you bye say
goodbye Vicky stupid girl
