oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
it is master selfie today we are going
to be reacting to yet again story booth
animations now if you guys haven't
watched my previous videos on story
booth alright it's a channel where they
tell stories about kids all right now a
little bit of a secret that I've been
keeping is that the people who run this
channel are in the works of making my
very own story booth animation okay are
you guys excited for that alright they
loved my videos that I made on the
channel okay and I am so excited to see
like my own story booth animation okay
but you might have to wait like a couple
of months to see that so the first
animation that we're going to be
watching is called I sent pictures to a
boy I have liked and I shouldn't have
okay now I wanna start off by saying
don't do this alright don't send
pictures of some weird ass boys alright
boys can be very very creepy sometimes
alright don't let them take advantage of
you and definitely don't send pictures
of yourself you know naked especially if
you're under 18 alright cuz I'm pretty
sure that's kind of illegal alright by
the way today's focus is on like videos
which I think every child should watch
okay so I yeah do not do not do this
alright let's watch this animation I
liked this one guy we were super close
all because I was started talking like
late at night and stuff and he would ask
me how my day was okay did okay he's
coming how I'm feeling and stuff like
that good he'd be super nice one day he
asked me for nudes that's so disgusting
and wait okay alright alright little
boys out there watching this video okay
don't you even dare think about asking
nudes off cuz I don't know why there's
this obsession about you know getting
naked pictures of girls you know there's
no one else find that kind of weird and
creepy alright little boys out there
stop asking for naked pictures of girls
it's it's just weird you look like a
weird dude alright
you don't look normal you look like some
loser wig guy asked me for nudes said no
no he kept begging me
I was like maybe trying to talk myself
out of it but then I was feeling like I
don't know what to do oh you're putting
this little girl in this situation okay
she really likes you as a person all
right she has some feelings for you and
you're making her do something that she
clearly doesn't want to do like like
that's not right you know that is not
right all right she actually really
likes you and she probably feels like
she has to do it because you know just
so you could like a back you know it
like it's not normal all right don't do
this kind of thing and I was feeling
like I don't know what to do and we had
this thing and it was play pulled those
or else to send nudes I said how about
something other than she said all right
booty pics all right little boys growing
up thinking that it's okay to to say and
do stuff like this all right like people
need to understand you know like how the
kind of stuff they see online you know
it's not how like actual humans work you
know you can't just ask someone like
that you kind of like for just naked
pictures of them it's that's just not
how the world works
all right booty pics right fine so we
played and I will hold so I had to send
him some pictures seeing like them he
was like over this is a disgusting child
but this is illegal by the way all right
you're just disgusting okay uh some
little boys out there growing up to be
so disgusting
so objectifying women what kind of shit
he liked them he was like ooh sexy hot
and stuff later then he asked me for
nudes again oh he said no but I was on
the phone with my friend she was like
what are you gonna do don't do it send
me a picture whoa she was like wait no
he did it I said yeah picture of his own
ding-dong
oh this guy's creepy okay this guy isn't
normal right he's just some horny little
schoolboy
this guy's creepy do not talk to people
like this all right if you're a girl out
there and some guys like saying this
shit he's a creep and leave him and just
leave him alone all right he is not good
news he sent me a picture she was like
wait no he didn't and I said yeah and I
showed my friend and I was like I don't
know what to do he's asking me for
picture still and I was like fine so I
sent him a picture of no and then he was
like take the broth so I did and I put
my hands over my boobs he said send it
without your hands and I put emojis and
then he was like take the mogees off and
I was like fine and stuff at school keep
sending them to me and I was like you
know what I want to go to bed didn't I
discuss a month later my mom found out
he sent me that no runners are talking
about it in the car and she heard it so
then we had to talk about it with my
therapist she was like did you send him
back and I was like no as I kept lying
cuz I was like I don't want to but then
my mom threatened to take it up with the
school district and like tell on him
saying this is how Allah graffiti oh
you've got his picture and say like oh
he did Sunday and like he should get
punished for it oh like mom you can't do
that and she was like why did you send
it back and I was think if I did would
you be mad oh she said no I started
crying and I poured down tears and I
told her the truth oh good and she just
hugged me and she said look it's gonna
be all right no you can't do that again
and I got grounded for a long time oh
man I never did anything like that again
yes the feeling of thinking that someone
might find out and ruin your life sucks
that's so sad yeah don't they give some
guy that power oh that's kind of
disgusting it's very disgusting that
there's little boys out there thinking
that they can just send stuff like this
all right
like the way I always see things all
right is that I always see things on a
woman's perspective and I imagine you
know like
own daughter you know being like this
girl and you wouldn't want your own
daughter you know like doing these stuff
for some random boy you know like some
boys like they're growing up so like
like disgusting nowadays all right like
that like come on now have some respect
for women women are not just sex objects
which you could just be like send me
naked pictures of yourself like that's
not a normal thing I said that to a
random woman in the street she would
slap my face that really hurt
yeah so if there's any kids watching do
not send nudes of each other
all right especially if you're under the
age of 18 all right it's illegal all
right if you're an adult all right fair
enough all right do it with someone if
you want to send pictures of each other
you know I would I think would be best
if you guys were in a relationship all
right and you you trust the person you
know but yeah don't be don't be stupid
all right don't be taken advantage of
all right guys watching is called people
made fun of my body in a bikini and like
just just to bring the title of this
video pisses me off okay why would you
make fun out of anyone's body shape you
know like like come on now we're all
insecure about something all right so
why would you point like someone
shortcomings out you know just like like
I don't care what anyone else's body
looks like so so why would you make
someone else feel bad you know that's
such a horrible thing why would people
do that let's watch this animation and
find out I haven't been okay with my
body oh I had stretch marks on me well I
still do I was super skinny and then I
did a lot of way and I just have stretch
marks everywhere Oh oh that's so sad
yeah yeah that happened to me actually
like I was super skinny then I went
super fat and then that kind of lost way
again look you can even see some of my
stretch stretch marks on my arms you
know it's quite quite visible yeah yeah
having stretch box it's like I've never
been ashamed of it you know because you
know it's just marks on my body I don't
really care you know but yeah for a
woman you know like I can imagine it
being quite different you know and yeah
people insecure about different things
you know my friends drove somewhere and
it went with them I was like oh my god
where you guys go where you going
oh we're going to beat
charleston/mattoon towel I don't know if
were cool my friend
it was like down cuz they buy some at
the store we came back and so you can
shoot something Malina in the Sun and
we're like oh you didn't buy me first
oh yeah we totally did also through a
bathing suit Tina and then she threw
when it means I wanted it was a super
tiny bikini no I was already very
insecure about my butt oh I was like oh
you know what you guys I don't want to
swim and I had to lie that I was on my
period I should say it was a cape and
say they bought me know I went into the
store girl put it on I'm just itching at
the stretch marks I just think no God
won't make any zoom so I just covered
myself with the towel I put it over my
shoulders all my friend was like oh my
god just take off the towel in shame so
I took off the towel oh and this girl
from high school came in her name was
peaches oh my god you are disgusting I'm
not going to water so my friend pushed
her into someone like that I'm be like
you you're ugly look at your body hell
you can't go in the sale okay I don't
know anyone that would be like that okay
and if I did see that that's what I
would be pushing them into the sand okay
oh the kitchen see I came and pushed it
aside because I said Anna is like
screaming and crying and everything the
boys came over to see what was going on
and they just looked at me and then
looked at Trina then looks like peaches
on the floor and daring at me staring at
my thighs and I was just oh my gosh this
door and I put my clothes back on
oh and I came back out Trina was outside
the booth so that today you want to take
your room
I was like yeah so she just took what
happened she's like don't worry you do
what you want to do and you be
comfortable in what you're comfortable
in perfect for anybody and now I'm
comfortable with my stretch marks
and I don't go around range short shorts
or short dresses or skirts I wear what's
comfortable and I'm happy birthday oh
she's just happy and comfortable in her
own body like she should be man and she
definitely shouldn't be reminded that
she shouldn't feel like that oh my
goodness yeah don't do anything that you
don't want to do and especially don't
make anyone else feel horrible like that
man even lost people out in the world
don't you think guys man I swear to God
I would like to think that every single
person watching this video right now
would never do something like that okay
I would like to think that but then
again I could be wrong but you know
let's just move on okay this next
animation that we're gonna be watching
is called dating disaster all right now
dang apps are meant for people who you
know over the age of 18 okay and yet
don't you think is kind of weird
you know that you know some kids could
just you know use those dating apps if
they wanted to you know I find that kind
of weird let's just watch this video so
it was break time at school and beyond
my friends we were just like chatting
you know girls chance my friend Java
just walks to us she just said oh my god
girls girls check the school app is an
online dating app she was like oh my god
we can find boyfriends did I just talk
Java oh my god Java it says here 18:13
also did some hot growing up guys no no
no way that's that's kind of okay I'm
guessing she was just like joking
because she's obviously not gonna date
someone hold up but she also did some
hot growing up guys yeah and I was like
oh my god that's so gross you can do
whatever you want this is our chance to
be awesome cool girls or some cool girls
you know that if you date guys who are
like bigger than you Oh awesome I just
kept sinking and kept thinking and I was
like maybe there's my chance we can't be
the popular crew at the school let's do
this
okay yeah I hope there's no girls that
thing like that you know that they have
to be with an older guy just so they can
be popular at school first don't be the
popular school who gives a shit all
right
you're in school for like a couple of
years of your life all right then you
got the rest of your life you know big
pop let's go it does not not not that
important and yeah especially don't get
no bloody older guy just the beep that's
disgusting
okay all the guys all right they take a
bunch of your I stay away from all the
guys all right they're weird and creepy
don't know so we just made a fake
account like of a girl named Rebecca
from the internet girl and then you just
wait like five days and then there was a
lots of guys wanted to date one his name
was Chris I he was really looking good
really felt a little comfortable this
board I know this guy thinks that he's
got a date with some girl at texting up
what he's talking to a bunch of kids man
can we get arrested peace in the
comments for Chris or I rest in peace
Chris all right thought he was gonna get
laid and all he's just been playing
around and catfished by some little
girls all right geez man so my friend
started talking to Chris my you and 18
years old and because our dating they
just talking the talk when Chris asked
Java who is Rebecca oh they can go on a
date that she's like like what is that
we are freaking little kick right so
yeah oh my god you're totally right dawg
just text Chris and she's like I'm sorry
but I just can't come
I'm really busy okay so the next day the
police job us house and I was like
wondering what school I walk to jobless
house and she just said that Chris guy
just it's harder to fixing her like read
text messages like I'll come for you if
you don't go on a date with you and I
was like girl we should have not did
this a little just being honest with my
mom and told her what we did and she was
like oh my god write it no TV no no iPad
no I deserved this yeah you kind of do
ah man yeah poor guy you know I'm glad
like like there's some weird guys out
there unlike these dating apps okay and
this guy you know he took he took
rejection so bad to the point where he
could he called the police on this woman
okay that's I I kind of feel like that's
not believable thing you know but maybe
it is who knows
children nowadays you know they're
rushing too much to grow up you know
like when you're a child is the only
time where you should be a child you
know enjoy it you know just enjoy
yourself being a kid all right
being an adult it sounds cool you know
when you're growing up but it's hella
stressful okay trust me on that all
right this next story booth animation
that we're gonna be watching is caught I
cut myself
and I wish I never started man like
these stories about like self harm they
annoy me so much because it's just so
hot sad to hear that there's some people
out there that like you know like have
to go through these sort of things you
know please please please do not harm
yourself at any possible way you know it
is doing way more harm than it is good
okay let's watch this video if I could
go back in time and tell my younger self
one thing it would be to never start
cutting myself oh when I was in my
second year of high school and the
stresses that were put on me to succeed
and get certain grades in all my classes
Oh to me don't go home I was never a
great student I was never good at tests
I was a student at best myself for the
first time I kind of thought hey this
works I don't feel awful anymore
didn't realize how hard it would be to
keep them covered all the time if
somebody saw them I would just say like
my cat scratched me or something like
that
no no got really hard during gym class
self-harm is an addiction once you start
it's nearly impossible to stop it's been
almost 10 years since I've started it
still happening oh if something goes
wrong at work or if I fail a test
cutting myself is the very first thing
no alms to mind and that's a very scary
thing to realize in the face a few years
ago my parents found out what I was
doing my mom yelled at me saying that
she didn't bring me into this world for
me to cut myself up hearing that kind of
made me face myself and realize like
what I was doing is not only harmful for
me but harmful for everyone around me oh
my god that's so sad see this is the
kind of thing that I'm talking about you
know like like you felt the pressure on
your grades from your parents or any any
any reason you know like why I can't
keep up in school but like at the end of
the day your parents like they don't
want you to be hurt in yourself like
imagine if you told that to your parents
you know like that's the worst thing for
a parent to hear you know that that like
like do not put your parents do that you
know that that's that's mean and
horrible man I've always been ashamed of
this harmful habit oh you know what I'm
doing my best to get better and stop
it's just difficult when the smallest
thing can land you right back into that
headspace
know I still have the scars and looking
at them is very painful but scars fade
eventually I may not be able to fully
fix myself right now but I'm trying good
and I want to at least help those around
me who are suffering if you're ever
thinking or considering doing a
self-harm don't please don't leave it's
a slippery dangerous slowly you do not
want to go down or go down please talk
to someone your loved one yes get help
just don't don't start yes just don't
start oh my god that's horrible Jesus
Christ are these stories there's such
heartbreak for me okay because it's like
the saddest thing ever for me to imagine
this poor poor girl you know what a what
a sad sad story man yeah please do not
even start it you know
like it's it's horrible like even the
thought of it makes me like cringe and
it makes me feel so sad you know like
I'm sure like 99.9% of you guys wouldn't
ever even think about doing something
like this you know but you know for the
people out there who are going through
hardships in their life you know like it
does pass you know these bad bad things
you have that you have to stay strong
for yourself
you know like you know I've said this
before in previous videos you know life
will try and knock you down you know you
need to keep getting back up you know
like do not take the easy route you know
and give up and do so and do stuff like
that you know it's not good alright now
it's time for our last story booth
animation that we're probably gonna do
forever all right but this animation is
called I was scared of the man sitting
next to me on an aeroplane it looks like
it you know and you know I hate people
that discriminate you know just by
looking at someone you know but you know
like the media is just so messed up
nowadays to the point where you know you
read some bad things about some bad
people and you will automatically assume
that everyone in the world is like that
you know it's that it's like with that
with like terrorism you know it's like
that with religion you know like people
are will always be people you know and
not everyone is an evil evil person okay
but yeah let's just watch this video a
couple years ago I was on a flight by
myself
I was very quietly in my chair relaxing
before takeoff just reading a book and
suddenly a man just appeared next to me
secure without saying hello without
acknowledging me without looking at me
even that man was probably in his
mid-40s he had a long dark beard and as
the flight attendants prepared the plane
to take off the man started mumbling to
himself in Arabic he was shaking and
sweating profusely sitting in his chair
alone began its takeoff and the man
started
mumbling to himself stronger and
stronger who sings to him completely
terrified I didn't know what the hell to
do with myself all I could think about
was just to focus on my creepy five
breathe Bell the only thing I could do
to not lose my mind but as I was
focusing on my breath I suddenly noticed
on my lap the book that I was reading
beforehand
oh one specific line that I marked for
myself to read okay
fear is present in us we bring awareness
to it we smile to it and call it by it's
true we do I noticed that the man that
was sitting next to me I was looking
over at the book that I was holding in
my hands without thinking twice I
offered it to him I just said it's a
great book that rich took the book in
his hands looked over at me and asked me
what's it about and I answered it's
about peace look at the book rid of the
little bit and then looked back at me
and asked me where are you from and
although I was still scared I took a
deep breath and he looked back at him
and said I'm from Israel for a moment
but then he said that the media in his
country portrays Israelis as evil people
oh here we are the both of us sharing a
book about peace we both smiled in
relief and before I knew it this man
that was a complete terrifying stranger
to me ten minutes ago was sharing with
me pictures of his whole menace even one
very very personal fact about him he was
afraid of flying Oh 12 years old sitting
in my living room and watching the live
broadcast of the airplanes hitting the
World Trade Center at 9/11 I remember
how much fear I felt from uncertainty
from not knowing who did this and I
remember the newspapers that follow that
day that were filmed with pictures of
men that looked exactly like that man
that sat next to me on the airplane our
real power as human beings is our
ability to become mindful in a situation
and to see the whole picture to
acknowledge the fear that runs us from
the inside and to choose to act
differently when we can so maybe we can
take the 15th anniversary of 9/11
reminder to ourselves that change has to
begin with us and that we have so much
power because we are truly truly in this
together oh that's nice story yeah yeah
yeah see this is a knowing thing that
annoys me about some people you know
it's like some people will look at some
people and like instantly just just by
looking at like the person that they can
see they will discriminate in their
heads you know and like it's is it it's
it's a shame but you know this is why we
need to be very cautious or the sort of
media that we sort of intake you know
like do not grow up thinking that the
world is exactly like you're told you
know we live in such a progressive world
of the internet you know where you have
like a bun like bundles of information
at your disposal you know so yeah be
very wary of the stuff that you hear
online you know like I've been to Israel
you know and it's a beautiful place you
know and there's some people out there
that will think that it's a horrible
place you know because of the stuff that
they've read the stuff that they've
heard the stuff that they've thought
seen you know and I think like it's very
important for you to sort of make your
own judgment and you know do not
discriminate people for who they are you
know like like people will always be
people you know like I don't believe in
something called borders or countries
you know like we we live in the world
that we live in by luck you know like I
didn't choose to be brought up in in the
UK and like I would definitely never
discriminate someone for for where they
grew up you know
and where they were born because they
had no say in it either so yeah just be
very cautious of like the stuff that you
hear online about certain people and
certain religions and certainly you know
countries you know yet do your own
research and don't be a bigot okay so
yeah just be friendly to people you know
most people in this world are good
hearted people you know and do not
assume that if someone is before you've
met them okay ladies gentlemen man I
felt like I've done so much talking in
this god damn video but I hope you guys
did enjoy all right leave a like if you
did all right I'm not gonna do any more
story booth animations videos I know I
keep saying that but like now like I
feel like I've done every type of video
that they've done and I am so excited to
show you guys my story booth animation
all right so it's currently being worked
on and currently being animated I am so
excited you guys are gonna love it so so
so much and yet leave a like if you're
excited for that alright guys so see you
later I hope you guys enjoy thank you
guys so much for staying to the end you
know I really do appreciate it you know
this series has been amazing because it
allowed me to sort of show like my
personal side you know my give my
personal feelings about some things you
know and I think that's why these videos
make such great reaction content because
I get because it allows me to sort of
talk about serious topics for a second
you know and you know I genuinely do
feel like these videos like helped a lot
of kids out there you know and you know
like that's why I love reacting to it
because I do feel like you know I'm
helping out the world a little bit more
anyway guys I'm rambling so much I am so
sorry thank you guys so much for
watching I'll see in the next video
buh-bye
