one how is everyone doing I'm doing good
thanks for asking
today we're back with the fire with the
beautiful game of the fuck Falls I'm so
happy to be back playing this game I
took I took a week break from this game
man you get my shit together man
so we are back at my house mr. Patel
have you been taking care of my house
yep
steroids creepiest ever creation so last
episode we upgraded our house and it
looks like a shake I'm not gonna lie it
was shit all and now it's like a service
Chateau but ladies gentlemen I have been
doing something I've been saving my
rupees I have saved a whopping 3
so you're probably asking me Brad what
the bloody hell are you going to do
three million rupees you Richmond
go spend it have fun I'm gonna do is
gonna be growing all the drunk on the
price to people oh Jesus look at all
these drugs growing in my garden I'm
such a lucky boy the counter drugs I'm
gonna need it as you can tell it works
too are drugs
picking out the drugs so guys what we
are going to do now is we are not gonna
go hunting just yet I'm beginning some
comments people bla Brandon oh you do is
hunt okay do something else so we are
gonna try out some of the other missions
that are in the game you know there's
not as good as the hunting missions in
my opinions but we're gonna try and do
some anyway now what mission should we
do first
my life is over I can't go on without my
beloved
I'm sorry that's terrible
Oh
what the bloody shit is this man died
only view honey badges what the bloody
hell oh my gosh this is Sabiha I've
never actually seen one of these before
hello PS are you doing this it was at
this moment Brandon knew he fucked up
bloody bees now I've seen everything
do this again he's broken up ah what is
that shit actually pretty easy
pussies your pussy look I said your life
this time Sanjeev are you proud of me so
I'm just gonna shoot you in the face you
didn't punish it go die and I'm going to
shoot you in the face all my cousins are
here oh no just been done don't do it
okay let's duel okay how about you piss
off for Gary bitches I'm here what are
the missions two guys want me to do okay
next we're gonna do a hostage rescue
mission our family have been accused of
hiding that one's for the golden van and
taken hostage if no weapons are found no
royal army will execute them are found a
fate worse than death of vegetable shit
let's do this shit oh my goodness look
at my cousins what are you doing in the
face what's your problem man okay so if
I do this quick maybe they won't even
support me okay so what your buddy oh
shit
I saved you all I know say you off me
you're welcome not not going to say
anything
no you just gonna run away you
ungrateful
that's how I like my women eh all tied
up okay thank you guys it seems like
you're safe now I'm going to go these
guys I'll see you later guys
so welcome so what we are going to do
now
ladies gentlemen we are going to do the
fourth fortress okay we've done the
first three okay they've been very hard
that's the third one wasn't that hard
but they've all been quite challenging
and we're gonna do the last witches damn
it wolves are the new dolls
god damn it what is wit wolves in this
game ok guys we are here the last
fortress called Raj God goal line let's
do this ok so I want to try and do this
completely stealth all right that hasn't
that has a bit easy in the past I'm not
gonna lie ok what I'm gonna do first is
I'm going to shit on the snipers like
shit shit shoes I got you ok ok I'm
gonna get this time to get this guy
someone sign me up to an LG okay guys
it's the moment of truth the moment
we've all been waiting for
we have gone through every croctopus'
item in the game the weapon holster
don't worry
the loser is fun more the level for
explosive so guys you're probably
wondering what animal do we have to kill
for the explosive bag and guys I'm so
sorry I didn't want to ruin the episode
but I should have told you guys earlier
but they captured Alan
I've got they've captured Ellen and
they've been feeding her drugs and now
she's gone crazy
and now and now mr. chin phone wants me
to hunt Ellen because she's gone bad but
I have to do it we only need one more
thing done
a local tragedy into a bold fashion
statement thick-skinned the elephant the
elephant has fallen ill to a rare
disease which brings madness and
ultimately death
and we gonna do this Oh No what's that
noise you just kept on that what are you
doing I love it what what ha ha no stop
it
No
oh no oh shit oh shit ha ha ha ha okay
she killed me god damn it
stupid girl
I'm sorry
then a scanner we did it we did it so
guys we can now crowd a level full
explosive back
fresh thin piece and as rest in peace so
guys I'm gonna end the video here this
has been the last travel video that this
series has been the most fun and the
most fun to make the most fun to upload
just watch you guys reaction thank you
guys so much for just watching this
series it's been so much fun it's not
gonna be the end of bar crap oh no
because you can't love it so much I'd
solved well okay so I'm thinking I might
start a far cry 4 Matt edits a series
where basically I can play like a whole
load of Matt's I can basically break the
game oh I could just mess around you
know so I'll ask you guys do you guys
want to see that you know that would be
pretty fun I can imagine it now and I've
got some pretty cool ideas but yeah it's
not gonna be the end of far cry 4 so
don't bother your little faces okay I
love this game so much and the fact that
you guys loved watching me play it just
made me love it even more but anyway
guys thank you guys so much for watching
and I'll see you in a goddamn next video
man see later guys
love you
papa
