everyone how is everyone doing on this
beautiful day today we are trying
something different we are playing
LittleBigPlanet 3
look I'm playing a sad boy run to the
right run to the left
run to the right now I wasn't gonna make
a video of this game because I don't
know I don't know if I could make it
work but guys this has to be one of the
best games are played on the ps4 it's so
good and it's all fun the look aside boy
he was so cute look at him sack boy do
you eat ass yeah of course I eat has
brought it what kind of shape boy to
take before if you if you moved the
controller up and down he moves his head
like how cool is that
like look at this game it is absolutely
awesome so what we're going to do in
today's video guys is basically I have
completed the game but there's a couple
of levels I haven't done yet and there's
also a community section where basically
you can build levels for me to try out
and I don't even explain what this game
is it's like a it's like a platform a
puzzle game it's just so much fun yeah
you can create levels in the community
but I'll check them out i knitted yeah
yeah yeah all I did it and they're not
great yeah all right but the levels in
the story mode are just amazing this is
the first set of levels okay now as you
can see there's three a padlocks over
there which I haven't tried out and two
of them I'm gonna do in today's episode
I can't do one of them because inform
people and
find our many friends here we are baby
we're in the world of the
LittleBigPlanet 3 's now first things
first we're gonna have to customize that
character he's living kind of naked
isn't he so I've got a couple of outfits
are not from completing the story here
we got a pretty girl oh so pretty I can
move my arms as well haha dang dang dang
dang dang Johnny jump on it jump on it
you can also change your facial
expressions on your little sad person
look ok so now we're gonna make it Angry
points right do not text me back I don't
know what the hell that boy do it okay
do I look at my face right now
do I look impressed by the girl I'm
telling you got my manners cheated my
man has cheated I'm so angry over here
we go the cricket person oh I do say so
it's an ugly day for the crickets oh yes
it is
Oh God let you play me a bloody game of
cricket so yes I oh yes what are you
doing
ah this gameis is so cute I love this
game so much it's okay
and so awesome yes it is oh yes it is it
bloody well is it is I am yes sure it
oh who loaded okay enough messing around
come on Brandon now here is my favorite
costume it delicious Red Riding Hood
costume
she's so cute no get up she's so cute
yeah yeah swing a note off yeah yeah
swing those arms oh yeah yeah oh yeah
Swain let us oh yeah
smooching oh yeah I can't even make it
look scared I'm just gonna go No oh no
I'm so scared look at me Brandon's
freaking me out
I know what Bradley to play with me oh
no he's gonna make a hole buddy up with
me this game is just so cute look ha ha
ha look at the face it's so scared I can
even make you look sad as well okay I'm
gonna make it look happy so happy yeah
throw your arms in the air throw your
arms in the air yeah throw your arms in
a game go wee arms in a yeah yeah okay
so the awesome thing about
LittleBigPlanet 3 is that they have
added new characters okay so now I made
sweet I'm gonna show you when the
countess there is a counter he's like a
little donkey he runs around jumping
everywhere they come in go back up here
whoa whoa look at him jump is so hot
goddamnit this little bugger
okay let's customize this character okay
so I've only got a couple of costumes
over here we got a little bit of horses
it's a little horton nutter papa
how's everyone doing today I'm a horse
and you know what it is being a horse
and horses way to buy for someone riding
me so much washing me anyone know it's
not before yes but that's not the
costume we're going to be playing as
guys we're gonna be playing as you saw
it the puck look at it it so cute I just
saw a tub where your hands in the air
yeah wave them like you just don't care
yeah yeah I so I really need to stop
messing around guys so there's two
levels that I haven't done and I think
one of us up here
go on donkey come on chop up your
goddamn it alright run up yup yeah okay
so I guess we're gonna do the level with
this girl okay shut up
I'll do your level goddamnit I'll put
you through your pace
come on in to the water or the challenge
room back in the side of hook want to
prove me wrong
uh yeah dude or else it's back to the
locker room with you okay just go go
south alright so what I have to do uh
okay oh oh no it's one load time ciao
times these are crap account gonna show
my skills of being a dog but don't be
jump man
this dog is so agile get on the bubble
now do this one oh crap oh oh oh oh god
oh god damn it this is so fast I know
the time challenge thing okay I'm doing
pretty well
look at me this game so much fun I love
it so much this is definitely one of my
favorite games on the ps4 man if you
haven't if you've got a pitch war and
you haven't buy this book you've got
this game just buy it man it's just a
bit the best thing you won't regret it
man you won't regret it at all
okay go oh okay No
yes I'm gonna do yes all right huh oh no
uh-uh yes I'm good oh but it Mack this
is sick okay jump up here to there to
here to me see you here today
jump down here all the head of this drop
sit down I wanna do it again okay so
let's see my score 24,000 come on now I
did that I did that brilliantly okay
that level was it probably the best way
to show it
okay so there's two more characters they
are added in the game all right so
that's what I'm gonna do now I'm going
to show you the other two so here's the
second set of levels and now I think I
haven't done through these either say we
are baby look at me I'm just so cute so
happy so under the fact that the third
character is a counter called toggle and
here he is oh he's a Newton
fragile-looking tracking had too many
cupcakes Walken allows hello sir how you
doing don't mind me I'm just being a
fatty yeah so the cool thing about Todd
role is that he can change so you can
turn into a big guy or it could turn
into a small guy look at him like hey
what's up okay so let's see what
costumes are unlocked god damn head you
sing so cute look at him he is such a
pretty I'm such a pretty girl
look at me I'm so pretty oh now I'm an
Akron it'll go what does my daddy not
love me okay so we gonna call costume oh
my goodness aha
look at me a leg so adorable oh no
there's a crowd going out oh no what do
i do what do i do don't you help me
adorable this game is so cute these
games designed for like three-year-olds
and I'm playing but that's why I love it
though because even though I'm like 19 I
still love this game it's just so funny
I'm an agricultural big cup little cub
big cup
one other cost use of a gun over here we
got a cowboy on the cowboy yeah there's
a new sheriff in town and his name is
toggle yes it is oh yes it is
ah I'm a cowboy where's a little what
does it look like look at this little
turn this is so adorable
I'm gonna get you so adorable
there's ah ha this is so cute I love
this guy so much
Oh would you like to help a librarian in
distress hello my friend
the way this Gauchos hilarious okay so
we found a level that we are we haven't
done which is good besides me do you
have any experience dealing with this
bloody Russian librarian okay so how can
we see Lena hidden together we can visit
our precious books into soggy mess hey
don't rain soon there will be nothing
left of our beautiful history oh no
every switch in the archive must be
triggered to drain the water and save
precious books or can miss the manor is
running out
oh crap oh no it's a race it's a race
okay so what do I do
oh crap wait how do i flow uh with this
guy okay um now what no there's a button
uh-oh okay it's a bottle of that okay I
don't I don't do it grid under pressure
okay down here what oh no I died okay so
I go to here and then up don't though I
mean no why is this so hard this is a
children's game without failing at it
okay true here down here but uh through
here through here okay now Oh God didn't
even touch the glut out spice okay so
down here to throw up here to down there
alright and now I've done the switch now
go down here well so so the fat guy
sinks and the skillet the small little
guy floats on water
so that's pretty cool all right so don't
touch the spikes now bread it no okay
okay
okay down here through up here get them
get the balls now get the balls again oh
no no all right down here oh no no now
what is so much
not for goodness sake come on wait do I
just jump oh I just jump ha ha god
dammit why can you take me the earlier
okay now mouth tap it
alright yeah I did it ah down and jump
okay chop okay chop chop oh okay I do
you nut with a switch alright so we go
through here
oh I do here all right shake it did it
okay so go down here
all right now switch it a little person
oh I was supposed to press that button
oh okay mother all that history washed
away oh no miss only numbers cannot be
expressed clearly you stupid girl
god damn it alright so my scores
probably not gonna be that way for that
Oh what dozen what I drew is that good
No
24000 god damnit why this why's everyone
better than me
this is high school all over again so
finally I'm gonna show you guys the last
character so happy here so the last
character is acutely new body and by the
name of Swisher pieces so adorable
liquid they leave your body oh yeah I'm
a bad I'm a bad I'm a bad
oh look at the big scared oh no I got
the Hirogen swoops the last card you
unlock so I don't think I've got that
many
costumes for what costumes about God
I've got a stunt bird on the come let's
go much swag it's got yeah yeah this is
what I like I said it ha him in a hot
bath don't wanna stuff with a bang bang
booty hole Oh screw the other backbase
booty butt oh and I've also got an eagle
oh look at that that's adorable
okay I'm gonna play is the goddamn
swaggy bud yeah look at all my swag this
birds gone
now there's one level I haven't done in
this so yeah let's try and find out oh
here we go
our citizens require your aid in our
fast approaching battle oh gosh trained
for this great clash people's army who
will stop mutants advanced will you join
us
I'll enjoy young but first the rest of
your skill okay
people zombie demands a score of five
five thousand points to five thousand
points I got two thousand points last
day last time alright so we have to do a
good damn challenge it's gonna be
another race again god damn it alright
here we go
mutants minions are attacking the town
okay it's laser into blasting his ass la
alright so we have to get this stupid
little thing to shoot the these things
okay
alright come on come over here on are
their enemies no no no okay I got it yay
come on my name is Jeff my name is Jeff
and you make sure I get 50 points every
single one this is gonna take me forever
what you want $5,000 9 day you ever
gonna say what I got 150 points be big
serious he wants 5,000 are you mad ok
guys I'm gonna end the video here now
this is probably not the normal game I
would play on the channel but I just
wanted to show you guys this game is so
so so awesome I probably won't do any
more videos on there unless you guys
want me to I know there's community
levels if we go play over here there's
community levels over here where they've
made some awesome stuff like I saw
earlier there was like an uncharted
level
that was the last of us level like I
guess I could do that in another video
but I leave it up to you but seriously
guys this game is my favorite on the
PlayStation 4 if you have a Playstation
4 go out and buy this game it's just
fantastic my game of the year for the
PlayStation 4 definitely 100% but anyway
guys I would thank you so much for
watching let me know if you want to see
more if you don't that's fine too you
know I still want to just show you the
game but yeah I think so what you cannot
see you in the goddamn next video thank
you so much for watching I love you bye
bye now
