everyone how is everyone doing
my name is mess yourself and today I am
probably going to be doing the stupidest
thing ever
so a couple of videos ago I made a video
on five nights at Freddy's 2 and I said
if we reach 10,000 likes I'll do another
one and I thought we never would hit it
but 40,000 40,000 what the hell is wrong
with you guys all you want to see is me
get scared so um I tried to do it again
and to be honest guys I think finally
that scares second time it's funny you
don't find out my scary after you tried
more than once so I thought to myself
how could I make it scary again and I
thought the only way for me to make it
scary is for me to actually be inside
the game and I was thinking but I can't
do that because there is no pizzeria
anywhere around here but I've got the
next best thing I got the oculus rift
hasn't even started yet it up tender
here achievers pumpkin oh my goodness no
way okay okay um why is this going so
much for stereo I forgot to have to play
I've forgotten how to play a butterfly
calm down calm down calm down calm down
Brandon Oh door the chickens still there
Freddy's over there and the bunny is
still over there good enough mister oh
my goodness this looks like I've got the
mosque on this looks so realistic okay
there is no way I'm gonna survive this
you guys always complain how much of a
pussy I am but you guys have no idea the
oculus rift makes things like a million
times more scary
oh no the bunny's gone no no no he's
actually like lost time okay calm down
calm down
just kill me just kill me I don't even
know where the fun is
okay oh no oh my goodness oh my goodness
it's right it bother me
I'm Derek reminded why I didn't make a
posture the chickens right in front of
me the chickens right father made ah
guys guys this is justice
this is this is not normal no man or
woman should go through this torment
back bunny Oh slipping slipping a
chapeau sure lipping suppose the chicken
to the boat oh my goodness on my paper
load baby load okay okay okay okay okay
all right all right all right okay I got
it I got either this one for someone who
hasn't played it in like a month I've
sure got to hang me yes sorry oh my
goodness babies are okay okay okay okay
okay
Freddie please don't be a piker please
don't
you're my favorite okay ready
who's in the bank who's in the bank
who's an event who's an event Wow guys
you have no idea how much scarier that
is I couldn't even do day two in my
regular let's play there is no way I'm
gonna do it with the oculus rift okay
bring on the second night
this is horrible it gives me the
heebie-jeebies how praise a load our
baby louder Jesus okay the music kicked
in later gentlemen the music is kicked
in holy no no no no no no no please
please please please please please
please not the broken ones not the
private ones I just wanna get my ID your
dollars I just want to go to the club
please go away
please go away please go oh oh wait did
they run away how are you right away
someone's in offense but I don't know
who I'm okay okay guys I doubt the game
haha god damn it oh for goodness sake
you want to start again no I have to
start again okay it's not that bad guys
I'm kidding okay
I'm clearly kidding this is the worst
thing ever oh my goodness someone's in a
bad surprise the loud baby loud ow Oh
chickens gone the chickens gone okay Oh
shit there should be should be should be
should be should be should the shit day
I saw the little boy in the back what do
I do what I do
oh god I didn't know oh that's the first
time I got rid of that shit shit no okay
okay okay it's gone he's gone why so
much shit happening dammit I got down
again I broke my head shot
I broke my head said no oh god dammit
why the chickens oh it's only 1:00 a.m.
there it's not right now I'm doing this
shit there's no way I'm doing this
Freddie Freddie plane so me Freddie
okay okay okay okay this is good yes
Freddy's still there I've got in it mum
overhead noises oh shit shit shit
wind it up ha ba ba ba ba ha ha alright
singing helps sing along with me guys
okay good oh okay it's where was i
singing everyone name your favorite song
and I'll start singing it guys I can't
hear you why can't I hear you okay the
tickets at the chicken okay okay I
prefer the chicken the chicken kind of
looks kind of cute I'm not gonna lie but
the rest of them I don't like oh shit
okay hanger this come on guys it's
actually kind of easy out with the
oculus rift oh no now not you you are
the one you are though oh gods is
happening oh I'm sorry guys I'm not I'm
not no not do anymore okay let's get
these getting straight guys this oculus
rift alright
it's not meant for horror games okay
it's in the goddamn game alright it's
not it's it's you your clothing your
pussy I know you are but it's so much
scary it's like you are in the game like
there's horror games I could take horror
games okay but when you're inside the
horror game that's that's just too far
man sorry
I'm Adam a terrible experience what
experts in my life thanks for blowing
apart through okay
you got to good that part too now don't
ask for a part three
thanks for watching I'll see you in the
next video
bah bah
