everyone how is everyone doing today we
are it's Christmas Christmas you have to
ruin a crisp okay the car explodes I
think he's dead now Jesus Christ
there isn't one second where I can't
look down do my stupid intros mother job
indeed this has to be the best intro
ever I have a lot planned for today I'm
so glad to be playing this game back
again finally so first things first
under in East but secondly I want to
show you a cool little gun that I are
now I haven't used this or tried it out
yet because I wanted to do it in YouTube
videos this big thing I'm carrying
around hello sir
now I'm really sorry but there's no
enemies anywhere and I have to try out
my harpoon gun I'm really sorry about
this no I'm sorry I'm sorry
oh wow that's amazing
so today ladies and gentlemen we aren't
gonna be crafting oh oh
larnice shit I have devoted today's
crafting episode completely to lapis
that god damn left what's up bloody
busted I want to cross a level three I'm
outside a level two explosive bag a
level three quit but I need the skin or
for clouded leopard three snow leopards
for more snow leopards and three more
clouded leopards it's a whole lot of
bloody leopards man ok so our first
target is the gore damage Snow Leopard
okay it's a bloody Snorri one okay it's
bloody snowing god damn it christmas is
coming up what is that what is that is
it relevant it looks like a bloody
leopard but I can't seek because the
Kota put on Jesus are in the way okay
I'm just going to pretend that is the
god damn leopard or shit how do I get
down from here
am I gonna die
what skating there's someone singing I
can eat someone singing who's singing
then I saw you singing
but uh supporting my friend oh look what
we've got here it's a bloody slow
leopard look at this goddamn leopard
gripping around no you're too goddamn
Leopard know your heart now we're gonna
have to sneak over any sudden movements
can get the leopard to come closer oh
shit
leopard leopard we're not going to hurt
me leopard are you Leopard no Jesus
Christ oh it just died with two arrows I
say that's easy but we stood up to kill
like two more so yeah yeah oh what have
we got over here ladies and gentlemen I
think it's another god damn leopard ah
should we try to kill this leopard with
the harpoon ship did a good I got it I
got it
okay Tommy squeeze them all gonna get
put out I'm gonna get one sneeze skinny
oh that's it ego it's gonna strip down
now oh shit such cheap crap is a bear
over there sir okay he's dead okay we're
gonna kill one more Snow Leopard okay
and then we're gonna move on to the
clouded leopards that it is the god damn
little shitty okay so I'm loving my
mistakes do not let them see me do not
let
okay enough messing around I'm saying at
the top who do you find sexy god dammit
Nepali and bitch look at you I don't
like you because your sunglasses are
shit
shut your goddamn face okay let's
gentlemen we can now cross eye level
three ammo bag yeah yeah we are not done
with leopards now ladies and gentlemen
because we have the granddaddy of them
all the shadow leopard I want a level
four come on back but I need to kill the
shadow Leopard what is even that thing I
don't know but we're going to find out
daddy
no Housewives of the Hani des I hunt
chard or leopard viola shadow leopard
for mr. Jim bombs gone all gasp okay
here we are laser data but what do you
have to kill the leopard with a god damn
and care for these never okay I'm going
to do some climbing going to climb
hopefully not climb oh my god damn it so
much climbing where is this lesson
hanging out surprise motherfucker okay
that wasn't the red one is this it oh no
would happen to you sir what is he doing
what a way to die oh shit there's a cave
guys he's in the cave no part I'll do it
for to hurt you
actually that's a liar I need to hurt
you for your skin bullshit master of
dough magic mushrooms kids
can you guys hear that
oh my god
I wasn't it durian let's get it
oh Jesus Christ we did it
good that was easy give me an ak-47 and
I will give you Wow and gentlemen
we could now cry oh god damn it god
bless everyone and everything right now
so guys I'm gonna end the video here I
want to thank everyone for watching this
episode fuck my boy it's been amazing we
do have a couple left or animals to kill
but anyway guys or thank you so much for
watching when we hit eight thousand
likes I will upload and next episode but
I think I got always thank you so much
watching I'll see you it's a god damn
next video of mine see you later guys
love you
