hey guys smash yourself here I'm
starting this video quite calmly because
I'm I keep getting comments telling me
that I'm too happy too excited too hyper
so I thought I'll just start this video
just calmly for once you know just
kidding everyone there's magic of it
back again reading some youtube comment
I'll trick the asana bitch hello
everyone
it measures over here back again Harper
as ever doing cocaine it hit so yeah
today we are back reading some more of
your YouTube comments you guys actually
loved last time I did it so you know
what I'm gonna keep this as a regular
thing I think I might do it once every
two weeks that seemed like enough time
for me to read enough comments just
before I start reading some comments so
I just want to be a bit serous and just
tell you guys like the support that I've
been getting for the past month has been
absolutely crazy like I've thought of
like changed my channels direction and I
was so scared on doing it but you guys
have just been showing me so so so much
support so I just want to thank everyone
who had just been awesome you've been
awesome ok so let's stop being all
choppy Brandon let's start reading some
youtube garments god damn you are Bonnie
not really or are you please do draw my
life but II pip I don't know anything
about your life mad bro why you mad bro
I'm easy
you said your mother well there is not
one video that doesn't make me love you
are the funniest youtuber out there I
love love love infinity love all your
video is keep it up now that's just that
one of the best comment ever thank you
so much Kelly
I love making YouTube videos man just
getting comments like this potato bar
don't cry Bryden it's not a time to cry
this video melting whoreson yeah go bold
ah what's the song at two minutes thirty
I don't know I showed my dog your videos
and he loved them a lot I think maybe I
should show my cat some of my youtube
videos okay so it's time to test to see
if my cats like my YouTube videos here's
rocky rocky um I've got a video of me
pays oculus rift you like me huh huh I'm
funny I know I'm funny huh say I'm funny
rocky sound funny why aren't you
laughing
rookie why aren't you laughing at me
look at this face he's just like come on
back I just wanna sleep what the hell's
wrong with you you think I'm funny right
I think I'm pretty funny huh take a
funny look enemies like what the hell
I'm seeing double over here we got
fighting over here we come back over
here and then we got Brandon over here
monkey like videos to you look at him
god damn it silly cat your videos are
better than pot what pot am I better
than this what am I better on this book
am I better than this what am i better
than this book on a way that that that's
a chair my sister said it all are too
much she will slap my head
into the bow what the hell Tristan says
you are so attractive whoa she thinks
I'm attractive
do you have Instagram s by the way I am
from Norway I actually do have a lot of
social network but not many people
actually follow me on them
I do have an Instagram where I do post a
lot of cool stuff that I get I don't
really use integrated much I think I
might use it more if I get more
followers on there I'll definitely use
it more I should also say though you
guys should definitely follow me on
Twitter because I my tweets okay they're
the funniest shit ever you guys are
missing out if you're not follow me on
Twitter like over here I posted a pretty
cool picture with me being a meme like
how cool is that we might you could put
that on your desktop background if you
could but if you you could you all
follow me on Twitter you missed out on
that shit okay over here posted a
picture of a cat inside of Lisa Brett
I'm too bunny man someone better put me
on a leash because I am too funny the
face you pull when Bay's sucking your
hearts I have to funny man Nadia says
I'm a chicken nugget yes you are Nadia
yes you are
so that later gentlemen is all of the
YouTube commenter I have picked out
randomly um I want to thank you guys so
much again we're just leaving me awesome
comments like most of the comments are
just absolutely so nice and I just want
to thank you guys again so much for the
support that I've received like I just
couldn't be happier like this right now
is like the most fun I've ever had on
YouTube and that's like the biggest
reason why I started it to have fun you
know and you guys it's all thanks to you
is why I'm having so much fun just the
support has been amazing but anyway guys
I'm gonna end up with your hair before I
start tearing up our thank you so much
for watching and I'll see you in a god
damn next with your man see you later
word respect
