my as the first I meant rose nearly
killed me hello everyone my name is
messed up that's right we are back with
the sims 4 ladies gentlemen look at
little poppy slut on his computer look
at him he's blainley what watching some
porn what are you doing on the computer
he's that dad is who oh god I'm gonna
dreaming about that ass anyway guys we
are back with the sims 4 over here we
got Sleeping Beauty slot with our final
episode we got pregnant look at the
little fatty resting her little Barbie
boo boo so last episode I asked you to
come up with some puppy names for the
upcoming baby that we're probably gonna
have in this episode I don't know how
long it takes to take up make a baby
uh-huh
so yeah I read through the comments and
yes you can you guys what the hell's
wrong with you you let me some weird ass
comments so it will be an episode
without reading some of your goddamn
ridiculous comments toilet name the baby
toilet
watch why would I name my baby toilet if
it's a girl Spidey's creep party if it's
a boy scrotie mcboogerballs
Pepa penis bird girl breaks really baby
also okay his name should be asked a
slaughter water name the baby shithead
but pronounce it shall feed name the
baby ebola i sure why not call the new
baby piece if it's a cow named at work
at okay if it's a boy named him chip
tequila and the baby monkey paw prints
oz chicks dig like me
okay that's enough of reading comments
so ladies and gentlemen i have decided i
saw a lot of people commenting this they
want me to call them McNugget qi8
in a dollar menu okay I think not it is
a good name for the child you know
because it will work for a boy or a girl
so the new baby is gonna cold it's gonna
be cold nugget nugget mix ludie yeah
yeah look at these two fine women
sleeping together that's so sweet
mama and daughter sleeping together we
also tried to do we tried to get baby
slut a little bit of a girlfriend and we
felt I couldn't get him a girlfriend no
matter how hard I tried but then guys I
realized something I went on to his
relationships and I saw that he
little bit of a crush on Justin Reeboks
and then I realized baby slut it's gang
war
so what we're gonna do now ladies and
gentlemen is we're gonna go on a date
with Justin Bieber okay but we first
have to ask him so we're gonna click ask
on date all right come on baby slut it's
the moment of truth click on Justin
Bieber oh wait I think that's a yes I
think that's a yes yes we go on a date
now where is Justin Bieber wanna go does
he want to go to the nightclub you know
what let's go to this new nightclub the
lion store ding last episode I actually
have him checked out
most of this stuff yet okay here we are
baby we're on a date with the sexy
Justin Bieber only baby slut big Z sexy
so isn't that right Justin look at him
he's like what did I accept this page oh
well baby suck are you going you're
running off Justin Bieber's down there
look how cool this place is dayum
there's even a bartender that what this
is not just any brand this is fat
Brandon that's another version of
Brandon living his holy light in The
Sims 4
look at it go so what probably happened
is that an old save of Brandon must've
given him a new life I don't remember
give purnam as a bartender though anyway
let's forget about that we were world of
gods update baby stuck while you're
doing a poopie - handing it off they
love each other then love buds man
oh my god it's giving me the option to
do a first kiss no way
Valley but on the day and I god damn it
Justin Bieber likes ugly ugly men I
didn't know that they complete then I'm
the golden mouth of metal legendary date
there is something special in your Sims
household inventory wait what wait what
okay baby select your date's over now
say goodbye to Justin Bieber okay you
had a good day
maybe later on we're gonna have like
Justin Bieber to the house isn't that
right Justin Bieber you've gone down a
little judge the Reeperbahn sluts
pregnancy going okay she's a poster pump
how's that baby
why is she laughing in a sleep why are
you laughing
I'm dominant you have a god damn bed why
you sleeping next your mother all the
goddamn time
okay slut come on wake up now oh my
goodness look how big slut is gone Jesus
Christ up she's like old god dammit this
baby's too big on my belly
we're not you bring the bed for Brandon
it gives me the option to whoo-hoo when
can I were slut even though she's
literally about to give birth
well will they allow me to do that okay
here we go he's gonna ask sluts about to
give birth to a little baby and brothers
like I don't care man I'm horny I want
what kind of impossible god damn it you
two are too kinky sons of bitches come
on guys
I know she's a slut but come on look how
big she's gone and look at her boobies
as well a god damn boobies are getting
massive as well Jesus criminy being up
there being that big don't I don't not
what are you doing what do you do it
you're just not you're bad but stupid to
the donut how many times I gotta tell
you this is not your goddamn bed get up
from here
ghostly join this bed you can have this
bed okay I don't care anymore
so apparently donut is a D student
goddamnit daughter what we gonna do with
you do your homework
apparently I've homework in my adventure
in bed tree look at that she's like what
the hell does this mean
oh are you done already what the hell
donut donut frozen what dough now you're
oh okay would she still frozen
right I think I broke donut oh okay okay
baby slut I want you to invite Justin
Bieber home with me cuz he's gonna get
some lovely tonight oh oh he'll be right
over
of course see where the goddamn burger
here is
here is Justin Bieber was he doing oh he
wants to dodge does he yeah look at
these two dads showing up Justin Bieber
with his mad skanky skills looking
through that blood Justin Bieber's off
goddamnit baby what's going on here oh
she does not want to have this baby she
does not wanna have this baby look how
sad it is oh my goodness up okay so
apparently if you want to go into labor
all you need to do is just click on the
basket and click have baby and
apparently it is that easy okay here we
go
Oh what's happening machine is gonna
have the baby standing up like that what
look at her face
oh my whiskers what's happening Oh guys
that's my game crust oh no I have the
name the baby okay note it mixed lot
eggs and black again pad I saw Sims roll
look at this got that elephant teddy
bear
look at this goddamn baby stupid little
nugget will this goddamn banana and
monkey um
t-shirt oh she's picked them up and put
it back down again okay guys I'm gonna
end the video here I'm not sure this
video came out it probably wasn't that
great compared to the rest of them so
basically guys today is gonna be a break
from this Sims 4 don't worry it's not
the end of the series but I'm gonna take
a little bit of break for it what is
Bradley doing he's running it he just
ran to the toilet but yeah honestly guys
I think I'm running out of ideas and I
think I've pretty much done all that I
wanted to do in this series it's been a
great series but I don't want to just
upload videos of me doing like I did
today I don't really do much today why
is he writing like that but yes so
basically guys I'm gonna take a break
from this series and I'm gonna come back
to it when there's some new TLC
apparently there's gonna be a deal see
this month I don't know why pants
running like that
apparently there's gonna be some new TLC
this month maybe there'll be some new
DLC next month I don't know if I find
some mods that I'll call or maybe I'll
make some videos on that but I don't
want to just make Sims videos that are
just like I don't know what to do in
them so
pretty gut you guys can understand that
and yeah this has been a great series
and it's not the end of it don't worry I
will upload some more in the future but
I'm just going to take a break because I
don't want this series to sort of get
boring alright guys so anyway I want to
thank you so much for watching and I'll
see you in the gut damn next video man
see you later guys
love you ba ba
