everyone how is everyone doing today we
are playing yet again the foie gras
fouls ladies and gentlemen we are back
in Nepal yeah
so apparently this that gay doesn't play
takes place in India it takes place in a
small over country corner pal
I thought the powers in India okay I
didn't know the power of the country
all right don't judge me hello ladies
how you do it cut devil look at these
fine
Nepali and bitches okay look at them
they're talking but I'm not listening
because I'm a man no okay I just want
you guys to look at this God John
beautiful view where we could see the
whole of the Nepal so this is in the
highest point in the game obviously but
I noticed there is a Paki right so place
your bets
do you think I could make it down there
with the bucket okay here we go
are you ready are you ready
who put that through that goddamn it
okay let's try this shit again 3y aha
okay let's not try to do that again okay
instead I'm just gonna jump on the
zipline this is the coolest thing ever
so we have a lot of stop - Croft ladies
and gentlemen I want to cross a level
three bullet and a level one explosive
bag but we need the skin of five rhinos
not just any rhinos Asian rhinos what is
that it's an eagle god damnit legal if
you think they're gonna come down here
and swoop me don't think about it don't
think about it don't go get down get
down there's two enemies or see us boy
two enemies oh crap there's my homie
dogs coming alone okay come on quick
quick we need to save the homie dogs
boom headshot bitch oh look at him go to
India well done my friends you're good
good Dean to have men you need a drink
your friend just died just know our poor
Jasmine quick get in the car you can
come along with you can come along with
us
oh okay Jasmine get in the car okay
you in the car now no okay screw you
Jasmine I've got shit to do piss off
come on crabby well how am I ever gonna
kill this guy
I have to kill it with a bow and arrow I
think my Cherie I think I'll damage his
skin where are you I can't seem to find
it you know what time it is ladies and
gentlemen it's time to do them good old
Indian drugs oh yeah that's a good shit
right there oh yeah
rod master√≠s I don't see you anywhere
hello right now sir worse oh yeah that's
a good coach okay Alfred she's so cute
loser loser dude who's she so happy to
see me how's the car coming
oh this rope is only big enough for me
and Anna isn't that right oh my girl
stop guys it's a rhinoceros okay guys I
have spotted the Asian rhino okay I'm
now on foot okay
I don't know how to approach this shit
okay if he spots me he will try and rush
me down and I think I'm gonna win that
battle okay maybe if I shoot an arrow at
him he won't know it's me okay he should
have noticed me boom okay I don't think
he noticed me I don't think he noticed
me no he doesn't he's running away what
the bloody pussy you guys know man look
at this goddamn pussy right now check
the house of god damn skin scary this
little pussy rhino doesn't even know
what to do with a bloody arrow in his
face oh shit
holy shit haha look at you you can't get
up be up from up here cuz I'm in Iraq
you can't get me you can get me you
little ride no shit job with a lot stop
running away from me it's making it
harder for me to kill you you bastard
I can't escape the girlfriend I'm just
gonna have to go for it oh that was easy
whoa yeah I'm not gonna move a patient
or what the hell what guys okay so we
can now cross our level one explosive by
yoga yeah yeah now unfortunately you
only get one skin / rhino I think so
that means I had to kill another two or
another for rhino for the wallet so
we're gonna forget about the wallet okay
I don't need it okay I've already got
too much money for me to handle okay I
don't need any more money so what I want
the crop next ladies and gentlemen is a
level 3 bit by and that level too heavy
I'm all fine but we need the skin or
before baskin oh oh my goodness oh my
goodness that was very quick I have
spotted the repair ok the Bears just
sitting here look at this goddamn bear
he does not give a shit oh my goodness
I'm not trying to hide
got it I got it
okay calm down everyone just calm down
with that's just one bad we need to kill
like two more
okay so I only got one skin for that so
that means I need to kill the next one
with a bow and arrow okay drugs you
never had any side effects don't give me
some now oh that's the good shit god
damn it I love drugs - drugs kids they
make you feel amazing
I feel amazing okay Suzy don't do drugs
kids
nice bears where are you play so let's
see any bears god damn it oh what's that
over there what's that over there oh my
goodness I found two bears what the hell
old crap has he seen me shit okay I
think you saw me I don't think so I mean
the how the hell am I gonna do this
okay maybe by sue him in his face he'll
go down with one shot that makes sense
right that makes sense that makes now we
should get to skin one basket two basket
so ladies and gentlemen we can now cross
a level three base bag and the level oh
we can unscrew it why are they lying to
me
we are fat less gentlemen as you may
have noticed things look a little bit
different because at the moment I'm now
playing on my PC basically long story
short I
I recorded like half an hour of shit and
I wasn't even recording so silly me
ha ha ha joke's on Brandon so anyway
let's just forget about it okay so
basically what I wanted to cross on my
ps4 version was a level 4 bit bad
ok but we need the skin of the rare
honey badger just get out there and kill
ghoul or the honey badger for mr. Jim
for okay are you really sure
are you magic are you might ha I think I
am a bit bad but I have to get the bed
back any last words
praise the Lord Jesus okay let's just
bloody do this god damn mission
gonna be I showed you how much of a
Boston honey badgers can be but this is
a rare one Jesus Christ
oh I'm fine now oh my goodness
oh my goodness look what they did to
this guy holy crap oh my goodness I'm
not looking forward to this okay
I have to kill the honey badger with an
LMG okay
the geese are gonna follow the blood
trail me by Joe oh my goodness
suppose no way okay that standard with
the honey badger I guess oh my god is he
killed a wolf this honey badgers brutal
you guys hear that
help me what why are you running
would you be help me you gonna just hit
that guy hello a badger what okay calm
down honey badger Jesus Christ I do
magic are down honey bunch I don't wanna
hurt ya oh shit okay you gon having me
honey
ah you can't hurt me honey badger you've
got it's not anybody's gonna kill me IRL
as well so maybe if I spend a lot less
time thinking how adorable it is and
actually trying to kill it maybe I'll
actually do this mission okay is the
little bastard come in come closer come
closer okay get ready for it
Jesus Christ how many bullets that take
civilian you are now free I saved your
life it's all right calm down calm down
calm down calm down
I said you like there there Sanjeev
number five there there it's okay it's
okay Shh it's okay
Sanjeev it's okay I got you I got you
the honey badger yeah yeah and craft or
level sport now o'clock because I'm not
at that stage just yet in this version
but I I did it under Pierce fall you
gotta believe we're though I did it so
what we're gonna do now ladies and
gentlemen is no we're not gonna do an
outpost we're gonna take it a step
further we're gonna try and take down a
fortress basically there are four
fortresses in the game one belonging to
regard your life another belonging to
right to Guardi and another belonging to
Raja Court and last but not least
another belonging to bog hard or today
ladies and gentlemen we're gonna try and
take down my heart to his fortress so
ladies and gentlemen we are here we are
at the fortress oh my goodness
fortresses are heavily defended outpost
with more troops and tougher defenses oh
look at this there's a cheeky snowball
pen I can't I take them out get ready
for it boom ha ha ha take that you
little bugger
now what I learned from last time is
that there's mines here so we need to
watch out for that get dug miles out of
our face come on now I'm smarter than
that biome get that shit out of my face
is that it for the mines I can't see
anymore mom
I can hear a mine
guys can you see a mine anywhere
so we can't just walk through the
entrance okay
so what I'm gonna do is I figured out
that there's a secret entrance round the
sides wait what's this this is another
area oh crap there's another area oh
Michael is on top of it I mean no this
was here I can grapple down this is some
mission impossible shit right here
oh crap there's enemies that bullshit
okay
let's not do the mission impossible shit
because it is mission impossible okay
there's a secret entrance
alright this leads me right behind their
fortress you will thought that I would
cover this shit up okay so we got two
enemies over there okay with my little
camera so be very sneaky sneaking out I
don't see anyone else there's a guy oh
he's a sniper oh there's another guy I
found another guy okay how am I ever
gonna do this holy shit on my tits okay
I'm gonna take this guy first okay I'm
gonna take him out I got him I got him I
got him I got him no one saw no one okay
we need to take out this guy next okay
I'm gonna shoot a terror in his face get
ready throat boom no one saw no one saw
ladies and gentlemen no one saw okay I
think there's some guys here as well the
character guy that there's a guy that is
anymore anymore anymore got decent head
I think this is the only one this is
going well this is going so well okay
we disabled one alarm we need two more
okay this is what I'm gonna do I'm gonna
quickly shoot these two because I don't
think I've unlocked the double jumpy
kill thing yet so I'm gonna have to be
really quick okay okay get ready get
ready
got him jump down just a bit alarms he
didn't see me yet oh crap he saw me
we did it okay now we need to kill the
safe just shot leaving me there I mean
just killed him I think they don't know
where I am okay but they're all round
here you're all round her come on come
on
sneaks sticks I'm gonna take out this
guy oh shit
'we did it we could good but i go go oh
my goodness i'm glad i play that shit
again because that went so much better
when I tried it on my other save so
ladies a diamond I'm gonna end the video
here I won't thank you so much for
watching
there is still a lot of rare animals for
us to kill that I've left the best to
loss do you don't want to miss it
so our that you guys so much as a
supporter series it's been totes amazed
when we hit 10,000 likes on upload the
next episode which you guys do in that
couple of days so you better watch out
for another far cry 4 episode in the
couple of days but anyway I will see you
in the next
god damn video of mine see you later
guys I love you
