hello everyone how is everyone doing on
this magical day today we are playing
the four crapples
les German we are back in glorious India
how is all of my Indian brothers and
sisters doing a lot of you guys were
like in the last episode actually banded
this game doesn't take place India it
does okay
it does take place in India okay they
say in the game okay the currency is
rupees which is the currency of India
and Oh watch it
why would they put this here Indian man
help me I would agree though they do not
look Indian at all how the hell is this
a bloody Indian what are you looking at
you're blocking out the Sun there's no
bloody Sun there you stupid boy can't
you see it's bloody nighttime what are
you doing man and such a day ladies and
gentlemen what we're gonna do is we're
gonna do a whole lot look guys what are
you doing
guys no no no what are you doing what
the hell guys what's your problem
why did you show okay well I suppose I
say so what we're going to do today guys
we're gonna do mostly crafting we're
gonna do so much crafting today
you would think that this is episode 69
of my minecraft let's play yeah yeah so
what I want to craft today ladies and
gentlemen is a level 2 bullet but this
needs the skin of three some Macky okay
we'll never have that it ok so
apparently and assam machi is indian but
a monkey why couldn't I just Johnny say
it's a bloody monkey poor and the bloody
monkey
maybe if I make monkey noises I'll buy
one oh my god his bloody dolls doors
why the doors right away no trouble he
bloody monkeys oh shit
oh no that's a god monkeys oh my
goodness the wolf oh god oh god are you
buddy mother why what why is India such
a dangerous god outplacement oh now
you're talking a collie no no Sanji rest
in peace Angie citizen help me Oh No get
the continent help me son Jeep number
two oh my goodness like I saw a bloody
monkey and now I've lost it okay it's
time to do some bloody drugs okay oh oh
don't go to do the test India's drugs at
the good shit my right now okay what sir
this drug she helped me find a monkeys
monkeys you are girl how's my baby doing
today look at her she's just looking so
fabulous today my little elephant okay
you're gonna help me find this asama
keep a shot Mikey I'm coming to get you
baby solid double security come on let's
find this goddamn monkey on the road
again I just can't wait to get on the
road again I'm just chillin with my
Ellen I can't wait to get on the road
again oh my goodness monkeys I don't
want to kill these monkeys on the good
look at the man where you're going
monkey I don't want to kill the monkeys
look they can't even run fast
oh poor monkey I'm sorry monkey I'm
sorry I'm sorry
oh I missed ya as a monkey ass a monkey
I'm so sorry doc so sorry
god damn it I missed again
stop running away god damnit monkey I'm
getting tired of your shit get each
other's shit sorry but I need money to
hold my rupees oh we have to hunt
another one as well for goodness sake oh
I'm sorry I'm sorry
oh sorry monkeys I don't need any more
fire but I'm just gonna kill you just
put you out of your misery
ah I'm sorry monkeys rest in peace
little monkey look away look away I saw
my key twelve seconds later
again okay so now what I want to crop
ladies and gentlemen is a level three
weapon holster which will allow me to
carry one side arm and three weapons but
we need the skin of three honey badgers
oh my god a duck duck oh my goodness and
don't don't get these they'll be because
I call tactics I think oh I could write
a book this is amazing Oh God look at me
in my duck dog I'm going to pick up all
the bitches bitches
oh shit Jesus Christ uh oh uh this is
not the great vehicle to take me away
help me friends help me help me help me
help me help me she's gonna protect me
wait what are you saying no no no you're
supposed to protect Mickey oh shit is
this a friendly car stop stop stop stop
Jesus Christ guys oh nice Indian music
you got here I wanna can I Drive
okay I'm gonna get out you can add your
vehicle back where's my bloody cook
still gone oh there it is there's the
bloody is a honey badger
look how cute the honey badger is oh
it's so adorable
what how is this gonna cut me it's so
what honey badger look at this look at
this thing Jesus Christ what so fine
cable up and I was like what you doing
on my arm on a budget
oh sorry I'm so hungry I want to eat
your face man oh what's that over there
what is that over there oh great is a
bloody doll again another doll over
there sir you might want to watch out
sir you might wanna watch out
we're gonna win don't bust India's oh no
door one you can you give him something
why is this such a killing machine
pretty much a novel oh shit ha ha ha
goddamn arrow in his face we item good
damn it it's not dying
what is wrong with this thing she's so
screw heist honey badgers man yeah most
hilarious animal ever the cute little
honey badger so lazy gentlemen I can now
crop a level 3 out of 3 weapon Polster
yeah I hear ok ladies gentlemen we have
just one thing to craft and I have left
the best till last so what I want to
come to jail ladies and gentlemen is a
level 4 syringe kit but we need the skin
of the red sky tiger that's right guys
we can hunt another rare goddamn tiger
carefully porch beautiful vibe Bengal
god of sky tiger the land tiger for mr.
Jim fun hunt sky tiger within so rifle
oh come on man they're giving me an
assault rifle
that's easy peasy lemon de squeeze it
hello ah look did you tie your hair look
even even the goddamn friendlies could
kill a regular tiger Oh My Jesus Christ
where did you come from up I spoke too
soon she's dead
Oh loading loading loaded okay
that was in the rare one look at this
cute little dog licking himself is that
the rare one it doesn't look very
special oh my goodness this is
terrifying there's Tigers everywhere I
don't think that's the red one we're
gonna have to sneak past it don't see me
don't see me mr. mr. tiger okay there's
a red bag up no no no oh my goodness
what the house Jesus Christ look at this
thing okay okay okay I'm gonna die is -
okay let's try this shit again I've got
my Indian friend with me again come on
God we're going to - shit up
we've got to - shit up okay I've got the
first one but that's not the one we need
yes indeed
you know what to do I can name her
jasmine your name's jasmine judgment you
bloody girls go get the tiger oh shit -
the targa - Jasmine what do we do -
reshoot it screw it I'm shooting it
dangers why would you do that would you
be wild I do that don't call me a bloody
banjo the other bloody blood oh shit
that the white one ventured but oh no oh
no please take jasmine take Jasmine on
me no no no this again not this shit
again no vision again just been do
something you stupid dog oh my goodness
we did it we did it
Jasmine where are you we did it's all
thanks to you Jasmine oh you saved my
life
leave it to die
god damn it damn I'm glad we're on the
same page so now we can finally cross
our level for syringe kit boom yeah
take that you white little tiger little
shit okay ladies and gentlemen we are
back in the fire craft hose so what
we're going to do now before I end the
video is last episode we liberated an
outpost with Ellen the elephant so we
went in completely loud but what I want
to want what I want to want to do right
now is liberate the outpost in pure
stealth here we are we are at the
outpost now we're going to be very
sneaky sneaky right now because we are
trying to liberate this outpost in pure
stealth oh crap okay those guys you need
to watch out all right they can tame
animals we need to watch out for them
all my goodness we've got heavy oh my
goodness this so many of them how am I
gonna do this
oh no catch - poor Tigers okay this is
what I'm gonna do I'm gonna break free
the Tigers and then I'm gonna kill the
two hunters and then they might not
notice okay
boom to God I go god I got alright take
out the hot dog stake out the window
take out the hot dog I don't think they
see me then you breathe while you're
adopting me quick quick quick quick
quick quick quick quick
disable the alarm save the alarm okay
one one alarm array of remaining I go no
no dagger go away posture okay here's
the other alarm each other along
okay I've said with alarms where it is a
lot guy no no no oh so close if it
wasn't look good dad duiker I would have
done it in bloody stone god damn it okay
guys are pretty much it for two day
ladies gentlemen we have done a lot
today without a lot of crafting we
liberated an outpost there is so much
more that needs to be done so when we
hit 10,000 likes like you did so quickly
loves episode Oh upload the next episode
of the Far Cry 4 I am loving this game
definitely one of my favorite games I'm
so happy and glad that you guys are
loving it too it's so much fun but
anyway guys oh and thank you so much for
watching and I will see you in the next
god damned episode Amasya later bomb by
edge arrivederci or good good good bye
your bloody job might be
