that's probably the crazy drive ever
done
how's everyone doing my name is mess
yourself and today we are back with the
sims foo ladies and gentlemen one of my
famous favorite series and you guys
absolutely love it and that that's what
I just love it so much we're all coming
together to enjoy the sims 4 so last
episode we install this sweet ass pull
man don't lie to me now I have the best
pull in an order Sims 4 let's place
don't deny it ok what else would we do
in last episode oh yeah we create this
area oh yeah we killed all of our sins
that was pretty funny I'm now gonna
laugh oh yeah something we also did is
we turned dog nuts from baby to a
goddamn teenager now
I gave little lip donut a little bit of
a makeover okay let's take a look at
Donna look a doughnut no look at her now
she is all grown up hey Bridget a the my
eyes my favorite girls grown up man
she's grown up so fast where does the
time go I don't know but look at this
girl now I can't go the hot because she
she is she is my daughter after all buds
are damaged she is goddamn pretty she is
so much prettier then slut okay
slut look at the hook still being a
cowboy look a branded doing the poo why
does everyone smile when they're doing a
poo so you're probably gonna ask me
Brandon what's in store today for the
most epic Sims 4 let's play ever well I
have a lot of stuff to do something that
I've done is that I've rebuilt the
spaceship
last episode at the end I showed you
that you could have sex in this
telescope so that I wondered could I
have sex and you can have sex in three
places one of them is a telescope
another one is the bed but there's
another one I'm very excited to say so
if you click on the spaceship so what
I'm also gonna do is I'm gonna try for a
baby with sluts okay there might be
another baby coming our way into the
family okay let's just have sex in the
spaceship god damnit okay Brandon our
slut if you wanna have sex in the
spaceship because that seems like a
normal conversation oh she doesn't even
get excited about anymore she's like
okay it's a standard - hey Office of the
slut household I guess I kinda have sex
again this is one small step for sex one
giant leap for an orgasm okay here we go
they're running they're running Oh
oh is it
Oh
I don't understand they are they lost in
space the help
Brandon do you kinky sons of bitches
what is really do they really just up
sex 50 mile high club there's nothing
like your first time in space but
subsequent times are still pretty
fantastic
okay well sluts really confident now
that you had sex in space what the hell
that's just not normal and now that
eating chocolate cake so you're probably
wondering why there's a chocolate cake
over here and basically what I did is I
turned baby sludge into an acid what's
wrong with your back fat gun what's
wrong with you oh yeah look how much of
a godly looks like so now that baby slut
is an adult okay look at it me in this
piece okay now that he's an adult
we are finally gonna try get him a
girlfriend they have probably asked me
what poor girl is gonna be stuck with
this ugly ugly bastard and as you guys
read from the title it is nothing but
Kim Kardashian
poor girl so what I've done since the
last episode is I have completely
changed
the town Oasis Springs okay I have
changed every single building in the
place it's like god damn TLC and what
I've also done is I have put new sims in
each at every single house oh I need a
burp so over here in this house we have
Harry Potter and Ron Weasley and
Hermione Granger they've just come back
from all sorts of Witchcraft and
Wizardry and now very simple one
direction I don't know any of their
names okay don't judge B I'm not a
teenage girl okay and I've also added
Katy Perry Katy Perry's in the game now
I've added everyone from the TV show
friends I've also added Beyonce and
jay-z I've added Nicki Minaj for some
reason over here we have justed me
behind over here we have mr. Bing Bing
mr. Teddy Teddy that's my mr. big
depression it's pretty darn good don't
lie and over here we have Miley Cyrus of
course and last but definitely not least
we have Kim Kardashian and Kanye West so
our task today is to break up Kim
Kardashian and Kanye West and make Kim
baby sluts girlfriends okay he is very
ugly so I'm not sure I was gonna go but
yeah let's invite Kim to our house so
baby slut go to your phone invite to
hang out
Karen looked and they're gonna invite
Kim Kardashian yeah yeah she's gonna
come over to my house
Kim is sleeping well it is 1 a.m. so yes
try later ok so it's now 9 a.m. kim
kardashian better be up okay Kim
Kardashian will be right over
yes poor girl oh that's his there she is
she's coming I don't know why she's
running over look at Kim Chi why is she
walking around like she's so happy up
she just invites herself into my home
walk into my she's complaining about
stuff god damn it you stupid girl okay
that my house is a mess okay look at
these two heating it up okay so Kim
Kardashian his friends with baby slut
but baby son has to escape the friend
zone okay he does not want to be friends
with this girl he wants to make him his
girlfriend can we try flirting with her
she's gonna like the flame get away from
me what is this creature blanching with
me oh come on baby slut come on this was
meant to me so I have a plan B I'm gonna
have a massive party where I'm gonna
invite everyone from the new
neighborhood to come along to the mesh
yourself president and pod okay so we're
gonna have a house party I throw the
best parties okay okay so we're gonna
invite mr. bean Justin Bieber jay-z
Miley Cyrus Kim Kardashian obviously the
odds
nikki minaj katy perry and kanye west
and why not walter invite Harry Potter
should I invite anyone from the One
Direction lot Louis is Ali said his name
will invite Louis and we're invite Harry
yeah sure that would oh okay so we are
ready for the baby slut is gonna change
to his outfit look at sluts now getting
changed to his outfit oh wait what she
was just holding up a lady wait a second
eating for two I forgot I forgot
sluts now pregnant oh my goodness I
completely forgot about that
look at Donna nuts outfit donut is look
and find out that Nicki Minaj
Nicki what are you doing he come to
party he oh yeah all the guests are
coming now so over here we got Beyonce I
love Beyonce oh because it does not look
how beautiful why she's screwed facing
there's Harry Potter hello Harry
there's justice be for her you got just
the people books you die I don't give a
shit about anyone I'm just EB boy fuck
look at over here we have jay-z hello
jay-z and I think this is Kanye West
yeah this is cut look at the bus like
Kanye work liquor kind there West walk
things these top dollar he's not and
here is my papers Kim Kardashian she is
looking super fan to this party
he looks so adorable mr. bean oh wait I
forgot mr. bin saud but look at it
doesn't it just look so adorable
he's so happy where's teddy mr. B she
looks sad she probably looks sad because
no one's listening to a music anymore
it's okay Miley it's okay we once liked
you wait what's going on what's going on
what's going on
this body has got to shake this to
brandon's what there is to brandon's
what's going on how is that possible
there's two Brandon's it's only one
reason for this man's a wizard
maybe slightly stings to fire extinguish
it but goodness sake for goodness sake
what is wrong with you guys can you guys
please come back inside look at these
guys they're all hey what is what's
happened
they're all just standing here why is
everyone here and look when I try to
click on them it won't let me because
the house is on fire
look everyone this is such an awesome
picture right here this is such an
awesome shot isn't it ok well I think
the game has officially fucked out so I
will see you in a second ok guys I'm
afraid I'm gonna have to end this video
here sadly I couldn't break up Kim
Kardashian to get baby slut I'm so sad
baby I'm sorry baby slut I think baby
floods gay you know I'm not gonna lie
also what I want you guys to write in
the comment section
now that slut is pregnant look at she's
gone she's gone so now that baby slut
now let's let's break them I may need
you guys to name the trial just like you
did last time for donor okay so in the
conversation down below right now put a
name for the next child in this
household and I will pick one okay but
anyway guys all thank you so much for
watching when we reach 10,000 lights
like you've been doing so easily I'll
upload the next episode but anyway guys
or thank you so much watching I'll see
you in the next god damned video of mine
see you later god I love you adios
see you later above bye
