oh hello everyone and you guys read the
title you guys Russian title we're
playing the spot follow cities and
gentlemen we are in the beautiful game
on the Firecracker ah as I will already
go Lana please or not this new bodyguard
dealer kill you all get out of it blood
get down the pit blasting go damn it I'm
trying to do a bloody intro god damn it
Indians god damn it okay they're all
dead
so ladies and gentlemen welcome to far
craft for this game I'm going to be
playing for a couple of hours I usually
complete a game before I make videos on
it but come on now this is fuck raffle I
know what to do you know but yeah the
players gave a couple of hours and I
love it
and what we're gonna do today is we're
gonna go hunting we're gonna liberate us
we're gonna do all that shit today
oh my god is this why is it so many
enemies you can't damn it
so before we do anything a big part in
Far Cry 4 is the elephant's okay so our
first task is to find a cute elephant
friend where we can ride on top of him
and be best friends I can rectify me an
elephant he and the fund elevator what's
that oh my goodness what what how's that
what the heck stop what you follow ah
he's attacking me way looks so cute lies
Lizza ha ha that's what the hell was
that thing was on a skunk what are you
now is that a box oh my goodness so much
is going on and I don't know what to do
oh my god
there's never but there's another fight
I think I lost the book love toys we
found it
oh my fingers broken Wow hahahahaha is
so look a where you going oh what's it
doing now is you're taking a bath was in
the water
hello mr. elephant can I ride the
elephant oh wow this is awesome
ah this is so cool can I get one hundred
to kill the other but where hang a
second button wait no what what oh my
gosh kill I just killed the elephant oh
okay okay elephant you did a bad thing
okay I want to name my elephant I'm
gonna call her Ellen baby I love you
every day to the cool things with
elephants is that they can help you in
liberating Alpo so that's what we're
gonna do right now later gentleman miss
those goddamn things again what is that
what axle is that so apparently that
animal is called a doll don't those
bloody dolls boys coming it trying to
kill my elephant okay guys we are at the
outpost okay you're gonna keep on
lookout god there's another elephant
over there and I can see some goddamn
enemies okay there's one over there
there's another one over there
Oh
out is this God that full of animates
the gilja be goddesses uh-huh that's
what that's what their house is cooked
come on we got to save the deed
oh shit
what where did I gotta come ah they're
calling for reinforcements Oh take down
bitch oh shit another one ha ha ha stop
running away from me
you're gladdie Indian okay I got him oh
Jesus Christ
Allen is on fire I'm not gonna go go and
kill him yes Alan did you see how he
just she just drew that guy yes we
liberated the god damn out boss yes
Ellen where are you Ellen okay guys what
we are going to do now we're gonna do
the classic thing hunting rare animals
let's go use explosives to secure the
skin of a black water dragon the rare
damon the shame he had for mr. Tim bombs
garment okay let's do this okay so we're
trying to kill a demon fish what the
hell does sounds absolutely scary as
hell oh my god is that it is that that
little fishy I can't be it's that's not
scary at all let's take a glass take a
closer look and it's got that demon fish
the demon fish
I'm coming closer now don't scare me
okay um you should you do sound scary
well
I'm sure oh my god what the hell is that
what the hell is that I want to take a
closer look at this thing oh my gosh get
away
oh my what the hell out of it I am
running away oh shit hahaha what do you
expect me to do should I just let that
goddamn fish eat me
hush little demon fish don't say a word
Brandon's going to oh shit oh shit get
back in the boat or what have c4
I have seed ball oh shit get back in
okay let's try kill this fish with the
sepal okay it's pretty close we go
through it ah oh my goodness haha that
was not good idea
where did I get it I think I got it yes
nearly killing me I got the goddamn
demon fishy yes
the black water wait was it wait is it
called a dragon fish or a demon fish god
damn it okay guys we're gonna go hunt
another rare animal alright let's do
this obtain the skin of the lair dawn
the bloody doll is a nuisance in god
damn India I think that's where I am
den Zhen dancing tens in the door for
mr. chip phones homes
garment okay little gal while you do it
girl where did you run off to you little
bugger
look at you you're such a goody-goody
little bugger come and eyelid eyelid
where you run off to come on you can
give me a ride too
the rare animal I'll grab the civilians
there move us away civilians and then
going to get them whoa a little areas
goodness sake killing another elephant
hello
move out the way you goddamn bitch oh my
goodness there's a tiger right there
wait can an kill the tiger up agin the
tiger run that's right run you bitch oh
shit oh my goodness
Ellen you are so strong you are so
fearless Ellen look at Hadji so cute
look at her she's so cute
Ellen elephant Ellen head look but okay
Ellen you stay there I'm gonna go
hunting this ranima like I forgot what
animal I'm killing right now surprise
motherfucker
oh my goodness what the hell what Jesus
Christ Jesus Christ let me go just came
out of the sky
what the hell how this must expose us
booster what the hell there's so much to
take in from this game for goodness sake
dog bloody dog come out your door and
Doni Doni Doni you bloody doll I know
you're hiding out there somewhere oh
shit you guys head up
please tell me you guys hear that uh
dawn is that you making all that dragon
don't push it hello doll no don't you
bloody come oh my god it does hold up
oh shit is that it I forget nice Ike
that wasn't even the bloody right door
okay what's that oh my goodness oh my
goodness okay I think that's a regular
doll and I think that's top Hey excuse
me Hey okay doll stand fairly still go
get the bloody doll okay hey guys see me
don't go get up Dolly's coming down down
get away okay um boom no boom oh did I
get it I got it yes I got thank God
samurais dogs get outta there you're
planning on I hate you get you and your
down get the face okay so I think this
is the red gold yes is it yes we did it
we killed 10z the Red Dawn bloody dogs
what are we going to do with her man
okay guys it feels like we've done a lot
today I don't really know how long this
video is gonna be bottom for today this
is pretty much all I'm going to show you
but before we end the video what I'm
gonna do is we're gonna go over to a
radio tower
and we're gonna reset that ow ow what
are you doing here we are baby here we
are we're at the bell tower now how the
hell do I get all the way up there to
watch the grapple
can I go oh I can't got run to that oh
okay now put up up okay pull myself up
this is cool I'm good that mountain
climbing this is awesome okay there's
enemies here I'm just gonna blow you up
see you later see you later crocodile I
better not find anyone out there oh I'm
right here baby
come get me you're bloody bastard I
guess we got here and go around here how
the hell do I get off this thing
climb up jump around Hey look at this
side I'll have to kick these boxes kick
like kicking in this game is so adorable
up here look okay I think we're the top
are we at the top oh no now we're at the
top I get the top now for goodness sake
how long this is belton we'll go over
god
okay so let's destroy this bell tower i
destroyed what Oh get it up get
something down there boom oh oh yes we
have liberated the bell tower with HUDs
auto repair shop we unlocked
ladies and gentlemen abandoned chill
location discovered oh yes I needed one
of those things I know so the raaah
family house is also discovered in this
shit look how beautiful this goddamn
game is I can't wait to play this game
through I'm gonna end the video here
guys I don't know much about the game so
I'm not sure how this video turned out I
am feeling a bit sick at the moment so
I'm not too sure
and that ding and stuff but anyway guys
I know that this series is going to be
absolutely awesome and I can't wait to
record some more Oh anyway guys don't
think guys so much watching it would be
awesome if we can hit 10,000 lights when
we hit 10,000 lights I will upload
another far cry 4 video I'm so excited
is it but for now I'm gonna go rest up
and hopefully I can feel better the next
time I record but anyway guys I want
thank you so much for watching and I'll
see you in the night Bruno Mars so that
the guys love you let's jump from the
fingers I'm dead yeah
