hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is mesh yourself here today we are gonna
be reacting to some cat videos now at
the moment alright I actually have been
looking into getting another bet now I
keep thinking do I want a dog or do I
want a cat now I'll let you guys give
your vote alright leave a comment right
now do you think I should get a new
kitten or a new puppy because I've been
wanting to get a new animal I've been
watching a bunch of videos online of
cute cats and cute dogs and I thought it
would be funny to now like watch a bunch
of funny cat videos you know it would
make me want to get a cat more and you
know maybe I'll do another video if this
video reaches I don't know
like 30,000 likes I might make another
video just based on puppies and dogs
yeah it's stupid video I did I know but
I just want to watch some cute cat lips
or hey leave me alone oh my god oh my
god if you guys didn't know alright I
have like two cats already and I'm a bit
of a cat person or I've never had a dog
before I'm not gonna lie I find cats
adorable as hell hey this thing hey
where'd it go
wait a movie do anything about ready go
oh my god was so cute it's playing with
string why do cats love string so much
that's so cute how a cat can be
entertained by string small O'Lakes line
is big eyes and dying guys I'm literally
dying inside okay so we've got a little
kitten over
this can so fluffy I'm not used to this
kids being this fluffy I can't handle a
guy's cuteness overload okay I can't
handle this okay all right I need to get
a new cat right now I want a new little
kitten okay
oh my god this kitten so fluffy and cute
oh my
but it's playing with the pingas as well
oh man I've had kittens before obviously
if you guys didn't know actually yeah
you guys didn't know I actually I did
actually give birth and raise kids go
watch that video if you haven't watched
it already but yeah like what cat's
claws like they're nothing at that age
all right so you can literally do
anything to them and like they won't
hurt you with their claws it's so cute
Oh a cat with a toy does not want to
give up that little mouse toy oh my gosh
oh look at that big that is the most
beautiful cat I've ever seen oh my gosh
I think most of these clips are coming
from Japan and Asia you know over there
they like a love and adore cats they
think they're like the most adorable
thing ever
again I've just bought a new pair of
headphones okay and look it just broke
okay god damnit yeah oh it's a cat in
front of a mirror that's just don't
understand how mirrors work it's so
adorable seriously how dull most stupid
cats all right it's a mirror to be fair
dogs are pretty stupid all right they
don't understand mirrors either oh my
god I love it when cats do that just
before they're about to pounce they they
always go like big eyes oh my goodness
it's so cute it's so small but it's got
such little legs was such a big fluffy
tail oh man I just love cats man I could
watch cat videos all day I'm like I'm
gonna lie right now okay we have a cat
making love with a towel I never
understood why cats do that is it
because they're horny or they just like
doing that to things I don't know cuz
I'm gonna explain it to me in the
comments cuz I I cat does it all the
time let's bury this head let's soak you
imagine the next second layer the cat
just wakes up and just eats the the
chick hole all right that would
completely ruin that clip okay we've got
another cat obviously
oh come on I can't
all right cats with little legs all
right they get me every time okay what
can't Mike I have little legs okay we
have a cat is this a cat in a shop
window I would buy you the next day okay
kitty okay oh my goodness I kind of want
to be a crazy cat lady but a cat man
when I'm older okay but I'm pretty sure
my wife will probably will not like that
oh look at this cute little bow every
time I would color on any of my cats
they would always come back with it
removed which I don't know how they did
by the way either someone took it off
for them or some random person or
there's some crafty cats because they
keep losing their colors and I have no
idea how oh oh oh
coming could be coffee no no no oh thank
you listen though I think he was just
playing I think it was just playing all
right I could tell that cat wanted to
destroy that candle okay you could tell
it in his eyes look at it
Oh what's going on this cat's not a baby
why are you doing this this poor cat
this cat does not want to be here okay
the cat looks adorable baby okay okay so
it's a car with a laser I'm talking
about TV come look at this now oh I
guess there was nothing kitty come look
huh what's going on what's poking me
kitty come on come on
now what's going on Batman okay we got a
little dog knocking on it knock knock
who's there and the mom looks up to go
check on them look at them oh he's doing
it count one two three four okay
everyone's doing it okay continue oh no
they're coming
nice draw the hair mock sure I left my
food in here hey diamond how do I open
this door open it again oh so cute oh my
heart my heart just skipped a beat oh my
lord oh my goodness look at this guy
just standing up like this on popcorn
that's so cute oh my God look at the
size of that fat cat I'm surprised it
even got in jeez look at the size of
that thing down is this a bit doing the
cat's nails with a lion lion head I've
actually bought one of these for my cat
but it works so much better on this cat
oh my goodness look at it oh this cat's
creeping around oh no he's going to take
the other one no no lazy battle I'm
gonna do I'm gonna get in okay okay
we're going on the wall what the hell is
going on with it came out the hell did
this cat just run up this wall okay I'm
so confused guys I don't know what's
going on cats
yawning is the cutest thing ever alright
just the fact that like any animal yawns
like humans do isn't that really cute
adorable to think about oh my god oh he
loves it
he loves it so much just being pampered
like that oh yeah that's right oh yeah
there's a spot Oh here oh my goodness is
amazing I love my life so much oh yeah
okay ladies German I think I've watched
enough cute little kitten videos at the
moment but yeah one adorable what an
adorable video I hope you guys enjoyed
okay I just wanted to watch Catholics
today guys I'm not gonna lie but yeah if
this video reaches 30,000 likes I will
make another video or reacting to cute
dog clips either way those thank you
guys so much for watching and yeah I
will see you in the next video of mine
very soon thank you guys so much for
watching
buh-bye
