hahaha hello everyone my name is Marisol
and today I have some really cool news
for you basically Xbox have chosen me to
be their judge in their the one
competition where basically they are
looking for like the ultimate gaming
play in selective games you know and
they have chosen me to judge asesino
Creed unity yes Assassin's Creed unity
so like all competitions you guys have
the opportunity to win some epic free
stuff now who doesn't lack free stuff
and I don't like free stuff get out of
it
this isn't just free stuff okay you
could win a turtlebeach xo7 headsets Oh
an exclusive themed the one controller
who games like sunset overdrive and halo
war and lots of Xbox merchandise that's
amazing how do I win you stop Brad okay
I'll tell you I'll tell it just you need
to calm down okay
you need to you need to just calm down
for me can you do that for me
okay I'm sorry I'll listen now I'm sorry
I love you I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry
so basically how you enter this
competition is basically you go on your
Xbox one and go on Assassin's Creed and
I am here to judge the best assassin
knows ok the best assassinations ok and
what you basically do you do your
assassination and then you tell your
Xbox Xbox record that and your exports
will go okay Brandon I have recorded
your clip would you also like me to make
you a cup of tea ok a row do that but
Microsoft you might want to mow and
start working on that okay so basically
once you've told your xbox to record
that you go to the upload studio and you
basically upload your clip and you leave
it with the hashtag the one
assassinations okay now don't misspell
it it's on the screen right here okay
you can misspell it
you basically have loaded libs and I
will pick five of them too and I will
make I put them into a video and
basically have a top five session with
those clips where the lucky winner will
win some are surprises
so I hope you guys understood all that
if you got confused at any part you
could always go to the website which is
xbox.com forward slash the one to find
out more information about the
competition so what we're going to do
now is we're going to hook onto
assassine or Creed unity and I'm gonna
basically give you guys some tips on how
you could win the competition yeah yeah
hey Leo baby here we are we're plane is
on oh look at oh no he's so adorable
something I love to do this on screen is
just run through the crowds and just
push every way other way
our notes coming through out of the way
patterns after party okay so I need you
guys to be a bit creative with your
assassination something that you could
do is just run past them and double kill
oh now I'm just gonna run away I can't
and have to fight these guys
are we shooting at me oh my goodness
there's so many of them here whenever
there's like too many of them they
always just shoot me don't kill me
no no oh okay well I'm really bad at
this game so something I suggest you
guys doing it's customizing your
character and right and basically you
can customize it so you can upgrade your
skills and they have various skills
especially especially like in melee and
in ranged and you can be a bit creative
with that you might have to level up
your character to unlock these skills
but the more you unlock the better cool
things you can do with your character so
that's a little bit of a tip for you you
can have that one for free yes you can
okay so at the moment I'm on top of a
building and I think I could kill where
can I get a double killing these guys
whoa Oh Athena I'm at Athena now that
was pretty cool
Xbox record that okay Brandon oh okay
game clip recorded okay so if I go onto
if I hold the thingy and if I go on to
edit clip it will take me to the upload
studio okay so I'm going to choose game
DVR and it should show me a here we go
here's my Assassin's Creed clip and if
we're going to finish and then it'll
give me an option to name and tag it
okay so you put it in just like how I
put it in the one assassinations I think
that should be alright that name looks
good oh yes it does I press Continue and
there you go you have uploaded your clip
and you could possibly win some air big
prizes but yeah that's pretty much it I
want to thank you guys so much for
watching and I also want to really thank
Xbox for giving me this awesome
opportunity for you guys you know I
accepted this for you guys to basically
like earn some awesome prizes an awesome
competition I really hope you guys get
involved and I can't wait to see your
clips and we can finally crown the one
for Assassin's Creed unity anyway guys
want that you guys so much watching I'll
see you in the next video my solo the
guys love you haha Hey
