hahahaha Oh everyone how is everyone to
me on this magical glorious day my name
is Marisol and for no sucker
no game please Oh video games going on
the screen yes that's right today I'm
trying something a little bit different
about a year ago I think was about a
year ago I had a series where I would
read out some of your YouTube comments
and it was really fun for me and I have
no idea where I stopped it I stopped it
for some reason I can't remember no
butter yeah I've been meaning to start
it up again and I thought I'll give it a
go today and you guys can let me know if
you want to see more of it in the future
but without wasting any of your goddamn
time let's read some your two comments
best funny
Ashtyn youtuber ever semana face I am a
German I am a German well I won't blame
you because German proper German is
probably a first language in English a
second but Dad thank you so much your
law on beginning scares me every single
time XD what are you talking about my
intro isn't scary at all
oh my favorite
Americain youtuber from France
well shout-out to all the French
subscribers but unfortunately I'm not
American hi and from England the United
Kingdom can't you tell by my British
accent hahaha or where is my cup of tea
Elizabeth where is my cup of tea I am
the leader of the banana tribe respect
me oh hell leader or hell leader stop
that man is an impostor your face is so
funny and awesome I'm not sure if that's
a that's an insult or a compliment but
you know what I can take down as a
goddamn compliment thank you very much
do you do drugs to keep your videos
entertaining could could I buy some off
you no of course I don't do drugs
meet me behind the alley after this
video okay somebody thumbs up probably
took more than that anybody can survive
I don't know man I was bangin 7 gram
rocks to finishing because that's how I
roll I've once peed at one gear
Oh
like this comment for Michelle's haircut
now why the hell does this Kuhlman have
22 likes yes I got a goddamn haircut god
damn it you look like a lesbian come on
now look like a lesbian so mean I wish I
was a goddamn lesbian maybe then I could
I could get a girlfriend
your videos make me happy and you have
inspired me Brandon stay awesome did say
what I inspire you to do but I'm gonna
say that I inspired you to be awesome
because you already want awesome but now
I just made you even more awesome
everybody watch this video is also so I
just made you a whole lot more awesome
stay awesome I love your personality
no homo yeah how is a saying that was
Buzz Malek being gay with okay well um
thanks
this is by far the best video master
self has ever done and I'm proud to be a
subscriber that has to be one of the
nicest comments ever thank you so much
Bad Santa
yeah yeah you're so funny brand is oh
for goodness sake a delicious it's why
oh you are we what the hell's wrong with
you huh morning can't you spell I'm
kidding thank you so much that's a desk
oven I swear this guy is too funny
always makes my days by seeing his
videos and his funny self I judge aha
pause Lud there's a very nice comment
thank you so much for the nice comments
god dammit I think Misha so is so sweet
he looks like a teddy bear
brother
reunite us we understood
and sugar this one
we are so exciting oh sweet
and that ladies and gentlemen is all of
the YouTube comments today I want to
thank you guys so much like commenting
on a video just means so much to me and
I do read like majority of my comments
and just the fact that I get comments is
just so amazing so I just want to thank
you guys so much for that something that
has been appearing though in the comment
section a lot is the fact that I'm doing
a lot more face cam videos and I thought
I will address it in this video really
quickly YouTube has gotten a lot more
fun for me ever since I started making
face cam videos so I thought I would try
it and the majority of you guys love it
you know like the channels just doing so
much more amazing we're getting like so
many more likes and more comments and it
just seems that majority of you guys
like it you know and I have to do what
the majority is as asking for and the
channel just has to keep on moving
forward and I'm really sorry if you guys
do not like it but I'm just having so
much fun with YouTube now you know so I
have to you know I have to change you
know some people don't like it but and
something I have to do you know but
there will still be like GTA 5 videos
and GTA 4 videos which won't have the
face cam you know but I just gotta like
cry just go have fun on YouTube you know
and this is just making me have so much
more fun but anyway guys I'm not too
sure whether to keep this as a series I
really enjoy recording them I thought I
would try it see how it goes but I'm
gonna leave that up to you if you want
to see more of the reading comments
videos yeah yeah but anyway I want to
thank you so much for watching and I'll
see you in the next video mind you later
guys love you
