no you little buggers hello everyone my
name is meshes allows everyone to hit I
usually don't say my name anymore
but how's it going doing today we are
playing your son's crib oh yes the
Assassin's Creed bow I'm playing this
game in such a long time Assassin's
Creed unity is coming out I think next
week so I definitely make some unity
videos but I don't go back to that
screen black black to see what the hell
I'm on this jumper tonight son dad
that's iconic man that's like high so
today I am playing as I do whether I do
well I don't know how to say hey I think
that's how you say his name so I
actually have a little bit of a songs
but either whether you want to hear it
okay it's actually just under the seat
from The Little Mermaid but I just
replace the words where you play nice
well good question little chicken god
dammit you're smart little chicken
aren't you so yeah today we're playing
Assassin's Creed a freedom cry DLC where
you play as I don't wear and you are
basically the story with him is that you
are oh you are a runaway slave okay and
you have to sort of create sort of like
a resistance so you've got a basic like
save all of the slaves save all the
slaves okay so that's what we're gonna
do today
no no of course I'm not gonna show you
why would I shoot a chicken it's not
like it's not like um I like chicken I
think planers uh-uh-uh-uh-uh well KFC
motherfucker
that chick is still standing what the
hell banging metallic grinding KFC
wasn't invented in this town boy would
never you better start walking away
okay I'm sorry mr. chicken goddammit
chickens nowadays so much sass I like it
hello losers goat why can i ha wait
that's a sheep what is the goat sound
like look at Debbie God he's like that
man dead don't kill me with your big gun
please
ahh I just wanna be your friend
warning this ancestor did not kill
civilians or domestic animals
well otherwise I did as would you get go
oh it's on its belly are you good you
good who's a good doggy
yes you are yes you are yes you a little
dougie I'm surprised not eating the
chicken dougie roam around in the Frog
it's so adorable
ah okay I'm not gonna kill you little
doggy you're just so cute who's a good
doggy
okay what are we doing another messing
around with the animals what are we
doing so ladies and gentle what we are
going to do today as you can see from
the top left-hand corner the next
mission is locked and we need to
complete two stalks one liberate a slave
ship and to liberate 150 slave to join
the revolution hello sir what are you
doing I haven't you
you things today you have a new view
thing today let us see what you are
buying today I don't think I can afford
any new weapons actually I am so sorry
sir I have no money today but I will
come back later hunter to buy all our D
stuff ok
no lime African accent is on point oh my
god what's going on there's a runaway
slave right little boy oh shit there's a
there's a slave owner oh I'm gonna get
you come back healing butter
double kill no no kids no kids okay stop
how can I repay yours it's okay you
don't have to repay me
there you go run little boy run we have
visually saved a god damn slave yes oh
shit look what we got here guys
it's a slave on a right here oh crap oh
shit oh oh okay crack crack babies
commies Karma's coming kill him kill him
kill him Oh sassy though I'm a sassy not
yes by the way look at it me such a
goddamn boss look good other way such a
good damn posture
oh my god what's happening here oh my
goodness look all these flags are being
sold for auction Oh No
I killed her alright slaves you are now
free good smile it's down on you with
you ah Monsieur ah these guys French
he's got a French slave yes oui oui
I just lived I just saved us Liz oh oh
oh my goodness what are they doing oh no
this is not good tolerate slavery's butt
off oh don't worry my friends you are
now free oh my good look there's some
slaves in this cage oh poor slaves what
are you doing okay si si no sassy no
wood
okay we need to get the key from this
guy over here all right easy does it
easy does it easy does it wait for these
guys to warp I see no okay ladies and
gentlemen it is now raining in
Assassin's Creed and you know watch me
mateys this is the perfect time to
liberate a slave ship and become a true
pirate ha ha ha ha ha our team are hired
a hardy bargain bear
I stopped raining for goodness sake this
was the perfect weather ah ha har har
har har me mateys ok I have spotted a
level 21 slave ship aha oh my goodness
ok that's what we have to do we have to
liberate that slave shit oh my goodness
fire baby jeez we're going into battle
Oh Oh Shh
oh bloody shite oh crap up going to
fucking die or shine I'm a fireman I
can't see shit
yah ha ha one ship down makies ha ha ha
it's down it is down me mateys it is now
time to liberate the station ah ha ha
come on boys you think I can't use a
bloody weapon
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha climb the ship
join the ship come on we gotta save the
slaves casino Oh
Dean oh oh oh oh dial oh Gordon Gordon
ha ha ha ha ha surrender me mateys other
way is not gonna take any shit from no
one ok so Google say the slaves come on
brothers come on brothers
yeah yeah all right
we saved a slave ship hire her oh my god
wait 90 slaves that was on board
oh we just say 90 slaves on that ship
okay so what we're going to do now
ladies and gentlemen we are heading over
to a plantation where there are several
slaves being put to work by the goddamn
white people white people what are we
gonna do with you again I sneak up in
the sky give me a little bit of whistle
whoa come in white boy a minister white
boy I can hurt you Athena Athena don't
worry little slaves don't be scared
I ain't gonna hurt you I wanna had the
little white boys and asesino see no
look at the slaves are singing you
should be singing the Anna wellas Oh
best song ever my right ass Athena
okay guys isn't a log right there okay
but this guy's guarding it someone give
a little over we're so common little yd
oh okay okay to say we're your loves you
say with your arms there we go oh did
you see that double kill oh my goodness
Athena oh shit oh shit he knows me Oh
quick get it get it oh shit this guy's
go for the alarm you see my god my god
just bloom away with god damn shit oh my
goodness okay two more we have to kill
two more I wonder if I can get three
double kill on these guys okay you ready
for it
you ready for it ready for it
our poor guys oh look at them like
little happy couple go run slaves run
for do your freedom so one of my
favorite things to do in Assassin's
Creed it's sinking all the viewpoints
and there is a viewpoint on the top of
this windmill okay so let's try and do
this oh my goodness how could you do
that jump how could anybody do that job
okay ladies gentlemen this has been
Assassin's Creed Black Flag freedom cry
I'm thinking I might want to do one more
Assassin's Creed video just before unity
but the regular sessions Creed and not
the DLC if you guys want to see more
then let's try and hit eight thousand
likes on this video and if we do then
I'll do one more Assassin's Creed Black
Flag before I do Assassin's Creed unity
I've several videos an app I know my
guys on thank you so much for watching
and see you in the next video are mine
see you later guys love you synchronize
so beautiful so god damn beautiful
