hello everyone how is everyone doing
let's be honest you're doing absolutely
fabulous because you seen my beautiful
face
anyway what we are doing today is I am
gonna be starting up a series this is
like a pilot episode of said series
where basically if you guys watched my
blog about the oculus rift okay and what
I'm gonna do today is I'm gonna show you
three really cool games that I've found
for the oculus rift and yeah I thought I
would do a weekly series where I would
show off three games so let me know but
first let's start okay so our first game
is called watching TV TV oh shit hello
everyone oh crap as I sit okay oh my God
look at all the students in this place
goddamn shout out the teachers talking a
god damn bastard sorry miss you can
carry on now shut up okay calm down what
what oh this girl's how we listeners go
I say we put we started right come on do
it with me Annabelle what the hell's
this can I approach before the teacher
Oh
oh this is hilarious where is this shit
kid asleep hey wake up you goddamn Timmy
wait that was Timmy you can't hit the
been in the corner how about you shut
your fucking mouth
uh-huh so what do I do okay you want me
to use the spit ball in the bed in the
corner
damnit miss these cows bore me what do
we do oh shit I want to be was it you
I'm gonna head up place watch oh shit
shut your mouth for my bitch what's up
bitch what's bitch you are an ugly ass
motherfucker you know that no oh shit oh
shit she called me no you stupid girl
I'm gonna say now go start again how
about you shut your fucking mouth Carol
shut your I don't care about school kids
don't go to school it's a line
investigate the loominatee investigate
the Illuminati's oh oh shit oh shit oh
shit
Oh silly bugger bugger oh I gotta go
Oh get it get the cube get the key oh
shit oh shit
Oh what okay
this is trippy as hell those lens flares
though what is this a month hot oh my
goodness oh shit
pixel rift game goddamn that has to be
one of the best oculus rift games ever
pixel riffling gentleman that's just the
demo I'm gonna leave a link in
description to their greenlight page if
we cool if we could thumb up that game
because I would love to play the whole
game of that that was so awesome so
anyway let's play our second game ladies
and gentlemen so our next game ladies
gentlemen is a rollercoaster game that's
all they like to do in the arcus
reveries and make the rollercoaster
games please sit up straight okay
alright you came god damn it mom okay oh
my goods oh okay okay calm down calm
down
lean forward to determine your oh that
is oh love Inc okay that's what the game
is called by the way oh this is so cool
oh my goodness oh my god
my leg Eames called love it cuz it's
goddamn love every well my god this is
so cool oh okay hello lava okay okay
club done you can determine your own
speed only on blue okay only on the blue
late gentlemen oh my god I want to go
behind me no I don't think I can ladies
gentlemen I don't think I can take it
slow don't scare me now don't scare me
now baby babble oh Jesus prays alone I'm
deep underground in the lava pits of
hell oh no I got the hell legs chatter
I've got the hell praise the Lord O
Jesus I'm goin I'm goin first all this
can hit in the head duck miss me miss me
bitch oh shit oh shit
okay I'll keep hug coming this is so
cool what the hell is going on here
that's so cool oh oh shit no way do I
have to go down there oh shit oh shit oh
shit it's not gonna pop out hello hello
white thing and you're not gonna scare
me now green tracks will renounce your
control oh shit would that mean I can't
control anymore
oh my goodness oh shit oh wow that was
awesome Wow
that has to be the best roller coaster
game on oculus rift oh my goodness god
damnit check out loving in the
description down below
that was awesome awesome shit right
there so let's move on to the last game
ladies and gentlemen so the last games
ladies and gentlemen is a horror game
that's right I'm gonna be trying a
horror game on the oculus rift oh my
goodness Oh apparently this is like the
worst experience oh my goodness this is
the worst experience you ever feel in
your entire life when you try a horror
game with the oculus rift Oh Marvin what
was that noise oh my good oh shit what
is that a house oh my do we go towards
the house hello
trick-or-treating in the middle of a
night like this oh why did I listen to
those kids back there you've got that
girl's better than that get off my lawn
especially this are we going
trick-or-treating
just really be insane yes you are insane
god damn it oh no they've given me a
sprint Quiles gentlemen oh no I do not
okay okay okay so it's fine it's fine I
just have to press a hello
trick-or-treat motherfucker
hello anyone hello I can't change yes
come in David Evans who came oh my
goodness is it without now this is a
molester mr. Peter father's house oh no
oh
not coming in here no you don't have to
go up oh shit no fuck off whoa I like
this one bitch what the hell is this
make yourself at home anywhere you would
like in the living room God should be
right there's that yeah what this is
this I'm in some pedophiles house right
now what the hell is this shit
what the shit guys oh my god okay okay I
think okay
hello what's going on no no no get the
hell out oh no no no no no no no what
the hell is this I can't see shit oh my
god what is going on goddamn lights Tina
damn like yes well on level times you
stupid ass oh my goodness what the hell
this is the worst thing ever it's just
giving me the heebie-jeebies the
goosebumps the willies what do i do what
do i do what do i do what do i do please
please help me please help me
oh okay okay that was a prompt press it
oh shit what the what the fuck is this
what the fuck is that
what the fuck is that noise was that
noise what's that noise
for the love of God what's that noise
what the hell is that
so hello sir oh no is this guy gonna pop
out on me don't you deaf pop out with me
you want the kids is that what you want
my you oh what's that you're getting
Terry you're getting jealous over that
come on give me a little kissing
you'll get my out give me back everyone
oh my god it's something that it's
something that whoa oh my cards see now
shit fuck off fuck off what the fuck is
that what the hell is that what oh my
goodness okay it's two bears
hello mr. bear are you gonna pop out me
I will fucking quit this game you listed
to be mr. bat poorest and your little
friend over there if you pop out I'm
swear to God I will quit this game where
do I go to I go through here I guess I
go through oh my goodness what the hell
is in here what the hell's in here hello
what's going on now what's going on now
hello come out he'll fight me 1v1 me
rust quickscopes
you know the deal okay chill chill I
don't want no trouble please for the
love of God I do not want no trouble I
do not want no trouble why cause it's
the best little there okay boys it's
still there where do I go I can't see
shit I can't see shit this is the word
thing why would anybody program we'll
make this design this what the hell is
that noise good
dr. highlight what do i do what do I do
hello mr. bookcase
hello don't go through this door no okay
so don't
oh shit little right there oh no no I'm
not gonna pop out behind me I know right
under me fucking shit what the fuck is
that
what the hell what the hell what the
hell why would that be a jump-scare why
would there be a drums go what do I keep
playing don't even wanna play no more
okay I'm getting the hell out of here
playing the game with you
punkin oh shit what happened to the
lights what happened to the lights
I'm getting the hell out of it I'm
getting the hell out of it I'm getting
the hell out of it
I'm getting get out get out get out get
out I'm outside I'm outside ha ha ha
bitch you can just get to my car get to
the car
get to the car get to the car get to the
car don't scare me don't scare me let's
go let's go okay okay
he's chill let's chill okay I'm in my
car is everything fine now thank you
everything's fine okay nothing's fine is
this the end Jesus Christ this is the
worst experience ever
this is the worst experience ever what
what's going on no don't scare me don't
scare me your this game he wants you
already scared me once and the game what
do I do
oh shit it's my car stopping what do i
do what do i do the games just stopped
here hello what do i do hello anyone is
the game over yet hello I'm so scared
right now something's gonna pop I know
it is screw it nah no way did not just
do that oh my goodness it was right next
to me what the hell why would you do
that
that was the worst thing ever so anyway
guys that was this new series new
potential series okay this is like the
pilot episode of three oculus rift games
which I'm thinking I will now do once a
week so I need like a sign to tell me if
the how this pilot episode went right so
I think 10,000 likes is enough of a sign
just to show that you guys want to see
more oculus rift games so what I'll do
is I have a weekly series where once a
week I will show three really awesome
games and I'll have like a variety of
stuff like we did today we had like a
baby thing and then we had like a roller
coaster and then we ended it with a
horror game god damn it I know that's
all you guys want to see is this so
scary but anyway guys I want to thank
you so much for watching if we 10,000
likes then I will do this again and yeah
I will see you in the next video mines
see you later guys
love you
