haha hello everyone
guess what time it is and Sam's more
time currently it is 2 a.m. everyone
everyone big one everyone's probably
sleeping right now in in the meshes of
household actually limping anyone
sleeping
oh no Brian is look up Brandon sleeping
he is such an angel just observe the
cute little goddamn brother sleeping so
anyway we are back with the Sims for you
guys I love this series let's where
could we hit 10,000 mics last time you
know that was that's crazy
if we're gonna turn down together dad
that no no don't be now by advance don't
you why she crying poor dolls someone
smashed the dollhouse how terrible yeah
it was god damn donut why is he crying
about the gun Dada a baby slut needs to
grow the hell up
first off you're a boy okay you
shouldn't be carrying about to god damn
door why is that bus stop wasn't even
his doors sec another always a boy you
should be playing with dolls okay baby
slut needs to grow up and I didn't plan
that to happen but I'm kind of glad that
did because today we are gonna do just
that we are going to turn baby slut up
he's gonna have his birthday by
legitimate he's no longer gonna be a
stupid little kid he is now gonna be a
stupid little teenager
so yeah what I did Wow my everyone was
gone you know behind the scenes shit
right here I created BAM I created a -
buh-bye um I create a tiki bar look at
the Dicky bar I'm trying out to be
racist and I cried like a little bit
dining area we got a dance floor right
here with the music and the guitar and
some most and some more speakers up here
man this is gonna be one hell of a party
so I know last time a lot of you
concerned about it about the weight
problem but look at Brandon now
the Hulk look at this six-pack the
six-pack of muscles look how fine he is
goddamn every woman wants this guy slut
still got a six-pack as well but I've
made a little bit of skinny I associated
that bad she's just happy chipping away
at a drink just sparing it stare into
space what are you doing slut come on
now get your shit together what the hell
is she looking at sir
stop talking to yourselves so before we
do anything I actually want to change
everyone's outfits today all right
apparently unlock some new stuff and
quickly get a cardboard or what they
wear it open a bob sunny Feber now Bob
sunny indeed branded oh my goodness I
could put him in a good time tuxedo what
the house is what the house is Albert
look how fabulous this guy is gone brand
do a little bit of 12 oh my goodness
look look what I logged oh my goodness
I've unlocked the goddamn Gremory
mouthing what is this oh my goodness
boys it's ours
oh look I love to space outfit from when
we went to space Oh a star laughing oh
look how smooth this guy is with this
outfit God that one of our stars we got
we got this scarf rat oh yeah I like the
sculpt right now gentlemen I think I
might figure man your sister what else
we got the suburban cowboy
or riders the Cowboys don't you know
that's what I won't let Jen tlemen
Brannon from now on is gonna be a cowboy
up in this homey homey dog the house a
thing back okay now for his party outfit
okay we're gonna change him out of this
look at him posing God he knows he's a
beautiful some some guy okay I'm gonna
do the after-hours VIP at Parral look
house but it looks like goddamn Michael
Jackson be the gene it's not my lover
okay that's enough of brightness out
faces I'm lookin sluts outfit now oh oh
my goodness okay that's a nice little 12
sluts let's go oh she likes it that she
likes it okay let's change sluts day
outfit what's this oh look oh my
goodness she's a cowboy as well oh my
goodness for this episode everyone's
gonna be Cowboys why the hell not wait
what's this I can make it me to yoga oh
my goodness where's the mosque baby oh
my goodness look up look how much of a
pimp it looks look at that oh my
goodness he's like a bimp god damn yeah
look at his sexy cowboy yeah yeah I did
not make a good motor looking once
everyone Cowboys look at these two I
don't know why we're Cowboys but we've
got that Cowboys okay you're gonna get
used to it I'm a cowboy now okay ladies
and gentlemen today we are going to have
a birthday party for a baby slut okay so
we need to do a couple of stuff before
we can have the party now first off we
can't have a birthday party without
being a birthday cake
so slut is gonna have to make us a
birthday cake all right slut cook a
chocolate cake oh my goodness okay last
time
slut cook the meal something really bad
happened but you know what I'm sure that
won't happen again
uh-huh okay slide be careful now please
love of God be careful everything seems
to be going okay she has it up uh okay
oh look at that skills whoa oh my
goodness what is that what the hell what
are you putting in that oh my goodness I
think she's trying to point us poisonous
uh-oh she's thinking about fires oh my
goodness
no no don't think about fire slut don't
think about fire okay here we have a
juggler cake no dump the goddamn
chocolate cake in the floor for goodness
sake don't want to do everything about
it around here what is wrong with you
okay so what we do with a chocolate cake
is we click on it and we add birthday
candles and apparently now it is not a
birthday cake yeah okay whose but
there's gonna be of course it's gonna be
baby slutty m'q slutty
okay so let's invite everyone to the
party okay it looks like we've got one
hell of a party apparently these two
kids are gonna skip school come on
that's half an hour left the school okay
go home no one cares about school kids
you should always never go to school
your birthday that's like the one rule
come on mom
one day it's one day okay now that we're
doing a birthday party we are set with
some certain tasks and if we do all
these tasks we get a we get a special
weapon okay a weapon a special item
while I say weapon so our first task is
to make drinks Brandon come on now make
drinks for everyone yeah yeah look
around and go look at the Brandon at the
tiki bar yeah well at the tiki bar
at the tiki bar
after think about Oh oh my goodness
finally come on look alive man you're at
the tiki bar at the tiki bar hey hey
what song am i singing I don't even know
that's it is a good song nevertheless
come on man it's done a lot much of a
party come on let's get this this get
some music up on this what's the but
they keep doing the planning a goddamn
computer you're better have fun
why do you look so sad hmm I'm very sad
I am on my birthday party
god dammit baby slut okay so apparently
we have to compliment the birthday sip
oh god damn it I don't care whose your
birthday okay let's ask about school
let's pretend that we care about and
play a game with the birthday sim for
goodness sake why is this so long I
don't know why you want to play chess on
your goddamn birthday the most boring
god damn game ever okay you happy now
you're playing chess baby suck come on
come on stairs you have to block the
candles quick happy birthday to you
happy birthday to you happy birthday
yeah I'm a ghost ballparking through it
um I mean dead baby slow
happy birthday to you yeah yeah blow the
cake Oh what would she get the hanger
from look at his face oh my goodness
baby slut what the hell is wrong with
you man oh my goodness
Jesus Christ I cannot get over this guy
look how god damn where Dee looks like
he's still a little bit of a fatty oh my
goodness is this absolute idiots okay
guys I'm gonna end the video here I
don't know this is probably gonna be a
short episode it feels like a short
episode all we did was pretty much have
a birthday and change outfits but um
yeah I'm sort of running out of ideas on
Sims 4 so if you guys want to suggest be
anything then be sure to let me know
when it comes out down below I do have a
special episode coming up next though so
if you guys will see that let's say if
we reach 10,000 likes I'll upload the
next Sims 4 episode but any of my guys
are warning thank you guys so much for
watching if you enjoyed uh
leave me a comment and tell me let me
know and yeah anyway I'll see you in the
next video mines see later guys love you
