hello everyone how is everyone doing
today we are back actually no I didn't
say my name hello it's mushy Sophia
hello everyone today we are back playing
some more Dead Rising 3 I'll play this
game solo look I've even got mr. cuddles
here
hey everyone I'm playing dead run 3 I
hope you missed me
I have a play dead ran free in the last
time so yeah there's been a lot of new
stuff going on with there as a feel it's
been a shit ton of DLC this games got
shit Turner DLC and yeah but this game
is awesome I absolutely love it so today
what I'm going to do I'm going to show
you some more new costumes I'm going to
show some more survivors in the butter
board and we can end it with a
psychopath mission
okay enough fooling around so that was
all the costumes ahead I'm gonna stick
with my goddamn as sexy outfit I got
right now look at me I'm goddamn
beautiful so let me show you all the
survivors I've stayed in the bulletin
board at the moment I've saved 16 of
them so we're gonna take five lucky
stars or bitches to come help me find
this psychopath
so over here we got Dwayne Dwayne Dwayne
is a police officer he gonna shoot
everyone
we got Troy's I don't know who can't get
shit about Troy look at Troy oh we got
just over here The Bodyguard from last
time we got your dad I'm here we go
Simon below med this is appreciate
British nod and then we've got Alexander
look at you fucking sexy bitch then we
got George and look at short is a mile
and then over here we got Robbie
god damn it brick me blonde and I have
to be on the bloody team or care are we
calm down we got Kelsey hello look at
Kelsey oh look at the cowboy I'm a
cowboy me and then we got Christine Oh
like a crazy Christine Christine some
crazy voodoo girl I'm pretty I'm
actually pretty scared of Christine I'm
no think I'm gonna pick her this time
and then we got candy but her I think
she is a hooker I'm not gonna lie I
think she's actually a
and then we got Eric Eric calm down okay
Eric calm the hell down Jesus Christ and
then we got Julia Julia calm down what's
wrong with you and then we got Marcus
the goddamn biker I'm a biker and then
we got war in a full football guy and
then we got carry their business woman
oh yeah
now Who am I gonna pick okay I think
we'll pick Alexandra for sure
look Alex I'm just so scared oh---but
Kelsey because look at that she cowboy
uh-huh oh---but candy the prostitute
okay Carrie oh my god with Little Women
and we'll pick Rubby god damn it come on
up god damn devil or plan stop dicking
around to go get me a gun okay Robbie
I'll get you go won't get me a bloody
weapon I need to kill people
okay Ravi common I need a killer zombies
man okay so there's been like a lot of
new weapons in his game no she cry she
haven't tried that most of them I'm
pretty crazy okay grab your gun do one
who was this the fire Reaper whoo oh my
god that is our parent Helen as the best
weapon in the game he go Ravi the best
weapon in the game I give you that what
what do you mean whatever you guys have
your brother too buddy no seriously Ravi
just take the fucking weapon ah no
thanks do you have any idea how good
this weapon is I don't want about you
Kelsey you want this no Alexandra honey
hurry
you are great without the Brigid look at
this gun the booze now Ravi you better
enjoy this one letting everybody on the
pacifier
that is a gun is a steal see oh my god
later Alex I'm told you on this Oh
fasten Oh gracias
sui Caicos you got the bone crusher oh
my god all this DLC has so many cool
weapons this thing is massive
what ah oh my oh my god cowboy yeah yeah
the cowboy like the weapon okay so what
I'm gonna do now I'm going to take this
2x4 and combined it and I get the
Defiler yeah look at this thing okay who
wants this candy little hooker and last
but not least we'll use a spiked mace
and here you go carry Hey
done and here we finally have my team
but Brandon would a burnished coat
what about me up now ready to cue all
those zombies
okay mr. Carlos laughs gotcha so if we
use an LMG and a piece of dynamite we
will combine mr. cuddles with the LMG to
make a freedom bear
Oh mr. cuddles you look awesome
but I'm not done if we then use the
dynamite he turns into a boom bear look
at mr. cuddles god damn I know what I
mess with asylum bitch look at him or I
can't have mr. cuddles
okay so right now we are at South Oldham
and we need to make it up make it all
the way across two towns to this mansion
in Sunset Hills to do the second
language all right guys you need to
cover me mr. Carlos is very heavy
whoa what are you guys doing what oh my
God look at these guys what is they
doing oh my god I'm so I won't be
surprised of anyone tight come on come
on what are you guys doing oh okay hit
what is everyone doing
holy shit get off me I can still quick
head count one two oh oh oh god damn it
oh my goodness oh my goodness look at me
zombies are our holy shit
mr. Carlos help us oh my god mr. Cobb
use haha okay we met to the garage I
think we might as well just drive the
rest of the way there okay just protect
me guys I don't think we can actually
have a gun a gun a vehicle that will fit
everyone ah I don't know I'll try and
find something
okay there's another save point just
here now because this is probably gonna
be my last dead rising through video I
really wanted to show you guys something
but I never got a chance to do it in my
other episodes so let me do it right now
ready for launch
it's over
oh my god oh it killed 700 day two
zombies I make it look at this place
every zombie is dead oh my goodness oh
no there's some zombies back there okay
I need I need to go to get changed be
right back
okay guys we finally made it to this
psychopath
I'm surprised none of you actually died
if I'm totally honest uh are you like
ready to kill us like about I said it
got the Geller cycle of you good daddies
oh uh is that gonna explode okay we're
in the mansion we have to find the guns
where the guns are no you run down to
the store and get me some batteries for
the remotes and now I'm chips chips I
heard you might have a key to the armory
that's what I'm looking for yeah I need
those good on the outbreak going on do
you even know anything about this I
think it's around here somewhere
yay look you need to give me that key
there's weapons in an armory that can
keep dozens of people alive yeah
wait what holy shit what's dad is that
the helicopter and the helicopter with a
gun isn't it holy shit ha ha look at my
face oh my god
alright going guys we happen to be the
helicopters kill everyone guys uh guys
the helicopter ride that shit the
goddamn helicopter right here so could
you say so much sheet is runny or god
dammit I forgot a zombie it's right
there for goodness sake
just hit the couch that thing just hit
it oh my god oh my good Kelsey Kelsey
count away oh god Kelsey wake up Teddy
why did you do this
why did your bday Kelsey why could you
take Ravi oh god damnit Kelsey wake up
you stupid cow where you're gonna pay
for this you bastard what do we do
disable security panels Oh goddamit
you're gonna get it now get off the lake
ah get out my way stop me all right
one ruble down come on let's go open the
store open the stock okay I'll go
another one I got other ones okay I
think this is the last one I'll destroy
this and oh yes it's also good oh my
good there's more of us more drones all
right mr. close is your time to shine
Gorman close hey mr. Khan who's with me
oh my god miss mr. Connors mr. Gordon
why did you date Randy goddamn it
running it was just a bloody flight oh
my god you are gonna get it you are
gonna get it I swear to God
oh that's you little bastard I will how
you killed my friend oh my god shit ha
ha I have the key now to the guns ok Oh
what the hell's that
oh just blew all over the floor oh
that's disgusting I got an achievement
but that's still disgusting oh I guess
you could say he messed himself ok guys
that's it for dead rising 3 Dead Rising
3 is an awesome game and I think I
pretty much done all the videos I wanted
to do that doesn't reach me if you guys
do will see more then be sure to hit a
like button if you get to send my likes
to do some more but yeah I think I've
pretty much done everything I need to do
in this game but anyway guys I hope you
enjoyed this dead raspberry video and I
will see you
in the next video my siletti guys I love
you bye
