hello everyone
liquid of hain some more simple um I'm
having so much more fun places for the
moment so I'm gonna be making another
simple video today
now last episode I asked you guys to
name a name for my new baby child and I
swear to God
I've never had the most ridiculous sort
of names you guys come up with like
Susie you guys are freaking I don't know
what's wrong with you guys I'm gonna be
totally honest right now uh-huh I think
it'll be fun to show you some of the
names that you guys came up with namely
new kid bitch tits
like what what bitch tits name the baby
Mufasa ha ha ha ha fuck he make slutty
ha ha ha ha
name it Dickie okay name is sprinkle
titties or hot name the kid conk Panda
okay name the baby tits McGee butthole
slaughterer 30 shot chopped kentucky mix
/ me mixing hunting what oh my god
okay so I decided to name the kid donut
okay as in doughnut love you so where is
this little where is this little kid
let's have a look at the little kid
where did this Quinn come from I don't
quite know creep Oh baby look at him
stupid little donut a Hello slut oh my
god slut has gone so she has still
remained so fat look it's not now slut
was meant to be the woman of my dreams
and now look at her god damn donut is
freaking me out I'm not gonna lie donut
is scaring the hammamet slut you need to
go lose some weight I I'm so scared
about how fat you're gonna get can you
please go and workout got me
everybody look at little fatty Dornan
fatty look on little fatty run Linda
fatty look at little fatty walking a
puppy she's so fat fatty fatty fatty but
everybody see that's it's not go on
workout that's it there we are
oh god laughs you can do it you can do
it
I'm Adam what are you doing Oh Brad I
stopped lying on your computer games
let's see what we can do with Dona all
right hey donut how you doing
all right so click on donut I could talk
to the baby let us bounce the baby
buster baby bounce back but about look
at Brad and he's so happy I'm so happy
to be me cuz I'm also wait when you're
getting a little bit fat now I think
about a little your face I think you
might the workout as well along with
slut the baby
oh is that it
you do not like kids do okay let's talk
to the baby
look a branded bond with his little
donut little donut you stupid cute
little shit make silly face I want to
see the silly face do boohoo he's so
adorable the little baby the little baby
what else can I do with it
I can ku out it was that mean he's
admiring it does so keep Brandon you're
actually getting really fat I don't like
it so last episode I was checking out
this bloody rocket that I met that I'm
making Oh some thoughts on phones
ringing baby slide your phone's ringing
incoming call the principal answer it oh
no last time I answered the phone he
gave me bad news
all right principal what do you want uh
I don't know now I wonder what the hell
will this rocket should be like it's
random fucking shit in my back garden oh
no how a guy here
it just got here he should be done any
second now Oh what you built he actually
built a rocketship oh my goodness
this is crazy why do I need a rocketship
in the sins he is so happy create a
rocketship oh my goodness I can I could
explore space okay guys I think we're
gonna explore space oh my god this could
go horribly wrong you know what
just in case it goes horribly wrong I'm
gonna save my game all right Brandon
this is one small step for man one giant
leap for mankind oh my oh my
Oh
oh my goodness
lost in space Brandon is gliding through
the galaxy when he notices a
constellation he has never seen before
double-checking his coordinates
Brandon realizes he is not where he
thought he was what's more his ships GPS
has gone black he is lost in space
okay I guess I have to keep calm what
was this a treasure map trying not to
panic
Brandon scans the horizon for similar
stars there a flashing light he zooms
closer early to discover a mysterious
glass canister with what looks like a
message beacon inside extracting it
Brandon finds a map with an X marked on
a planet near the constellations head
it's almost too good to be trusted what
now well I'm lost in space so I have to
trust the map Brandon
Oh what's this
the tunnel sure enough the map leads
Brandon to a charrid looking planet with
a lone tree growing from a cliff at
first glance the place seems abandoned
but then he notices the opening to a
small tunnel beneath the tree go in um
sure
what's gonna happen next slide wake up
your boyfriend isn't lost in space and
your tip is he sleeping it found
something Brandon calls out no answer
the only sound is a soft dripping doning
his trusty headlamp he treads quietly
into the tunnel deeper and deeper until
he seems a beam of light coming through
a crack in the ceiling under it is a
locked box should he pry it open here
I'll bring it back to the ship I think
I'm gonna have to take her back to the
ship caught treasure
Brandon acts fast heaving the box into
his shoulders he crammed it into his
cargo hold but can't resist a peek
before working on his GPS treasure
mounds of it
someone will be looking for this soon in
fact Brandon can sense a rumbling in the
distance which seems to be getting
closer get them why's everyone so chill
in this household well Brandon is in
space can you guys please panic or
something escaped
Brandon sets to work on his GPS reboot
reboot reboot yes a signal at last he
blasts up and just in time too an army
of spidery aliens has covered the
hillside and opened fire
holy shit pushing his engines to
limit Brandon gets free but not without
substained a heads to his thermal system
this'll be a rocky landing Yannick Saji
burgers Oh where's shaggy what hello
oh my goodness
ah Brandon are you okay dazed oh okay
and now he's good to get some food this
is some wind I'll shit okay well I guess
that was me exploring space what the
hell well I don't know what that
achieved but it achieves something so
slut what are you doing you're always on
the goddamn toilet every time I come to
you you're on the toilet alright I think
what you can do is you can feed it and
you can breastfeed it don't slut
breastfeed your baby take out them
titties and let little donut suck on
your titties gone donut suck on those
titties so guys I've decided what I'm
gonna do right I want slut and Brandon
to get married okay so I think that they
love each other so much uh-oh
okay so what I want you to do is I want
you to go more choices romance and
propose here is the option I can't wait
to see this clown Brandon come on
Brandon he's gonna propose he's gonna
propose oh my god it's like you're
getting a little bit you're a little bit
of a fatty I don't know how Brandon's
doing this oh my goodness she left into
my arms that is so adorable since we
just proposed I think now's the time to
have a little bit of romance sex all
right these two are gonna get it on yeah
let's get it on look at her look at baby
slut sitting outside he's like hey guys
you don't mind if I coming what are you
doing
I wonder what baby slut reaction is for
this baby could the baby little baby ah
little doula ah
doughnut doughnut so wizard why is this
Kiki disappearing what could this baby
do stupid baby what does it do God mom
and dad do that do that do that do that
yeah Brandon go
come on baby upload like a mother bass
like tonight yeah
go baby go girl go brother yeah yeah
yeah Brad you work it look at this guy
um Brandon come on you just had it
Brandon hello Brandon Brandon okay I
should probably play this game properly
and actually get these guys some jobs
okay so what how do we get these guys
jobs okay so we go on the phone and then
we click find a job all right Brandon
what job are you gonna pick okay so
Brandon can either be an astronaut which
is kind of funny since he sorta always
already been in space he can either be a
painter he could be in the cooking he
could be a tech guru ooh he can either
be an eSports game up or a startup
entrepreneurs Robin ooh I like the sound
of an eSports gamer he can either be a
secret agent
oh my goodness live life unnoticed as a
convert operator from infiltrating enemy
headquarters to the art of interrogation
the more you learn the less you will be
known oh he's got to be a writer but
that's boring who write shit anymore
I'll leave that shit to Shakespeare and
he already dated you can never be a
criminal okay I don't want to be a
criminal or he can be in the
entertainment industry
yeah yeah he could be a comedian now I
let's be honest I am pretty funny so I
think that Brandon is gonna be an
entertainer yeah yeah all right you
stupid slut you're gonna have to get a
job as well
I don't you think you're gonna go to bed
you silly little girl okay so I want
slut to be a secret agent she is gonna
be the best secret agent in the whole of
Somalia okay yeah yeah look at you babe
it look good you slut up Ryan's got a
pee Brandon I got a B are gonna be gonna
be mouflon
I gotta pee
does this baby just sit here donut what
do you do what does this baby do stupid
donut donut don't ask her to sleep go to
sleep go to sleep my baby go to sleep go
to sleep go to sleep baby the world
Brandon eats his cereal with the fork he
is very happy in doing so let us see
what he is doing he is very happy he
looks to the right nothing is there he
looks to the left there is also nothing
there
shut up oh my goodness shut the hell up
donut I leave your love with two seconds
why you got done crying baby slut can
you please take out this baby make it
shut up baby look oh alright you little
fatty go get some food I'm guess I gonna
have to wake up the mother I don't know
what the hell does baby was maybe it
wants me to change this goddamn diapers
don't worry donut your slut of a moms
come here to save the day
oh my you gonna block out the jet
diaper-changing
okay the baby's still crying
what do you want you bloody doors off
alright alright alright I guess he wants
a bit of the titties
alright just give him some of the titty
slut the baby wants to titties gone suck
on them titties sucking knowledge it is
like you want McCollum that's better on
it sir okay I think that's enough Sims
bored today I think we did a lot we had
a baby we went to outer space
we got the tube up the tube guys jobs
and we propose to each other so I think
next episode what we're gonna do is that
Brandon and slut are gonna have their
wedding which will be absolutely
hilarious but anyway guys I want to
thank you so much I'm having
so much fun with sims 4 and I know you
guys have fun watching it so if you guys
do want some more sims 4 then be sure to
hit that like button and as soon as we
hit I don't know about 6,000 likes I'll
upload the next episode straight away
but yeah thank you guys so much for
watching I hope you had fun as cuz I
have another fun and I will see you in
the next episode see you later guys love
you bye
