everyone I'm doing absolutely amazing
today we are back playing some more dirt
Sims 4 so last time we made Brandon and
my new girlfriend over here we got it we
got a girl for the first time yes we
finally have a girlfriend
it took us like a day to get a
girlfriend I don't know what's wrong
with that but that's the Sims below yeah
what's my girlfriend doing now oh she's
going to the toilet look how she walked
when she wants to go to the toilet she's
happy now she guards you gonna do a poo
on a toilet like a half as she is she
satisfied I did a poo I'm very happy
about doing the pappases why is
everything so happy anyway today what I
want to do is I want to get my new
girlfriend pregnant that's right we're
gonna have a baby with my girl we're
gonna we're gonna have a baby what the
hell what's happening now well I'm gonna
date when did I schedule a day what the
what what what's going on alright so
good Brandon and my girlfriend are going
on a little date now so what are options
here we could have to go to the park
uh-huh that's a pretty good first date
we can either go to a baja we can go to
the gym we go to the house
or the museum you know what let's go to
the gym all right all right come on work
out we go back we've got equipment at
home why my hair oh my God look at this
go look at this girl she's going in look
it up oh my goodness Go Go yeah oh my
goodness look gonna sweat you know it
always that what happens when you walk
out God Bradshaw show how it's done oh
look and if it's getting changed alright
gone Brandon pop dose gone fuck those
guys yeah yeah yeah yeah oh God boss
those guard
yaaaa
yeah Brandon why struggling so badly
come on
this girl's showing you up look at her
and see how my girlfriend's doing oh my
goodness you doing better than me look
it up look at you struggling God slut
you could do it you can look at this
she's just watching Brandon struggle
she's like why you struggling so much
write it what what the hell wrong I did
this easy-peasy
what the hell was wrong with you oh my
goodness becoming friends now who is
this girl look Lauren I remember saying
hello to Lauren go are you are you are
you singing the shower will it give me
option oh it's giving me the option try
for a baby with me me and my girlfriend
I'll go and have a baby here get out of
here
you don't want to know how babies am hey
just yet why is it we're about to make
magic over here get out why is your my
bed go away you know what I'm getting
sick of you can you please let me pause
the game okay can you put your stupid
kid
get get out and just go over here I
don't know why but you just go over
there huh ah what's happening it's
happening we're having a baby
kids don't look away kids look away if
you don't know how babies are made
we're just where's the stock where's the
stock hello
we're Santa Santa oh yeah making the
babies oh yeah yeah making the babies do
we see any any any increase in her belly
do I see a baby baby where are you
uncomfortable why can't this Sims cook
for themselves
why'd they struggle so much do I have to
do everything about here what am i God I
can hear a phone ring who's finds that
ran your phone's ringing incoming call
Katrina Catalina
we'd like to come over and hang out is
that okay yes your baby come on this
woman
I haven't not met any sip and now
Katrina mom Elena wants to come to my
house where do the ways it's gonna come
from this yes we'll just go could change
Catalina was the name katrina Catalina
where's the girl gone um hello Katrina
Catalina why are you checking out your
Facebook no I care about your facebook
why is this random girl come into my
house between a Catalina and playing on
my computer what's going on I Katrina
Catalina I wanted to be your friend
I'm gonna have to insult you
all right I don't like you actually no
let's let's do mischief let us trick
with a hand buzzer what's the hand
buzzer you feel inspired talk about
dreams with somewhat romantic you know
what Katrina Catalina can I talk about
my dreams with you oh you like look at
him just look at him here is the perfect
man guys based on the perfect man
because he is the perfect man these guys
are so cute he needs to do it needs to
be PL o what you leave in there who
poops out green stuff oh that's
disgusting
where is my kid gun oh wait wait wait
wait friendly introduction oh look at
this girl she's a pretty girl pretty
girl oh she will talk about toys let's
talk about toys let's talk about the
Nintendo who and and and the
Playstations don't talk about books you
stupid kid what kids likes to talk about
bugs I wonder if I could make this girl
my girlfriend I don't think I can I'm
too young for that he's so happy he
the youngest kid ever let's wake it up
oh my goodness is the mum the mums like
don't talk to this ugly looking child
you don't want to socialize with this
you wanna socialize with this oh my
goodness this is hilarious can I say
hello to the mother hello mommy I want
to I want to see what the punching bag
does come on girl come over here oh look
at that
she's so adorable you can do it this is
so adorable so I put this thing okay
which I think it's a rocket ship right
so now I'm gonna get Brandon to make a
rocket ship that's so far oh okay you're
making the rocket ship go Brandon you
make that rocket ship how long it's
gonna take it to make a rocket ship how
the hell does Brandon know to make a
rocket ship what's that well the
equipment where are you getting the
equipment from where did you get this
stuff from even know what it's doing
look at him he's like oh I would just
remembered I don't know what the hell
I'm doing oh there's another level oh my
goodness this is actually actually doing
this isn't he he is actually crying a
rocket ship you know what Brandon this
is looks like it's taking a long time
how about you Scoob pause the bill pause
the building go and have a shower go and
have some food and just go to bed oh
what's this
she's fairly uncomfortable because she's
got morning sickness
it's from pregnancy week
the pregnant we got ma we got my baby
pregnant huh wife my kids phone ringing
the principal is calling answer it
oh no baby what what did you do at
school today
oh my goodness okay can everyone calm
down calm down don't panic okay don't
panic
all right it's just the principal all
right if I ever calm down I'm not sure
it where is he okay what did he say
baby slut is not the first C student and
he surely won't be the last
wouldn't the weekend be a great time to
bump his grades up you hear that you
stupid kid get your grades up stay in
school
god damn hit this woman she has to pee
oh my goodness look how big she's gone
oh my goodness she know I was gonna say
she has to be like every two minutes
look how pregnant she is oh my word just
a page copy oh my word look it up I
didn't even notice I think she's gone Oh
Brian why are you doing huh Brandon are
you playing The Sims whoa what is that
that's Tim's one Brandon how'd you get
Sims one of the computer its inception
all right I've just all the Pizza Hut
come on Pizza man where are ya huh
Brandon reached level 3 in video games
Brandon everyone loves this virtual
reality thing what is it I don't even
know
yeah Brandon you bear level up in video
games and in real life I'm level 10
here's the pizza look at the pizza lady
what whoa she's the wizard
I've made that joke so many times I'm
really interested to see what what is
this rocket ship gonna be like I spent
so much money on it thinking is this
some some decoration I know I'm actually
building it in my back garden what's
going on called my goodness look how big
this girl is gone why did you do that
you just brought that dish god damn it
what am I gonna do with you oh my
goodness look she's gone
oh my word look how big she's gone she
still loves to play video games this
surely can't be good for the baby
oh my goodness she playing she's playing
like baseball now what's this what's
this a couple turn hat is this oldest
boy kicking balls a new woman what's
going on she's tagging this painting was
going on seriously you know expensive
this is to replace do not jeez do not
zis samolians the world Brandon prepares
a meal for himself what how'd you do
that
Jesus poured you put a sandwich on and
it all it all lines up on top of each
other how did you do that he's a waiter
oh look we got the whole family here in
having having breakfast it's hopping
family guys everyone's happy except with
this kid yeah I have a feeling today is
gonna be the day my girlfriend
oh oh my goodness this is amazing
absolutely crazy looks like a fat woman
she's in labor
why is she just walking hello
wait what where's she gone can I see the
baby
hello bran is gone and the kids at
school what's going on I had a kid oh
okay I thought I could go to the
hospital
oh okay anyway guys
that's me having a kid in Sims instance
for this is an interesting thing
okay how about I'm gonna let you guys
name my child okay I'm not gonna name
the same as last time but I'm gonna let
you guys name it okay but yeah anyway I
want to thank you guys so much for
watching and yeah I will see you in the
next video see you later guys
