hello everyone and as you can see from
my face I am excited why am I excited to
you us I can hear you asking
I'm sorry cuz we're playing this Sims
for the proper Sims 4 so this is like my
second video distance poor pup excited
it's pretty much my first one because
the first one the first one was my crazy
sim one so this is sort of like the real
one but anyway last episode we created
our cute little Brandon Harry is looking
at me so goddamn sexy he is god damn
sexy I don't know why he's so goddamn
sex still and I must have been based on
some really handsome fella I don't know
and then we created slutty mix Lottie
here now I had to recreate them because
my saves didn't say so now as promised
we're gonna create a stupid little kid
now in my last and my last sim series on
my sims 3 series if you didn't watch it
I had a slut I had a hate child called
baby slut so today we are gonna create
the most annoying little shit of a
childhood as we possibly can and we're
gonna name him baby slowly mix slutty
yeah doggy okay now what the hell should
we make this baby look like he was what
I came up with look at this guy who's
the house he is oh my god he looks
absolutely disgusting look at him okay
so he's got the bone haircut just like
last time look at look at his eyes he's
like it's like he's hot or some shit
okay this is what I've come up with all
right this is baby sad baby slowly mix
ladies normal day outfit look at him I
don't know why he likes to wear unicorns
but but but he likes to wear unicorns I
don't know why he likes to wear wellies
but but but he likes to wear well he's
it's loud you forgot to wear pants baby
slut what's wrong with you and now when
baby slut was to go out in his formal
outfit this is where I put him in look
at that that's actually a cute little
bowtie look at him
he's so happy to be in the key little
bowtie oh my god and then for athletic
he likes to wear a purple t-shirt I
don't know what the hell he's wearing to
be honest baby slut what are you wearing
why they allow me to okay this is what
he likes to wet the bed he's happy about
it he's chill about it guys he's chill
don't worry about it man and last but
definitely not least the boy up on my
computer I have no idea but I'm using it
so he whenever he goes out to a party
and he turns into a hot dog little
chubby wubby good little chubby wubby
chubby chubby wubby what else do we have
to sort out we have to sort out his
voice oh my god that sounds annoying
okay what if I do it really high pitch
sweet or warm okay - no - no we have to
give him one trait
I wonder if annoying is gonna be a tray
okay we do miss a goofball it's crazy
okay screw this baby alright so we got
our family we got we got a sexy Brandon
over here we got slutty mix slut slut
over here and then we got a stupid
little kid in it stupid little unicorn
outfit okay let's hurry up and do this
okay so right now we're in an empty
house I find the house buildings to be
the boring part of the Sims so I shall
come back when I have my sexy goddamn
house so ho we're back as you may've
noticed
Brendon sure you're wearing different
t-shirts oh yeah
I was creating my house right and then
all of a sudden after like three hours
it just deleted itself so I had to make
my house again but let me show you my
brand-new house and play with this bone
Braddock get off your goddamn phone
where'd you get the fight from I give
him a phone he's playing a game on his
phone when he played you playing flappy
bird so old ladies gentlemen this is my
house my mouse my sexy house and I know
what you're thinking guys I know what
you're thinking it looks like it looks
like hmm it looks like a pretty garden
sex
so if you watch my first episode of my
last let's play when she didn't which
you probably didn't the first thing we
did right was we may Brandon have sex
which literally makes ludie so obviously
you know that's what we're gonna do in
his goddamn episode so they've just
moved in like a slutty mixed-blood
playing on the computer
what are you plagued you played Tetris
okay so Brandon has never spoken to slut
before okay so we're gonna talk to her
okay so firstly what we're gonna do this
is how you pick up the girls guys take a
note of this okay you gotta ask your
girl about her day first you know you
got to keep keep keep a busy you know
and then you gotta get to know her you
know because you can't have a
relationship with a girl if you don't
know what the goddamn girl slide stop
playing Tetris and speak to Brandon
goddammit France already on the bed he
knows where he's after I guess luck you
gotta get you to do some of the work
here all right I want you to brighten
Brandon's day okay make
me goddamn happy Brandon's talking to
slut and stuff maybe listening I'm
trying to have a relationship with you
why would you listen to me why won't you
love me so adorable look at bat he's so
happy talking about airplane shit man is
the happiest day of his life okay
Brandon you've got to know slut enough
right now I want you to compliment her
yeah girls love to compliments guys
alright you still taking notes alright
and then what we're gonna do we're gonna
we're gonna know what should we do
let us flirt with her and then ask her
if she is signal signal single music
Brandon man you know what to do I don't
have to do this shit okay let's ask if
she sings sing single why say that word
slut single we already knew that anyway
this uh ass Corinne asked a risky
question oh shit okay he's asking the
risky question Brandon where's he coming
why do you look so happy all the time
what is Brandon doing walk why are you
walking no are you Terry to do this
stuff what's wrong with you sluts on the
bed by herself why haven't you done me
think about this
Brandon what are you doing you need to
you need to get with slut Eddie look so
happy
I love the war King in this game it's so
adorable I come on
Oh what's rejected wait what's happening
now what's happening each other that's
so adorable
Brandon what are you doing in the toilet
why you look so happy being in the
toilet I've never seen someone having so
much joy in taking a shit look at look
at space huh okay he's up
yeah you better flush wash your hands
good boy
why just taking so long okay let's see
what baby slut is doing baby slut where
are you oh my goodness what a hell are
you doing are you playing in some
virtual reality game what the hell was
this this kid is crazy I hate this kid
so much okay like an hour later we've
made I made these two like talk like
hell okay
now Brandon is going to ask surd to be
his girlfriend now this could either go
really well and all my work would have
finally paid off or this could go
horribly wrong baby slut get out of this
room you are bad energy get out of it
he's gonna ask her he's gonna ask her oh
my god Brandon chill chill Brandon come
on you got this this is this is what
we've been waiting for slut is gonna be
your girlfriend come on girlfriend in a
video game alright so now that they're
boyfriend and girlfriend maybe just be
we will be able to have sex okay but
first we need to have our first kiss all
right here it goes there
so cute
either that though QG woody woody woody
yes yes oh look at this we have the
option we have the option ladies and
gentlemen the whoo-hoo is what without
him when for carbon oh I'm just getting
a wound up you know let's hat that's how
you have the woohoo you got to get her
warmed up you know you can't go straight
to the whoo-hoo oh wait what No the
recording died No okay ladies and
gentlemen it's the moment of truth
it's the moment Ruth both of them are
very tired this is probably gonna be the
worst sex of their entire lives but I
don't care it's the first time Oh
romantic music playing my goodness oh
yeah yeah that they get it on guys let's
get it on oh my god I'm still coming
woohoo lost a lot longer in sims 4 holy
what holy crap what the hell together
that's so adorable
okay guys that is gonna be it that's all
I want to do and since in sims 4 we've
done a lot this bus a twist bus episode
we've created a house we've finally got
a girlfriend with slut and it's it's all
good we've had do we've had sex for the
first time okay so that was a bit of a
crazy episode took longer than I thought
but anyway I want to thank you guys so
much for watching if you do if you do
want to see more sims 4 because I want
to play more students bored because it's
it's really fun and I
and yeah I'm having a lot of fun with it
your CMOS in sport then be sure to hit
the like button and I'll maybe do some
more and yeah it's pretty much we're
gonna stay hope you enjoy
look at my house is so goddamn pretty
uh-huh and yeah I will see you in the
next video see you later guys love you
bye
