once upon a time lived a young boy
called Harry Potter
after making seven terrible failures
had he decided to give up his wizardry
and spent the rest of his life in the
city of Liberty but Harry was safe just
yet
an old friend managed to track down poor
Harvey promised to kill them once and
for all
now how we must return yet again save
the world and truly become the Boy Who
Lived
ladies and gentlemen this hiring quota
I'll be okay Harry Potter's up Harry
Potter's ah look at you look at you
Harry is this what your life has come to
no one even knows who you are anymore
you used to mean something after my
movies finished what do I have left have
nothing I'm just some washed-up actor
and nobody
hello
here's the
okay I'm coming I'm coming
hello sir um excuse me I'm your cousin
who the hell are you
oh sorry force of habit hello Harry
Potter my name is Roman how you doing um
hello Roman sorry I don't do pictures
with fans anymore
no hi they only come for a picture then
what do you want Roman haven't you
watched the news hardly the world it has
gone to shit and don't know what's
happening out there I need to help Harry
please look I'm bleeding please help the
challah please the noose I've ever seen
anything on the news let me see one
second regional news hey how's the girl
my name is Gary the crackhead and I've
got my fucking nose for you the world's
gone to fucking shit with cars exploding
everywhere my crack dealers gone a
fucking toy and I don't even know how
the fuck I got here and now over the
highway the boiler I oh you're right dad
sorry the toilet here and as you can see
the people they just don't give a fuck
mate they destroy them what absolute
thing goes for the way I could say some
we carry thanks mate this just fucking
in terms of our people I travel absolute
cunts because they're trying to escape
from fucking zombies let's go on with
the kind of slur for an exclusive
interview
ah hello people of Liberty City I see
you have noticed the spell I cast it on
your pathetic City I have a message for
a new resident by the name of Harry
Potter meet me at the Triangle strip
club where we can finally end this see
Holly the world has gone mad we need
your help
only you could save us please Harry
without you the world it would turn into
zombies please Harry you must help us
please hurry we need you
we need you Roman
I've spent my whole life fighting with
this man he's robbed me of my childhood
but for some reason this time it feels
different it feels like the end let's
fucking do this
alright okay trust absolutely okay okay
all right all right okay okay okay okay
holy shit oh yes fuck looks like guns
movement get up get up get up get up oh
my god oh my god
run it move it
yes cousin I'm right behind you guys's
run for it because it going
keep running
okay Robin I think we lost them I think
we lost them that shit was too close
back there Roman we need something
stronger than these guns Kazon can I ask
you something a bit personal um sure
Roman what is it cousin what the fuck
happened to your face men look I had
some problems installing the mod okay
just ignore it okay Kazon but they have
another question why don't you use magic
to kill the zombies Roman I haven't used
magic in over 10 years
I'm scared Roman I'm scared I'll let you
down just like I did with the magical
broom you know huh but cousin they're
zombies they're just too strong there is
no way we're going to make it to the
strip club with these shitty guns we
need you javi I need you without you the
world
it was telling it's forever what
happened to you handyman what happened
to you I don't know that was the old
main oh shit Kasim I don't know what to
say but you will always be the Boy Who
Lived
I am the motherfucking Boy Who Lived I
am mother fucking Harry Potter we don't
need these guns we have magic on our
side magic okay let me see if I can
remember the spell stand back Roman whoa
it worked okay Roman this spell will
create a portal which will teleport us
hopefully much closer to the strip okay
okay okay Roman oh my god Roman thank
god you're right Baltimore I have waited
for your return at first I didn't think
I'd be ready but this time it's time I'm
gonna fucking kill you
the potential
are you
today hey Roman would you like to see
another magic trick of course you do
okay get ready
Wow
and broken
ah
alright Roman by my calculations the
stripclub
is just up this road look at this zombie
look at it it's for good how to walk
disgusting disgusting absolutely
disgusting
alright Roman it's just up this road
okay here we are here we are we're at
the strip club I'm not gonna lie I
didn't think we're gonna make it
be ready Roman be ready Voldemort could
be anywhere
trust no one where is he where is he
ah Harry Potter what a surprise what
took you so long
I were thinking you weren't going to
make it
that's it Baltimore undo this curse it's
over your face look I had some problems
installing the mod okay just just fuck
off
I'm never going to undo this curse join
me Harry we can rule the world together
I will never join you Baltimore you are
scum you are pure evil well in that case
it would be such a shame to kill you
wait on the second why do you do hate
each other so much well that's a bloody
good points I've actually forgotten why
don't you just stop this and become
friends friends I don't know maybe what
do you think Harry Baltimore
I've spent my whole life chasing after
you you robbed me of my childhood and
now no one remembers my name
hurry I'm so sorry I had no idea
but recently I've met a friend Roman who
does remember me remembers the good
times he has made me realize I need to
move on from my past and just live the
rest of my life but I don't know how we
can become friends just like that don't
worry cousin I have the perfect date are
we here come on baby
let's get it strut let's get a strike
come on oh I got a nine come on
oh yes I love me but the bowling come on
let's get a strike come on let's get a
strike oh my goodness a nine
okay here we go cousin I'm going to get
the strike I was done come on oh yes
it's very nice oh my goodness that was
so much fun
you know what Voldemort I spent my whole
life thinking that you're a bad guy now
that I've spent some time with you
you're actually a really nice person say
Voldemort
now that we're friends do you think you
can undo this on because well I was
enjoying the zombies but you know once
okay Harry
just for you Wow volleyball you really
are a nice guy this is the start of a
beautiful friendship I love you
Voldemort
we knew hey uh how's it going my name is
guy the crackhead and I've got some
fuckin nose for you again
seems like shits going back to fucking
normal apparently some cans named
Baltimore put on some fucking cast but
to be totally honest I don't really give
a fuck now thank you Gary hello it's
correct a crazy fucker right now pussy
