hello everyone my name is messed up and
hello welcome back how was everybody god
damn do it I am doing absolutely
fabulous today ladies and gentleman we
are playing one of my most favorite game
and I was so excited to play this game
today we are playing Mirror's Edge it is
one of the most beautiful goddamn games
out there man so yeah today I am still
recording this with my face last video I
did do a poll to see if you guys enjoyed
the face cams and using two absolutely
loved a face cams only 4% of you
actually didn't want to see any face
cams whatsoever so ladies gentlemen this
is this is the new schedule of mess
yourself there is going to be now three
videos a week okay two of them are gonna
be with the face cam because these face
cam videos only take me a day and one of
them is not gonna be face cam and it's
gonna be one of those highly edited
average you know normal mess yourself
videos that has a lot of planning and
yada yada yada because that takes me
like a week so I would rather upload
three times a week then one time a week
so legitimate let's talk let's show you
what to help mirrors edges okay so
mirrors edge right is basically this
parkour through free roaming game now
look at this game look how beautiful
this oh my life hello but look at this
look at this there's a plane over there
hello mr. Blayne brother dude it is god
damn beautiful oh look how high I am see
yeah basically I'm like a parkour
freakin ninja
right running from rooftop to rooftop it
is absolutely beautiful
all right where we go to go see the game
don't even tell us where to go jump I'm
a ninja okay where do we go
no the riptides why what happened
oh crap it's a high-voltage mr. rod mr.
rod got to reach its my voltage ciri
wrist a rat way will I die if I touch
this I got it
I've got this bitch oh I'm gonna jump
over from building to building okay so
our task I'm basically gonna show you
guys one level of the game and maybe
even another one if I've got time but
this game is so beautiful I love it
I I didn't want to make a video of this
game because I didn't know how
entertaining it would be I don't know
how entertaining would be so that's why
now that I'm out doing face cam videos
you got something to look at when things
get a little bit boil look at this is so
beautiful these are plain over there
hello mr. plane Oh Paco all right
where'd it go but jump over her all
right
how do we get up that building oh my
goodness where oh oh there's a red door
over there
Oh Paco it was at this moment Brandon
knew he fucked up
yeah we fell Oh what the hell whip stop
we'll go back here ah okay we're back hi
okay let's try make this drop again okay
third time's a charm
okay for the fourth time I'm now going
to try and jump off from this other
building maybe get a bit of a height in
there oh yeah look at that look at that
I even did a Rollie pollie that's how
much regard to have ninja I am okay
that's how you supposed to do it I'm
such an idiot
oh my god I'm gonna void this story
because I'm just want to show you guys
Mirror's Edge it's a goddamn beautiful
get me go in the elevator hello go in
the elevator can I go up please huh it's
a cutscene looks like I'm going to have
to skip it Oh what happened what
happened in there oh crap it's the Popo
shit guys the Popo okay I came for some
reason I did something wrong and now
we're on the run from the police
oh god damn the music's picked up holy
shit get out of it jump over here Oh
where we going I don't know
okay break the glass oh where do we go
where do we go guys up here wall run oh
oh gee where do we go now will we go
guys where we go we'll go guys hello
through here oh my god
what's this okay we're the next room I'm
not panicking guys are you panicking I'm
not panicking up here Chuck oh okay we
made it whoa we made it we in we in the
vents now we got to be nasty crash
everyone be quiet guys we in a vent now
we got to be sneaky sneaky now they
don't know we're here
oh my goodness I am so high up how am I
gonna get down from it Oh red door go go
go oh crap I'm outside drop down here oh
crap the kind of chopper they got a
jumper
oh my god what do i do what do i do
where do I go where we go oh I made it
stop she gonna be helicopter what did I
do wrong oh come on do I get a break I
don't even know what's going on oh you
see that wall right now oh the jumps
okay oh my god this is too intense with
me man I'm sweating like a piggy all
right oh the person shooting at me has
the worst ever
oh crap oh I was like it's chill guys we
got away from the chopper we think we
can calm down that I turn around there's
like three guys trying to shoot me oh my
goodness jump huh roly poly Ya Ya all
right for the door now where do these
guys come all the guys came from their
shit where do we go we hit fuck em og I
mean no I'm og parkour parkour oh my god
see you later guys see you later maybe I
should have waved goodbye to them I just
want to be polite that's me I'm polite
polite myself ah this is so beautiful
news updates runner chased while
escaping from a murder scene oh that's
what they think
they
I murdered someone probably did AB
murder a lot of people I can't keep
track of who are murder where do we go
oh hey buddies all right through that
red door Oh wall run jump through the
door oh ah so fun oh crap oh crap oh
shit
Oh too intense can't keep track run oh
crap the Pope holding the Pope over here
hey diggers doughnuts can with every
good time - no we don't have time to
close it diggers doughnuts okay keep
running keep running
we don't wear no what's behind us oh my
god so pretty I wish I lived in a place
like this
oh go down crap are we gonna make it
where we were going
shit where do we go I don't know oh my
god it's the Popo oh shit what do I do
slow-motion shoot the Popo oh okay okay
let me see if I can do this right hit me
chase I don't know but it's hella fun
I'm not dead okay I think that's the end
of the level I don't know how long this
videos gonna be so what we're gonna do
is we're gonna play my second no I think
I'd say my favorite mission in the game
right we're just gonna be running around
I go showing you goddamn story this game
is kind of fun though isn't it
okay ladies women we are back with the
Mirror's Edge okay so this is my
favorite part of this of this game it's
it's absolute amazing ok so right now
we're stuck in the middle of a subway
right and we need to escape war run to
wall run
who are we being chased by the Pope Oh
jump Oh slow down okay
I think we owe so hard to control I
gotcha I gotcha okay so the reason why I
love this level so much it's because
there's trains that come and I like to
play chicken with the trains oh crap
let's tip over there come on Trey
alright Fred I'm afraid new skills
bitches new skills
ninja skills ninja skills oh I love his
body just pause like ah shit man I was
one day to retirement
I'm having so much fun playing this game
it's actually brilliant I love this game
one of my favorite games out there I'll
shoot you with the guns yeah yeah rod
right the trends gonna come any second
again let's do this properly this time
is there a train coming I avoid the
train there by the train okay quick
quick quick quick quick
all right gotta go up this ladder this
is why I love this level the train just
always kill me it's absolute funny every
single time oh why no one's was do as
opposed to run up wall run jump what are
you looking at you stupid bitch give me
at the cage yeah what are you doing
get me out of the cage oh my god I've
been in this cave but like two days oh
crap okay
watch out guys be careful I had a
chicken I the chicken
hi the chicken oh it's okay
see you later train that's knowing you
oh crap
oh no you cut up this chin we could add
the Popo it's already hard enough with
all the trains will these guys die by
train quickly quickly training oh wait
what what
goddamn Wizards be police officers
nowadays come get me Baba okay we'll try
it one more time to see if the Popo will
die with with with the train a bit a
little bit forward either way they're
buddies of gun oh crap is on the train
now it's chill another here okay jump
down here huh jump down here slide down
here slide into your DMS wait what we
have to get there we have to hop on the
train guys oh my god this give me
intense all right now okay wait for it
now Johnny I'm on the train I want the
moving train oh my god I'm on a moving
train oh my god I actually swerve oh my
god I'm not even I'm not even in the
game and I'm swerving
oh crap should I jump from the church go
to the other train oh my god oh my god
that was scary
okay jump look to the right oh my god
this is scary
alright we got this we got this we got
this we got this we got this whole
middle bit below Jesus we got this mood
to the right mood to the left crisscross
now everybody clap your head okay I made
it I thought I was gonna die that
alright job huh crap intense so its head
must live to see grandchildren oh that
hit me I dunno how am I live after
hitting these stuff duck duck what do I
do
move to the left wait what this train
stopping this train stopping that was
intense
no mr. train mr. trade okay it's true is
to run run run mr. Traylor sorry
oh my god and now I'm now I'm on the
floor Oh Rollie pollie I think this is
the end it is oh my god that was awesome
all right everyone that was Mirror's
Edge an absolutely awesome game alone
how how old this game is but it still
looks absolutely beautiful
and it's so much fun if you haven't
played it already I would recommend you
do it is absolutely awesome so anyway
guys I want to thank you guys so much
for watching this video and sharing
whatever one of my guys favorite games I
am so happy to have showed you this game
and to make a video on this game I
always said to myself one day I want to
make a video on Mirror's Edge and it's
taken me god damn two years to do it but
anyway guys I want to thank you so much
for watching and I will see you in the
next goddamn video mass you later guys
love you
