hello everyone is mr. self here playing
The Sims 4
watch this K man howdy hat yes Sims 4 is
coming out next month and I am gonna be
starting up my sims let's play yet again
if you guys didn't know before GTA 5
came out I had a popular sim series
which I've been meaning to go back to
but never did you know but since floors
coming out so I'm like yeah let's play
this so first we're gonna create our
sims in this demo
okay so let's however i'll play this
shit oh god damn look at this girl hey
simmer girl a sim ago
alright so let's first start off a start
off making me first
oh my god so many options okay so we can
only make a young adult okay
alright what's this my voice my voice is
deep apology look I know pop ah wow
that's that's image by the way for I
love you what's this walking style
oh yeah yeah yeah work ago oh yeah you
work it
alright let's go in through that shit
yeah yeah yeah yeah I'm smooth McGee oh
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
I like the smoothness oh yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah look at me I'm too
important for all this shit Karen where
is my business reports god damn poor
people
I hate these peasants what're you doing
man this is how I walk man this is how I
walk it's called the swagger walk this
is how I walk into town fucking right
now you know if anyone comes in my way
oh oh oh fuck you wait you don't wanna
mess with me look at my face I'll never
do it you know in a mess oh god the
works out just go no go
goofy oh I'm gonna walk out hey so dad
oh hey the Coopers anyway enough messing
around with the hood stylist I'm gonna
first start off by making me
Brandon mess yourself is my name in real
life if you didn't if you wanted to know
my first name a second name that is my
name oh my god this looks like my dad
holy absolute shit my nose oh my god
holy crap
Oh Michael this so much customization in
this shit you and let me give the kids
what give lip tell goodbye Lucas look at
me like is it do I like to kiss our lips
what am i frickin Dumbo oh my god oh my
god like this oh my god there you go
there you go now doesn't that look like
me god damn Brandon you are sexy out you
were sexy and fun I don't remember you
look at this goddamn sexy oh yeah look
at me so we're badass ha oh my god I'm
the cowboy
don't be living in the home of TextEdit
or Tennessee oh my god I don't know
anything about Cowboys that's enough for
my face should I start up my clothing oh
my God look at all these clothing oh my
god
I'm gonna be here all day holy shit oh
let's sort out my body oh my god
I'm a bridge of a fatty I've had too
many cupcakes so now I've been a bit of
a fatty oh look at my waist I'd like it
rub-a-dub-dub the tummy tummy tum oh my
god oh my god this is just set this is
just sexy god damn rubba-dub-dub the
tummy tummy double oh my god what the
hell up in here holy crap
eat a sandwich Brandon holy shit okay
guys this will have come up with this is
my casual outfit you know just just
walking around the house wait can I can
I make myself walk again just walk
around the house you know this is me in
my outfit you know strut my stuff hey
Doc don't stop walking Brandon just walk
it around the house you know you know
how it is you know another special day
clothes I speak a speaker or a day or a
day but then ladies German we have to
earn some money
okay so here's my formal outfit oh yeah
look at me I look good I'm a sexy look
at this strapping young fella
hell no hell no Hopa Hopa get out of my
way I've got more important stuff to do
Karen where are those reports god damn
it
poor people and obviously you've got to
get some goddamn exercise so here's my
athletic outfits oh yeah can I run I
don't think I can run yeah I'm walking
to the gym because I'm a gym lad oh yeah
I'm gonna pump those muscles yeah and
obviously we're gonna sleep for about
nine hours a day see here it's my
sleeping outfit
goddamn look at that Willie man yeah I
know you ladies a lickin Emma will stop
looking at my willy you got temper
you can stay up Brandon you let my bunny
slippers my bunny slippers are freakin
swagalicious and last but definitely not
least we got my party outfit on this
outfit I'm going to pick up all the leis
in the party outfit yeah I'm headed to
the party I'm gonna meet old 60 ladies
and hopefully get all the numbers and
take them home and give them the D so
yeah I think that's pretty much it oh
yeah we can pick an aspiration so what
should be brand aspiration Debian's whoo
you know what guys I'm gonna be deviant
okay I can either choose to be public
enemy this sim wants to make enemies and
be a famous criminal Oh No this sim is
all about pranks and mayhem oh yeah that
sounds like measure sell now if I have
to pick some traits let's be honest guys
I am a smooth guy with the ladies every
lady wants a little bit of this mm-hmm I
said it so I'm gonna pick romantic these
Sims tend to be flirty and may become
short if they don't have any role my
chick soldier
don't worry it's not gonna be hard for
this handsome devil he knows he's a
little flirty dirty look at it oh yeah
okay I'm gonna choose to be outgoing
I've decided these Sims game powerful
mood le'ts from friendly socialization
you know what I already care I am
sociable look at me job I'm a sociable
guy because I know how to jump
let's pick creative who I'm thinking of
ideas older tab so that's me
in Sims 3 look at me I don't look so
goddamn sexy so obviously we can't have
a brand by himself obviously he's got a
girlfriend like every significant every
single week in his life so if you guys
remember my last since series which I
probably you probably don't since it was
like a year ago
I had a girl called sluts literally
named a slut so I'm going in there I'm
gonna have Brandon a little girlfriend
and yeah that's right I'm gonna name her
slut her name it's slutty mix Lottie
oh yeah so let's listen okay so I am for
this character is to make a look like
the biggest hole in the whole of
Somalian town yeah yeah yeah that's what
I'm talking about
look she is ready for some action oh
yeah look at me I know one beautiful man
I'm going to get all the boys mm-hmm I'm
the biggest slut of Somalia Somalia is
that rescued I don't know okay now what
does her body look like should I make a
little bit of a fatty
rub-a-dub-dub in that tough a thumbs up
let's make a turn around oh god damn
look at that ass is any way I can make
that bigger
oh my god actually can know what about
the titties gonna make them bigger oh my
god I can make it smaller
yeah we're going away we go yes oh yeah
okay guys this is what I'm came up with
so this is what she wears during the day
god damn being a slut all day I was done
I know miss Lutz I'm gonna have sex with
older boys I don't care who you are
I'm snooty silly snooty mikuni now
unfortunately still has to go to work so
we've got her in a formal I don't know
why she's wearing a dress but but but
she is so now when slutty mixed slut
goes to exit goes to exercise here's
what she's gonna wear my god my life is
very sad so now when she wants to go to
sleep she obviously she likes to sleep
in the nude but on Sims I can't do that
so I tried to strip her for a pretty
much everything that she's wearing look
less spin she loves to spin no son you
have to go be a slut my girl voice is
actually the best voice ever
now obviously slut she's a party animal
man this is where she likes to meet all
the boys so now here's a party outfit oh
yeah look at her she is out and ready to
party
oh yeah lick Kimiko a lick amigo
I'm going to the bar they're gonna have
some fun and look at me go look at me go
okay so now let's pick her aspirations
okay what does little slut want to be I
think slut wants to be it either love or
popularity hmm I think we should focus
on love so the two options are hopeful
romantic this sim wants to play the
field and go on dates with all sorts of
interesting people
oh yeah yeah hubba-hubba okay slut
is gonna be he childish okay oh my god
stupid slut alright she's clumsy and a
slut why are you pulling over and what
else
romantic yeah I think that's it that's
it romantic so I think that is my sins
created I was going to create a kid as
well but you can't create kids in this
in this demo so I will create as a kid
in my first in my second episode of the
let's play let's just call it this one
the first episode let's play but yeah
guys if you are excited for Sims
then leave a like down below I am
definitely gonna be playing Sims no
matter what I really hope you guys jump
on board because I will make this series
absolutely fun and interesting it's
gonna be absolutely awesome so anyway
guys look a brand admire brand for one
last time so anyway guys I want to thank
you guys so much for watching and I will
see you next time
see you later guys
