all right here we go
nice and slowly wait for it
surprise motherfucker ha ha ha I got you
oh my gosh hello everybody
how is everybody goddamn doing I'm doing
absolutely fabulous today we are playing
Sniper Elite 3 we're in the Africa's ok
and this game I'm going to tell you
right now is the most fun I've ever had
in the game for a long time look at me
run away I run it over the circles so
it's a game where you shoot people with
a sniper so let's just bloody well get
into it ok we first need to scout the
area we're looking for three dudes okay
three dudes we have to kill and this guy
seems to be one of them look at this guy
god damn bastard alright anyone else
okay there's a guy near a campfire okay
do you see anyone else I don't see
anyone
oh sorry guys yeah there's a guy in the
watchtower look at that cheeky bastard
alright anyone else oh hello what are
you doing here what are you doing here
alright I think that's it anyone else I
know up but what day were you doing here
by yourself you cheeky little bugger so
I think that's everyone so if you guys
didn't notice I'm next to this broken
generator which is keep which keeps
making noises right so that's gonna mask
my shots from up here
so they'll think is to generate their
leather now it's making noise
god damn generator so they'll think that
my shots will be the generator okay we
need to just wait the generator to make
some noise
come on generator
gotcha I gotcha yeah okay they shouldn't
be able to hear me oh my god it's gonna
be brutal it's gonna be Bruins crew I
couldn't ride his eyeball
that's very brutal hey I love it these
guys next fucker
you know what I'm gonna shoo them in the
Willy booth now now yes yes
together Willy my man just just fell
okay two guys left two guys left all
right all right now that our quick
recovery I got it
I got my girl my girl okay I don't think
I don't think I don't think they can
hear me I'm a girl raising him look at
him on his heart it is hot it is hot oh
my is low no the case buddy buddy just
fell apart what the hell's wrong with
his body all right I'm gonna go stab
this guy in the face all right be very
quiet he doesn't know I'm sneaking up on
behind him look at him he don't know
what's going on he doesn't know what's
going on oh my god
what was he doing hello sir
what what the hell is this guy doing
just got acting look at him look at his
face uh hello oh poor guy are we having
second dad ass though that ass though oh
god damn Oh goddamn that beautiful ass
okay
we killed one guy apparently we need to
kill a couple more I think but you sir
are coming with me aren't you met
anybody I'm going to name him I'll name
him Philip I did Philip Dassin Philip
nine nine nine
whoa whoa Philip calm down now calm down
I don't speak any German okay wait a
second what was that noise is that a
damsel in distress all right Philip fuck
off okay I've got more important things
to do than our friendship all right
let's see what we're dealing with all
the fucking shit it's properly thousands
of them there's probably got that
thousands of them where are they oh my
god where oh there's one what is he
doing oh my god where's the rest of them
where's the rest of them what I can't
see anyone
hello oh oh there's a guy there's a guy
yes there's another one all right
anyone else oh no no I think that's it
all right Philip come on get your lazy
ass up we got to get the hell out of it
man
that's all Philip yes yes I know your
name's bloody Philip uh-huh there's a
guy there Oh grab this another guy
Philip fuck off okay I have to deal with
these two guys all right you stay there
right don't move now holy fucking shit
got to be very sneaky okay come on now
don't anyone to see your dead body all
right come on get in the bushes all
right fuck of her all he needs to do is
not turn around don't turn around sir he
doesn't even know I'm here
no sir that's on Isaac black that's
German right all right guys I'm right
behind this Nazi all right and I'm gonna
show you a little trick all right
it's the landmines okay we're gonna put
a landmine right behind him and
hopefully he'll set it up all right
we're sharpen it I think I'll put it
right here next to the explosive barrel
oh yeah he won't even expect a thing all
right what I'm gonna do now is I'm gonna
distract him by throwing a rock
okay now we'll have to do is throw a
rock here good but go boy go go fetch
right everyone just gonna shh shh oh my
god holy shit I can see a lot of people
down there
alright let's see what we're dealing
with alright there's a guy here two guys
here alright there's a guy out two guys
there holy shit how many of them are
there who the bloody hell is any more oh
my god another one there and oh that's
the guy we have to kill all right that
is the guy we got a kill ladies and
gentlemen all right come on let's get
more comfortable okay
let's lie down here alright let's see
what we're dealing with what is everyone
surrounded by campfires I don't know you
know what guys um I actually made a song
about campfires let's gather around the
campfire and sing our camp our song our
CA mpfi r es lo ng song and if you don't
think that we can sing it faster than
your rugs but I'll help if you just sing
along
oh my goodness
riding the goddamn kidneys JSON Gaeseong
oh my god - rude that's all right nobody
saw me nobody saw me look at this guy I
think he knows that someone's here you
know what I'm a shit right in the face
all right
right it is good that face now oh my god
it's gonna be so disgusting this is
gonna be this aah oh my god poor guy all
right sweet we're making progress okay
so we need to kill two more officers all
right and then we have completed the
level god damn it man there's so many
goddamn Nazis UN's where are you
where oh my god oh my god okay all right
there's a light there we need to disable
that otherwise we can't get past it but
first let's kill this lonely ass
motherfucker
all right come on noise oh there is
called quick move move the hair it is
but I get on the balls again wait wait
Oh what's wrong with the bodies flying
around yeah I love it so much all right
so what are we doing again oh yeah we
supposed to say without that light isn't
it how do I get down
oh oh oh shit oh my god I nearly died
there
mom mom I've got a boo-boo mom I've got
a boo-boo have you got have I got any
bandages oh yeah I do
mum put my boo-boo ah much better
oh that's okay nobody's blind yeah I
lied I'm sorry I lied don't you don't
think I forgot about your little friend
over here don't think I forgot about it
little friend over here gonna jump a bit
oh my god
oh my goodness wait can I can I throw
this guy over over the top wait can I I
think someone spotted me what you know
now where is the second officer ha
he is look at them being so cute hey how
you doing officer hello goodbye
oh yeah goodbye officer goddamn Nazi I'm
gonna name this one Larry all right
Larry fuck off Oh what the hell they
want me to destroy these trucks now I
think this is a side a side objective
okay
how am I going to drive these trucks oh
there's a lot of explosives there
actually okay I think the degenerate
areas generally up here I don't think
it's broken though I don't hear it
making noise generator up oh okay I
guess that's one way to break it okay
all right you see those little red
things on the truck all right that's the
engine or the whew yeah the engine I
think so if I shoot that it should boom
yeah it should blow up the truck oh I
don't think I got it wait no no one more
time one more time oh yeah yeah got it I
got it
Oh Oh Mike oh that's cool look at this
shit oh my god all right that was the
engine these guys gonna realize that
it's oh my god how could you know I
realized what what what what is team
hell
easy aim for his testicles testicles so
I guess that's goes oh my god what's
going on what is going on um okay I
think this is the last truck they have
to destroy how can destroy though I
don't think I think my pissed I don't
think my pistol could penetrate the
goddamn trunk you know I think I
actually have I don't a shit I think I
have dynamite yeah I have one stick of
dynamite throw this bitch on the ground
I threw it on the ground okay and now I
think we don't know why shoot it shoot
it
oh no no that this oh my god what the
hell what oh my god I could have died
man I could have died oh shit I think my
covers been blown
uh-oh my clothes were blown they know
why am i right screw it I'm going all
out I don't give a shit
oh okay he's dead he's definitely dead
come get me bitches come get me
uh-uh and you are dead my friend ah oh
my god I'm a second holy shit was that
was that what I think it is no oh no way
surprising pussy stop hiding good
uh no uh okay said he said oh where is
it one come on somebody
stop hiding last one last one
oh oh no not last one oh shit what are
you doing over there go the mouth yeah
buddy
all right where's your the ones last one
there we go last one yes way what the
hell oh oh my goodness the last general
is the last general oh crap we have to
kill him we have to kill him
ah shit all right you know what time it
is guys it's time to bring out the land
mines again holy shit this general is
not getting out of here alive okay
do you understand me all right we've
spent this whole episode trying to kill
these three generals all right or four
o'clock remember alright so we're gonna
replace a landmine right here alright
and then hopefully the truck will come
and
a 10-8 come Oh general come on general
you goddamn Nazi fine you not Swiss fine
okay actually I you know I think I'm
gonna I think I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
shoot the engine oh my god actually get
in Oh
all right one more show one more sure do
it woman should do it come on come on
Amy yeah yes wow I didn't even miss one
look at that shit Oh kill em Oh kill
them oh oh oh kill him oh wait it's not
exploding wait here we go here we go yes
Oh
kill him a hole kill him anyway I think
that's the end of the level yeah it is
Sniper Elite 3 is the most fun I've ever
had in this entire world I would
recommend it so much I actually want to
play more of it so there's a co-op
feature in this game which I really want
to try out so I want to ask you guys
what youtuber do you want to see me make
a video with you know I've always wanted
to make collaborations I think I've ever
done one so namely some youtubers in the
comment section down below and I'll ask
some of them and we'll do a co-op video
on Sniper Elite because this game is
goddamn hilarious but anyway I want to
thank guys so much for watching please
leave a like if you laughed at any point
and I'll see you next time bye bye
