hahahahahahaha hello everyone my name is
Misha servos everybody - today we are
playing the most anticipated game for
the 2014 that's right we're playing the
watchdogs and sadly there i've not seen
one dog but um yeah i'm i'm having fun
with this game it's ok it's ok it's ok
you know it's pretty cool game man
pretty cool game um I'm sorry what
nobody cares about me oh and mother
bitch I ain't your buddy bitch
so yeah this gamers are pretty cool
features um
they have this sort of look hacking
thing where you can like know everyone
walking on the street it's kind of
creepy so if I press this button okay
and I go up to this girl I know that her
name is Tamika and she frequently reads
true crime novels okay and this guy
walks five miles a day no the hell no he
doesn't look at this fat fuck okay
anyway we're getting attracted so let us
start showing you guys some crazy shit
in watchdogs firstly I want to show you
the best thing about what's dogs the one
thing that makes this game better than
any other game out
this one thing is so revolutionary it
truly is the definition of next-gen
gaming get ready to witness true gaming
entertainment the the ball the ball in
the cup game yeah it's where you have to
find the ball in the cup oh okay let's
play keep an eye on the ball cars keep
an eye on the ball I'm gonna need your
help now
okay to the middle okay all right
where's it gonna go oh shit
bullshit okay I think I still got it Oh
in the house in the middle oh right
middle right middle of oh fuck shit huh
guys
a forgotten word don't where is it I
don't know okay our options a cup a cup
B or cup C or or chicken nuggets
we have lifelines I think I might have
to use a lifeline you know what sir I'm
gonna have to phone a friend I'm gonna
have to nay I'm not the Col chop the dog
okay come on chop pick up pick up
chuckle oh man I'm countin on ya hello
chop I need you to help me with this
question
it's Brandon man come on quick I need
you to tell me which ball is the cop in
chop that's not important come on we go
in a second I'm on TV man what's no
you're not on TV you're on YouTube
chop-chop John ah okay I'll pick Cup a
yes my final answer come on come on Cup
a come on Cup a that's where I thought
it was too fucking shit next-gen
everybody
okay now I'm feeling a bit hungry so
we're going to go to the fast food store
and we're going to eat some food
oh wait hang on a second guys there's a
crime in the vicinity let's go check it
out
I don't I don't usually um respond to
these butter the crime apparently is
just down this alleyway Oh be quiet now
be quiet there's a criminal out here
somewhere you can't see me man you can't
see me oh shit Oh crapping they saw me
there um I think that's the criminal
okay but the sky sky sky fish we don't
know yet we don't know yet shut the hell
up okay okay oh crap I think the sky is
gonna attack this girl damn it
holy crap demon Oh shame for me hope is
gonna die he's got it just stop that
girl
they just done okay I'll save you woman
I mean you're dead but uh I guess the
guy who kills you come here criminal I
am a good guy and I save good people
like this bitch even though she died
come back in you ain't gonna come back
him you ain't gonna get away from me
guys oh my god my god what the hell
happened what you just shot that pipe
and exploded and here we are baby here
we are
cheese and baby Quinn Keys Quincy's
Quinn Keys snack shop oh yeah god is
love Quinn Keys man it's the best
fast-food restaurant in Chicago
Wow tastes so good that's some good
eatin yes it is I'm even eat some
chicken
now let me see what's on the menu man we
got the hot dogs
mmm I'm Adam I might eat me some hot
dogs we got number one the French fries
the number two the burgers number three
two hot dogs and number phone and
goddamn done with doughnuts hmm you know
what sir I think I have one of each one
of each so one two three and four
uh-huh yeah that's a soft drink I'm all
right oh it's not what I wanted I wanted
food um hello what the hell
look here's the burgers and stuff and
the fries what the hell oh is it so loud
to get me one of these one your goddamn
soda what is this I don't want this what
the hell wait hang on a second
what does threaten mean ah oh shit
oh my god I'm robbing the store um sir
oh crap
uh-oh someone's ringing the police so
must we get a Popo uh oh no not on my
watch bitch bitch
get take out the phone stupid girl huh
huh you think you can rat me out to the
Popo huh stupid well since I'm here I
might as well Rob the place um sorry
about that next time give me what I
ordered all right you fucking fag we
hang on a second I've spent this whole
video doing random shit messing around
with pedestrians and I haven't even
explained hacking in this game yet and
this is like the whole reason of the
game okay I'll explain hacking now all
right you can hack anything you see
these traffic lights here I can hack
them and make crashes okay let's do that
just gotta wait for the right moment all
right now go coke crush crushed oh damn
like a hurt got in I could have hurt
somebody with that Oh goddamn oh yeah
okay this one is my favorite alright
it's a steam pipe okay it's randomly in
the middle of the road okay and for some
reason with my magical hacking ability I
can make it explode okay let's just wait
for a car to come are we gonna do on
this car okay all right come on he's
coming he's coming
Oh what he's dead okay guys um I think
I'm OSHA gonna end the video here I
don't know why but uh this game is just
not a good game to play on YouTube but
there's not much stuff you can do you
know um I want you to make a lot of
videos for this game but quite frankly I
don't know what to do in this game you
know so um I think I'm gonna end a video
yeah um if you guys are we have a second
what's that over there I spoke too soon
hey girls hey how you doing
I wonder if I can get some of these
girls back to my place now that would
make this game a whole lot better she
specializes in BDSM oh my god she's an
atheist that's not that much it's not
that very interesting what about this
girl engage the client a core girl what
the hell there anywhere I can get I can
get these ladies anything in my
inventory oh look there's a blackout
that's something that I can show you and
spend a couple of more minutes so
there's this thing called a blackout
where I can basically cause a blackout
um so yeah let's um go home and have a
sleep Eakins and come back for when it's
nighttime look at my vehicle okay I'm
going to show you my vehicle where's my
vehicle oh yeah look at this 6's god
damn vehicle god damn okay we're gonna
drive home and then I'm gonna show you
the
black out yeah stupid women drivers God
down when the drivers what are we gonna
do with them
oh crap god damn it man which way you're
going oh crap okay that's a good place
to stop I guess um yeah let us caused
the blackout now okay so go to inventory
blackout alright let me press G to
blackout all right guys you ready you
ready to go blackout alright there we go
oh shit oh my god well that's it guys
that's all I've got see what I'm talking
about it's just nothing that I can show
you that sinteres crap you won't raise
right I know you guys are right
everyone's gone mental
oh my Lords a blackout I paid my bills
for electricity and this is how the
government pay me god damn Obama oh um
goddamn Obama what's he doing over here
god dammit anyway guys others are just
you coming on I'm gonna end the video
here
that's what stocks probably not ever
gonna play this game ever again
it's an okay game just not a YouTube
game but anyway guys I won't thank guys
so much for watching if you do want more
watchdogs then leave a comment I don't
know I might think about doing it anyway
I won't thank guys so much watching
again and I'll see you next time
