the names yourself mess yourself coyote
come a coyote come maker of foxes and a
second I can hear one coyote oh my god
yeah there is
I can hear if I can is it good oh shit
oh how do I become more manly how do I
prove to Amanda that what the fuck you
looking at come on in come on in the
more single men the better
oh hey Lucas let's get bloody drunk
knock knock who's there
oh hey zombie man you sure are creepy
motherfucker oh these guys like
boyfriend and girlfriend fuck you Pig
let it go away please for the love of
God way you're gonna hurt her please
please wait this is not the way to do it
please
oh my god why why is it always the black
guy that has to die I'm sorry Darrell
I'm sorry I can't leave me like this
Darrell Darrell sorry Darla go I'm so
sorry taro we need a miracle
there's no way we came to the shore we
need a goddamn miracle mr. t is here
bitches our pitiful our pitiful no one
messes with my home is a pitiful aah
beautiful yeah I want to touch let me
touch mommy's let me touch let me touch
no fuck you bitch
there's my baby how you do it girl oh
shit no Amanda oh she's good
oh we're making progress we're making
progress here is chest number four and
it seems that all the creatures have
gone away I don't think I'm gonna free
you just yet mr. Carlos is Horning mr.
Cardoza Sehorne take my 10 addictive
bitch alright didn't wanna have to do
this guys but we're gonna have to bring
out the big guns that's right my epic
singing didn't we're talking away
I'm loving angels instead and through it
ah she offers me protection a lot of
love and affection whether half adobo
down the waterfall whatever it may take
me I know that laugh will break me when
I come to come
she won't forsake me I'm loving angels
instead
I love his bloody oh my god just get up
on the table and to ring the ring
weighing about 159 pounds Monsieur
then I come on baby I float like a
butterfly sting like a bee motherfuckers
Jayne's I'm a badass motherfucker how
you doing change your motherfucker yeah
I'm good man I'm here just rob a bank
you know how he is
yeah dog kill them all kill them all cus
way
go go go castaway go castle hey what is
he doing what is it tell me it's
supposed to be running and killing
everyone what how's it doing it's just
walking around hello I'm the cat's away
I'm gonna sneak up on the bitches I'm a
cat's away motherfucker and I'm gonna
sneak out found the bitches hello
everyone kill him Gus away oh shit
oh my goodness
Miley Cyrus and Justin I think uh anyone
I think a bitch actually before we start
this video will do the fucking routine
of buys a fucking junkie either way up
give me some tea man Thank You Vasavi
thank you very much for that tea mr. man
I'm a good photo irt ha ha look do you
add to your butt IOL a pop oh yeah girl
working yeah let's wait do that shit oh
look at your titties girl damn look at
that kitty oh yeah beautiful just come
look at me look at the camera that's it
look at the camera
oh yeah oh baby I don't know you but
like you're gonna tell him oh damn
you're a bitch but I like them titties
oh yeah look at this girl oh god damn
she hold it but I like them titties too
oh yeah look at this go yeah work it
girl oh yeah you know what to do with
that shit oh mama look at them titties
god damn look at Matt broke you mad bro
bro this is why he controls bitch around
what's going on oh I'm is no score on ya
do it damn man oh no I'm just a tiger in
the jungle
what the hell's gonna oh shit
I go okay here we go here we go here we
go here we go here we go what the hell
what there oh my god what the hell
I said
it's so beautiful
our task is to find seven chests
underwater but look at it it's so
goddamn beautiful tayo tayo nature happy
of nature you beautiful man you crazy
goddamn beautiful god damn nature you
beautiful Dario Dario bitch look at
these goddamn chickens they're up to
something I can tell I can tell her of
something lady there you I've been
looking around for you Asian lady go say
something funny I'm gonna name you
mailing mailing say so funny--i I'm
mailing do not dishonor your family
mailing what's the grief what's the
truth no my only friend was the crew you
killed him
kill my army best friends you kill them
there's no way is coming back
what's the grave I'm sorry um oh what's
the group you're here
yay what's the group you're alive Oh
what do what am I gonna do with a half
I'm so bored
don't know what to do in this game I've
done everything what to do what to do oh
shit what's this you cheating huh see
this is what it feels like a to be
cheered on you bitch
come a little fucker here we are bitch
we're gonna be rolling in the money's a
hundred and sixty dollars is that it you
fucking bitch Oh Nelly Oh Nelly oh shit
Oh up gone tough all over
tough all over Oh keep it up keep it up
toad John John no no John way going John
no no John no John John oh you fell over
god damn it oh my god everyone's going
Mendel oh my lord
there's a drunk man on the floor
I knew you liked this the name is mess
or you could come from it I'm a rap guy
but I've never released an album playing
GTA because I'm original will never make
oh shit oh my god what is my leading the
table what are you doing my only cow
don't work out na kanojo I'm not gonna
hurt you at all
just God me I've got large weights
nothing to see her nothing I said stay
down I wanted my steak well-done let me
suck on your kids don't worry chop don't
worry
as for I will avenge you I would get a
girlfriend and I will have sex with them
and I shall do it the only way I know
how
with yang did a different other fucker
wolfing don't wanna hear - wait a minute
I just want to talk motherfucker signal
still on the block of the tank stand now
stop it either one gonna miss you buddy
guys - bitch
well language Lea what are you waiting
for come on in
oh you so bad
oh yeah Shaniqua oh yes I like this oh
yes I like it very much Antiqua oh man
we're gonna have such a good time
together
oh yes Unni question mean and it is open
oh I like the tittie table or Shaniqua
oh hello everybody its master self fair
and I hope you enjoyed this montage if
you did then I'd appreciate it if you
hit that like button down below it
helped me a lot and why not share the
video you know shit with you know share
it on the Facebook share it on the
Twitter's share it on your Google+ ha
I'm just kidding no one uses Google+ but
seriously guys I want to thank you all
for the crazy support you've been giving
me I appreciate it so much
the last montage we did we hit 20,000
subscribers and now we are at half a
million that's just so that's just so
crazy my youtube channel has been a
crazy roller coaster and to be totally
honest with you I couldn't ask for such
awesome and lovely subscribers I love
each and every one of goddamn you I love
you and love you if you are new here
then you go ahead and press that
subscribe button on screen for many
laughs to come or even watch are the
pictures
well that's me gun I want to thank you
again for watching and I will see you in
the next video I love you guys I love
you from the bottom my heart and every
here but by now
bah-bah why still here well hello why
still hit hello
bye-bye now I mean bye
