I knew you were trouble when you welcome
me now me place hello everybody my name
is to measure selves how is everybody
doing today we are playing some goaty
goaty goddamn goaty goaty simulator
oh my bloody god
so let me introduce you to everyone this
is Timmy a fuckin a Jimmy but today it's
not your average goat simulator video
and there has been too many this is big
code the king of all codes the king of
old goat simulator video
as I am Narula the Lord Almighty of
these wretched wretched coats and I
showed you the absolute christening of
Miss Lord Coe deacons Lord cardigan what
the hell happened guys look at me unlike
some good damn skyrim crowd go what the
hell is this shit man but there's one
they fear
in their tongue he is Dovahkiin
Dragonball
but as one they fear in their tongue he
is Dovahkiin Dragonball
so we're not fooling around guys today
I'm gonna show you my house yes and this
is my house look at this god damn bit of
house god damn it man I am such a lucky
goat to be living in such a beautiful
house so yeah over here is my kitchen
and how lovely does it look man I've got
such a nice kitchen I've got all this
food I don't even know what to do with
it here's my living room I got my 42
inch plasma TV oh yeah I'm living it
large as a gold Akins man now I want to
introduce you to my loving wife we've
been married for five years now are
there baby
who is this baby you're cheating on me
this is what happens when I go around
being a goat for the day I come back to
this what the hell
why why why we were so happy together
why did you cheat on me after this fool
look at him he's so ugly why why did you
do this my why but there's one they fear
in their tongue he is Dovahkiin
Dragonball
we need to lose some weight guys look at
me I'm such a fat bloody go I'm gonna
hop on this treadmill and we're gonna
run far get wrong get wrong alright guys
I know that you've been wanting me to
play flappy bird for so long it's all
over Twitter ice all over my facebook
but I I just didn't want to do it and it
was purely because of this reason flappy
goat
yeah okay we're gonna go start this we
press this what's that press r to
flatten okay oh shit
okay I'm getting the hang of this I'm
getting the hang of this oh okay you
lost again never - try to get oh okay oh
no okay yeah I got it I got it okay yeah
fun fun flappy birds fun yeah okay guys
I found something I really want to try
out the low gravity testing facility
yeah okay so how do we get into a job oh
shit no that's not the way we do it wait
a second
is this it yeah look at me yeah look at
me god damn I look so god damn majestic
BGE hahahaha
Oh what the hell is what was that
to the shadow
oh sure
we're hang on a second what the hell's
going on here what the hell is going on
here these guys having a party
what are they doing what
oh my god why is there a boulder here my
Mitzvah shit I'm hit the Pacific gobos
at me go go crush them crush them go yes
yes yes oh well at least they're gone
achievement hey man were you eaten wait
is that goat meat now sacrifice each and
every single one of you to the Lord
Almighty goat as I pray that this demon
goat will hand me his powers from the
depths of hell
yes it is happening it is happening okay
well that was sort of wait was my
special power what the hell is my
special power wha
hello am I like invincible son shit oh
crap oh crap oh my oh my god what what
what is yeah it's a job bah uh yeah oh
but what's going on hey you are you
getting tired of blank goat simulator
are you getting tired of doing the same
old things of the goats well introducing
the brand-new giraffe simulator giraffe
simulator allows you to do everything
that you would as a goat but as a
giraffe so you could do to wrap things
like be a giraffe and also be a giraffe
giraffe giraffe just call five five five
69 69 69 and we'll throw in a free copy
of flappy goats are oh shit by now
because this game totally didn't take us
five minutes
um yeah guys that's all I got for today
for what's this game called go simulator
yeah you've probably seen a lot of goat
simulator videos on YouTube I'm sorry I
always I'm sorry dad I was late I
couldn't help it but yeah I thought you
want to see more but if you do then
please let me know in the comment
section down below and I don't know
subscribe if you knew why not because if
you found it funny you might want to
subscribe anyway I want to thank guys so
much for watching and I will see you in
goddamn next video bye-bye now
