what's that sound on the bear oh it's a
piggy little piggy ha ha ha look at the
cute little thing is it gonna attack me
a little piggy how you do it piggy ah
hello everyone my name is myself
obviously
you tricked a montgo dumb video didn't
ya and today we're playing some Red Dead
Redemption a game I completely skimmed
over and I have no idea why but I'm
finally getting myself around to making
a Red Dead video if you guys have never
heard of this game before it's like GTA
5 but set in the Wild West a Wawa West
so for example there are no cars in the
Wild West there are only horses so we
have to go we have to go around our day
with only a horse so I need to show you
my epic horse ok are you ready to see my
beauty
okay yep yeah we've got a donkey okay we
can't actually afford a legitimate horse
right now so yeah we're stuck with this
little fucking donkey so yeah we can't
keep on riding around on this little
donkey look at it it's disgusting
we need to go and buy ourselves a horse
unfortunately we do not have any money
so what I'm thinking is that we go over
to thieves Landing and go and make us
some money so over two thieves landing
well I am absolutely parched donkey stay
here I think I think I deserve a drink
hello sir can I have a one whiskey I
think I think that's what I like
you can let me order a drink or what you
faggot one whiskey please sir I wonder
how much we can drink twelve seconds
later ma ma yes
I want more drink because I'm an
alcoholic as I am oh I think about
enough Oh Oh Nellie Oh Nellie I think
I've had enough oh shit Oh up gone tough
all over
don't fall over Oh keep it up keep it up
toad
John John no no John way going John no
no John no no shit oh ha ha what's he
doing John John oh you fell over god
damn it oh my god everyone's going
mental
oh my lord there's a drunk man on the
floor John are you gonna get up John
he's scaring me anyone gonna help me
anyone drunk man on the floor help me ah
there you go John Jesus Christ you're
right John worried about you Oh what
he's doing now he's coaching I'm a ninja
I'm an engine nobody can kill me ma'am
john marston the ninja oh my god what
the hell's that what the hell is that
what up in here oh no what happened here
hello anyone and is this a crime
everyone was talking about speaking of
women uh I could I wouldn't mind getting
my willy wet if you know I mean hello
knock knock John masters here baby John
Martins here to steal all the pussy oh
yes I am
whoo whoo she's French excuse moi I'm a
portable cuckoo pop oh I like the French
titties uh will you show me let's oh my
god I broke a window show me let it ease
can I can you show me ladies Missy olive
wha
no revoir as just as much as I love
French girls I would want someone who
speaks a little bit of English
hey how about you girl how're you doing
oh oh oh oh we stop breaking the windows
you dumb bitch
hey girl you're right you kind of
ignoring me uh excuse me
go love me why won't you love me you
know what girl
if you ain't gonna love me I'm gonna
force you to love me yes rather golazo
bitch there we go girl there we go Shh
don't worry I'm not gonna hurt you I'm
not gonna getcha
hey listen girl do you like trains
there you are girl yeah there you are
see I told you I ain't gonna hurt you I
ain't gonna do a goddamn thing
listen to me girl I really liked you we
could have had something really special
together but I mean had to ruin it
didn't ya wait wait wait John I changed
my mind
the way you turned me
it makes me realize how much I love you
I love you John I want to have you
babies I want to be your wife just untie
me John and we can live the rest of our
lives together
oh that sounds absolutely amazing I okay
we got a little bit of distracted but
everyone listen up because I did some
research I did some research and I found
out that the most valuable item in the
game is a Bears heart so we're gonna go
hunting and try and hunt down a bear and
skin it for its heart okay guys here we
are tall trees means heavy quiet
somewhere ah
what the hell's that behind me I was
supposed get out of the house I don't
need you anymore be very quiet guys
beware we quiet hey bear could be
anywhere anywhere come on out gonna
venture come on bear where the hell is
this man I've been searching for around
for ages where the hell is this guy okay
seems that there's no animal spawning so
we're gonna lay down some bait and
hopefully that will attract some of
these motherfucking bears okay guys
let's see if anyone got caught maybe
very quiet
be very quiet yeah what's that oh my god
I think I found it I think about it what
is that oh oh there it is
I found it I found the bear oh shit okay
everyone needs to be very quiet
we're gonna sneak up on the bastard oh
shit TC me TC me I think he saw me I
think he saw me
run run run
in fuck incredible Oh
oh did you see that haha
dumber hold your fucking face up you so
dude here's a dude motherfucker okay
let's see if we got the heart because
apparently you can only get the heart
if you knife them so I'm not sure if
that counts with a throwing knives okay
let's see and we got grizzly meat plus
one grizzly furs plus one
grizzly tooth plus one oh that's it well
shit I came to put some more bait here
and hopefully we'll get some more bears
after this what's that another bear oh
it's a piggy uh-huh Mickey oh look at
the kilo thing is it gonna attack me a
little piggy piggy
okay guys it decides to come back at
nighttime because apparently more
animals come out at night because it's a
lot more quieter come on bears come on
out I'm not gonna hurt you I'm a second
what's that noise oh my god
oh my gosh walls this walls haha get off
me okay okay calm calm down guess one
there's one come on where's the other
one bang two more two more
bang bang shoo shoo shoo shoot okay so
get him no okay let's try this shit
again and hopefully don't mess it up I'm
looking what's that oh it's just a ram
what the hell's our round doing here do
they even spawn in the forest what the
hell oh my god there's a bat okay I'm
not gonna throw neither I'm gonna try a
knife it come in there come here bear
your motherfucker snap yeah ah come on
back hey gold eh come get me bitch come
back big itch I'm gonna chop you chop
tap tap tap tap
ah shit I'm gonna get you chuck yeah
you're getting a little bit too close
excuse me bear you can live with your
crush but man please please I know what
to kill you
I just want fire I just want fun mr. ban
don't kill me please god damn it bad
this is taking so long
oh yes I hit him yes ha oh look who's
ninja skills oh my god is ice like a
bear there's a second bear there's a
second man or grab a sunbath
this is unfair
why are you gonna do this okay look this
one just goes oh look at this danger
scales for the fuck guys did you see
that for the booger ah how unfair this
is oh my god what the hell ha ha ha ha
they blend with each other
ha ha that's so adorable why hang a
second and these guys like boyfriend and
girlfriend yeah wait I died nah no I
didn't did did skin them oh ok anyway
looks like hunting didn't actually go
according to plan but there are other
way to making money don't worry so at
the moment we're gonna get changed and
we're going to put on our poker outfit
and hopefully we'll earn some money
through gambling oh yeah okay we're in
Mexico now hopefully oh my god blackjack
games can now be entered oh yeah let's
play blackjack because that will
probably a lot be a lot easier for you
guys to understand okay I mean let's do
this shit motherfucker okay guys let's
do this shit what cars do we have a
queen and a six-o what's that sixteen
okay we have sixteen I want you to do
this but um hit me screw it
and OH 19 19 19 that's good that's good
okay dealer what have you got you got
anything to beat nineteen ah shitty
Boulder 20 for goodness sake that's
absolute bullshit okay let's try the
shit again hopefully we'll get something
a lot better than nineteen come on come
on dealer
come on dealer give it to me okay what
do we get one we get 20 what do we do oh
crap oh crap I didn't meet stress hit me
ah shit don't give me bullshit cars this
time dealer I'm keeping my eye on you
your motherfucker Mexican motherfucker
okay well cause we get we got 12 okay
that's it that's a clear hit me hit me
and
ah shit alright we can't keep losing
like this alright we only have 167 chips
left we came in here with like 200 okay
let me see what cars we get this guy's
going to stand it's one
what do we have nine and six what does
that 15 I don't want it I don't want to
hit me because of last time shit what do
we do what do we do what do you know
what true hit me Oh okay was that
fifteen sixteen seventeen
you know what hit me fuck twelve seconds
later okay where's no point playing
anymore I've lost all the money that I
have great
it is absolutely useless I don't think
I'm ever gonna be able to afford this
horse hey bitch you want a good time hey
girl
how you doing looks like we got a little
slut up in here you're pretty clumsy
alright what the fuck you say to me okay
well I'm absolutely stumped on how we
can actually make money now literally I
have no ideas what the hell is this guy
1 hey guy what's up I'm a good what the
hell he was the jewel well I just met
this guy what the hell okay screw it
let's chill baby you picked the wrong
cowboy to mess with boy
like ha ha ha ha I got to bitch
I got ya hey man you know be a fun idea
just shoot me for the fun of it lalala
ok guys a did some stuff I didn't cheat
or anything no no of course measure
stuff doesn't cheat but I do think I've
got enough money to buy the horse that I
want now so if we just go to the shop
I'll just be able to show you what
horsie I can get what I see can I get ok
this is the horse that I want to get the
Hungarian 1/2 bread whoo
ok we're not gonna buy it just yet
because we still have a horse and we
can't have two horses so that means
donkey I'm gonna have to put you down
we had some good times donkey you know I
mean we just got to move on from each
other I'm taking you to a nice place
donkey there we go tannaz reach a place
where animals dream to die here seems
like a good spot donkey here seems like
a good spot
I'm so sorry donkey ah donkey help get
out of there
this bears here get out get out no no
donkey Oh
why did you do this bad you killed him I
mean yeah I was gonna do it but I didn't
want someone else to do it it how dare
you bear how dare you how dare you take
that you motherfucker
take that ah donkey donkey
so anyway Hey
yeah so let's go buy this absolutely
beautiful horse I cannot wait to see
what this horse looks like okay here we
go
a Hungarian half bred and soul
motherfucker
okay all we need to do now is just spawn
it in and we get to see the absolutely
most beautiful horse in the game whoo I
can't wait to see this horse I can't
wait to see this absolutely beautiful
horse it's so pretty
hahaha anyway guys I'm gonna end the
video here I hope you enjoyed Red Dead
Redemption it's a really fun game I
recommend you play it absolutely a lot
yeah it's a lot it's really fun if you
want me to play more Red Dead then let
me know by hitting that like button and
yeah don't forget to follow me on
Twitter to find out when the next video
is gonna be because at the moment I'm
quite struggling to upload but anyway
I'll upload when I can anyway I want to
thank you guys so much for watching and
I will see you next time
