five fortunately fabulous of exports
they've won Evangelos exploitation
lashing out reference to semi-automatic
try to get any different cards it's
everywhere in the city everywhere you go
even I used to be a criminal I stole
things many things it's got me thinking
you can't win you can't run you can't
survive because the police
the police will get you
maybe not today maybe not tomorrow
but someday it's not worth it's not
worth this torment it's not worth this
agony you know why because crime doesn't
pay
crime doesn't pay
and that's why I joined the police
yeah hello everyone you heard it right
michael has joined the police force we
have been working here for a couple of
years now
and we are the number one officer in Los
Santos let me just introduce you around
to everyone in the office here we have
charlie hi charlie whoa whoa whoa easy
there charlie
yes sorry about Charlie's been real
cranky lately
I think he's not been getting any action
from the missus so yeah let me just
introduce you to ever oh wait hang on a
second where we go ahead
oh crap we've got a crime we've got a
crime going on right in front of us oh
crap
hang a second guys I've introduced the
video layer ah crap 1071 here 1071
requesting backup requesting backup over
oh shit man you picked the wrong day to
mess with me or you pick the wrong day
to mess with me you mother oh the hell
happened oh crap oh Jesus Christ what
happened
well shit okay guys someone who I'm
really excited for you lot to meet is my
partner so introducing Jacob yeah Jake
who's been my partner for about three
years now
how you doing Jacob a wild one brother
uh who you are man urban era hey Jacob
when are you gonna stop talking all
funny Airmen are Michael a blood clot
minutes hello one thing brother I go up
to my man Charlie I tell him I need that
cheddar to feed me good good as I am
your Airmen are so set me up with that
promotion or I'll be gone like you say
and seen seen Michael what what's the
matter where you're Michael you rascal
let me put it in simpler terms for you I
not be your partner no more you get me
what no Jacob you can't leave me you've
been the best partner I could possibly
have seen seen will I'm sorry Mon you'll
just have to find yourself another
brother to tell you the truth Jacob I
once did have a partner before you
he was a horrible horrible man oh okay
all right I guess I could give him a
ring good good my man do your thing I'll
see you around your batty boy ah okay
here goes come on Trevor pick up pick up
goddamnit you don't it was a good idea
moving back to Blaine County I feel like
a new man
drinking beer in this pretty dress
goddamnit I feel like a new man yes
siree
oh look at this it's Michael hey Michael
how you doing MA free long time no speak
hi Trevor why are you talking like that
you're not a hillbilly
I donno macca but after I moved to
Blaine County I feel like a different
man
yes siree who are they um anyway uh
Trevor do you still have your police
uniform
well she what do you know I'm looking at
it right now yes hurry okay then well um
good because I need you on the police
force and this time we're gonna do it my
way
Jesus Christ what have I got myself into
God damaged forever where are you where
are you trip oh oh there you are
Trevor get on the bike god damn Michael
don't I get a Hello first I haven't
spoke to you in three years oh god damn
it listen to me Trevor this isn't a game
this is real life
a police officer is serious business and
I need you to focus there are people out
there that will kill you and I don't
want anything to happen to you you are
my best friend but when you put on that
uniform this morning you will no longer
my friend you became my partner
so please Trevor focus out there I need
you
Markel have a potato yes Trevor you're a
potato okay Trevor listen the most
important thing about being a police
officer is being one step ahead of the
criminal and how police men do this is
to go on parole well she does a group
player okay Trevor be on the lookout for
anything that could be even remotely
suspicious oh my goodness back look at
that cute little doggy over there oh
yeah now that's really suspicious why is
that dog out this late
what is he hiding um excuse me Doge is
everything all right here get out of my
face conference come near me and our
kuia excuse me sir is that a threat you
see this in my hands it's a gun I can
kill you so easily right now is that
what you want me to do huh huh kill the
dog kill the dog hey Trevor what the
hell
what are you doing why did you shoot
that dog I was just interrogating him
what the hell will she did Michael I'm
sorry I further had to shoot the dog
oh I'm sorry Michael don't be mad at me
ah it's alright Trevor you didn't know
hey Michael did I mention I'm a potato
would you stop talking about this got
our potatoes okay Trevor
let's try this shit again be on the
lookout for anyone anyone out this Lake
will be up to something
oh look what we've got here Trevor
quickly get out of the car let's see if
we can sneak up on these guys or
something easy Trevor
easy just stay in cover
oh Jesus Christ Trevor don't just stand
there Mac I have no idea what's going on
huh
just follow me you stupid idiot okay
Trevor we're gonna run to the cover
right over there okay on three three two
one
quick with me go go go go go okay okay I
think they didn't see me oh my goodness
Trevor what the hell are you bloody
doing I was hoping you could tell me
well
our cover's blown let's just confront
these guys okay you two I know you've
got drugs on you so put your hands where
I can see them because you are under
arrest sister well shit okay last time
now and this time don't mess this one up
all right come on there must be someone
out here oh hello what do we have here
holy crap there's a lot of them on earth
could they be doing okay Trevor be very
quiet we're gonna get a bit closer to
them and see what the hell are up to
easy
see oh shit Trevor I think our cover's
blown
oh shit crap Trevor I think our cover's
blown
oh crap is she coming towards me oh crap
is she oh my god Oh quickly oh thank God
you shut up you're right there Michael
um yeah yeah thanks for that stupid
bitch okay Trevor here we are
Franklin's house what are we doing here
Michael being a cop isn't just arresting
people sometimes we are left with tasks
to bring bad news to friends and
families Franklin this is the police
can you please open up don't worry
you're not in trouble or anything we
just need to talk to you Franklin I'm
actually here to bear you some news this
afternoon a body was found at the top of
Mount Juliet the body was stabbed 14
times Franklin it wait hang on a second
where the hell did Trevor go cannonball
bitches yay I love to swim oh yeah oh
god damn it I wish I had a pool oh this
is so much fun
hmm oh hey Michael glad you came in for
a swim whoo-hoo Trevor what the hell are
you doing I don't know man I just want
to swim Michael you wanna play Marco
Polo okay okay okay I'm looking okay Mac
you start you start Marco Polo Marco
Polo
oh shit I forgot what to say ah for
fuck's sake
Trevor listen we need to talk I thought
that you being my partner again would be
a good idea but to be totally honest
with you you've been nothing but trouble
I'm so sorry Trevor but I can no longer
be partners with you anymore
what Michael please I'm sorry Michael
please just give me one more shot okay
Michael listen to me the next call that
comes in on that radio okay we'll take
it and we will succeed
all right calling all units calling all
units possible terrorist attack going on
on the 9:15 train report off the masked
monkey man
planting bombs on the train the monkey
man said if that train travels over 69
miles per hour it will explode caution
be advised over um yeah Trevor that job
seems way too dangerous for us Michael
listen to me when we broke up being
partners before it was the saddest day
of my life
I dreamt and dreamt that one day my best
friend would come back and ask me to be
on the police again I was obsessed about
you Michael I tried everything
exercise strippers
and even moving back to my old trailer
then I get a call from you my hero so
please I may be a potato Michael but
with you by my side I could promise you
that I'll be the best goddamn potato so
Michael what do you say come on trucker
we need to find this train people's
lives are at stake god damn it and I
will not let them die oh my god
we found the Train oh shit we found the
Train hold on juicy Trevor we're going
ed stop the train stop the train they're
a bunch of the train for damage stop
this dry now stop the trace or the trace
of the train oh crap no no he's going in
the tunnel what do we do what do we do
oh crap oh shit oh shit oh shit oh shit
oh shit I think we broke the helicopter
hey Trevor where you going you crazy
Mike Lumpkin where each other come back
got burnt rubber you promised me that we
would pass this one I'm gonna be in so
much trouble all right Trevor listen up
that little stunt that we pulled
yesterday was a very bad idea
I so what a train blew up no big deal
Trevor 32 people died
Michael that doesn't even sound like a
number listen to me when we get in there
okay let me do the talking all right you
keep your mouth shut okay can a steel be
a potato you can be whatever the hell
you want anymore Trevor quite frankly
I've lost interest
hey Charlie just the motherfucker I
wanted to see did you know how much
damages you caused last night you
motherfucker
listen Charlie I know but you need to
understand it wasn't my fault I don't
care whose fault it is yours man that
potato you got over there but this is
the last straw
you're fired
listen to me Charlie Do You Know Who I
am do you know how many criminals I put
in that cell Murkoff Michael I'm warning
you Mackel what jail no treble
No why did you shoot him oh crap crap no
Trevor Trevor no no don't worry Trevor
or event you are avenged you're a bitch
yo for fuck's sake thanks Trevor thanks
for ruining probably the best job I
could ever possibly have no no thank you
thank you thank you for ruining my life
Trevor thank you so so much
my dad goes
my god okay I'm gonna end the video here
before I kill myself
thank you for watching but
