again
v and
to be chained
you
I'll just
how could it be this hotel
the other way
like we do that Cree do
stay
nurse nurse come over here yes dr.
bouche yourself who is this madness oh
that's my off to Santa and she was
bought in just this morning home from a
fatal car crash nurse do you know who
this man is
no doctor who is he he is Los Santos
most dangerous man woman shootings
robbery sir you name it he's done it all
oh my goodness doctor I'm so scared
will you hold me enough of that you
stupid bitch what's the sip gnosis then
aa broken leg broken collarbone sprained
spine who's a very lucky to be alive
doctor nurse what's the time
it's a 1:37 p.m. doctor ah why do you
ask take a note of this nurse at 1:37
p.m. in los santos hospital Michael de
Santa was pronounced dead
God is that you yes Michael you are now
in heaven wait wait wait I died
no I can't die I have a wife and
children Michael you are not ready I'm
giving you a second chance
oh my goodness thank you thank you thank
you but why God write the tract Michael
visit the epsilon program what go to
epsilon program dotnet to start the
tract ah that seems like a lot of work
God you do what I say bitch okay okay
Jesus Christ I'm not Jesus Christ you
bastard I mean I mean goal Michael go to
the epsilon program Wow
that was so close I mean I can't believe
I made it out alive it's like some god
damn miracle did all of that God
nonsense really happen no no can't be
I couldn't have died What did he say he
told me to go to a website what website
could he be talking about well I mean
there's no harm in checking you know I
mean at least let me see if the websites
real or not
so let me see here at Salon Program
dot-com well er here goes on nothing I
guess huh
let me see here Oh welcome to the
epsilon program do you want to be happy
and free from thoughts or continue dying
in ignorance without knowing your true
internal self you are controlled by lots
of powerful forces you do not understand
the tract is now being written that's
exactly what God said was this evaluate
your identity
do you have ready ever experience jail
time again and completely you have a
duty honestly with do I consider
creativeness Han ila home on your face
do you want are you able to look at pain
easily knowing their entire family thing
I strike trees and freckles oh my
goodness I'm actually really scared get
results I guess oh my good oh Jesus a
lot of words travel through the dawn to
the past pictured in our brochures look
for the red truck with a dent on the
right fender raise your left hand and
recite the words take me to my father
father brother uncle
kiff LOM well um that's some freaky
stuff right there
well I guess let's go find that truck
then all right let's see oh okay I guess
this is
it I guess this is red truck I mean I
follow that I follow the pictures on the
website they they told me to come here
to this red truck I don't like the look
this guys I'm scared I'm really really
scared I mean what what's going to
happen you know I mean God God told me
to follow his instructions I've done
I've done everything that he wants me to
do truck red truck oh I mean I might as
well do it you know I mean take me to my
father father brother uncle kit Flom did
that do any think oh shit please guys I
don't really draw
haha what the hell what mission passed
I'm doing some sort of mission or
something why my in the desert where's
all my clothes gone
why does my bum heart all these
questions all these questions I'll never
know what the hell happened man why were
those guys attacking me
I don't do anything wrong fucking al
Jesus grow oh what's this an email how
do I get an email please visit our
website and donate $500 well yeah sure
why not I mean so like I don't have $500
man that was fucking weird
I'm a Barbie girl in the Barbie world
grab the plastic it's fantastic you can
brush my hair Oh rest me anywhere
well okay hang on a second hang on a
second hang a second that building right
there
there's some suspicious shit right there
I need to go check this shit out what is
oh no I just something something weird
about this building makes me want to
check it out you know keeping a lot of
other freaky shits been happening so uh
yeah why not it let's check out this
goddamn forsaken shit hello anyone no
it's no one here could have sworn there
was something interesting about this oh
you have come this far but the journey
has only just begun
yeah who you you've waited years for
this moment you're exactly in the right
place okay I was lost I sold myself I
took drugs I was in conflict then I
discovered an incredible truth a truth
so incredible that if I told it to you
now
you would melt into nothingness okay you
are ready but you are not ready oh um oh
yeah I'm definitely not ready you're
ready oh okay I guess I'm ready
double-cross as little as five thousand
oh five thousand what die what the hell
what price would you put on having the
tools to understanding everything into
achieving me impossible maybe the fuck
is this guy and if you think too long we
know you're not ready I'm not ready
that's what I'm trying to say kiplyn get
some what the hell does that even mean
Jesus Christ what is going on let oh I'm
a second ago another email please visit
our web site and donate five thousand up
god are police in this city oh no dude
I'm fucking police Jesus Christ
so what happened again oh yeah got an
email donate $5,000 sure why not I'm a
rich motherfucker I can do whatever I
want with my money sure why the hell not
I'll donate five thousand dollars
they're happy Jesus Christ what the hell
am I getting myself into man okay I
don't need your stupid money you stupid
bitch what the hell do you want from
now I did a lot of other shit which I
cut out for this stupid kill on mission
what is this girl won with me
hello when and this bitch astronomy is
on dawn for some reason it is today and
the track can be written yes finally I
want to write this stupid track that God
was talking about okay I cut all that
stupid shit that the stupid girl was
saying she basically wants me to go and
wear an outfit for 10 days so let I've
bought the outfit already so let's go to
my closet so let me see my sex to Alfred
where is this motherfucker
oh Jesus Christ you me to wear this this
for 10 days I don't wanna play this this
mission is so long and hard as well she
said I like you the shitty montage I
guess
all right come on I've done would you
set I've been wearing this shit for like
ten days
just text me oh thank god careful Oh Mia
robes blah blah blah blah blah blah
probably have to go meet them why is
this careful a mission such a pain in
the ass please be over this is so long
so long yeah careful of your son of a
bitch Thunder you're nearly a true
thesis yes your antithesis is almost yes
yes very reasonably priced do what you
took all my money house it really hit
the cyst it's easy just to bring a small
donation to Chris what you want more
money but first you must wear your medal
and your attire and run five miles
through the desert what what no you're
joking here fly what fuck you're when
you're okay how bad can it be
you know running five miles can't be
that bad I mean if I to run five miles
of real life it wouldn't be that bad so
how bad would it be in a video game
can't be can't be that long come on any
second now any second now if what that
was just one that was just 0.1 Oh for
fuck's sake
oh shit um well that was uh I was quite
unfortunate oh shit oh shit oh shit oh
shit where the fuck is my outfit gone
off fuck say this is not good this is
not good quick must go put on uniform
must put on a spill on program is
abandoned come back another time
no no no no you're joking you did not
save you cannot be serious
don't tell me didn't save I pissed me
off don't piss me off please don't piss
me off
come on come on come on come on yes one
hour one hour of pressing up and
pressing the Run button tap tap tap oh I
did it I bar game did it oh oh good a
phone call yes what do you want
am i finish you know what you want you
it is just beginning have you cast off
the game hmm
have you observed your inefficiencies
yes yes some yes I highly no longer
exist you are ready yes
ready for what to make another
investment in yourself what bring a
generous tithe to the center in vine
would you want more money personally
receive hmm
please be over please kill um be over
okay I think I think this is the last
mission guys I spent like four hours
doing this side mission on GTA the tract
is being written yes we're writing the
track together yes we are yes the tract
is being written thank God to the cache
yes yeah put your money down these guys
all they care about is fucking money
Jesus Christ zonder tell me
have you reached my paradigm uh-huh yeah
sure
are you ready to write the track yes Kim
yes I've been ready for four hours sure
to deliver this big bale of cash my
helicopter okay okay
looks like we're nearly done damn god
really had it in for me didn't he he set
me on in this long long side mission I
mean yeah I I respect him enough that he
gave me he gave me back my life but I
didn't know that he would make me go on
this very long and very time-consuming
mission I don't know what I learned to
be honest or if I learn anything any
actually I'm not sure if if if that all
that God stuff was real or if this is
just some money-making scheme I have no
idea I don't even know how I'll react to
these guys you know I mean part of me
says they've been taking advantage of me
and another part says that they've
helped me
no to write the tracks I don't know what
to do guys I honestly don't know what to
do hi my name's Michelle and you've been
watching careful are the GTA 5
interactive movie where you can choose
your own ending do you want to choose a
the Kevlar ending or do you want to
choose big the evil ending
choose now remember to turn on
annotations or if you're on the mobiles
then there's a link in the description
choose now duh-duh-duh
