hello everyone my name is a mess of and
we're back playing some more GTA 5 just
like all of you said in the comments
section teacher I want your chair I will
unsubscribe watch it so anyway what are
we doing last time last time we were
oooh
last time we were getting me a
girlfriend oh yeah remind me never again
to devote a whole video based around you
you stupid idiot
so Brandon are we going to do it
uh do what get me a boyfriend silly no
but please Brandon I'm horny
look chop some new DLC drop today for
GTA 5 and I need to cover it you know
for the youtubes you hate me because I'm
gay don't you what no of course not
every person has the right to love who
they choose err
even dogs you hate gays you're raw
homophobe no no no no chop card oh no
joy and this money look one guy score
headshot I'm gonna go down just brush up
why do you hide yeah shut up you see
this drop you see this remember last
time huh you want to piss me off again
huh do ya do ya fuckin faggot anyway
guys um so yeah like I said before some
new dlc drop today their beach bump Pack
DLC which came free to all of you
motherfuckers out there who have GTA 5
so today we are dressed up Franklin
chopped what the fuck you doing get out
of it today we are dressed up to go to
the beach but first we can't just go to
the beach we have to go get our new
vehicles and hopefully pick up some
ladies at the beach so let's go baby
so if you didn't read the prompt that
was shown when you installed the DLC
your vehicles are stored in your garage
so let us go to Franklin's garage so
basically the DLC has two apps so
basically the DLC has two vehicles added
and the first vehicle is the Biff derp
and it's a dune buggy let's have a look
at this son of a bitch
you
alright so that was the dune buggy
personally my favorite so let's go check
out that second vehicle come on come on
okay so the second vehicle is called the
paradise
so those are the two vehicles that you
get with this free DLC pretty cool but
personally I prefer the doom buggy so
I'm gonna go get that son of a bitch -
at the moment we might as well go over
to the auto shop because look at it it
kind of looks kind of ugly in black
doesn't it fuckin ugly vehicle so yeah
look at it actually was pretty pretty
good vehicle yeah our fucking your own
yeah this this doom buggy actually is
pretty fast it's got a good acceleration
and look at it turn baby look at it turn
look at this motherfucker toad yeah baby
shake that ass you doom buggy
motherfucker ah - a baby auto body paint
yeah yeah yeah yeah the BF mr. offroad
oh it's an off-road vehicle oh yeah that
that kind of makes sense because it's
kind of a beach buggy so let's start off
by repairing the vehicle obviously let's
add some armor obviously 200% the brakes
let's see how badly we can pin this
motherfucker out let's add racing oh
yeah on the good look
it's got like a low sink bail on Mike on
your channel as awesome alright so
engine let's upgrade that that's pretty
good pretty good acceleration nearly nil
to the top exhaust oh cool look at this
motherfucker you can have like two
fucking exhaust that is awesome look at
that son of a bitch I'm definitely
getting that one
so you can add like a roof and stuff in
this dune buggy but now we're going to
do the colors but I'm gonna leave that
to a surprise so I'll be right back
I know I know calm down it's it's a sexy
vehicle so basically with this DLC you
also got two weapons that automatically
are in your inventory the bottle oh yeah
look at me with my big ass butter Wow
Wow and you also got the SNS pistol yeah
baby look at this small motherfuckers
laughs my willy
i'ma go sighs got much of a clip on it 1
2 3 4 5 6 6 6 or 7 oh my god that's
pathetic
let's quickly go to the the gun shop and
see if we get any upgrades on these
motherfuckers so we got the bottle
unfortunately no upgrade I know and the
SNS pistol oh really can only add an
extended clip that sucks oh well oh well
anyway that's that's pretty much it for
the pistols ok it's a bit late after all
that dicking around but tomorrow
tomorrow ladies and gentlemen we're
gonna go to the motherfucking beach ah
ah what a beautiful day damn day of
nature you beautiful motherfucker
damn what a beautiful day have a good
day chopper 2 I'm after the beach stroke
me with you know I yeah look at me
rollin up to the beach look at these
sad-ass motherfuckers look at them
they're all jealous of my sexy OspA core
look at them they're all looking at me
yeah you're jealous on you you're
jealous look at you all jealous that you
didn't get the DLC I got the
motherfucking DLC bitches look at this
motherfucker taking a picture
hey max would be taking a picture of my
vehicle we fuckin idiot oh shit he's
getting up oh shit you think he's angry
yeah but yeah but he's definitely angry
or shit no I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry
please don't hurt me if only I had a
weapon that will kill him that's the
perfect opportunity to use my bottle oh
yeah look at me ski scared look at him
look at him run you can't run I'm gonna
get you I'm gonna get you
die motherfucker oh my goodness
damned I just want hit that guy holy
shit
sorry man didn't mean to kill ya see
kids this is why I shouldn't play with
glass bottles man this fucking bottle is
powerful this shit oh man where the hell
is everyone man who the hell is going to
appreciate my dlc pack now
Jesus Christ look at them or they will
run away wait hang on a second is this
Jim oh yeah look at these guys hey guys
look at my vehicle they don't seem to
care do they dancing together I've got
the best DLC vehicle in the whole world
comment comment guys yeah work it guys
yeah look at you go look at all you mutt
oh ah hello what what why is everyone
stopped oh shit hey guy I didn't want
any trouble what the hell I'll crap no I
don't wanna fight I don't wanna fight
hey ladies aren't home the ladies want
to find me no no I don't wanna fight I
want to find anyone you know what this
is a public opportunity to use my as an
S pistol yeah you're scared now aren't
you you're mother fuckers yeah you
better run you think I gotta run
actually huh you think another run yeah
anyone else want a piece of me I'll see
you running dude I'll see you running
I'm gonna getcha I told you out getcha
oh crap it was woman ah oh wow
all I've wanted was some friends oh my
god oh my god oh god there's ago there's
a girl yeah about time I see a
motherfuckin girl did a dick didn't let
that dead dead alone oh she didn't like
my vehicle what the hell how could you
not like this vehicle you stupid bitch
move out the way man hey girl come back
here come back girl girl I'm not gonna
hurt ya why are you running away from me
I'm not gonna hurt your girl why do they
always run away from me oh my god what
the hell oh girl I'm not gonna hurt you
look look look look calm down calm down
there we go there we go now girl now
that I've got your attention off a fuck
sake man I can't get any girls I mean
the only girl that ever loved me was
sapphire sapphires at you oh my god
sapphire that's you we did it baby look
suffers them but we finally got a
bitches number last time we got a
beautiful girlfriend by the name of
sapphire sapphire us hey girl hey girl
stop stop stop what are you doing at the
beach I mean you should have told me we
could have maybe gone together sapphire
oh are you still not talking to me
sapphire you can't keep making me run
after you like this sapphire you can't I
mean one day I'm not gonna be here and
you'll remember it you know what girl
just go just leave me I know you want to
leave me just just just go just go I
won't forget you sapphire I won't forget
you oh my god huh oh my gosh it's really
gone wow she's really gone oh my god
times like these I don't want to be
alone you know I mean I'm lonely I don't
want to be alone I need a friend the
question is what friends will join me at
the beach oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy
right chopper right shop calm down calm
down
so I pimped out the paradise I think
it's called and you can actually change
the design on it in the in the auto shop
they options a surf Shark lager and
doctor purse yeah so I decided to go
with doctor puss
all right chop we're at the carnival
because I'm a bit sad to be honest and I
need some cheering up do whatever you
want you homophobe ah Jesus Christ I'm
not a homophobe okay oh boy I can't wait
to ride this all right shop just wait
for me I won't be uh I won't be too long
Oh
the levy our tithe I not even know what
the play says oh I can't bloody wait oh
it's so exciting
oh man that was so fun
sorry chop if I took so long man look at
its name night time Jesus Christ our man
that was just what I needed
Brandon that was so gay uh what the way
you just wrote that that that was so gay
man look you do your game ever look at
you you okay gay game with her okay all
right guys that's pretty much all we've
got for today I hope you enjoyed this
funny moment slash DLC kind of video I
never know what the hell it was but
anyway like I always say if you want
more GTA then hit that like button as
soon as we hit a certain amount of likes
I will upload the next GTA and also
leave a comment to tell me if you want
more because I read the comments more
and also I have some special news I need
some help on my next GTA Shaniqua video
and the way that you guys can get
involved with this one that's right I
need your help
follow me on Twitter and I will
basically say then when I'm gonna be
filming and then you guys could be
featured in one of my videos hopefully
so yeah when I thank you guys so much
for watching and I will see you next
time bye bye
