oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
it is mess yourself there today we're
gonna be watching internet safety videos
with the internet being fairly new and
kids you know being on internet now
which is completely normal from such a
young age all right
some companies have made like some
random videos to promote like you know
child safety
you know whenever your being on I in
online there that so recently I found an
Internet safety video that everyone I
swear everyone liked from the ages
between 20 and 25 in the UK I swear
every school has showed this internet
safety video okay at the time it was
kind of effective but it's quite funny
how the internet has aged since then
alright I'm talking about like 10 years
ago okay I was probably more than now
it's probably 15 years ago this video is
old it's called consequences assembly
for 11 to 16 year olds okay so this
company made like this internet safety
video which honestly it's just really
funny okay because I watched it recently
the other day and I was like man I have
to react or react to this okay okay so
we've got some kid thanks coming by mom
mom you look after yourself now make
sure you don't go chasing any bills
online I'll be fine all right go away
mum okay so typically a racing fan she
she's always worrying but I guess that's
what moms do okay so we got this kid
okay so relatable auntie so much mean
I've got my own place Oh
okay Wow okay wow you are you're a pig
Jesus Christ okay this guy's a pig
sitting at home to my humble abode yeah
here I'm king of the castle oh my own
books I'm sure you are I can live
exactly our one exactly how you won by
being a pig drinking Winnebagos for mess
because that's just how I like it
you like the mess why not best of all I
can play online games against anyone on
one all day long without anyone get in
wait let's slow down the footage right
now what are you aiming at and what are
you shooting at but yet he still
celebrates that he killed someone you
see I believe life should be all about
having fun yes well of the internet so
much today
isn't it amazing what you can get up to
it's amazing man straight away you can
tell this video was created by just
adults who have no idea how the internet
works okay who's this old man of the
back browser watch that you're filming
an internet safety video don't mind me
boy tells a bloody internet okay now is
that pop drinking a bit there's so many
great friends over there it's really
interesting finding out all about them
okay gang up to their hobbies that kind
of thing decides we can get together
play games or just chat watching this
video as like what like a 10 year old
okay and the internet was so new back
then man it's and it's so crazy but this
one game where I play detective detect
is a kind of guessing game where I try
to work out when my friends leave what
they look like exactly a school they go
to wait what you want to figure out
where your friends live online that's
that's a bit weird the other thing
that's a normal thing you know it's just
just to look up where your friends live
you know and what school they go to
isn't this guy moved out and he's
friends with with school girl okay now
I'm just getting it all right either
he's a predator okay Wow I'd love to
fool around yeah I've got this one game
where I play detective oh wait
kind of guessing game where I try to
work out when my friends leave okay
what they look like exactly the school
they go to okay it's bit creepy oh no
this girl theory isn't bingo I can get
all the information I need just by doing
a little bit of internet research
disgusting this man okay so this guy
found out all her information because
she put it online like a phone number
and her address what kind of dumbass
idiot would put their address publicly
online okay please do not do now kind of
made alright who would put this much
detail into that bloody info okay
okay Jane over there
Jade it was easy finding about her he
went and printed out a picture I mean
you do realize you have a mobile phone
man you realize you could put pictures
on that you know it's what to make this
guy look creepy okay he printed out a
picture of her this is getting creepier
than now look at this take a look at
this he's so excited isn't she lovely oh
I got it from my boyfriend's profile
thanks that mate like the boyfriends of
all these girls and making sure that
opposed pictures anymore they try that
like just be so obvious about like the
do's and don'ts or the internet but come
on now like I feel like kids aren't this
stupid but then again you know kids are
pretty stupid actually oh this guy
creeps me out
don't tell them this Oh rule number one
never put pictures of yourself or your
friends online that you wouldn't show
your mum that aren't if I or you granny
boy oh I mean that's kind of true that
still kind of holds some merit today
alright it don't post anything online
that you wouldn't show it's like your
nan okay because if your man was shocked
by it then I'm sure like other people in
the world would be shocked by it okay
you know just just be careful we know
don't don't personally like sexy sexy
videos of you alright it's just weird
alright you'll regret it when you're
older I'm telling you I couldn't
leave my luck there she was for everyone
to see ah no passwords nothing
oh it was a few clicks and I'll go email
I'm account number okay a profile has
been viewed 257 thousand times the kind
of viral sensation social media star is
at this school right now going on yeah
don't put your phone number and don't
put your address and also you know just
just try to avoid using your real name
and your date about to you know like the
Internet is like a very public place you
know and you know some people can't find
where you live just just buy some
information about you you know but then
again what's stopping this guy from just
you know kidnapping some random go out
school anyway why is he going to do it
through the internet this video just so
outdated it just makes no sense she
captioned her photo sexy me Wow
oh I got a little bit full of yourself
now Jesus Christ for everyone to see oh
my passwords nothing Oh audience it was
a few clicks got a mail I am a count of
mobile number I'll pop in a dress and
I've got a bird's-eye view of where she
live okay rule number two make sure your
user settings are kept to private so any
real friends can get in all right you
know I I do recommend you know having
like a private account you know at least
two you're like sixteen or whatever but
I know what kids are like and they're
not gonna do that anyway you know I felt
like every kid now wants to be like a
YouTube star or an Instagram star they
just want follows okay I paid by any of
these rules alright clearly these videos
did not work with all these kids from
nowadays all right but I mean as long
you're allowed to have a public profile
just be careful and just don't talk to
any weirdos online oh god is she is
walking home from school
this guy's was following off I know
hurry inside out every anyway every nook
and cranny every nook and cranny every
anyway every nook and cranny I know her
every move what she's gonna turn left
and hang out of the shops for 15 minutes
tops
also gonna do it this guy's creepy I
don't like him he's weirded me out oh no
he's gonna go for a while it's a chats
online it got pretty close rule number
three make sure you know who is on your
buddy list Oh someone who you think is
an online friend might not be a friend
oh but don't you worry about that see
that's kind of true you know I mean like
there's so many like catfishes nowadays
all right and this goes to like kids too
don't talk to anyone you don't know in
there especially if you're in school I
feel you know because like if anyone is
talking to you you know online that they
don't know you and you're still in
school they're probably a weirdo okay
honestly if you don't know them don't
talk to them excuse me want to say hello
oh what's he doing
Oh No is he gonna ring up yes I will
call number Oh No Oh
hi Jade yeah it's just in here Oh
remember me sweetheart did you do I oft
good go under the bush would you ask you
oh no what did he ask you to do little
girl
all right why is she doing this first
off oh no oh no she's good a USB stick
don't tell me she's gonna send this guy
nudes what a USB stick man okay this
this this this this video is so outdated
Jesus Christ okay why is this girl
sending news to him in the first place
you know like like what's he really
gonna do you know I mean like like what
is he holding against you I don't
understand you know you're just gonna
willingly you know
send pictures to some guy you don't know
yeah come on come on now honey an idiot
would do that I hope no one is stupider
as this this is situation you know
imagine the conversation that this guy's
like yeah I'm what I mean you do is how
I need you to send sexy pictures of you
at Bharata you must be yeah and leave it
near this bush okay just so I can take
it and look at it home is quite a USB
stick that she just happily put all of
us pictures on it all right well there
you go I told her no harm will come to
this place
surely the news is that is the bad thing
that she did what does she do in the
first place in all of you to blackmail
her to give you the news so quickly
how's the kid this made total sense but
now I'm watching it as a 23 year old man
I'm just like wow okay like this is how
they were brainwashing kids all right
this this is why I was so scared of the
internet when I was a kid man cuz I was
been fed like information like this I
mean like fair enough be safe but come
on now they always pick like extreme
situations okay so now he's gonna go
home and check out the pictures oh no
this is disgusting actually
oh it's quite simple Oh what what she
needs to do to stop me bothering it ever
again what do let's kick this band
that's rule number four by rule number
four take the report abuse button
because we all know like that's gonna
help you know
you know don't go into anyone in real
life you know just click a button online
and that's gonna solve all your problems
all right yeah yeah man this video has
aged so much why am I even watching this
okay I feel like it's interesting
alright because just to see how the
internet was like when I was a kid Jesus
all she needs to do to stop me bothering
his father again just click now he's
gonna go away that's rule number four by
the way run over for the time so her
that yeah don't tell her that because
she didn't know she just thought was a
button I did nothing when there was the
main attraction oh no I was gonna put
the USB in now oh no he's gonna look at
the pictures oh this you kidding it's
time for one this is Coldplay clocks but
maybe share them with a few mates online
Oh No now this coaster sitting in this
bed
whoa Coldplay place way to ruin this
song for me Jesus Christ and this ghost
is crying this guy yeah yeah no you're
ruining it you're ruining this song no
no please no okay now I really want to
listen to call play clocks Danny
let's go well it can't be saved I tried
to swim against what a great song we
don't get songs like this nowadays I
swear ok and now she's crying because
she said in the news even though she
really didn't really have to do but
she's regretting it's my personal thanks
oh no well I should pay a visit
oh he's good no he's gonna take it next
up one step further halt no disgusting
oh wait what's going on now Oh ladies
and gents
okay now he's realizing that how much
radar 16 Oh
well Justin turns out though people who
wanted to pay him yeah yeah yeah don't
the police all right don't get you thank
you okay now it's his turn skin nose
yeah yeah go to the police you've read
off boy
yes like getting the police what does he
do how does she how did you save
yourself all right you see it took me a
while to grow up but I realized I had to
do something to make this stop stop
walking away from your computer you know
it's hard but this all scared yeah you
continued everything about me I mean
every thought about who else could see
the pictures and stuff my profile starts
just thinking about how good on it's my
friend's boyfriend in year 10 I'm
kidding actually I'm not Chelsea fan so
I don't know why I'm saying her this guy
has five hundred and forty-two thousand
profile views what is viral stars on
this website it's creepy I realize that
put it all together online and even find
me yeah of course they tend to be my
friend
oh yeah don't fall for that okay don't
fall for something front of your friend
I got my face that anyone would ever use
that stuff against me
oh yeah they might show my parents goes
a school might know I've been saying
about it's true don't do it alright look
at my profile private ah private okay
sure that was tool coming now not my
help you know put in a private profile
no my pictures are out there forever
yeah and there's nothing I can do
together see why did you do it then okay
honestly Justin said he'd show everyone
yeah make it a point Lee whoa disgusting
so what could I do
I guess but yeah just uh feel nothing
well I think they give him what he
wanted yeah
but then I remembered I don't have to
put up with this you don't have to
there is someone I could tell there is
someone without getting to talk to you
about get in trouble oh no is it the no
it's the report view spinous no Wow okay
yeah this magic button Jesus Christ
where was this button when I was a kid
okay where is this one now you go go
okay you go report that guy right and
the police just showed up the next the
next day all right
oh they arrested this poor guy okay
let's go Wow what a great story
Jesus okay okay ladies German that was
me reacting to this internet safety
video which you know I watched as a kid
and I feel like if you are British and
if you are like my around my age I feel
like pretty much everyone has watched
this okay and I feel like it's pretty
funny to look at you know like 15 years
into the future you know and you know I
think it's also funny to see how you
know that British people tackle internet
safety you know it's just it's just all
really weird okay it's just all just
propaganda but regardless it did have
some good messages just be safe online
all right don't be a dumbass an idiot
like Miss stupid girl all right don't
send nudes on a USB stick what the
hell's even going on and watch this
shitty video okay ladies German I'm
there in the video there there's so many
internet safety videos and honestly this
one wasn't even the funniest I've got so
many funny ones to this video we just a
thousand likes I'll make a video on that
either way though
thank you guys so much for watching and
I'll see you in the next video ladies
and gents
