Oh oh hey guys I didn't see you there my
name is Misha Stefan yeah this is my
face how's everyone doing I'm just
popping in just to see how everyone is
doing and today we're gonna go read some
you two comments cuz I read most of them
some before I started reading some nifty
comments I just want to say something
remarkable happened this month and yes
as you can see from the title of the
video we just hit 100,000 subscribers
and that is so amazing as well to say
thank you all for the likes and the
comments and the favorite twos or
helping out such a bunch I think you're
actually we're not like 150 K the moment
so but uh anyway I just wanna say thank
you guys so much for 100 K so let's
start winging some YouTube comments you
are so funny and your love is hilarious
wait a minute that mean you're laughing
at me
wow that's just rude whoever hates your
videos they don't get it
yep they just don't get it my sister's
have a big crush on you by the way you
are freaking awesome
what's that you have sisters that have a
crush on me well I think you know what
we're all thinking
I could watch your videos all day if I
had to go on then
you bitch XD this is so funny try not to
laugh and snorting awkwardly laugh so
hard hat to pause the video
how the fucking hell argue this body I
mean it's like you're on humor steroids
yeah like his eyes Oh God
a semicolon it's a capital D I must rape
him no don't rape my eyes no offense
is he gay no no I'm not gay gay uh no no
I just said I'm not gay you gay no for
goodness sake I'm not gay all right calm
down
I'm not gay all right I'm I love
watching your videos smiley face I get
so excited every time you upload one
three exclamation marks
you're freaking awesome mess yourself
that is just so whoever dislike this 11
fuckin video I won't bother ya calm down
man
calm down you are amazing I never find a
moment where I'm not laughing at your
videos I think I just found a moment
holy effing shit that was so funny I
loved so hard my brother thought I was
crazy Mary Fleming
I've had a house I think I'm not real
none of this is real
you're crazy I just want to say I love
what you know your videos I am sick
right now
oh no you're sick I look you got a
picture of a kitty cat oh no I'm so
sorry
and every time I watch your videos I get
more and more healthier by all the
laughing and fun I can have at home I
think I soon can be healthy again yay
thank you please make more videos Wow
I'm like Jesus Christ or some shit mess
yourself is the funniest guy I have seen
them on the youtubes I don't understand
why he doesn't have more subscribers
hey that's kind of rude I mean I have
150,000 oh is that a lot to you how many
of you got Hannah three Pat I laugh at
your three subscribers I'm joking so
jealous can we do suffice up funny as
hell definitely gonna subscribe you
could you legend make you legend this is
so funny I die now that I have your
attention
perfect oh Jesus oh Babel oh Jesus okay
guys that's pretty much it for this
month's comments I try to read as many
of my favorite YouTube comments because
I do read your comments because I care
that little bit much that little bit
much for you guys so yes I just want to
thank you all again for your support and
I will see you in the next video of mine
tour ah I mean not to our goodbye
