no hello everyone and welcome to oh god
damn hang on a second goddamn look at
these girls damn well that's a real
bargain look at the way man you fucking
idiot what are you looking at huh we're
looking at me huh step to me huh
step to me that's what I thought bitch
anyway what am I talking about I mean
hello everyone and welcome to Assassin's
Creed free if you're like me and you're
excited possessing screwed for then uh
yeah what are we talking about let's
just go do some fucking funny shit Shh
can see me I'm a ninja I'm a ninja wait
am i a ninja no I'm an assassin
I kind of forget I keep forgetting
opened up oh my good we'll stop is that
what I think it is oh I can pet the cow
ah ha ha it's so adorable ha ha what the
hell this cows inside me what the hell I
think I brought the cow sir anyone I
think I broke a goddamn carros come on
good little bit closer what let's just
fucking from this game I said I got a
broken his cows what the hell ha ha ha
lessons guys read to fucking go fuck you
cow didn't like you any like these two
oh man how am I gonna pick my favorite
out of these 2 oh poor cat what what the
hell what what oh my god I think I broke
this game fuck you you're glitching
piece of shit I'll leave you cuz you're
the you're the good one oh my gosh a pig
fuck you Pig where's all the girls that
master
getting some girls up in here what's
this start riot go on then I start riot
what what I do then do anything I start
riot what what what the hell why is
there so many people there of a sudden
I'm a fortune I do that what the hell
what the hell what's going on what's
going on
take this motherfuckers yeah look I'll
look the roya's have suddenly come into
fucking beggars look at these sluts
buying over money look at them all
despicable you disgust me you filthy
animals you disgust me
you disgust me hey don't push me back
that money money in the house okay guys
that's enough that's enough calm down
now and calm down you're really annoying
me now you're really starting to piss me
off guys calm down she's calm down
everybody's calm everyone calm the hell
down calm the hell down shut the fuck up
what's going on here oh no it's another
rider don't ask that one no no another
one of those again man what the hell
where is everyone
oh hey baby hey goddamn ago that don't
mind me fiddling with your ass
hey yes bitch hey girl don't mind me I
just gonna just gonna stand next you for
a sec oh did I grab a rat I grabbed up
rats keep doing what you're doing girl I
know my name don't mind me just gonna
fill my hands with other bum bum oh
that's nice oh gods
God's not doing you think dumb I made to
do fucking kids hey girl hey girl hey
muscles Bom Bom you've got to move bitch
hey girl give a monkey give a walking
Everlast Oh goddamn you liked that
didn't you oh wait no didn't run away
yeah look at this ass goddamn the quiz
ass oh god damn yeah oh oh shit I just
got that kids off I'm a pedophile Shh
I'm a ninja
no one's gonna expect me to be in this
little stable thingy wherever its goals
ha I just get the hell out there what
the hell who the hell you guys want piss
off your wankers what the hell what's
these kids one with me go away why can't
I kill them why won't you die die bitch
die motherfuckers
why can't I kill these guys what's so
bad about killing children for fuck sake
I've got one way that I can kill you
here boom ha ha ha wait what what the
hell the children still alive oh crap my
little fetus all my little sweeties ow
how many Fiji's hey guys hi doin I do on
this beautiful night what it's bit dark
here woody what are you two doing in
this dark alley I may ask but what the
hell
ha ha ha they're getting it on look at
these guys look at these filthy bastards
they're getting it on yeah I like that
shit yeah you do that shit girl you do
that shit guy yeah mind if I can the
action
oh she liked that she didn't she hey so
what'd he say ma'am
potential three-way come on everyone
likes a potential three-way oh ah
what the hell oh no all right now uh
what's going on here
uh hello what's going on here is this is
this what I think it's happening
hang on a sec no this cannot be is this
rape am i witnessing a rape well it is
up to my heroic duty to stop this wake
from happening there you go my friend
there you go that woman's not gonna
bother you anymore sorry dad fuck me man
dafter thank me oh poor girl well no
point living under waste come on baby
let's go
No I like you girl I like you I'm gonna
name you Jessica Connor and Jessica yeah
I like that shit man I like that shit
we're gonna be loved forever
don't mind me God sir just bringing my
girlfriend back to me no Jessica no
please cards that's my girlfriend
God please are they all gone Jessica
quick this is our move no one's gonna
stop us Jessica nothing could stop our
love for each other oh no they're back
they're back now gods please
no we're newly lovers please do not do
this God's no no no no no I can't I
Jessica now please please please Jessica
Jessica
Shh I'm a ninja I mean I'm an assassin
oh good
hey is it God coming oh my god come on
God ain't gonna hurt you surprise
motherfucker bloom ha that's funny
uh so let us now go hunting because
apparently there's animals in this game
so uh let's go to the docks where's the
docks ah there is so the animals should
be somewhere around here I think oh I
hear something go whoo
I hear something where are you oh crap
is it wolfy that be oh crap ex ex ex ex
ex ex ex ex ex ex get off me you fucking
bitch
oh crap a I press B and press B hey what
the hell okay let's just try it again
okay okay one more time help me okay I
swear to god this is gonna be the last
I swear come on bitch garbage me ex yeah
that's what you get motherfucking wolves
trying to kill me more than three times
bitch I'm a skin yo ass yeah yeah look
at me I'm such a boss yeah yeah yeah I'm
brofist to myself I don't need anyone to
brofist I'm gonna brofist myself yeah
what's this play a game yeah sure I'll
play a game what game we play man bowls
what the hell I don't have to play bowls
scrip we'll bet the whole 100 pounds
what the fuck is this this is in the
game screw this I'm playing the rest of
the shitty game I mean I had to play
what the hell what I lost 100 pounds so
much money that is now that's how much
money is then and now what the hell
who's got my money who's got my money
where's my money at man who took my
money man who took my money I'll be the
shit out of him oh it was you the
chicken fuck you chicken so guys a good
ended video here but I want to thank you
guys so much for watching this Asus
Creed 3 video funny moments if you want
more funny moments please be sure to
that like button tell me in the comment
section below if not then I will be
definitely doing something for Black
Flag when it comes out if not but yeah
well thank you guys 7 wedding and I will
see you next time bye bye
you
you
you
