hello everyone
dr. mess yourself is back in I am back
ladies and gentleman with a new level to
lay come on cassette going going four
nine four eight remember the cold guys
remember the code for nine twenty guys
wait
it's
ah fucking me
so does he need get out of here get out
man take out your bitch paint faggot
motherfucker where's this what did you
call it what the fuck is this
eat it bitch eat it eat your disgusting
organs you disgusting filthy animal oh
no I hate aliens so goddamn much oh
don't make me try it again please don't
make me try it again I don't wanna play
I don't like the aliens aliens what the
fuck is that
oh okay calm down Brian calm down calm
down calm down calm down okay we can do
this shit all right
it's it's just a couple of million - no
it's just a couple of aliens all right
so what was the code four nine four
eight I think four eight okay Oh calm
down
whoa you ain't gonna scare me alien mega
scare me
oh what's this a penis white penis in
this chest get this penis out of it
wait God no Willie now mr. alien what
what the hell is this what the hell oh
my god oh my god what the hell do I use
this oh shit oh shit I'm sorry Ellen I'm
sorry easy easy
there we go Oh No okay I'm sorry
alien it's very hard to control it's
very hard I think I'm killing him with
this let's try something else to try the
hammer hello
no come back come up Hama Amadou go no
no come on Elliot don't worry I'm not
hurting you or anything like that
oh shit chameleon you're so cute look at
your little face I love it you didn't
face okay wooja wooja-- cootie alien yes
you are yes you are would you could you
go would you could you're good you're
good okay let's get the shit out of the
way get it all away now what the fuck
should we cut now the fuck is this easy
easy
do not cut the bloody alien ah don't
hurt the bloody alien ah I'm sorry Ellen
I'm sorry I didn't mean to bloody hurt
you
I didn't mean to I'm just trying to
operate why won't you let me operate oh
crap is losing a lot of blood he is
losing a lot of blood where is this all
this what is this what the hell is this
what what the hell like a fucking
penetrator let me penetrating you I'm
gonna pay to trade your face no that's
not doing any justice what way is this
penetrator what do we do with it
penetrate I'm gonna try I'm doing
anything it's not doing anything
it's doing much worse than it is good no
don't die and don't die I'm sorry I'm so
all we had in the past but this time I
love you there it's out Oh what the fuck
is that
Oh get it away that's disgusting no
alien no don't die I love you alien I
love you I love you I love you I love
you I love you I loved you why did you
die
I love you what the fuck was that
why do I keep failing ha ha ha I hate
this game I hate this game so much our
plane our anyway guys I don't wanna play
anymore if you want to play this Easter
egg little thing and the instructions
are down below if you want to give it a
go because I can't anyway thanks for
watching
