hey guys it's mesh yourself here and I'm
just popping in just to see how
everyone's doing hey how you doing hey
how you doing bitch so I just wanted to
make this video because I made a similar
video like this where I showcased all of
your very nice YouTube comments and I
thought you know when it went so well
last time let's do it again just an
interesting fact about my channel but I
actually read every single youtube
comment I get believe it or not if you
leave a comment on my channel I read it
yes I'm that sad well let's start this
motherfucker you are hilarious mess
yourself I think this is so awesome
because it's the freakin top comment
mess how you so funny slow you deserve
more subscribers love so funny you
should be big hit push the hip I love I
laughed so hard I spilled cool add I
think it means kool-aid we don't have it
my country but I think I know what it
means on my keyboard oh shit and broke
the cup holy shit you broke the cup what
the hell
make more videos okay Jesus I love The
Sims 3 3 videos do more please it's so
funny I nearly fell off my seat well if
you fell off your seat I would have made
more videos mess yourself is fucking
please love your videos my favorite
subscribe are never deleting you why
shall I die you crazy in that comment
but er thank you you are funny and
awesome make more video hahaha
you are the most funniest youtuber ever
why haven't you got a million
subscribers people who don't subscribe
has no soul listening to that you have
no soul
haven't subscribed subscribe if you
wrecked a puppy you can still make it
Alerus whoa thank you so much damn this
shit better than KFC can't stop napping
I laughed till I cried please don't stop
just please don't crap a little o me
don't cry a little on me you are almost
better than the syndicate project and
PewDiePie well if I almost bare them
then I'm pretty damn good at fucking
YouTube you better than the Buddha paw
here fags hey man leave PewDiePie alone
he's a nice guy
yup just want to show support I love
your videos i subbed after I saw the
Octodad this is the one of my favorite
YouTube channels because you love to
make your content oh yes I do
and don't just do it for the money money
you can add money from YouTube
subscribing to you it was the first
thing I did today
you rock mate well if he masturbated
that day and he still meant that then
that's a fucking huge couple oh I'm very
happy I subscribe to you well guys I
just want to say thank you again for all
of these nice comments all these
comments have been from my past 10
videos 10 15 videos and if you ever want
to be showcased in one of these per game
actually do you ever want to see one of
these again because I like doing them it
shows my appreciation for having such
epic subscribers anyway I want to thank
you guys so much for watching and I will
see you in my next video goodbye
