hey guys it's shiny here welcome to the
video that was probably the best Shaun
the impression on YouTube don't deny it
so today we are playing GTA 4 I mean say
404 I mean GTA 4 I woke up this morning
ok and I saw there was a mod created and
it's a Saints Row 4 parody of the
dubstep gun I know we all can't wait to
play Saints Row 4 so I'm gonna show you
this fucking dubstep gun hang on one sec
let me just spawn it in spawned it and
here it is baby
look at this shit it's actually a really
good mimic so do you want me to use it
yo BB is it okay ready other thing you
guys are ready are you ready okay
good show me show me you ready yeah
ready let's go okay let's do this are
you ready okay let's go more people come
back here bastards but never know Merced
that's a buffer purpose buffer and also
you can do our cars look the cars go the
Kasauli shaking it didn't it didn't okay
stop it Shaunie I'm not pressing
anything what's going on show me what's
going on Johnny okay Shaunie's listen
fucking dogs look at the guy on the
right it's fucking here's a boss in the
club he what he's the kind of guy you
want to go in the club with guys look at
him yeah here we go again
oh shit here we go yeah you shake a car
look at all the fucking Street rave look
at this shit here we go again yeah buddy
oh it stopped
everyone just go back to normal hello
yep
street raves over pissed off that's
fucking hilarious there's another mode
on this dubstep gun as well G tab you
can go okay let's do the shit again you
ready three two one come on the rave
Sean D hurry up
and here we go with them if we don't
wait there baby girl look us you're nice
you're so cool
okay stop now okay I'm still stuck like
this oh oh shit no not any more than any
more and stop it stop it
so um if you want to download this mod
it's in the description and all that
stuff I'm also using the Shani avatar if
you want download that's in description
oh don't hit me with the car you bitch
but better die with dubstep okay
also if you want to link to this song
it's in the description and throw the
short video but I thought I would show
this mod out I want to thank you guys so
much for watching and I'll see you next
week
I'll see you next time bye bye
