hello everyone and I'm back with my
buddies dozen chains jeans I'm a badass
motherfucker
how you doing changing motherfucker yeah
I'm good man I'm here just rob a bank
you know how he is
yeah dawg I hear your chains are here
yeah and then we've got Dallas Dallas
how you doing yeah cuz well man I'm just
gonna rest on this and where's Hoxton oh
yeah last night me and the boys went for
a curry and Hoxton man he's been on the
shitter all day couldn't make it out
it's all right though me Dallas and
Shane's gonna fuck in
I gotta fucking robbed this Bank now
what the fuck do we do all right boys
masks on motherfucker all right let's
rock let's rock and roll
maybe let's rock and roll baby baby girl
got the permit real oh no not these
fucking drills again Shh oh crap what's
going on what's going on
ha ha ha what's all these errors what
the hell oh man oh crap oh shit oh shit
scuri cameras fuck off what do I do
drill drill this
oh no what's going on god I'm so fat and
slow move it move it move it set up the
chain yes the chain do it what'd I do
huh what what's going on okay
whatever ha ha boom there we go couple
of minutes my ass how long is this shit
350 seconds what the fuck out out ow
where's these guys coming from I don't
know what's going on I know what's going
on oh the roof let's go to the roof oh
yes perfect come get thee motherfuckers
for crap die die die I'm gonna shut up
I'm getting shut up
I get the shut up good luck good luck
what's going on what's going on Dallas
please I swear we're gonna die just give
me one
kiss oh fuck ah ah there's so many
people here huh
boys boys Agnew can trust you come on
help help help
ah okay okay easy does it easy does it
he does it oh oh oh oh seems clear boys
seems clear seems clear come on we got
this buddy we got this motherfuckers
come on come on
oh crap something shoot at me so shit
I'm a voice help help
Cheng's quick kiss hey ah okay jealous I
would recommend you go out there jealous
jealous jealous no dollars dollars what
would I do without my number one boy no
one makes Dallas go down on a person
except for me
help him up oh crap oh crap oh crap no
you'll never take me alive by the
buggers help me up
help me up who's helping me Dallas I
love you so much oh crap ah I got
another one another one on the one
that's reloading you cheeky bastards
okay they're pulling back come on come
on come on we're so close for fuck sake
this is gonna take ages oh crap out out
out out out out out are we are we are we
ll change protect me please wow I got my
kiss motherfucker run away hahaha drill
hurry up I'm scared I'm so scared I'm so
scared
I'm so scared I'm so scared Oh Dallas I
just want to go home and spend dinner
with you five four three
so one go come on
yes come on open open open open
are you kidding me I've gotta fucking
pick another thing alright no still that
long oh wow there's a guy right there
change what the hell's wrong with you
chains
alright come on quickly quick must pick
locks are for fucks is gonna take
forever Dallas
help why are you starting that pick the
look with me oh my god is AI is so
stupid come on give me the money's give
me the money give me the money's give me
the money's ah what's nothing in here
what the fuck come on come on no they're
coming quick
come on helps Go Go Go Go Go money money
money money money now man hey please
give me some money
change help they're coming they're
coming they're coming they're coming
they're coming jealous why did you sign
in there
Dallas kiss no come on come on come on
come on come on come on go back oh
bugger bugger bugger bugger one money no
wait is that 1000 that's not enough of a
fuck sake Changez fucking dies no chains
please come up Dallas I don't like this
is going guys but I don't think we're
gonna do it come on man we could do it
change you're right man words of wisdom
she's just standing at the fucking thing
ah fuck say there's so many of them
my my my my my my my my my my my my my
my my my my my my my my my my my my my
my okay let's try one more come on come
on come on come on come on come on okay
please have money please please please
have money what the hell none of these
boxes have any monies what am I supposed
to do oh one of my money have ammo as
well Dallas and chains aren't talking to
me they're staring at walls what is
going on die motherfuckers oh my god
there are so many of them there Oh Lee
shit holy shit holy shit oh shit look at
I'm doing fucking somersaults and shit
what the fuck go go go
please please please please please
please please wait what's that what the
fuck
who puts a book into a fucking safety
deposit box
I'm gonna die man I can feel it I can
feel it I'm gonna die I can try one more
box come on please please
Dallas no Dallas I'm almost done this is
going to be the one I swear please
please no nothing 10 grands enough No
oh no I died no okay that's over Dallas
Dallas chains please no don't tell me I
fucking failed for fuck sake why is this
game so hard
I don't care level two this game is so
hard oh why did I make a video I'm so
sick
haha anyway please leave a like if you
enjoyed if you want me to do more leave
it in the comment section below and I'll
see you in my next video haha goodbye
