okay hello everyone how is everyone
doing it is mess yourself there today we
are back with would you rather in the
last would you rather video I said if it
gets 30,000 likes I will take a shower
with all my clothes on and now it has oh
okay
okay well this is me having a shower
with my clothes on okay I'm on my shower
now is my shower gel put on really cold
water yeah okay this is this cold as it
could be by 3:00 well that was me taking
a shower with my clothes on hope you're
happy now let go stretch them great okay
well I hope that shit was worth it
thanks for liking the video let's say if
this video reaches a 50,000 likes I will
buy a giant jar of Nutella and just put
it all over my face in the video okay
I'll do that for 50,000 likes okay would
you rather be a dinosaur my idea dr.
Satcher welcome to Jurassic Park
Oh would you rather be a narwhal what
the shits are blowing no oh a narwhal is
a whale bark with a thing on its head
okay well that's just boring just a
stupid thing on my head
okay well this would you other questions
kind of dumb okay well dinosaurs are
extinct so if I'm a dinosaur does that
mean I'm gonna be dead I'll pick be a
dinosaur okay yeah 67 percent agree okay
because I don't want to live in the sea
okay I don't wanna be no fat-ass whale
okay I want to be a sexy dinosaur right
they'll put me in museums and shit okay
they'll pay money to see me okay oh no a
life of as a dinosaur will be pretty
cool which father have 20 million
YouTube subscribers I mean I have 4
million YouTube subscribers you know and
that's pretty cool I guess okay no
trying to brag or anything okay
you know four million helped pretty big
in on saying oh would you rather produce
a blockbuster action movie
so is this produced a blockbuster action
movie okay so I'm just a producer I'm
not an actor okay I'm probably gonna get
paid for the movie but once the movies
shit okay but I've had 20 million you
should subscribers okay you know I've
got popularity okay I can make money
from YouTube videos okay I'm gonna click
Twitter have 20 million YouTube
subscribers whoa
53% okay pretty even okay bigger YouTube
is pretty cool okay you know look at me
okay pretty cool hey would you rather
have a lot of time but no freedom or
have freedom but no time what the shit
is I even mean have a lot of time but no
freedom okay so that means are you a
slave then if you have no freedom but if
you have freedom but no time then then
then you've got no time so you're dead
dumbass question I guess have a lot of
time but okay well I'm I'm confused can
someone explain up to me which father
never watched baseball again
Oh would you rather never watch football
again so I imagine they mean American
football and not soccer okay so yeah I
don't think I've ever watched baseball
or American football ever in my entire
life okay but if it was football /
soccer then I would choose to never
watch City baseball again okay yeah it's
73 percent yeah shit watches baseball
ain't nobody got time for now
would you rather spend a year alone in a
deep sea submarine or spent a year alone
in a Space Station alright so this
questions basically no human interaction
and to be totally honest I think they're
both kind of scary all right but I think
space I always found like a way more
interesting than like the sea so I think
it would be really cool to be in space
and in a space station so I'm gonna
click Space Station whoa 69% agree okay
those are pretty do pretty pretty tough
one but yeah it's space hell yeah let's
go space which clothes are absolutely
reek of armpits for the rest of your
life oh no oh no oh no
look at me I'm like emo now I think I
should get a haircut guys okay or do you
like my hair long all right leave a
comment okay because you know I keep
hearing mixed opinions okay and I'm kind
of bolding so I kind of want to grow my
hair but yeah I think you guys need to
decide for me oh would you rather lose
your sense of smell completely wow this
is such a hard question I don't want to
smell up my bloody smelly armpits for
the rest of my life okay how to get a
girlfriend if she sprays solanum armpits
and then dying cause of it hey that baby
comes little bit closer give Brandon a
little bit a kissy you know I'm sick
this question is really hard but yeah I
couldn't deal with smelling for the rest
of my life okay and it would suck to
lose my smart sense of smell completely
but you know those better things in life
than your smell
but wha-ho 80% would give up their sense
of smell that's a lot okay that's a
clear choice okay would you rather smell
like manure Oh
means boo boo Oh would you rather smell
like urine
monoi means boo boo don't want to smell
up poop or we we I don't wanna smell up
bloody either okay but yeah poopoo
that's just such a strong smell okay but
we we is too but our roberson on that we
we okay yeah
61% picked wee-wee would you rather
drink tea or coffee what a dumb stupid
question
okay well because I'm British you know I
do love a nice cup of tea but yeah I
don't really like relying on coffee
slash caffeine okay because I'm already
too crazy and loud okay and every time I
drink coffee I go even crazier so I'm
gonna have to click tea mmm 53 percent
okay I wasn't even expecting that I was
actually expecting coffee to be way more
but damn 53 percent would you rather own
a baby otter Oh would you rather own a
messenger owl
oh my goodness I can't wait to see what
this note says our very funny mr. owl
so with this question owning a baby
otter sounds adorable but as a baby
otter okay I'm gonna have to look after
this thing okay I'm gonna have to
probably build an aquarium just to look
off this stupid dumb water but a
messenger owl okay not only will look
after itself
okay it will also bring me messages and
shit okay so I don't have to pick a
messenger owl okay
64% on dumb idiots alright how gonna
take care of it dumbass maybe or - okay
would you rather know a few things about
everything or know everything but only
about a few things okay so well am I
allowed to pick the things that I know
everything about I think I'll be better
to know a few things about everything
okay Oh sixty-eight percent agree okay
you could pick know everything about
like rocket science and then become like
a rich rocket scientist okay so that
could be good but ya know would you
rather have to learn to walk again
or would you rather have to learn about
every date in history and why they were
important okay
have to learn about every day about in
history do you know how big history is
okay it does say here from ad to present
but that's still a hell of a lot of
history and it says every date it says
learn how to walk again but it doesn't
say you know you can't ever walk again
you just got to learn it alright so I'm
gonna pick this one okay yeah a pretty
dumb question okay what you are though
Oh would you rather have your own
entrance theme when you walk into a room
wait hang on a second it says both can
be turned on and off at will then what's
the point okay so if I could turn it on
and off then I would probably want an
entrance theme but then again I could
probably just create my own entrance
theme by just playing a song on a
boombox with me okay yeah I think
everyone wants an entrance theme let's
be honest if you had a kid would you
rather die when your kid is very young
or have your kid die before you Oh No
you're basically saying my kid is not
gonna have a father or you know my kids
gonna die I don't want to see my child
die no no no I couldn't do that okay I
definitely don't want to see my child
die that must be the saddest thing ever
okay yeah I'm gonna have to die okay
what you are that'd be the last human
left on earth all be dead okay this is a
pretty stupid question yeah I would
obviously pick be the last human on
earth and then if I ever get bored I
would just kill myself but you know
you're just gonna try you know at least
have a little bit of fun while you're
the last person on earth okay
what 45 percent of people would rather
just be died why would you just want to
be dead when you just wanna at least try
to live your life which father only have
access to YouTube on the Internet Oh
only have access to games on the
Internet
oh no that's like the two things that I
need to do my YouTube life oh man this
question absolutely sucks well I need to
have access to YouTube otherwise how am
I gonna make youtube videos but that
means I can't make youtube videos on
games anymore I just have to make
youtube videos on what other YouTube
videos because I can't you know go on
any other website because
I don't have access to that on the
internet man that's a tricky one but I'm
have to pick this one okay Wow 68
percent agree but then again you know
YouTube videos is like endless content
would you father be topless all the time
no no no no no how does that keep
happening how oh would you rather be
pantless all the time no no no no okay
let's be honest this is a pretty dumbass
question okay I can't be patented all
the time they will not let me go
anywhere I tried to go to school okay
don't really throw me other well but you
know what I think I can manage the
topless okay it'd be hard if you were a
girl answering this question okay but
for guys it's okay
alright 76% oh yeah would rather play
roblox or play Minecraft
I would pick I would rather die I would
rather die would you rather watch
Seinfeld what's a Seinfeld oh would you
bother watch The Simpsons
okay I'm not gonna lie as you can
probably tell with the amount of
Simpsons videos I have on the channel I
am obsessed with Simpsons okay I have
been growing up watching Simpsons
alright and Seinfeld it's a great show
but I've seen more Simpsons alright so
I'm gonna have to go with watch The
Simpsons okay a two percent agree okay
because only old people would probably
pick Seinfeld okay what you are the
skydive or bungee jump now I've actually
done both of these okay here's a picture
of me skydiving okay and if you watched
my vlog all right the card just popped
up you'll see that I bungee jumped at
the end of it okay
and to be totally honest both were very
very scary okay but like skydiving was
such a cool experience and I would
recommend it you know it's such a cool
thing to do you know like you never like
fear for your life more than more than
skydiving okay you are literally jumping
out of a plane alright that rush of like
oh my gosh I might die you know like
skydiving will give you that rush okay
so I'm gonna pick skydiving okay but you
have to be really brave to try it okay
it's currently late and I'm pretty sure
I'm gonna get a noise complaint this
question sucks so much it's going to
take so much effort to speak if you're
whispering everything or shouting
everything okay but you know what oh
I'll probably have to shout alright I'll
have to stand far away from everyone you
know but I can do it yeah being with
that if you have to whisper to everyone
you literally have to go up to
everyone's ear alright and you can't be
in a loud place anywhere otherwise
you'll just have to you know sit there
in silence okay would rather have the
ability to have full control over your
dreams or never have to sleep oh my gosh
now I was actually talking about dreams
with my friend I can control my dreams
alright and I didn't think it was that
much of a big deal until my friend was
like whoa we control your own dream but
then again the option to never having to
sleep would that mean I will never be
tired if so that sounds amazing but I
don't think it is I think I will be
because I can't sleep so I'll click this
you know even though I can already do
that can you guys do that let me know in
the comments would you bother
jump forward 10 years of your life or go
back 10 years of your life oh my gosh
now I wouldn't want to jump forward 10
years okay because I'm enduring my life
you know I love my life now okay but you
know what I think I actually would go
back 10 years in my life alright because
I would tell myself you know such great
advice okay I would have such a better
life based on the mistakes I've made
okay so I'm have to click go back okay
yeah 42% would pick jump forward
you're gonna lose ten years of your life
just like that that's what I'm afraid of
okay that's why I wouldn't do that would
you rather eat an apple or eat a pear
okay now this has to be the dumbest
question all right I actually like pears
do you guys like pears I love pears
alright I'm gonna have to eat a pear 70%
says Apple I actually really like pears
okay I prefer pears
okay guys you know what I think I'm
gonna end the would you rather video
here hope you guys did enjoy I love
making these videos you know because you
know it's a bit of fun for me yeah I
want to continue this is a series all
right so if we hit that like goal I will
definitely do that
either way though thank you guys so much
for watching this video I really do
appreciate it and I'll see you in the
next video man so they're the guys Bob
for likes
