hello everyone what what's going on here
who is this guy
where am I what's going on who's this
guy so a lot of cutscenes happened and
the storyline has sort of progressed so
instead of showing you all the cutscenes
I thought I would shorten them down okay
here goes
so my granddad has sucked me out he's
realized that I'm the devil's son
instead of like trying to tell on me
he's actually trying to help me he's a
sick bastard I don't know what the
hell's wrong with him also some priest
came to bless the house but my
grandfather told him to fuck off which
was pretty funny
haha he's so cute so my dad is a
politician and he has been in the news
because in his household obviously all
these murders are taking place neighbors
like what the hell what the hell do we
know what the murders so there's
paparazzi all hounding the house 24/7
and there's one guy there's one guy who
sneaks into the house he goes into the
wine cellar and then my granddad catches
him knocks him out with a wine bottle
that my granddad wakes me up in the
middle of night and tells me to come to
the cellar where he can take care of
some sort of ritual and there we go here
we are let's continue with the game
hello man hello Wayne Preston Wayne
Preston I camp down here now where's my
fucking father grandfather hello hello
I'm gonna move hello grandson what a
fucking fact okay what do we do good
about these bowls here this one goes
here sweet now oh ah oh yeah to strap
him down okay
he's tied in now now what the fuck do I
do I'm cool I mean granddad's I'll wait
now I don't have to do shit I have to
light up the candles for the
motherfucking ritual come on baby last
one there we go there we go
fabulous what are you saying
he thinks that the pact makes me his
friend this is certainly not the case
yeah you fuck you little fuck what we're
gonna do and then I wait you want me to
kill fabulous
wait why kill this guy no no I'm just
gonna kill my grand I like that look at
me just respect me always is like where
is Lucius boy look at me loose I kill
your granddaddy backstabbing bitch I
just stabbed him like that oh I kinda
wonder Lucien stab him what we're gonna
do with this guy look at him he's just
like what's going on oh shit he's coming
awake oh shit I know lucious wake up
look ah crap is working out quickly
Lucius killer little boy little boy I'm
an evil little boy I'm the devil son
bridge oh now he's gotten up with the
world let's just calm down and try and
figure out what happened I know exactly
what the fuck oh no
hey man leave Jesus Christ is this me me
and you hey what are you doing
oh hell no ah hell knows is not
happening bitch into the fiery furnace
what the hell is this shit
I'm supposed to kill him kill him what
are you doing man how am i kill him huh
shit look I've got fireballs now
oh shit now I have to fuck in Hey oh
right what the hell what the hell oh my
god what the fuck seriously no okay we
spawn up again
Jesus Christ I can't let him get close
to me then how do I attack him
hang on this is fucking weird bullshit
for God's sake Oh for fuck's sake okay
third time's the charm for fuck's sake
third time's the charm motherfucker okay
I will keep my distance with him die
bitch
yes goddamn what the fuck on a boss
battle oh this shit
no stay away from me bitch what the fuck
is this shit no stay away
no no no no no no no no no no no no no
fuck off you fuck up you now get away
get away no you get away you son of a
bitch I swear to God I swear to fucking
god no no no yes
taste my fiery fury you son of a country
man that was the most annoying death I
swear to God thank God that is over okay
that took longer than I expected Jesus
Christ it's gonna be like half the video
that stupid-ass boss battle Jesus Christ
I think I want to bloody keep it in what
the hell are we killing a door today
what the hell this game is bugged today
so badly it's so bad oh it's this girl
oh it's Susan Susan she's the girl that
Uncle Tom was having sex with like last
episode or whatever the hell it was
Susan Boyle get out of here
shut up bitch I'm gonna kill you so what
do we do
she is taking care of the laundry okay
so I think we have to get rid of this
cross we have to do Tam we have to break
the washing machine or tamper with it I
think I am I was 9 Here I am
Oh spaz the iron oh I am getting there
you
bugger oh that should did it close it
there we go
yeah somewhat of Russia again I think
someone put an iron into some shit man
my friends hello Willy Hader my friend
how you do my friend stroke that ass
little dude I like this guy open up kill
will if I kill will that's racist look
at me Lucius Lucius look at me look at
me
do not kill will okay do not kill will
we like will okay you kill will that's
racist hello Susan what's going on now
I've managed to break the washing
machine Susan cannot wash any more
clothes she's gonna take a shower
Oh Susan yeah why don't me to join you
you sick pervert it's free it's free
you're gonna let me come with you
let me come with me yes Oh what am I in
the shower with her no way I'm actually
in a show with her hello cutscene Oh
what the hell she kicked me out no Susan
please I promise I won't do anything I
promise I won't do anything
No Susan let me in let me in there must
be a way to get in there oh what the
hell what the hell is that hole no way
no hey oh my god what the hell this game
is so weird I was only joking about the
bloody cheese oh my god this game is
ridiculous
what's that hair dryer oh my god we have
to electric shock our oh shit you're
going to die Susan you're going to die
oh really
not even a cutscene oh come on me show
me a cutscene what the fuck seriously
this game's just too much to handle this
is too much
okay guys got in this video here cuz
that's stupid ass boss pal
took like so long anyway I believe we're
gonna finish off Lucius next episode I
don't know it's because I think it's
becoming to a close because he's so cute
I don't want to see him let him go but
it's gonna have to end sooner or later
anyway it would help a lot if you hit
that like I mean Lucius is awesome you
guys like it so like hit that like
button so we can hit 250 again I think I
might upload the next part anyway I will
see you the next step solution thanks
for watching bye
