hello everyone and today we are back
playing more lucious being as cute as
ever so I back by popular demand
we're playing lucious if you haven't
watched the first episode there's no
worries you know you're not missing I
only think the story is basically that
we are the devil's son and our task is
to kill people but it's just hilarious
because I'm just so cute I'm just so
cute
walking backwards welcome backwards
anyway we III missed out a couple of
missions by accident I don't know how I
did that but we're not supposed to kill
Uncle Tom in fact we're supposed to kill
this bitch she gonna die man she gonna
die look at this fat bitch she gonna die
and how the hell we're gonna kill this
goddamn bitch everyone's got time for
cutie Lucius look at me boy how we gonna
kill this bitch dudududu hello beautiful
wanker best mate I feel so sad for you
man okay so there's rat poison here what
I can't pick it up this rat poison I
can't take this now because they will
know it was me I need to come back when
everyone is sleeping
oh that's gonna be so cool okay buddy
boys let's go to sleep and then we're
gonna wake up in the middle of the night
and we're gonna go take the red poison
so we could fucking poison this bitch oh
my god what the hell was that
anyway ain't got time for this shit I'll
go take the rat poison I'm gonna poison
this bitch's food so she gone and died
my mom seems to still be away what is my
mom doing awake at this hour we hide in
the closet shame I see me Shane I see me
in the closet Shh
about
is this bitch gone yet Jesus Christ have
been seeing there for like an hour
oh shit oh oh just missed her now scary
okay go go nice and quiet nice guys
we're stealthy it's a stealth there's a
stealth mission Shh can't anyone see me
can't on anyone see me look at me oh
they clean up the piano looks like it
let's open this door okay where's the
rat poison oh shit there's a guy there
huh there's a guy shit what are we gonna
do ah hang on can we or we can break
that light break the light bitch break
the light Oh McMuffin GTFO McMuffin oh
shit when we're done quickly run ain't
gonna see me bitch
you ain't gonna see me no one's here
yeah you didn't hear that door open or
anything and the rat poison shall be
mine yunk hey now we're gonna poison
this bitch food bitch oh I can't wait
okay gonna go poison this bitch is a new
day motherfuckers what am i worth see
has anyone asked that why more honestly
I mean I know it adds to the epic
cuteness but my drawings hahaha look at
least drawing of himself that is so
adorable
how is this guy a killer poisoning the
food poisoning the food oh shit she's
taking the food army no Jovita what are
you doing I mean it wasn't food on our
way I can still poison it hang on
yes poisoning the bread poisoning the
bread
haha Jovita you ain't gonna poison ain't
gonna bring another us bench ah yes
doing it huh yes
she's doing it this bitch good I even
know this fucking bitch's name you got a
damn man you gonna - you gonna die you
go there's a crow there look at the crow
look goes like Oh Lucius why did you do
it
what are you doing oh shit oh that way
she goes she goes because like I lose
weight doing hey everyone we gotta put
you in the cage losers you crazy man
ah poor girl well that's where you get
for being such a fat bitch December 24
1970 oh it's Christmas Eve
it's Christmas Eve it's Christmas Eve oh
my god it's Christmas Eve the storyline
so shit look at me I'm so cute okay now
who are we going to kill ladies and
gentlemen killi killi killi killi killi
oh it's the butler the butler's going to
die
mr. butler sir with his name
Alistair Alistair it's coming early Oh
slippery outside you know what we can do
we're gonna make him slip on the ice
okay let's do this shit okay first we
need to fill up our water bottles that I
conveniently have in my inventory and
fill it up with water so we can slip out
on the motherfuckin ice fill er up fill
er up
oh this is gonna be so epic this is
gonna be absolutely hilarious
Alistair you gonna die man you ain't
gonna hit what no wood hits gonna hit a
calf got a plan he's in charge of the
Christmas lights okay so if we turn off
the Christmas lights he he will come
here now here's the funny part if I put
the water right down here he is gonna
come at sleep Everett it's funny how I
don't sleep over it okay he's gonna come
any moment now Allie any moment
Alastor what do I do
oh do I face my god January 3rd ah
Christmas has gone ladies and gentlemen
Christmas is gone it's a new day and I
know what you're thinking guys you're
thinking what did Lucius get for
Christmas well I'll show you look the
cuter kid has become cuter look at him
they see me rollin they hatin patrolling
tryin to catch me ridin dirty tryin to
catch me ridin dirty tryna catch me
ridin sir there they got bad guy
my music so loud I'm swear I did there
you're hoping they're gonna catch me
ridin dirty
okay guys gotta end this video here if
you do want more Lucius do not forget to
leave me a comment and tell me why you
want more Lucius and I might think about
doing it and also a like would do the
trick I think last time we got look at
him last time we got like 250 not asking
for 250 baby awesome we get somewhere
near that so it's kinda like a sign that
you want more of this cute little fucker
anyway I'll see you in the next episode
hopefully thanks for watching bye
