hello everyone and today is another mod
and I think you know what it is it is
the Incredible Hulk look at him is the
most beautiful thing ever
yeah yeah that's the hook how does the
Hulk speak yeah okay well I found this
mod this morning and it is fucking
hilarious I'm paying for about five
minutes I've just been loving like I
said he go look you can jump like a
fucking bad-ass or bad ass as I say look
at the shit it's fucking crazy where I'm
the credible Hulk
oh no it killed this guy I just take
your money buy this get this fucking Mod
hilarious look you can go up to cars
fucking pick them up yeah I'll keep Hulk
smash
oke smash oh shit
all hell's breaking loose now ah haha
okay we need a task we need to do a task
I think our task is to fucking get six
stars from the police okay and then
we're gonna fuck shit up first let's
fucking get to six stars
Hulk smash oh she look like our well
we've got one star who wants a fucking
mess with me police car do you fuck off
haha yeah this modest makes me free so
epic come here little car oke smash oke
smash ah whoa
that was fucking awesome come here
please go I'm gonna getcha I'm gonna
getcha we're are the four stars already
nobody can kill the Hulk ah ah I didn't
explode you ain't gonna get me alive
okay we're on four stars okay yeah very
fucking now look at me fly okay
there are some awesome stuff you can do
like fucking you see how the copter
right he's just chillin there aim rah
rah oh shit was he doing
ah epic epic oh poor guy
oh no oh oh he's dead now oh I'm
creeping around I'm creeping around I'm
gonna get you I'm gonna get you I'm
gonna get you I got your bitch ha ha ha
ha ha ha ha ha ha oh shit look this guy
man flying row hog smash look at me you
want your car back bitches you want your
car back bitches fucking throw an RPG
than me the fuck do you think you are
bitch bitch ha ha look at the ball just
jumping around wow what the hell RPG man
ah RPG run away ha ha ha oh look at the
cute little barrier they tried to do
look at the Cuban barrier motherfucker
damn again mr. motherfucker wait how do
I do this again yeah wasn't working guys
just fucking pick it up oh no no that
was a wrong thing to do let's just pick
it up pick it up pick it up yeah boom
that's all ones of the fucking do Haggar
one more come on ha ha ha yes this mod
is hilarious now let's try and fucking
evade these six stars it's gonna take
fucking forever let's see what we can do
is open up the map let's try and go as
far north as we can right here okay
let's do the shit run in like a bastard
run in like a bastard I'm running like a
bastard bitch how fuckin lost all the
fucking uh watch macaws it I lost all
the place yeah they're still after me
for some fucking reason which is fucking
annoying Oh No
so sorry guy okay he's dead he's
definitely dead oh look there's the edge
there's the SDGs Jesse edge another
please gonna come no please please
please please please jump for glory okay
it's gonna be quiet Shh
Hulk Hulk hide in the bushes I'm the
vicious Hulk I was gonna see
see look you blend right in what I lost
all the stars it just came back
immediately what the hell is this
bullshit you know I'll screw this screw
this I'm fucking emptying my Hulk level
fuck this shit okay The Hulk has evaded
the cops I didn't cheat or anything no
no no they just gave up they said you
know what Hulk you are a good guy and we
need you for the Avengers movie so okay
yeah now the Hulk can carry on being a
normal citizen and do everything a
normal citizen would do in Liberty City
ah bitch this is my every woman who's
ever been made to me fuck this shit man
whoa whoa fucking old smash oak smash
motherfucker whoa whoa oh okay guys
after in this video here if you laughed
any points video please leave a like and
all the mod stuff details are in the
description below and yeah want to thank
guys so much for watching and I'll see
you in my next video bye
