hey guys mess yourself here and recently
I've been checking the comments through
my past videos and I'm amazed about how
much support you guys are giving me it's
crazy you guys are the best subscribers
I've ever had I love I've said this I've
definitely said it in my last vlog but
to tell the truth you guys are the best
subscribers these past I've these past
ten videos 10-15 videos you guys have
been showing a mass amounts of support
but there's no point me just saying that
I'm going to show you this guy fucking
deserves millions view fucking hilarious
well thank you good sir
Brandon your videos make me laugh so
much even when I feel like everyone
hates me so thank you well it's alright
and if you can mention me in one of your
videos that would mean so much to me
because if I ever felt like that again I
can remember my favorite youtuber has
given me a shout out okay I don't like
the fact they gave me that you're asking
for shout out but I guess this sort of
counts as your little shadow I don't
know well thanks for the nice comment
anyway this was absolutely hilarious
Brandon thank you Steve
haha you're so funny keep it up man
thank you I'm so glad you spoke you're
properly I almost pissed myself at two
minutes fourteen well I better do
something funny at two minutes fourteen
men better watch out see Lee calm pls
brew Mary I said gray no Matt she's
extra Ricardo new me gusto para nada boo
I think he liked the video mess yourself
is great he is such an underrated
youtuber now this is probably the best
comment ever thank you so much Josh okay
I literally choked on my popcorn when I
was eating it it was the most epic video
of time nice mess or thank you so much
I'm so glad I didn't nearly
kill you you need more subscribers I
love how he's telling me I need more
subscribers this is so hilarious
you are such a funny person smiley face
oh thank you
wait a minute that's a girl that's a
girl
this guy deserves more recognition this
guy no no this guy no no this guy
funniest youtuber ever you need to be
more popular I love always telling me to
be more popular mess you are the best
youtuber ever and your laughter eels
cancer well funny it was then they
probably put me up in a machine and make
me laugh at poor cancer patients very
funny
and as always very entertaining well
that's a very nice comment thank you
very much you really need to get more
subscribers you are a fucking living
legend I love how we telling me to get
more subscribers but thank you I don't
classes over alleged just class myself
as a silly little boy Lord this is fun
you gain some quick to the point and
yeah a very hot woman dude you just
earned yourself a sub your commentary is
hilarious I swear dude I'm fucking lost
at that farm hey lolly love Sims I got a
Sims is a great series you should be a
huge youtuber by the way why is everyone
telling me I should be huge I'm 11 years
old and I love your vids I love how
people on my channel tell me their age
and then say they loved our videos it
doesn't matter what age you are a
fucking PMS LP M s L pissing myself
laughing oh thanks thanks
you're better than white boy 7th Street
white boy seven straight oh thanks
thanks anyway guys I just thought I'd
make this short quick video just to tell
you guys that you guys are all awesome
and your support on my past 10 videos
all these comments have been from my
past about 10 videos and the support has
been absolutely amazing and it feels
like I've just started up YouTube again
I'm having so much fun it's great so
what I ask is that you just keep showing
the support and yeah I will keep making
the videos I want to thank you guys so
much for watching and I'll see you in my
next video adios
