hello everyone as measures up here I
welcome to give up we're gonna play a
game called give up because this bone is
a rage game and I feel like rabies
Lakers I feel like shouting this game is
not difficult it's all what the hell
guys is supposed to do it this was a
recommended typical games
this ain't difficult it's fucking easy
he's fucking tits easy as fucking tits
Oh
shit's getting difficult now a fuck boom
boom and there we go ladies and
gentlemen
floor 11 suck a dick game suck a dick
we've got cannon now do you think let's
get in the cannon no I'm just gonna do
cannon Oh Mickey Lou cannon trying to
kill me cunt
easy easy level 13 oh it's not the
cannon in my spawn look at you spawn
camping you piece of shit
what game is this one more fair three is
a level 15 bitch suck a dick games like
a dick ain't going to give up suck a
dick game suck a dick game I don't give
a fuck huh what the hell what the hell
what the hell
seriously what the hell Oh Oh big
serious
I actually big serious right now Oh Oh
ahh
suck a dick game level 16 currently I'm
37 percent done but I give a shit man
she's it look like I give a shit man I
don't give a shit man oh oh yeah Oh big
serious we big serious right now no way
that is ridiculous that is my dik
ridiculous oh oh oh oh no no don't do
this to me game I'm not gonna give up
man you think game if game you think
you're winning you think you're winning
you ain't winning shit see you ain't
winning shit
this game's on that bad actually I'm not
raising that much I'm not raising that
much get in the door oh yes level 18
bitch level 8
Oh easy easy easy easy easy easy
is it easy easy easy easy easy easy
yeah just like your mother oh I can't do
it I can't do our money on halfway there
I'm not even halfway there I can't do it
I can't do it I can't do it
stop fucking killing yourself oh this is
it this is it this is gonna be it man
this is gonna be it
oh oh oh yes halfway through bitch this
game has gone nothing on me I given up
what the hell a laser shit shit shit
I've done it I've done it I've done it
rats
I jumped no way no bloody way that could
not be sue you could not be serious
right now I had nothing else to kill me
that's right done it now what - lasers
now he being serious I can't do it give
it to lasers call you a magic one oh
shit uh uh lays up calm down oh shit
ah eat are easy man easy Oh shoes that
lasers gonna calm down here no please
don't
is a yes that's like a dick lays on the
beginning I love you spawn camping you
little bitch oh shit fuck no no no this
game can't be serious
fuck off laser ah laser how dare you
what the hell is so much going on so
much going on cannot cope with pressure
what am I supposed to do what am I
supposed to do I can't do this shit what
no no please no what now fucking Oh II
or later please not now please just let
me do this one level okay I'll give up
straight off but just please let me do
this level please please oh shit calm
down calm down lasers now now yeah I
can't do it like you know it's good
screw it
okay mom I'll give up screw this game
screw this game I keep
