hello everybody smash yourself and we're
back with surgeon simulator 2013 and my
last video I did a silly little mistake
I forgot to charge the heart while it
was in the bloody heavy body which I
should have done so this video is kind
of like a tutorial kind of stuff
hopefully we can do it now and don't
fail so yeah in the video you ever
charged the heart outside if you know
I'm talking about look at you cutie
heavy no good you you goody levy
I'm going to operate on you today yes I
am yes I am he's so cute oh my god
because if you grab his penis on this
I'm gonna grab your penis heavy you
can't do anything you can't do thing Oh
grab it grab it oh it's nothing there
poor heavy it's gonna have to live with
that for the rest of his life
anyway it's meant to be a tutorial what
am I talking about
so tutorial you guys smash his ribs
first bursting or do I suggest the
wrench
you know the wrench seems to be this
solid the solid thing to use it's a bit
hard to use just tap away oh no don't
get stuck now please I'm trying to make
a tutorial I'm trying to make a tutorial
ah thanks just got to break the ribs
come on break it's got a break now yes
look it's broken seemed like a powerful
the wrenches just gonna do a bit on the
sides as well I mean what the hell what
the hell you're right
gotta break a bit of his side ribs come
on break the bit of his side ribs I
think they'll be fine it's gonna break
that one on the right gone come on come
on easy easy easy
going I think that should be it
I think that should be fine ah come on
rib come out come out come on come on
this one's a bit tricky yes oh no oh my
god that was quick okay now what I
forgot what to do oh yeah you're going a
scalpel this gap over there on the left
but I think you can reach that one it's
kind of like a little troll so grabs one
on the right and yeah you're good to go
I don't know exactly where to cut but I
know date where it's somewhere at the
top
damn it come on red I mean scalpel just
got to readjust this guy there's another
scalpel there but I don't think you can
reach that one oh no please tell me over
screw this up
please come on grab it please grab it
I'm trying to make the tutorials I kind
of made the tutorials for YouTube's
please it making me look silly I wonder
if I can grab the screwdriver to be the
screwdriver work come on it's gonna work
it's my only hope you're my only hope
screwdriver look how much blood we
losing on the right oh no come on please
just work screwdriver work with me I'm
not gonna using two shades the only
things small enough to work oh my god it
worked
oh come on quick quick quick quick we're
coming I can't even talk I got even talk
get this heart out of here now we need
to go to the fridge come on open up this
fridge come on and get your something
now take the big heart it's important if
you get that pipe puny heart you will
not want to know what's gonna happen
take that the big hot come on please
look at it yes come on please okay now
you gonna put it the heart on this thing
where is it here it is come on please
get in please come on get on no please
please work with me I'm running out of
time so badly look I'm less than a
thousand a second is it on okay good now
here is the most annoying part okay now
we need to be charged it from the chest
which I didn't do my last video because
I'm a complete nutter
okay the Nuba charge on is that little
Hannah laughter can we just push this in
a little bit more arm according 900
please but we got to do this quick we've
got this quick quick
okay now the controls of this is really
annoying it's like up is like down and
down is up and left is right and right
is left is it's just flipped like I'm
struggling right now come on
so left left leaf seems to go like
backwards and right seems to go forward
and
up seems to go down and down in sunny
sit down now go down I'm gonna let me
read just come on 700 oh my god
down yes is that enough come on there
that's down don't toy with me man
I was so close last time do not toy with
me again please do not toy with me
please it's gonna work look it's
practically on me that's gonna work
come on come on please yes come on 500
come on that's gonna work yes yes oh
thank god yes that's it
it took me and I think 10 minutes yeah
slow and steady wins the race just like
my mother said and occasionally my
girlfriend when we're having sex anyway
thank you guys so much for watching this
tutorial on how to fucking do this heavy
operation I'll see you my next video
thank you so much for watching that was
intense
