baby aah
why is he so brown hey we're going slut
slut hey guys what hell am i doing
wait oh I just banished into the car hey
guys
smash yourself here and welcome back to
Sims 3 we just had our black baby how
does that work out my sluts white and we
got a black baby
that slut is carrying all of you guys
suggested names in the comments what the
fuck does she do it
what's she's struggling to get through
the door why is my house why is my door
there I don't know we sort out later a
lot of you guys suggested names I went
with fail abortion slut slut is the
surname of the family yeah things are
going things are going pretty well
oh except slut is the worst mother in
the world she just fucking puts the baby
she just fucking bitch the baby what the
hell seriously sluts either baby's been
here for like 2 minutes and you just put
it on the floor and bran is casually
giving her a back rub yeah fuck you now
I mean oh jeez
see us what I'm talking about guys slut
shouldn't be a mother brilliant
oh fuck you know okay this is just a
recap on things what's going on rgz guys
just making out while the baby the
babies on the floor a couple of things
that are going on fucking slut and
Brandon are engaged I don't know when he
proposed he fucking did it on the sly
what the fuck you doing Brandon he's
gonna check on his youtube probably
fucking yeah I'm fucking engaged to slut
now slut stealing like a fat cunt
the baby's still chillin the floor
where's my other baby baby slut i
sleeping now she doesn't give a shit or
he I don't even know what the fuck
gender that shit is yes a baby he fell
abortions still gonna sit there just
chilling we're engaged for some reason I
don't remember doing that shit but I
guess I'm engaged we just had a baby and
shit yeah things are going pretty well
in the sluts household except slut needs
to go back to a womanly duty and fucking
clean up this shit put it away and take
care of your fucking baby no actually
yeah put that shit away
fucking pick up this baby what are you
doing it's on the floor snuggle no
pickup fail abortion oh Jesus Christ
all right so going to upstairs if I can
made fail abortion a room which I like I
like I like the room look at it it's
quite nice she gave her computer so
final abortion can one day be a big
youtuber and don't worry if she doesn't
have ten thousand subs by the end of the
year she's getting thrown out the
household okay something that I really
really really want to do look at this
fucking bit I hate you more than I hate
failed abortion no I'm joking I love you
what I really want to do is make these
two fucking babies fight to the death
look at their fucking redness uneven
fucking checked on them holy shit look
at this shit fucking baby once fucking
attention why is he getting hygiene up
probably cuz you train a nappy anyway
pick up this baby did you guys see the
skirt that fucking thing spit Jesus
Christ it's baby's birthday today oh
yeah you told me this last episode
didn't you why not buy him oh it is him
ah sure it was a fucking pussy girl on
you little pussy girl look at the little
boozy girl oh shit oh my god why my
stinking Brannon I'm getting so
distracted what am I trying to say
Brandon go for fucking bath you fucking
filthy sheds and sluts I want you to
pick up this baby
and I want the two babies to fight to
the death there I said it this baby so
annoying I hate you baby slut I fucking
hate you look at you you ugly piece of
shit oh my god he loves to fucking spin
so I fucking episode 1 these fucking
kids love to spin look at the teddy bear
why can't you be a lot more like mrs.
teddy bear teddy bear why everything is
game so fucking awesome and cute it's
nothing you fucking little shit
okay put fail abortion down here come on
come on this is happening this is
happening - baby's gonna about ballot
battle to the death come on come on
there we go okay fucking foul abortions
on the floor fucking hell
now this baby - fucking go here not
enough no no don't pick it up slut slut
don't you fucking pick it up I want this
I want baby slaughter and failed
abortion - fight to the death no slut
what are you doing the fuck is this
hello where you going why is that sad
music hello what's oh my god what do you
think no no you didn't turn the laptop
oh okay bye
I think that was the repo man fucking
our repo woman where is baby slut I
swear I swear to God I was supposed to
be baby sluts fucking birthday grow up
you piece of shit fucking hate you so
fucking buying your mouth you're gonna
be fucking a child instead of a fucking
baby soon and you're fucking still find
him out fucking baby baby
okay I'm gonna fast-forward the shit I
want this babies if I can grow up
already look at the fucking piece of
shit
look at him a fucking a.m. so much
doesn't know why maybe you'll be a lot
not maybe it would be a lot better when
he's older oh hello
head alone is he fucking great growing
up yeah you fucking cunt fucking is I
think he's growing up come on
there we go yeah look at this
oh shit where are fucker shut up oh my
god
oh my fucking god what the fuck is the
ugliest piece of shit kid up ever seen
so I was ugly look at this shit what all
my buddies fucking insane it's fucking
choking himself what kind of sick face
is this fucking baby god oh fucking baby
anymore jesus fucking christ what the
fuck did I create what the fuck why do
you fucking stripping now what the fuck
is going on I to follow this shit damn
what the hell is wrong with the fucking
world
damn now he can fucking walk then he
remember fucking teaching as a fucking
walk Jesus Christ fucking going to the
fucking fridge in are my fucking food
you fucking piece of shit baby oh my god
ah fucking ate this fucking no easy it
my favourite food look fucking eating a
flute Brannon go fucking do something to
him gosh man fucking ugly piece of shit
Jesus Christ anyway fuck in hell man
Jesus how can you eat with this fucking
cunt anyway I think there's enough I've
had enough Sims 3 for today's fucking
insane slop being a bad mom this fucking
idiot I fucking hate this kid anyone
else take this kid leave me a comment
below if you want me to do more cuz I
want to fucking kill this baby in the
next episode it's not fucking baby
anymore I want to kill him though fuck
you no cunt anyway yeah leave that
comment if you want me to do more
suggest me a game I want to do some more
games if you want to suggest me a game
it's just me a game
I'll feel free to do it and ya want to
thank you guys for watching one last
time and stare at sluts tits and yeah
thanks for watching bye
