hello everyone and welcome to bully look
at me I'm so cute look at me I'm so cute
II I'm so adorable so let's go off and
do some low hey doing now fuck off
you're boring me let's go get some pussy
you know me the first thing I gotta do
if I'm in a school and they're girls in
this school oh yeah look at this fine
specimen
hey are you picking on my woman bitch
headbutt bitch I'm gonna kick you when
you're down motherfucker no I will do it
again Oh bitch I know karate you're
picking on my woman as well bitch oh
look at my karate skills so girl how you
doing why the music I know I know
am I being chased by the teachers no I'm
not hey hey hey girl girl code come back
here hey girl
nice shoes let's make out oh very
forward this one is oh yeah oh yeah oh
my god what the hell wasn't here she's a
feisty one this is she
Jesus I bet you did you fucking slut
come on give little Brandon a little
little kiss ah yeah buddy look at my
hand my hands on her ass damn I know
what I'm doing and maybe 13 years old
but damn I know what I'm doing
you know what this girl this girl she's
the only one for me you know I'm in love
wait a second nananana now this this is
the girl for me wait a minute wait a
minute wait a minute this this is the
girl that I want to be with whoa mama
now this girl this girl knows a thing or
two this is the girl for me shit I even
know your name and I'm gonna be with you
okay all pussy aside there are this
stuff you get the fuck out of my way
there are other stuff that you can do
apart from kissing girls oh my goodness
oh my god no no way no no no way this no
no no oh my god no get it away get it
away get it away get it away you fucking
bitch I'm gonna fucking kick the shit
out of you bitch you fucking bitch oh oh
shit run away oh shit what to do what to
do what to do hmm what to do oh shit
there's that girl that I just kissed
fucking ow that if I could lining up to
kiss me gosh
I'm only one man ladies I'm only one man
there must be something to do around
here let's check the notice board
pillow fight tonight girls dorm no boys
allowed oh yeah you know what's gonna
happen guys we're going to the pillow
fight but first need to get changed
something more secretive Shh I'm a ninja
I'm a ninja and we're gonna go to the
girls dorm don't mind me just going to
the girls don't watch the pillow fight
now I can't go in the entrance so let's
go through the back entrance oh yeah
how convenient there's a ladder here how
convenient it's like they want me to go
to the pillow fight I gotta be nice and
quiet so I can spy on the bitches I'm
gonna spy on the beach yeah I'm coming
sound bitches I'm gonna see them in the
pillowcase and their pajamas oh yeah
maybe I'm going spy on up a jam don't
mind me I'm just here for the pillow
fight
abilify Shh
there's the girls huh shut up bitch shut
up bitch oh shit oh shit come back here
wait come back here bitch why did she go
she's going here she couldn't have gone
in here she went in there she's still
quiet apparently they didn't notice the
girl screaming did she call me pervert
come back here you little bitch I'm
kinky you know exactly what I'm doing
come here I'm a little pervert I'm gonna
grab the bitches I'm gonna grab the
bitches oh damn run away
the ninjas been exposed but him just
been exposed hey there you are
hey girl you got time for me baby you're
gonna catch me
all the nurses hey baby you wanna kiss
me you want to kiss me oh I got a go
bitch quick run away run away close the
door oh damn I can't do that hey girl
you're right hey I gotta go stupid old
woman can't even catch me you ain't
gonna catch me well that was a bust
didn't see any girls in pajamas or any
of that shit let's go to the shop oh my
god we can go to the shop let's do that
we get in the shop don't catch me don't
touch me don't touch me yeah I didn't
catch me hello oh my god no don't don't
be serious is he actually Chinese or
Asian is the Asian no way hang on I need
to see this well yeah I think they're
trying to make our days Asian it's a bit
racist an Asian man only a convenience
store anyway let's see if we can buy any
the shit candy with full on candy
flowers we've got enough flowers fool
Cola I've worn a lab to Cola let's see
here Oh spray paint that'd be funny kind
of eggs we got kind of spuds what the
hell was that anyway
thank you very much man what if I do
anything to him what'd he do anything to
me you know what I want to hurt him I
wanna hurt you you what do you want
during a firecracker up your ass oh my
god you're a pervert I'm gonna put a can
of spuds right up your little bum bum Oh
in your cock even you turned around
bastard oh he's a disaster
you're neutron a disturbance uh-oh here
he is I didn't do anything
uh-oh please camel kid out still get
some girls man let's get some girls
oh shit oh okay well that just happened
are there any other girls that I can get
with any other girls any other girls hey
man hey dumb
see any pussy lately what you want a
present you want me to give you flowers
what is this guy gay
why do you just take flowers of me wait
what no oh my god no no you're not
no you're not get out of it get out of
it get out of it oh my god oh my god oh
my god oh my god oh my god he just
touched me
oh man anyway I gotta end this video
here I go believe it did that to me did
you see what he did to me did you see
what he did to me
get out of it anyway gotta end this
video here leave a like if you enjoyed
subscribe if you're new if you want me
to do more this I don't mind tell me the
comment section below I'm gay anyway
I'll see you in my next video
