hey guys it's mesh yourself through
men's room out zoom in zoom out zoom in
zoom out you are getting dizzy rave rave
rave you are getting dizzy rave rave
rave anywhere stop that right now huh
today we're playing illusion ghost
killer now this is based on Jeff the
killer if you guys don't know who Jeff
the killer is I'm pretty sure you'll see
him in this game it's pretty much like
slender except replace the pages with
cameras and instead of collecting them
you put them down yeah I I haven't
played this yet I tried it once but I
didn't nothing happened this is a place
full of strange things many people have
had scary things coming from this place
I want to find out what too happens I
couldn't finish that go play six cameras
in the areas in red okay I'm happy to do
that sir oh it's loading it's loading
guys don't worry it's loading oh look at
this
see it's exactly like slender I've got
my flashlight
oh it's loud and I walk like a complete
balance like slender what do we go where
do we go guys go in here nice go in here
that blood yes fuck that shit man I am
going in there motherfucker who the fuck
you think me take me for mother look at
me jump look at me jump I'm like a high
jumper
I should go in the Olympics man fuck
this why am i messing around collecting
up cameras
I should be in Olympics so we got a
camera in this red place yeah hold down
e don't kill me anyone
hello frozen frozen get away get away
get away get away no no no get away get
away what the fog what does that get
away just to kill out just the killer
took you me took you me this is so lucky
this is so lucky get away
ah good no it don't taste so good no man
no taste no good
oh shit shit take a get away No oh well
that was that was fucking weird let's
try again shall we
fuck what the fuck what the fuck what
the fuck what the fuck did you see that
no I'm just me just me so Jeff Lee is a
picture of Jeff the killer here okay
let's put down this camera don't kill me
don't kill me don't kill me Jeff I don't
taste that good oh my great my heartbeat
my heart beating my heart be fuck around
shitting it I'm shitting bricks but dad
no motherfucking camera get away Jeff I
don't want you here Jeff fuck off fuck
off fuck off fuck off what the fuck's
that noise oh shit no get away get away
get away get away Jeff please please I
don't taste that good
I don't wanna die please PLEASE it older
die Oh Jeff your cunt
you're just a gun you know I don't I've
got no explain for it he's gonna pop out
here isn't it come you bitch come on
bitch yeah you want it you want this
flashlight i knifing me get away he's so
ugly look at him quite sexy come in you
want a kiss wanna kiss Jeff is that we
won you just want me to bend down I'll
bend down for you mate
I want you Jeff I want you I want you in
my bum Jeff
Jeff Jeffy poo come on Jeff I want you I
want to have sex with you freaking out
man I'm freaking out man I freaking out
Bron right don't kill me Jeff EBU Jeffy
puja people please okay he's gone he
just came it to my face run away run
away run away run away run away run away
I'm in the blood turn left
run run I don't put a camera down here
please do not scare me Jeff Jeff Jeff I
thought we were friends
I don't we work this stuff out damn it
Jeff Jeff aah
it's been so short but I really don't
want to play again Oh
guess I'll have to do okay let's go
upstairs this time there's to be
something different yeah let's be
adventurous yeah it's got stairs
come here Jeff EBU whose camera here
it's two spaces right where I swear this
star that's awesome look I'm already
gonna be two down this game's
practically gonna be completed I know
what everything else is all my hot be
it's fucking loud though who's gonna
fucking I swear there's a red piece
right here yeah there is fucking now I'm
scared oh I'm scared come on Jeff can't
fight me fight me you bitch fight me you
bitch yeah yeah you want it you've won
this Jeff oh you're so sexy
he looks like he spawns right here fuck
fuck off fuck off Jeff Jeff Jeff please
man come on Jeff come on Jeff get away
get away get away get away get away get
away get away Jeff Jeff no no Jeff no
Jeff no no it's not even that funny I
don't even know why you're laughing I'm
not even that scared this is not even
funny
oh shit is dark when I press F you know
I just come to those cameras later I
know where you are I know where you are
cameras I'll just do you later let's see
the box is gonna jump scare ya it's also
move box quick Jeff's gonna come just
gonna Carly's right oh fuck okay
just do this camera is he still
following me fuck off Jeff cunt fuck
fuck go go go go go go run run like a
bitch fuck okay I can't complete this
because my laptop is fucking shit and I
can't play when that many frames but
you're welcome to try in description
below it's free to download and in the
description I put all this stuff in
description Jeff I thought we were
friends
yeah okay I'll see you the next episode
remember like the video if you really
enjoyed it or comment tell me how much
you enjoyed it and I'll comment back
straight away thank you so much for
watching I love you guys I love you I
love you great I'm great I'm great I'm
great I'm great I'm okay I'm gonna go
