hello everyone this is message mess
yourself where I answer your beautiful
questions your problems that you may
have for me
that you would like me to talk about in
a YouTube video hey and give you
fantastic advice on your problems now I
thank you all for your messages that you
sent to me there was a lot of messages
that I got but I just want to say to you
guys that there I got about 40 messages
literally 40 messages on message mesh
yourself and I'm just going to put out
there I'm not gonna answer any questions
there about you having a crush on a girl
it's just too open and I can't answer
the question
without the specifics and the specifics
are actually quite boring sometimes so
I'm not going to answer any questions
about you liking a girl okay but amongst
those questions I did find this one
which was really really good this
message made me laugh it's one of
probably one of the best measures I've
ever got ever so amongst the messages
about the girls I found this one so I'm
just going to tell you guys okay let's
start this message mess yourself hello
mess yourself before I start I want to
say I'm 24 years old and I find your
videos funny as hell and I think you
could have a life to this question on
your new series but still I'm being
serious
my girlfriend wants a baby we are both
24 years old as we met at uni and she
wants a kid we both don't want to get
married at all but that doesn't mean
that she could just ask me to have a
baby with her she knows I love her but a
baby are you kidding me I'm not ready
for that shit heck I still watch call of
duty Oh call of T quality videos on ug
Lowell anyways what do you have to say
about this Thanks see this guy is
awesome this guy's this message is just
so perfect
this guy is honestly one of my best
subscribers one of my best subscribers
you guys still got a chance to be your
best you can anyway as a really good
question for me to ask you so basically
what he's saying is that his girlfriend
wants a baby at 24 years old now
communication is key
relationship but why the hell is she
thinking that you want a baby why would
she randomly bring it up that the fact
that she wants a baby and the fact that
she is going to get the baby with you
like I don't know what's going on
maybe there's a lack of communication
that's going on in to your to your
girlfriend maybe you need to listen to
him or maybe you had if she was having a
conversation with you and he wasn't even
listening to it and then that
conversation just happened to be about
babies and then she just got this random
thought that you're on board with the
idea I mean really she wants to have a
baby with you I mean my advice would be
is to really sit her down and just say
just hang on a minute I mean what one
thing that I have to say though is you
have to look at yourself and say why
don't you want a baby and then why do
you want a baby
what list outright if I was you I would
list out the possible reasons at the
moment why you do not and want a baby I
mean a baby is a great thing and if you
if you want to do it outside of a
marriage and that's fine I'm not going
to judge you for that but the fact is is
that you love you you love each other
and why shouldn't you have a baby I can
understand if you're not ready in as
mature wise and I can understand that a
lot but if you think that you're going
to be a poor dad then just say to what
I'm not ready at the moment because I'm
immature and I think I'll be a poor dad
doesn't mean that I don't want a baby in
the future but just means that I don't
want a baby right now I think that's
what yeah you just kind of have to get
straight with I mean communicate like I
said communication is key and you should
really listen to your girlfriend a lot
more this is coming from a guy let's
gunga than you listen to your girlfriend
more and make it clear that you don't
want a baby I mean a baby is a good
thing like I said a baby is a good thing
sometimes and um just because a better
baby could be quite daunting and quite
scarier sometimes doesn't mean that you
should just surpass it straight away and
just say no I'm not having a baby I'm 24
years old I want to go out and have sex
no because I have a girlfriend doesn't
make any sense I want to go out and have
fun have a drink with the lads either
drink with their lads
you know um but you need to think you
need to look yourself and say oh why
would I would like with a baby
my life uh great you know would it make
it great you need to ask yourself that
question I'm gonna make these message
mesh yourselves very short and vet with
just one question because I think is a
lot more entertaining to you guys to
just say one question so yeah that was
message measure sub I'll try and do it
more frequently as well a lot of you
guys are enjoying this series so do more
and I'll do it short I think that's the
good vibe that I won on my channel but
yeah if you enjoy the video don't forget
to like if you enjoy the video even more
and you'll know don't forget to
subscribe and I'll see you in the next
episode of messes made yourself if you
enjoy okay bye
so I come over and she's a lovely girl
don't get me wrong she's probably never
gonna watch this video but I really
don't want to get to you guys that she
was another she was a nice girl she was
a lovely girl she was one of them
probably the most nicest girl I've ever
met in my life
ah but as you know she kind of smells a
bit now I didn't notice this at first
but I noticed it when we were getting
into it anyway I went ran a house and
then we started kissing
we talked a bit first but I think she
liked me
