hey what's up guys it's mesh yourself
here and in this video I'm going to
teach you guys how to make and to get to
the pack punch machine basically where
you want to start off you want to build
a turbine to try and get the source of
power for you guys I'm just building it
right now just get some get aways on
these for stupid zombies so I'm just
what I'm doing now is I'm just building
the turbine so I'll basically you can
skip forward if you know what the
turbine is but I'm just going to show
you for the guys who don't know how to
build the turbine that's how you build
the turbine because these parts will
spawn every single time so don't have to
worry you can't see them because I'm in
recording in theater mode but they will
spawn there each and every single time
so as you can see I've built the type of
turbine right now so I'm just leaving
the starting area because it's free if
you run this way if you guys didn't know
that so now we're basically we're going
to skip to the second part where you
want to turn on the power I'm not going
to teach you guys how to turn on the
power you should so you should know that
from my past videos so we're going to
skip right now and basically what you
want to do is to take the turbine and
I'll put it in this green door basically
when you jump down to the power room
behind you is this green door with the
green electric symbol on on on it so you
want to put the manikin or the winter or
the turbine the power turbine on the way
on the door so that activates the door
in the town now we're going to fast
forward to town where we're basically we
need that we need to get to the back
much machine so and there's two vault
doors that are in the way so basically
what my friend is doing on the player is
throwing grenades to destroy the bank
vault doors so we need two grenades to
do this he's just done one and now he's
just going to throw the second one and
that should destroy the vault doors now
basically because we have got the
mannequin at the house right now so
unknown players going to run over there
and to the power room and put the
mannequin over there the wind turbine
and it's going to unlock it for me and
I'm basically going to show you guys how
to build the vault right now so there's
they're going to be three and not build
the vaults build pack punch machine in
this in this room so there's going to be
three parts that will spawn in this pack
punch room and I'll show you what they
look like they're very easy to hind hop
find they're really easy to find and
they are are in very obvious spots so
I'll basically show you what it looks
like and you can find it from there but
they're not going to spawn the air in
the same places they're going to spawn
in different places as you can see them
but this first part now superior which
is kind of like the base of the pack
punch machine now I'm just trying to
find the second part go on past mess
yourself go go find the second part the
the main the main part is really easy to
find it's like the big chunk of the
package machine half and I believe the
third part is the power box for the
pack-a-punch machine but I'll show you
guys what it looks like and how to get
that see this is the big big pack punch
machine part so I thought it was just
two parts so I went to go build build it
here and thought that would be it but
now there is actually three parts so I'm
just building the second part right now
and I'm gonna any once in for all you
try and find the third part now I had a
bit of trouble find the third part
because it's so small but it's literally
a power box which is the third part so
I'm just going to try and find that
right now see it see you it's best to
search the room as much as you can
because it's mainly on the edges of each
room it's not going to be bite right
bang in the middle of the of the hallway
it's going to be on either left or the
right of the room so as you can see I've
just found the the power box right now
so I'm gonna hold square or hold extra
kick that up and run back to the
crafting bench and craft the third item
and then we should have pack-a-punch
machine then so I hope you guys enjoyed
this little tutorial on how to get a
pack on a machine on transit is actually
quite hard it did take me like a couple
of days to get it but I did get it in
the end so remember to subscribe for the
latest black ops 2 zombie stuff and I'll
see you my next video
