what's up guys it's mesh yourself here
and in this video I'm going to tell you
how to obtain the air cannon or the
Wonder gun or kind of like the Zeus
cannon from black ops 1 now transit is
split into five stops stop number one or
where you start off would be the bus
depot the second spot would be the diner
the third spot would be farm the fourth
stop would be the power room and the
fifth stop would be town now the first
part to get to the egg cannon is on the
first journey of the bus so basically
what you want to do is jump on the bus
and when you reach this kind of
intersection slash tunnel you want to
jump off the bus where these kind of two
barriers are these two windows and the
m-16 is and I'm going to show you
basically all the spots where it could
spawn here it could spawn either here
where I'm looking at right now or it
could spawn at the end at the end of the
same kind of stairs bit right here and
it can also spawn right round the corner
from here as I'm calling a theater mode
I can't actually show you what it looks
like on the floor but I'm going to show
you each space where it could possibly
be now what you want to do is travel to
the town which the fifth destination and
actually go to the crafting bench in the
town it's just through this door and the
crafting bench is just on the left so
what you want to do is craft each part
as you can only hold one part at a time
now the next part is in the cabin if you
guys don't know where the cabin is on as
an annotation on screen
it's the tutorial of the bow in either
location on how to get to there it's
pretty much the same on how to get there
and you want to pick up this little
thermostat or this dial for the air
cannon now the next part is going to be
in the power room the the Tesla coils
can either spawn right back there where
I just was could I spawn on my right
just here it could spawn just on this
little ledge where it didn't and the
last spot it could spawn wait them skill
this god damn dummy
the last spot where can spawn is on this
little barrel and it was there for me
but I can't show you as I said it's on
theater mode but it will spawn in those
places definitely now the last spot is
in naturally to totin the last part is
in that student ocean as you can see the
part I have right now is the wrong part
two parts will spawn in next in totin
and this is the wrong part I'm going to
pick up the right part right now can I
spawn right to right there organ and
spawn in the stairs or a connection
born on the left which I did not go to
but it can spawn there so you know watch
out it's actually the handle we need to
watch out and pick up the handle so now
we're going to go back to town and put
it back the last piece now we're back at
town we're basically going to put the
last piece back together and I'm going
to show you a little bit of gameplay for
all the air cannon so guys it's been
mesh yourself and I'm going to leave you
right now to show you some gameplay of
the air cannon being in use and don't
forget to subscribe for the latest
zombie stuff and I'll see you in my next
video
trouble
you
