hello everyone my name s yourself and
today I'm going to teach you guys how to
get to nitrogen totin on transit
now transit has four main stops on the
bus journey stop number one or where you
start off would be the bus depot the
second spot would be the diner the third
spot would be farm the fourth stop would
be the power room and the fifth stop
would be town now naturally in totin is
in a cornfield along the bus route from
the powerhouse to town so we need to
follow that bus route where I'm showing
right now I'm just following the bus
route and I'll show you some signs that
you can follow to sure to know where to
turn now as we can see we're passing a
green light right now now at when we see
the green light we want to turn right
the cornfield is on our right so we're
going to turn right right now we're
going to follow this cornfield and hug
the wall just hug the walls there's
nowhere nowhere to go there's no left or
right right now we're just going
straight on and then we take the first
left
there's no right we just take the first
left now if we slow down right now we
will see that there's a passage on the
right which is very thick is very narrow
compared to the other route and we just
go straight forward and here we are
we're at nach der toten so there are no
official leaked images for the corn
fields I don't have any images for you
so I've quickly drawn one up this is
what the corn field kind of look like on
the right you just need to make sure
that you take the right and you will
enter we're on the right bit of your of
what you're looking at and screen right
now you could go further down and take a
right out of car but it's a lot easier
to look at try and find the green light
and just turn right right there so if
you join the video guys please give it a
thumbs up remember to subscribe for the
full zombie breakdown and check out my
other videos and I'll see you on my next
video
