you play as a half Indian boy named
Connor wait that's not how it starts oh
really I just started finest bat track
your first plays Haytham a really cool
British dude your first task was to find
four bum boys to help you find a door in
America we later then discover the
Haytham owners bum boys or tumblers
Haytham then gets a little distracted
and thus Connor is born but then shit
goes pear-shaped when the bum boys burn
your mom to death Connor then promises
to find and kill all of havens bum boys
but first we need to be trained by a
rather nice black man get the hell off
my land you kill William Johnson you
killed John Pitt you killed Thomas
Hickey and then Connors like fuck it
Yolo I'll kill my dad you shoot Charlie
in the belly and he's like fuck it Yolo
I'll walk it off we then kill Charlie we
take his key and then corner digs a hole
oh my god crikey I need a cup of tea
after that
