hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is mesh yourself it today we are back
reacting to story booth animations yet
again you guys love my story booth
animation videos and because story booth
is such an amazing beautiful channel I
love this channel I love that they exist
I love what they do on their channel
it's they make such amazing videos if
you guys don't know
all right they're a channel which take
like basically children's stories and
then they animate them and they have
like really good messages which they
portray you know what and I and that's
what I love making these videos okay
because I get to talk about serious
topics all right and give my advice and
my opinions on it okay so if you guys
haven't seen storybooth before go in the
description right now subscribe to their
Channel check them out alright this is
probably gonna be the last video I'm
making on storybooth okay because I to
be honest I've watched too many of their
videos already alright in the first
animation we're going to be watching is
I survived the war but we lost my sister
now in today's video we're gonna be
focusing on like sadder animations okay
and you know I'm not gonna be as finding
on this one alright because you know
this sounds like horrible alright I
really want to see what happened hi my
name is Sarah my dad is from England and
my mom's from Iraq and I warn in England
I was about 7 years old my mom was like
hey maybe we should go to Iraq I've not
seen my family in so long so I should
pay them a visit and maybe we could stay
there for a while well my dad was like
no oh your mind is well know what was
going on yeah I was like yeah well
that's where I was born that's where I
was raised also my dad finally agrees
and oh my mum my dad and my sisters and
brothers weren't there okay everything
was fine until I was about nine years
old and it was about 4 a.m. no I always
woken up to the sound of screams and
crying and I was like what what's going
on No
count my window and I see fire I see a
builder oh my mom through no and I
grabbed her by the hand I rush back to
my room and I show her the fire she
screamed
yeah and she woke everyone up and she
was having a panic attack
you know if we realized that our city
has been with her man we are so lucky
that we don't live in places where
there's conflict in the world man like
that is was going on around the world
right now which you probably have no
idea that is going on okay you just
completely oblivious man man it sucks
and it really does suck about a few
weeks later we were running low and
supply staying in the house the full
time trying to avoid the war they sped
weeks in that house because they were so
afraid to leave just in case anything
would happen oh my god that must be so
terrifying just being trapped in your
own home like that and then my dad was
like okay we are low in food we can't
live like this we are gonna die in a
fire get anymore yeah my dad didn't my
sister go out and they go and get food
okay it was about four days since they'd
went out yes raised and my mum and I and
my brother started panicking drew just
like something has happened they are not
okay I just lost all my hope and I was
like well there's nothing to do now
let's just pray to God and see what
happens no a miracle happened my dad
came back from the house and without my
sister he was just crying and he was
really injured without my sister I've
realized why God has taken her up and I
realized that she'll be by my side no
matter what
soon after that we move back to England
and now I'm 13 years old and I live a
happy life
life is good and
now if you're going through one thing it
will get better
oh no no no that's so horrible oh my
goodness that that's something that no
child should have to go through man man
that's that's so sad
I feel so bad she didn't come back did
did a terrorist kill a young girl who
would do that oh my god man that the
world is is is met as a messed up place
man
man this poor poor girl I I feel
horrible I feel like I want to help her
and do something but like I I can't you
know there's wars going on in this world
you know and the only thing that I can
really do is just is just really
appreciate that you know I live in a
country where you know I'm blessed that
we don't have wars like that and you
guys probably live in a country like
that too you know and the sad thing is
is that it's not nice like it is for me
everywhere in the world man that that's
such a sad that is that is a very sad
and upsetting story I feel so sorry for
this girl all right the next animation
we're gonna be watching is my friend
died in the parkland Florida school
shooting if you guys didn't know there
was a school shooting in Florida not not
long ago there just feels like there's
way too many school shootings going on
in America and like let's forget about
like the political stuff for a moment
like school should be a place where
children feel safe where they where they
feel like they're going somewhere to
learn
and not to be scared you know like it's
school should be a sacred place and you
know it's sad that there's some horrible
like not mentally right people out there
who you know think it's okay that they
can bring something like a gun into
school it's horrible okay and I can't
imagine what this girl has gone through
but let's let's just watch his animation
I live in Florida okay and I'm sure you
heard about the Stoneman Douglas High
School shooting yesterday she filmed
this yesterday all times day and
basically I had some friends in that
school
it happened on Valentine's Day no sorry
the shooter was 19 years old
and one of my friends ended up getting
shot and she died in the shooting and
it's really hard for me
her name was Jamie I knew her since I
was really little she was like three
grades higher than me she would always
give me free candy
she was a freshman in high school
her first year of an experiment that's
supposed to be great ended up in a
tragedy so like I was saying Jamie she
passed away she got shot and her her
dead body is all over the Internet in
the news no snapchats
Instagram social medias but dead body
hust all go viral was her on the floor
and a pile of blood all dead and today
is a memorial from the Stoneman Douglas
high school for all those victims who
got hurt for all the ones who died all
the ones who are in critical condition
I've been crying non-stop because you
know it's just a really hard situation
to deal with when somebody that you knew
for a really long time just passes away
like that
oh it's just really it's just really
tough to do was but I know Jamie is in a
better place she's happier as she's
safer and hopefully God has his hands
down on the families that are suffering
the victims that are fighting for their
lives
and hopefully nothing like this will
ever happen again
jeez man that's that's so horrible and
let there she is man Jamie our man that
that's I just I have no words because
it's like something that like I feel is
so traumatizing and like no child should
go through that and you know like what
what's up saying is that it's a child
you know and sorry and like a child's
life is it's like they get they've got
they got their whole lives ahead of them
yeah it's it's it it's just unfair that
their lives are taken away like that
it's it's something that like they
couldn't do anything about and like no
one deserves to be no one deserves to
have that life taken away like that you
know every everyone should have the
right to a full full life and it's just
it's just horrible it's one of the
saddest things that is happening in our
generation you know because it's it's
it's innocent school kids you know and
it's just it's just a sad thing you know
and I really do hope in time
know that this sort of stuff never does
happen again in America because um you
know it breaks my hi every time I see
that this kind of thing happens and that
thing happens way too much way too often
I don't want to live in a world where
something like this happens you know
it's not one I'm it's not what I expect
2018 to be like it's just sad man anyway
III I feel so bad you know that the guts
needed to to do this animation man I
have a lot of respect it's a sad sad
time anyway let's just move on
so the next animation we'll be watching
is an older boy took advantage of me and
it sounds horrible but you know these
kind of things do happen rarely you know
and I feel you know if you're a young
girl or even a young boy and you feel
like someone has taken advantage of you
because of their age it's it's very
serious
and and it's it's not fair to you you
know I feel like a child every child has
a little bit of innocence with them you
know and like no one should take
advantage of that innocence and you
should you know tell people about it but
yeah I'm sure that's what this girl did
but let's just see her story I remember
I was at my step aunt's house for my
little sister's father's side of the
family and I was watching TV with my
stuffed cousins two young girls I'm the
eldest boy no these are the spec time
passes and the two girls have left and I
left a little the eldest boy that's
watching TV while the adults are outside
cooking no you reaches over and puts his
arm around me telling me how I'm
beautiful and things like that all mine
that I was nine and normally in high
school I was so uncomfortable but I just
sat there and said thanks I guess Oh
after a few more compliments and some
small talk he leans in and he kisses me
being nine
and shy I just sat there like an idiot
when I went home I didn't tell my mom no
I thought that if I told her she would
be disgusted or love me anymore I
thought that she would just blame me for
not doing anything to myself no no no no
no parent would act like that I feel you
know like like I said you're a child you
are the victim you know and like even if
even if it is something really small you
know like don't like you shouldn't be
forced or pushed into a corner to do
anything you don't want to do you know
you need to be very wary of the the
people that you trust in your life you
know like there's some people in this
world who want who aren't just like
genuinely nice people and like who are
like evil you know and and they do evil
things and you know you need to be
careful for these sort of people because
they can pretend to be a nice person but
in reality they can you know they can be
not you know that it could be all a
facade that you have no idea until it's
too late so I just kept it to myself all
that so sad since I didn't tell my mom
right then in there it continued of cold
soup next time I went there I was
playing with my young girl at the
bathroom well I was washing my hands he
steps in and he was like oh okay sorry I
didn't know you're in here and I'm going
oh it's okay but he didn't leave closer
I put my hands on his chest stopping him
and saying wait I don't want to and he
told me that it was okay and then I
wouldn't get in trouble and he kisses me
and he made me do things I didn't want
to do for years past and now I'm 13
years old and my mom and stepfather are
separated I was happy that I wouldn't go
over there anymore but I can feel that
the guilt is still there
oh no it's not your phone a few months
ago at lunch with my mom I'm telling
myself tell her she'll understand well
tell her that's exactly what I did
surprisingly she was in the same
situation I was when she was younger
no she hugged me while I cried she told
me that it was gonna be okay and that
she loves me no matter what man
I must be so hard as a parent to listen
to that you know cuz like you know III
don't have a child but like like as a
parent you would want to protect your
children no matter what and you know it
would break my heart knowing that's that
someone has done that to my daughter
you know it's horrible I think I said
that I said it before but like there's
some evil evil people in this world you
know and you need to be careful who you
trust I'm sorry that this girl had to go
through that but I think she did the
right thing and telling her mum because
not only you know it made her feel
better you know it it probably made your
mum feel a lot better that you want you
know keeping this from her you know and
your mum would probably want to do
anything to help you in that sort of
situation it's just it's just horrible
it's just it's just a horrible thing
that sometimes happens but I feel like
it's it's not going to stop unless we
like teach you know why it's wrong in
schools and I feel like you know that
way boys will understand that you know
consent is something that means
everything you know and you can't just
take what you want you know it's it it's
horrible and it does happen and you know
and hopefully we'll live in a world one
day where that kind of thing doesn't
happen because it's it's sad it's sad to
hear stuff like that all right the next
animation I'm going to be watching is I
didn't feel safe
home or in school now this story sounds
horrible because you know like if you've
got a terrible life at home school
sometimes might be the place to sort of
feel normal again but when you know you
feel like you can't turn to either it
gets hard and you know you need to be
like a really strong minded person to
sort of get through that you know and
you know turn like don't let it like
affect you mentally and physically you
know but yeah let's watch this animation
I had a an older sister and younger
brother every time my sister or my
brother did activities and I wanted to
join in I was always either too old or
too young because being a middle child
can sometimes be like that yeah I love
my mom very much and I knew she cared
about me just at times I felt like she
loved me a lot less than the other two
my parents divorced my mother ended up
meeting any person who didn't like me my
brother very much if we didn't do what
he wanted he would hit us very hard know
me so hard that I got knocked out he
like this for a few years it got to the
point where I had to actually end up
call the police on him no the police
believed him I'm a child and I was just
doing childish and making excuses
oh it just sucks as a child sometimes
when you're not believe because of your
age that when I was at school things
weren't easy either
because of what was going on at home I
had really low self-esteem and people
would bully me for being scared and by
myself ah for an entire year I had no
friends at school I used to sit by a
tree by myself and eat my lunch so she
will point in laugh at me in Cola and
they bully him to know I didn't know how
to react to that
no I just sat there and cried so I
didn't feel safe anywhere when I went
home it was hell when I went to school
it was hell I felt like I had nothing
nothing whatsoever after time the thing
with my stead that I saw him about to
hit my brother
no I stepped in the way
told him no you can't do that although
this called me into even more of a
situation that I couldn't get out of nah
he ended up hitting me really hard that
day I'm just glad it wasn't my brother
and it was me instead he did apologize
in the end for everything that he did
but shouldn't have happened but still
she's an apology yeah
throughout my life I just been kind of
an outcast nobody really liked me but I
just kept trying and I kept trying and
pushing myself out there feel confident
and to a point where somebody actually
ended up approached me and talking to me
and this was the first proper friend I
ever had
he introduced me to more people when I
ended up getting more and more friends
and becoming quote-unquote a Shema a
popular kid and people were said to like
me and I felt so much more confident
about myself I'm happier good it's
assigned to go well in my life stuff at
home and didn't starting to get better
I've been getting along better with my
brother my sister my mom had been
treating me more evenly and exactly the
same as the others I felt like I was
positive again
I just kept staying strong in the inside
and I didn't let all this completely
take me down all the way times I felt so
defenseless and worth this I was able to
push myself to a point where I was able
to get myself out there and be myself
and where I am today is very confident
good happy with myself and I'm happy
with who I am
oh that's so good to hear man yeah again
it's like I can't imagine what a guy
goes through I think like the advice
that I would give in the sort of these
situations is that like if you see a kid
getting bullied you know or you see like
like one of your friends maybe or just
anyone being mean to anyone like like I
think something that you need to
remember is that that people have lives
outside of school you know and you don't
know what like struggles some people in
your life are going through you know
like that you walk into school and you
know you got a brave face on but you
don't really know what's happening at
home you know and like I would like to
think that these kids that were bullying
this guy wouldn't do it if he knew the
hardships he was going through at home
some children are very inconsiderate I
feel and you know that's what bullies
come from you know but yeah it's it's
it's sad to see and to hear that this
sort of stuff happens you know I would
like to think any kids watching right
now would never do anything to hurt
anyone else's feelings or harm them in
any sort of way you know cuz you know
when we're not moving forward as a
society you know if you don't start
treating people with a little bit more
respect and treating them a bit more
like human beings you know all right the
next animation we're watching is my life
with CP cerebral cerebral policy okay so
I'm guessing this is a condition that
this girl is going through and this
animation is telling us how she managed
to live her life with this like I have
no idea what this what this condition is
but I'm sure we'll find out by watching
this animation okay Mandy is 17 years
old and she has cerebral palsy also
known as CP is caused by an abnormal
it's too fast cerebral palsy also known
as CP is caused by abnormal development
of part of the brain or by damage to
parts of the brain that control movement
and muscle coordination okay so she has
trouble you know moving and activating
her muscles it's symptoms affect the way
people walk and talk Mandy's mom is
helping to tell her story
okay I have cerebral palsy cerebral
cortices called CP okay and I was born
with CP Oh almost died at the hospital
geez and I never gave up I spent seven
days in the NICU Wow my parents were
finally able to take me home on
Thanksgiving Day now my first elementary
school I would fall down hey and I spins
with laughing hey commies what
and what problem do you have oh no
some kids are so horrible like like this
kind of stuff would never happen in my
school and and it's sad that some
schools this would happen why would you
you laugh and point out someone's
disability like that
utterly utterly heartless and horrible
and you know I know kids can be quite
insensitive sometimes and they haven't
really developed like that many emotions
but like you know I'm glad videos like
this exist you know so you can
understand stuff like this and you know
just just put yourself in her shoes you
know now how hard it is for her she
didn't choose to be like this you know
she was born that way and you know a
little bit of empathy you know goes a
long way my teacher teacher was most
mean bored and called names oh my god I
began to hate school
I don't blame me and I cry and I was
depressed that's so sad I wanted to stay
home
my mom said what happened I told mom
and so we went to look at a different
school and it was awesome oh three a lot
of deaf people Wow I was not alone oh
and a few had CP to G's and learn why as
I had friends and I played baseball
that's amazing is good at baseball and
my parents are very proud of me Oh
especially in that depressed good man
that's so beautiful that not so cute ah
I can't imagine what it's like to go
through that but like like she she's a
she's a smart girl you know she she's 17
years old and you know she can construct
proper sentences you know it's nothing
to do you know mentally it's literally
it's just just physically and man like
yeah like I said before you know I just
wish a kids with empathize a lot more
you know I'm glad she moved schools and
she was around kids who did understand
what she was going through because she
was surrounded by other kids who were
also going through their own problems
you know they said Simon what some were
deaf you know some had CP too you know
and like those are the kind of kids that
yeah they would empathize with the other
kids because that they know how hard it
is to live their life you know with
their with their conditions you know and
yeah I feel it's just sad some kids you
know they like if a kids mean like that
they just don't understand what like a
girl like this is going through it's
just sad you know it's just so sad that
the worlds like that you know but like I
said before the only way we can improve
on that is just you know empathize a
little bit more and understand where
these people are coming from and their
battles like this man what a beautiful
video man I've learnt so much about this
condition you know and yeah what a great
video all right the last animation that
we're going to be watching is how do I
make kids stop bullying me and like this
is so sad it's so sad that's that some
kids get bullied out there you know and
like it I I know the first thing a kid
would think is is it's just like why why
why mean why is this happening and yeah
they just wanted to stop you know but
let's watch this animation
and I can sort of give my advice when I
went to middle school it's when bullying
really started to hit me it used to be
called names got a cyber bullied a lot
you know it made me feel really bad
after I survived middle school so I
started getting into my near freshman
years and the bullying and
cyber-bullying gets way way worse than
it was just a kid called really
offensive names I got picked on for no
apparent reason
no made me feel really bad about myself
no I see people at my school doing
things themselves like wanting to commit
suicide and I'm seeing them cut
themselves up north on all links no
really bad and then when I'm thinking
about doing and I'm like no and all
going to do it yeah so I just forget
about all those mean thoughts bullying
continues over and over again one day we
were playing kickball and while I was
running to a base kid accidentally ran
into me I fell over and hit my head
straight on the ground
I had the girl act out for a little
while and I woke up and I started crying
because it really really hurt turns out
my doctor and I had a concussion cost
the orbital bone around my eye so after
that I just kind of played it off and
I'm like hey I got a concussion I mean
look at my face I actually got bullied a
lot know why I got called names know
that post about it and he said this is
what an unearthly tech kid looks like no
I was really upset I used to fake being
sick to go home just so I can go and lay
in my room or just not go to school or
to cry or something like that
and when I try to do stuff like none of
the teachers would do anything on us
they would just you know say I will just
give them a warning and you know if they
stop them it's good right now it never
stopped and it's still going on I still
get bullied almost every day I wish you
would stop soon but I don't think it's
going anywhere and that's it dot dot
that's that's just that's them oh my god
like yeah I think a lot of advice that
is given to kids is to go to like a
parent or to a teacher you know but like
you know I feel like some kids you know
that they just don't listen you know and
I feel like like the only way like it's
going to stop is if we just stop
tolerating it and raising people who are
bullies
you know like it's like if I saw a post
like that on my timeline you know I
wouldn't I would be furious or ever
whoever would do that you know like I
you know I I don't care who would make
that post you know to make someone feel
like that you know online especially
it's like you know I feel like the
responsibility is on us you know as as
the kids as as like the spectators and
all this you know if you see anyone in
school who who is sad and out and
depressed and like alone you know just
talk to them be friends with them
because like it would mean a lot more to
them than Minh how hard it is to just do
it yourself you know just just go talk
to them you know and you know just be
there for these people and if you see it
do something about it because it's it's
it's it's just as bad letting people
treat other people like this you know no
one should be treated like this you know
no one has the right to make anyone feel
like that
you know and and I do hope that this kid
will get through this you know and I'm
glad he had that mentality of not
wanting to hurt himself because you know
the people who do hurt themselves you
know it's it's a cry out for help you
know and it often doesn't really help it
in fact it just makes things a hell of a
lot worse you know please do not harm
yourself it's just not the right thing
to do and I'm glad this this boy was
just
you know very adamant on the fact that
he wasn't going to harm himself because
he knew he was better than that you know
and you are better than that
you know um yeah life's hard man it
life's always hard but you know you you
have to stick through it you know
because if you don't stick through it
then you know then what's the what's the
point you know anyway guys I'm gonna end
the video there yeah I picked a lot of
sad animations this time yeah I didn't
really like find any of them funny I
didn't pick any funny ones but good that
we watched this you know I've learned a
lot you know I felt like I've given some
some good advice and yeah storybooth are
doing something amazing right now
you know they're they're showing such
great messages you know and you know I'm
sure a lot of you have already
subscribed to their channel they post
one video a week so you might as well
subscribe to them but yeah other than
that that's about it you know if this
video reaches like 50,000 likes I will
do another story booth but I think I'm
done you know I I think I've watched
like most of their stuff and I think you
guys will watch the rest but yeah I'm
gonna stop talking now thank you guys so
much for watching I really do appreciate
it and yeah I'll see you in the next
video
buh-bye
