man the universal sound is the most
amazing thing ever
hello everyone how is everyone doing it
as much as L fear today we are playing
jurassic world evolution yes ladies
German we are playing Jurassic world
evolution now if you guys have never
heard of this game you guys are
seriously missing out you need to play
and try this game for yourself it is
basically a game where you get to create
your own Jurassic world okay this is a
kind of thing that like Jurassic Park
fans have been wanting for so long and
this is like such a good game I feel
like I've been playing a lot of my spare
time so yeah today I'm making a video on
it because you guys have to try this
game after yourselves it's so cool when
I say welcome Oh
my name is dr. Ian Malcolm oh you may
have heard of me yeah well correction
you should have heard of me so before
you are the islands that you need to
manage you need to manage if you can
thanks Jeff Goldblum okay you sexy
Borden man I love Jeff
okay this is as good a place as any to
begin Oh Isla mattandsarah yeah you can
you can get your feet wet here and you
should hope it's diving into the deep
end of the pool is really big Angry
hungry things are and won't be ready
before you try that oh man Jeff Goldblum
narrating this game just makes it so
much better
place
we get our Jurassic world man I love
this game so much okay so this is our
Jurassic Park Walt okay because the game
just started all right
it's barely got anything stuck anything
in it okay let's first start off by
building an enclosure because we have
somewhere to keep the dinosaurs we could
actually run around the park doing what
they bloody want to do and boom there's
building oh look at this shit man I love
this game okay so first we need to
create a road because we need to connect
it okay take a pause alright connected
to my main road boom alright now that we
have our enclosure we can now incubate a
dinosaur and the only time so we have is
struthiomimus shridhama - that was my
impression of one okay so we click it
and then we incubate for 30,000 alright
so now we want as many dinosaurs as we
can because you know people are going to
come visit our part and give us money
and the more dinosaurs but more money
will get okay here we go it's done we
can now release a bloody dinosaur okay
not only can you create any dinosaur you
want okay you can modify them okay you
can go right up to them and just look at
them okay this is the kind of game that
we've been wanting for so long okay so
of course making dinosaurs cost a lot of
money okay and it costs a lot of
research next thing we need to do is we
need to create an expedition center so
let's take it and we're gonna plant it
right here okay so we've built our
expedition set now now with the
expedition Center okay what we could
basically do is we can send dick teams
around the walls to find new fossils so
we can unlock new dinosaurs okay so we
can look at the map okay and now all
this is all the dig sites where fossils
are now I would actually unlock a
triceratops
so yeah let's click this o transmission
okay so let's click this one our
helicopter will be sent to go and yes go
look at the fossils oh how beautiful
look at these three security guards
walking in the rain come on man why did
you go to rain man just look at the
dinosaurs okay what we can do is we can
put a ground herbivore feeder now our
dinosaur eats plants
it's a herbivore so if I put this here
our dinosaur should walk straight up to
it all right it's just drinking some
more now look guys it's going to the
feeder it's going to the feed of stuff
my face okay so we can look at our
fossils and we can see we have a bunch
of fossils now so we can either sell
them for more money but we kind of want
to extract the DNA because you know we
want to we want to learn new dinosaurs
and stuff so if I extract this from the
Centaurus okay then we'll have a
dinosaur that eats meat
oh helicopters here baby looks like we
have some fossils to extract all right
we have done extracting now we can now
Inc make a new dinosaur a Centaurus he's
a carnivore baby
all right let's incubate this oh my
goodness half a million to create this
dinosaur this time it's also dumb
looking look if done no face damn
Brannon come on don't be mean oh he just
walked straight into the food so of
course your dummy okay I dinosaurs ready
we will now release the Sarah Taurus
whoa look at this thing it's like a mini
t-rex what I created what the hell have
I created
okay so I've released this dinosaur in
the same enclosure as my other dinosaur
and one of them eats meat and one of
them doesn't so I really hope I can
trust this guy to not eat my other
dinosaur where's the food
okay he's drinking is he's drinking now
guys all right we need to feed him all
right otherwise gonna eat our other
dinosaur okay so we can't actually feed
him if we go into enclosures we can
actually feed him live bait which is a
goat but I'm gonna put it here okay
let's see here we go so here goes
towards the go or here's the live feed
uh-oh is the goat all right gone
Torosaurus you can go eat now eat the
goal I smell goat where wish I was gonna
eat the goat he's gonna either go No
okay you just you just ate the goat
alive so well yeah so that's our
Centaurus now hopefully he'll leave my
other dinosaur alone I just gotta keep
feeding him sorry dinosaur but I'm low
on enclosure space so yeah you two are
gonna have to sit here for now but don't
worry I'm sure he won't kill you
whatever that thing is it looks way
tastier than a goat oh no no no please
don't bother dinosaur no he has his
Iseman no please don't eat my other
dinosaur he was so expensive no no no no
please
he killed her
I've got a dead dinosaur inevitable okay
well note to self don't leave two
dinosaurs that I just what yeah one's
gonna eat the other one okay
okay I'm now gonna create a ranger
station okay now what the ranger station
does all right it basically you know
looks after all the dinosaurs and stuff
okay so we built my ranger station now
what I can actually do is I think I can
actually drive mother vehicle look come
on Terry we got dinosaurs to kill I can
now just drive this little vehicle I
love how you can do that it's the little
things okay
all right my carnivore dinosaur is going
to crazy all right so we need to we need
to tranquilize this guy where is he well
I can take a photo
Wow I made $10,000 just for taking a
photo
we're hanging a second dot rifle oh I
can't shoot it oh no shoot my dinosaur
okay ready ready fire well I missed all
right we have a couple of dinosaurs now
I mean even though one of them died but
our next task is we need to construct a
fast-food restaurant okay because it's
not all about just having dinosaurs it's
about you know entertaining the guests
who are gonna be visiting our park
so let's first build a fast food store
I'm gonna put it right here okay and the
fast food stores now open for business
okay so we need to research a certain
building so we have to go to the
research part which is this one go onto
buildings and select this and we can now
unlock a closed shop so with this game
there's like a bunch of different stores
that you can make like a toy shop of
restaurant okay it is basically like
your standard city building like
experience that's what I love about it
okay because it's an interesting idea
it's not just like you're building a
city or anything like that like you're
actually building like a theme park
based around dinosaurs like literally a
Jurassic Park okay it's such a cool idea
for a game and I think it's done like so
super well all right our closed shop is
now open for business okay now our next
task is we need to build a view
Gallery okay so we go into enclosures
and go onto viewing gallery this is
basically so that the guests can
actually like you know look at the
dinosaurs I'm gonna put it like right
here so it's like right up and next to
this dinosaur we did it we got a million
dollars for doing a mission yeah okay I
feel like I should separate my
carnivores and my herbivores okay so I'm
actually gonna build a gate alright cool
so I've created a gate in the middle of
our park now so now our carnivore
shouldn't being are herbivores okay
let's now incubate a triceratops
let's also incubate an IDI maan Tour
soros all right I Triceratops is ready
let us release it look at this beautiful
thing oh my goodness it's so big look
guys it's eating it's so cute I love it
that could have the dinosaurs they're so
adorable
alright guys it's time to release our
first edmontosaurus here it comes
dead bolt whoa look at this guy okay
okay people are starting to slowly come
to our park
okay we're slowly attracting some
visitors now that we're building a
couple of dinosaurs you know
alright let's release another strides
with the Rama - dinosaur okay because my
other dinosaur Hannah made the other we
have a new viable genome for a Jiraiya
corex
we're gonna build another dinosaur what
disease contract it they have a bloody
dinosaur disease oh no this time it's
those dirty cure the Triceratops using a
ranger team oh this is what the vehicles
for this is what it's all I meant to fix
a sick dinosaurs
go go shoot me please
sorry dinosaur I got it administering
medication gone gone gone oh I'm so
happy add neither this means okay it's
just story progression alright guys I
now have a new dinosaur that I can
incubate a truck Horrocks
ok I talked now is to build a hotel so
our guests can stay somewhere oh my
goodness look at the size of it alright
nearly done and there we go baby we have
now built our first hotel ok so now with
the hotel will get way more guests all
right and our Park will make make way
more money so which we can then use to
make way more dinosaurs ok alright guys
we can now release our first rock or ex
here we go here it is I think it's a
small one look at them just walk out I'm
gonna build another creation lab ok
because I want to separate my herbivores
and my carnivores alright we have now
unlocked a new dinosaur the Hugh are
young gooris right that's incubating and
while that's incubating we actually have
another seven tours ok now we have two
carnivals in the same pen I'm not
actually sure if they live in peace or
just like attack each other who knows
go on eat the meat dinosaur I put some
meat out for you and just don't eat my
guests leaves yummy a movie branded a
million oh look Oh hi-yah Gorgosaurus is
Donna let's release it
there we go look at this one it's got
all four words on his back and
everything alright guys you know what I
think I've built enough dinosaurs but
the real question that everyone's
thinking
what's gonna happen if I destroyed the
gates all right here we go
boom boom boom aah dinosaurs on now
together
oh no he's looking at him he's seeing
him No No please don't know my other
dinosaur is the new dinosaur just create
the carnival gonna window the hub or who
knows everyone leave a comment saying
rest in peace you you anger or a source
just knew you okay I would just think
you may get died of so sorry okay these
two other times was fighting oh no oh no
who try and destroy MITRE Triceratops no
that's just sad Jesus Christ okay well I
don't want my done any more any more
dinosaurs to die actually you know what
I wonder what happen if I just destroyed
the game and you know allowed you know
them to attack my my guests sure let's
see what happens okay I just want to see
what happens okay
Oh guys he's coming he said Unleashed
he's coming straight for our guest
weren't for your lives I'm gonna kill
everyone oh no he's gonna eat my
scientists no way no way no way I'm cold
we need everyone Hey
okay guys I think I'm gonna end the
video there I just wanted to make a
video show you guys Jurassic world
evolution and although I've only just
scratched the surface of this game like
you guys need to go and try out the game
for yourselves like it's such a fun cool
game and like I love it like it's so
much fun it's like definitely the type
of games that I like to play and yeah
like I've been playing a lot of it in my
spare time and yeah like I might make
more videos in this it depends if you
guys want to see more you know let's
just say if this video reaches 20,000
likes I will but if not it's okay either
way though thank you guys so much for
watching I love this game so much you
should definitely check it out and I'll
see you in the next video man so the
guys love you for bat
