Oh oh my goodness oh yeah The Walking
Dead Season 2 oh my god
oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
it is master selfie today we are playing
The Walking Dead Season 2 oh my goodness
I have missed this game so much I am so
glad we are continuing the Walking Dead
let's play ok now season 1 is that is
the season everyone's played ok but
season 2 is what I'm really excited
about alright because I have never
played season 2 before and I'm so
excited to continue where we left off
find out what the hell happened to poor
old Clementine alright she is all alone
now okay and we don't know where like
Kenny is Lee unfortunately passed away
yeah there's so much guys alright so if
you are excited for season 2 and you
want to see it completed 30,000 likes as
soon as we reach it I'm gonna upload the
next episode guys alright here we go
episode 1 remains open and I know you
stupid whatever shit his name was oh yes
I kill this guy yes I did Colonel time
okay they were bad man okay I think I'm
doing with her oh I told how to shoot
model Lloyd Crawford is the only place
left in Savannah that still has people
oh okay it must be where my mom and dad
are
oh we found out clementines parents are
dead
never got where'd you go why did you run
away kind of time oh shit run away I
would have survived oh no hmm she
wouldn't be exposed to what she has been
with you oh man I hate this guy killing
that's right Chuck this guy because I
hate him parents I know I know it's me
Pete you're gonna have to show me honey
final me
Krista okay but here we go baby
oh we are starting off with season two
guys I am so excited in the woods
oh oh that remains or this poor sweet
girl
poor sweetie okay I'll protect you
Clementine I promise I made a promise to
leave huh oh me the crystal can't be
serious
we found on a.m. we are not doing that
oh we because all amazing
oh we great we found them all so happy
what's wrong with Omid we're not calling
our baby Omid one of you is oh I'm in
time a little help here yeah it'll help
it all she look how pretty she is
oh wow they've changed the interface but
why yeah caller Krista that's just
confused why would you know you'll get
the same name okay
how can you not care Oh Oh Clare my
mister Oh seriously I take everything
seriously I take every little Oh meats
future don't dump it on me in the ring
tonight
Oh pork lamb at that time in Barstow oh
I want to know what's gonna happen again
memories
why don't you get cleaned up at the
girls room Clint okay
I hope the sink works in there yeah
careful and make sure to keep track of
your things okay thank you we'll meet
okay uh so at least we know Omid is
taking care of Clementine okay and
Krista okay our man yeah how is she
keeping up is she is she just gotten
over the fact that leaves dead now
hello porky hello is anyone here
oh no it's okay is anyone in the
bathroom Oh a toilet now I could go
poopoo good
no in here okay no one's here Clementine
it's all safe okay
you all good get cleaned up get yourself
cleaned up go sweet pea your gate Oh
what's the matter clip ah this point
Clem's not happy anymore she's just
become a sad depressed little girl cuz
all just to care about surviving she
even now has a gun okay my little yoke
lemmas all grown up okay I'll get clean
Clementine oh okay oh it's so sad you're
all clean later much better
Oh your water oh did you say shake that
it's where your dumb ass is it in the
the left hand store uh but oh there it
is okay just got the ball we know
there's no zombies so just grab the ball
okay she's okay
walkers oh no who's that
hold on this bitch bitch hi Clementine I
don't know this bloody bitch calm down
cried in the toilet
oh no is she gonna come check no no she
took mont√≥n Jeep my bloody gun is a
dumbass bitch
No oh no oh oh no I mean it's a woman no
no no no she heard she heard she heard I
see you out of there dumbass bitch
that's my gun who steals from a little
girl now bitch you got anything on you
no come on oh what's your name give me
what you got that's not the blood it is
mine okay my dad gave it to my dad just
give it to me no it's mine my dad gave
fair no I give my dumbass ha all right
this go pin shut up okay killer jump
come on I mean come on oh me anymore
Oh Marcy see why you ain't got nothing
good Killa Killa Kayla Kayla can speak
oh my god what they had all kinds of
this shit pillow battle to kill this dog
this year daddy battles Oh
this is good
I already know where yeah we are set for
a crazy rollercoaster of emotions man
I'm gonna catch all these characters we
were with Omid first like two seasons 16
months later that means she had our baby
I look clementines grown up now
and they just killed off on me Krista
talk to Ma Krista talk to me where's
your baby Oh where's the baby no no no -
did the bobbin to the baby don't tell me
the baby died
where's the baby googoo gah-gah googoo
gaga look at this it's pathetic so it's
just we all went to burn Oh more smoke
than flame um at this rate we'll be
eating this for breakfast
Oh what else can we do can we do burn
baby I don't know won't be easy in the
dark and in the rain you doing this not
me all the sisters that you can cook and
stay warm it's something you have to be
able to do Clementine oh it's true
otherwise you know you're not gonna
survive out that Clementine oh man so
baby don't she couldn't like what
happened to it did she give birth to it
what happened uh Omid wanted to teach me
Omid said that I know what a leaves it
oh man so it's been a year and a half
since I may die freezing oh this is bad
wait till we get up the Wellington then
call furnishes Wellington Wellington's a
long way from here Oh what I just need
to keep moving north oh okay so that's
the plan alright so we got a new plan
now alright so we ditch the boat plan of
season one because Kenny's now no longer
with us
so yes and now we got a plan to go north
oh hi miss Lee I'm sure you do Oh
Oh leave violet okay I'll keep it lit up
Oh Clement go inside oh man I miss Li
though honest to god though all right
likely was such a great character you
know and it's so sad that they killed
him off you know I like Li was my boy we
played as Li you know oh wait we got a
light the fire
wait what what's this in my bag oh it's
the picture that I drew of Kenny Duncan
and this wife they all died all the
memories that we have are I come a tiny
to keep this fire lit come on girl Chuck
some shit in there yeah that's right get
this lighter out wait are we gonna have
to burn the picture oh that's so sad oh
we are we're burning it or just to keep
the fire going man oh man all these
memories that are slowly fading away but
still not enough oh come on now we got
to get lit it's might burn I take this
log Chuck this log all right come on
hopefully that will burn come on now
yeah that's right I think it's working
girl
well we in this what's his dead cat can
you hear that oh no it sounds like
crystal go into some trouble you think
he's gonna be Raiders they just killed
on me don't tell me they're gonna kill
off someone else
no no Clementine hide all right come on
now you know what to do you know you
know what to do when you see see see
some people we just hide Oh nose almost
worried what's going on oh no bullshit
no lady no oh no oh no oh no guys
distract him oh god oh god blood run her
gunshots don't tell me they killed
Christophe do you think these guys
trouble they don't look like it they may
be the good guys and they just being
paranoid
another now maybe not that bad oh no
that bad okay it is my monster bat Oh No
okay go go go go
never tied myself
oh I'll go get it I kind of want to see
what happens
I wanted to see if they would show
Clementine dying because I found that to
be unrealistic but Wow okay so we now
know we play and I okay I'm saying
help me
oh my god oh my god damn she just rats
destructor delay
oh no don't I'm separating with crystal
what's gonna happen to man okay season
two is lit guys I'm not gonna lie on
alright we just stopped started this
bloody shit okay and season two's little
shit Almeida's dead
Krista's been separated with me I just
nearly drowned in a river by these
bloody creepy ass guys who just shot me
whoa man season 2 is hella lit man I
can't believe this story goes on for so
long though like do you think they're
gonna keep me interested for what like
four seasons this game has now man I
just want to see it conclude you know
what do we all want to happen by the end
of it I just want Clementine to be happy
and safe that's all I really want there
is no one on hold by myself
okay so what we get we have to grab the
stairs and go up okay are we gonna jump
oh I can't reach okay that's great okay
okay all right look at the go oh man
where we going
what's the plan now we'll separate from
everyone Krista I don't think Krista's
here okay let's check on this dead
Walker make sure it's dead okay we don't
want any Walker's chasing us okay
we got enough property to worry about
the one thing I feared clementine being
alone all by herself it's actually
happened I mean yeah she's grown up now
she's what she was she was eight before
or nine years old so now it's like two
years later so she's like 10 or 11 I
don't know what's going on guys I'm
scared oh don't do that
so what are we just not gonna are we
gonna meet new characters then cuz like
like pretty much everyone that we knew
from season one's dead now man what do
we do we need to we need to survive man
which Clementine has no gun now she has
no clothes need to get some clothes some
warm clothes oh man where do we go no
and if there's zombies here we're pretty
screwed we already know they're zombies
around quiz because we saw a dead Walker
oh hello oh no what is that is that talk
I think it's a dog looks like a dog woof
woof woof Oh II don't want don't worry
I'm not woke up I'm not walk up boy okay
are you a good boy is the wolf you don't
like that get off me doggie gonna
protect me okay all right so we got no
friends right now we got this double or
we got this dumbass dog okay so we wait
let's stick with the dog that's what I'm
thinking what you doing boy Oh just did
your own a dime
oh no okay the boy the boy saw something
would you find where you going it up
wait up I think is a good boy look at
him he's like
okay no Lee's dead Clementine calm down
snap out of it
donkey it's everything okay Oh what
happens if we find food I'm hungry
oh I bet the dogs hungry too
oh man I'm actually kind of scared of
this dog all right because when it comes
to food dogs like turn aggressive okay
you know especially like stray dogs you
know so yeah if we find some food you
think you'll go crazy at me I can see
that happening you know I've never
played season two before all right
so Oh owners all this world behind
somewhere oh this poor going there's a
flying disc here
can we play frisbee with a doggie that
would be hilarious oh boy
it was now get back
call bring it back boy is that okay my
dad I'll get on it it's my frisbee boy
good boy good boy
all right enough playing or I need to
find food shut up dumb dog Oh what do
you see hey boy what's the matter
scaring me doggy huh he's on the point
you think Oh bummer Dan all right woody
ba gonna attract some dumbass walkers
shut up you dumb dog you're a liar
believe all he sees a war car okay why
he's dead he's dead I don't think he's
dead I think I heard something
yeah you can see the bike oh look he's
not like you tried
all each I could call fits all that it
was all cuz we know well this dog scared
alright alright calm down we're gonna
take off take out the thing alright calm
down it's okay okay you're smart he's
not yeah we not not from Lee all of them
we learn that from Lee come on be
careful be careful be careful be careful
oh we have to do something alright grab
the branch from the floor okay come on
come on Clementine it's not using your
brain
come on three two I get it
they got Ronnie zingy we just have to
stay there you have to stay out of their
reach I took the words out of my mouth
I'm joking I read it before okay so I
think he's dead alright so now we can
grab the knife cool alright this is now
your weapon alright clementines learnt a
lot from for all the happen in season
one we won't go another night without
food okay yeah come on we're gonna find
some food tonight doggy alright I
promise you alright you think there's
anything in the cooler hopefully come on
Clem all right dig in the jackpot Oh
smelly disgusting
ah was it like rotten meat or something
I don't know but whatever it is it's not
good Janine's anything in the trash or
poor Clementine has to go through the
thrust stinky stinky this oh that looks
good my god oh oh we found something in
the trash oh no the dog is like food
guys like I said before they're not
trust this dog alright I mean dogs are
nice alright when they want to play
frisbee alright but when we're talking
about something to eat this dog hasn't
eaten in so long alright he's gonna he's
gonna fight me for this food I bet look
at it alright I know what dogs are
they're little shit sometimes okay
though all they care about is food okay
so be careful Clementine bad oh please
don't be bad Oh beans I love beans pink
ono doggie want some beans oh this poor
dog what do we do do we give him some
man
hey don't big yeah right shut up you
dumb dog okay I'll give you some food
give you whatever sucks yeah let me eat
first okay
I think if we give him food he'll
probably take all of it
look at him not doggies discipline okay
I knew it I called this shit from a
bloody mile away oh don't make me kill
the doggy no don't no no guys I can't I
can't bear to see this dog in pain poor
clementines all injured now man
and nothing can go right in this season
like someone told me season two's even
sadder than season one but season
someone was so sad but now I'm starting
to see what they men season two so sad
we just killed a dog on now she's
injured the Clementine you need to fix
that wound we know what's gonna happen
if you don't all right
you turned sick you are dead you are a
walker you are up Clementine just
walking all alone and she's crying now
it's just so sad she's it's just
hopeless she's lost everyone everyone
that she cared about she's lost
oh no Clem don't pass out oh no oh no oh
no Clem no don't pass out Oh sounds
going oh no he's gone she's all alone
anybody
oh no there's another one no ma'am you
need to wake up wake up
keep going please
you can do this you can do this every
day's just keep crawling keep going keep
going keep going keep going oh my god
just keep going way I want to see a die
welcome someone help me the sky only
found simple people and I think they
keep me keep us safe alright so we found
our next group of people with saved just
in time let's go alright these guys are
good now these guys are the good ones
alright I think it was about time we met
new characters okay
I couldn't imagine this whole season
without any characters it would be
pretty weird boring story okay so I knew
we were gonna find someone I think and
we found this big wave all right who are
you thank you for saving me but who the
hell are you
how BIG's your group what are you doing
out here what am i doing we're the the
people you're with I've got lost what
can I say the old dad's you made it this
long on your own I don't want them
thinking we're doing anything but trying
to help you my friend and I got attacked
yeah we did these folks mention what
they were after
oh thank you for a weasel damn that's
just the world we live in now they
didn't mention any names right they
weren't all hurt you for anybody Oh
searching what what secrets you're
hiding huh well okay all right fine now
we know something about this group I'm
Luke all right Lucas he's there oh hey
Pete
all right hey Luke Clementine I'm
Clementine like that like the orange you
look like you could use some ocean oh
she saw my boy oh no no no no no no it
was a dog it was a doll see any dog
Clementine I can show you
no no just look at it please just give
it and have you sink your teeth in a
Pete's neck no way my neck why am I the
one dog bite from a mosquito bite from a
lurker bite man oh it's not a boy
oh man see who's all going well until
they saw the bike
all right I think she already get there
I think if there's nothing there's
nothing that I could have done all right
to hell hey watch yourself yeah come on
hey don't look at me like that you're
late here okay all right I'm not good
with names guys so I'll try to my best
to remember their names that was Luke
and this is Pete Oh see it's a dollar so
much she says hard to tell well could be
a dog Martha say I wouldn't lie I killed
it
yeah have to kill it really a dog shows
up and bites you and you will kill it
you've done yeah I don't know it
attacked me
yeah don't don't kill dogs what do you
mean I didn't mean to he wanted food all
right I told him just wait dumbass dog
okay
you telling us the truth of course I
wouldn't ever put you guys in danger in
the eyes when you answer of course I am
all right Clementine that's good enough
for me come on say just tell your story
telling you dr. Lu yeah that's why you
can never make me a poker
you don't always beat me in all right
how can you be sure I'm sure I ain't
willing to leave a little girl in the
woods to die when we got a doctor with
us the can we go we can have Carlos take
a look at it take all I talked up just
wrap up the wound come on now ain't
gonna like this not with what have you
don't have to remind me of that boy Oh
what happened they come so many secrets
just feel group sorry sir that's right
respect Pete all right so we got me a
whole bunch of new characters I don't
care what my leave back I want my candy
back dope game where you feel it all
right all right
look at me tired well you better be fine
cuz I ain't carrying you anymore at that
bite on your arm oh they think I'm a
zombie oh man they don't know who to
trust now if you say sick you are
screwed my poor Clementine come on now
help her out
oh no the group they're not gonna like
me they're gonna think I'm a zombie oh
no they're gonna kill me they're gonna
kill me oh no everybody just calm down
for a second
Clementine you okay oh my general need a
doctor and then and then I'll go yeah
I'll just leave you then you don't want
me fine hey Soph let me take a look okay
it's the doctor doctor please I got a
dog bite come on now help me doc okay so
go ahead he's a doctor he's a doctor
go ahead Clem again okay come on now
show him your bikes whatever it was it
got you good it did dumbass dog this
isn't how we do things man well no bit
you get put down
end of story just help me and I'll go no
one's suggesting that we could take her
arm off whoa
the way my shift I know that worked for
a cousin down today no no no not right
there no no we know that because of me
please I'm just a little girl okay I
know you don't know for sure yeah yeah
come on Nick
Oh see hope the parent what I say oh
he's not a little girl this girl looks
like a immature little brat I don't mean
to be any trouble
yes want to stop the bleeding and then
I'll go yeah never see me again I
promise
just help me where exactly would you go
I don't know I don't have anyone but
clearly you don't want me you dumb all
shits I can take care of myself
yeah piece of shit and Clementi early
clearly she's a top we all agree we
don't wait for shit like this
end of story give a shit what you think
help me
just help me all I talked about it what
do you think well you think huh is it ok
fight like that could be anything
well that one way to find this believe
me wait whoa oh by tomorrow morning if
the fever set in
we'll know if she's gonna turn but
you're gonna help me Turner we can lock
her in the ship help kind of won't bust
what about my arm it needs to get
cleaned and stitched and bandaged yeah
the girl is impact shaped Carlos they
don't want to waste my inside the cap we
could probably get rowdy we yeah
Oh wasting supplies on a lurker fight
arms out you're telling the truth
cleaner to shut up for you in the
morning wow I've got no choice I need
these guys as house because it's the
best it's just gonna get infected I mean
I can wait a day but clementines in
trains on I ain't your son don't be like
that man yeah come on man
oh man this poor little if you saw a
little go man I mean I'd be careful but
come on let's go in the shed clamor Dan
Wow okay Oh clam she's all by herself
in this shed then again I'm all alone in
the shed but this sheds much nicer than
her shed there's a box here anything in
the box come on maybe some supplies to
help me oh yes if I have to I can use
this for stitches oh that's disgusting
oh no we can use a pocketknife on this
thing whoa are we gonna break out that'd
probably be bad actually don't do that
all there's a hammer up here Oh grab the
hammer got the hammer on no I'm too weak
reach for it Reese boy Oh God oh okay
I'm more hot now I am the house Oh Clem
oh did they hear that okay I guess I'm
gonna hammer this plank out all right I
guess that's the plan and now I stop it
yeah yeah okay maybe escaping it would
be a bad idea wait you think do you
think it's a good idea okay I don't know
but clementines doing it anyway so uh
yeah these guys gonna protect us but
yeah like I'm I was hungry before doctor
oh oh she wants to do it herself
Oh Clem oh is that a walker and we need
to be careful okay so that's the plan
then like clementines like screw it I'm
not waiting for the night all right
I need to like fix myself or I need to
be responsible so clementines gonna
decide to do it herself
okay that I could see them through the
window okay guys so if we can't move
with the front door all right
oh look there's an entrance down down
here all right use the hammer to take
off this pack
okay guys we need to get under the
bloody building he goes down below sneak
down below go through go through there
you go all right we're doing it we're
doing it easy sneaky sneaky okay
Clementine you're gonna be okay I
promise all right just just Oh house
meeting I'm going to be careful all
right come on Clementine open they're
way up onto the roof there we go
cue oh oh we broke it
oh no I needed that all right okay just
keep opening it come on Clem be very
careful be very sneaky oh are they
discussing whether whether to keep me
alive Oh what's this candles okay
sneaky sneaky be very careful Clem okay
guys we to go upstairs all right come on
sneak upstairs okay be very careful easy
easy no sudden movements
let's check through this door hello
uh-huh okay come on through all right do
we need to poo
wait this is an easel oh it's a needle
Oh
it's clean oh we're gonna do it we're
gonna we're gonna we're gonna saw myself
bucks still need some bandages Oh
something to keep it from getting
infected okay okay so you got need oh
and just need those two things now oh no
I think someone's coming
oh no someone's coming hide hide oh god
oh god oh god oh that was bad this is
good uh-oh she's pregnant
Oh easy keep hiding Clem oh man must be
so hard being pregnant in this bloody
let it be zombie apocalypse let it be
his she cheat she cheated on her husband
oh no she cheering a husband she said
let it be his did you hear that okay so
she slept with multiple managers even
know who the father is
coast is clear let's leave this bloody
shitty place okay come on now we need to
get our supplies hurry up Clem okay easy
let's check this next door easy hello
shit dumbass gun I'll kill you hi can
you please help me help me oh shit by a
dumbass dad help me just help me okay I
I weren't please help me help me
come on who raised you a dog bit me a
dog bit me oh yeah it does come on your
little girl like me I could die if I
don't take care of it
do you understand do you understand come
on now come on Sarah your demos my dad
says we're out of real bandages but I
know where to get something to clean it
now you're talking now you're talking oh
good oh good say oh you should ask your
name I'm Clementine yeah hello Sarah
nice to meet you alright can we hurry
this conversation up along I'm I'm kind
of bleeding out here okay just shut up
or help me I guess you're not only front
of you yes yeah we're friends yeah I
left Rania huh come on I'm dying hey
okay I promise
okay I promise all right I'll ride you
get your dumb ass pinkie-swear here take
my bloody pinky thank you alright she'd
ever give a shit this girl is too young
man clementines video a lot of shit all
right we've had lead I've had so much
shit going on on this go is just a
little girl she's been sheltered from
everything okay she needs to learn all
this shit that Clementine learn you know
how to take care of herself she's just
some dumbass girl doing pinky swears and
dumb all shit okay just give me the
shake I don't I'll go back to the shed
or something and do it you think we're
gonna get caught is that yeah we got
everything oh I still need bandages it
says all right let's check this door
maybe there's some bandages in here
hello
I just need anything I just need like a
like a blanket or just some piece of
clothing iron or something here we go
should help stop the bleeding guys we've
got some bandages okay guys me - go away
- go go go we can do this sneaky camera
down come on let's go come on Clem leave
Leave go go go go go go go guys we did
it
I thought we would get caught or
something I mean we kind of did bye
Sarah
bye Sarah was cool all right there we go
yeah we got all the shit that we needed
but no one's thinking about what's gonna
happen next
like we got some hydrogen peroxide some
dr. oz bandages okay
and what this metal wire that we're
gonna use the thread Oz got the the
stitching on this is gonna be disgusting
oh god but clementines gonna do it oh my
god last time okay Krista shootin Krista
showed me okay come on we can do this oh
god oh god no no no no no no no no no
please please please oh god oh god oh
god come on push it through push it
through Oh
oh okay it's okay it's okay okay we're
gonna do it again we're gonna do it
again oh no oh it's gonna hurt it's
gonna hurt it's gonna hurt oh god oh god
how is she doing this man this would be
this must be so much pain just one more
time disgusting how is Clemens turned
into such a strong girl she was a little
girl in the season one now she's out
here doing adult things
you know stitching herself up to survive
look how mature she is to do something
like that man oh my goodness so now we
got to put the hide hydrogen peroxide on
right oh this is gonna sting this with
an open wound you have no idea oh my god
oh my gosh I'm good I'm fine
oh no a hammering hammering hammering
you can take town Clementine alright no
one's gonna take me down Wow I survived
how the hell didn't get in here
still not bitten yeah I never was never
was you left me out here to die
Oh dad you dumb she passed yourself up
oh did you get that stuff Oh yo for Mom
oh you left me no choice
yeah you kind of did though left relax
Rebecca I was injured bring her in and
I'll take a look at her arm oh okay
sneaking around here we better get
inside
yeah careful hungry of course I'm hungry
this might hurt a little
Oh God al al how she looked
they're suturing skills need some work
Oh
otherwise I say she should be fine yes
myself that wasn't for lurker bite know
if it was the fever would have already
set in and her temperature would be
through the roof exactly so shut your
mouth yet nah okay all right I'm all
patched up now so the question is am I
gonna stay with this group in it and the
answer is yes you know cuz I got no
other choice you wouldn't have done what
you did shut the hell up I'll kill you I
was hot I was open and you were just
sick well we considered you a threat I
don't give a shit for me to go shut up
I'll kill you I'm not we put you on that
shit out of concern for the safety of
our loved ones and then you escaped your
might have my daughter to steal from us
whoa
but we're best friends we pinky swore
there are a few things you need to know
my daughter I'm gonna shit my your
dumbass door he isn't like you you may
not get that initially but once you're
around her for a while
yeah she's a little girl I know I know
how bad the world is oh really like out
there young you are doing a bad job
function you should not sell to your
daughter my little girl now she's all I
have left
oh I would ask that you stay away he's
just upset because his wife died
probably she needs to grow up sometimes
she does not know what she can do
Rebecca was worried you might be working
with someone else that you're seeing
here was no accident
well I guess we'll find out what but one
thing I know why maybe then you are not
to be trusted
shut up call us okay kill your daughter
okay all sweaty you stay away from my
daughter stay away from my daughter
yeah brought you some food if you're
hungry oh I'm hungry
all right Chinese food oh I love Chinese
food all right I was gonna I was eating
beans earlier and now look at me that's
gonna leave one hell of a scar shut up
better than losing it yeah say that
again scars they're way cooler than
stones huh
yeah pretty good pretty true okay yeah
oh nothing I just had a friend who lost
his arm once
oh yeah Lee poorly oh man I just wanna
say I'm apologizing for being a dick
okay that's good that's kind of aggro he
didn't have to do that was definitely
not cool okay Nick's been known to go
off every once in a while but if hold it
against him but he does that whatever a
moment okay we had a bad experience once
so we all out man we all have okay
definitely ball had bad experiment Nick
lost his mom oh we took care of someone
who got there
Oh who's my fault it was no one's fault
we thought we could control it oh good
and then she turned and his mom was
standing right there and she got
attacked
oh that's something to do about his mom
died bad things have happened to
everyone yeah we're just gonna survive
you know we gotta get through this
together
okay we are all in it together now
whether a family or not we gotta just we
gotta just so do it since you're pretty
much on your own yeah it's your plan
what's the plan Wow good good question
I'm thinking about moving on yeah well
you're welcome to stay here if you want
oh you let yourself heal up take some
time to sort things
don't mind if I do I hate dinner oh but
I'm out there stand and watch and I
can't help but notice this place is lit
up like a goddamn beacon in the middle
of the woods it's time to turn in
anyways sure winks while you can because
we're going fishing at first light
fishing all right so with this new group
now okay amazing all right this guy's
cool what was his name Pete yeah okay
they gave me food that banished me up
you know some people are you know quite
nervous about this entire you know I
wouldn't be comfortable if I were you I
know about the baby
Luke invited me to stay good for him
it's not how things work around here
and you're wearing out you tell her
about baby now go drain up oh I should
have asked who the baby was I think she
wouldn't have told me she wouldn't have
seen yeah okay I don't think she would
have like saw that as me knowing that
she doesn't even know who the baby whose
baby is it okay so it's just like a
whole whole mission of just setting up
like the whole season you know how you
holding up
I heard you got an earful from Rebecca
last night yeah what's with our problem
man was a bitch okay what's her problem
yeah yeah she's got a lot on her mind
lately I'll give a shit ringing a baby
into a world like this okay my baby
monk my wife's a killer baby how far are
these fish traps it ain't much for honor
okay we're going fishing I love fishing
Hey Oh why didn't you wait no I was
standing around while you piss on a tree
you know
or the river is know where the river is
boy you always giving me a hard time
because you're always giving everyone
else so hard oh ok these guys are doing
now for some reason okay can you guys
shut up
all right just shut up it's fine he
apologized right just shut up yeah he
apologized trying to embarrass me you're
doing a good enough job of that all
right just calm down guys I just came in
to come fishing shut out Jesus Jesus
Mary and Joseph who is this oh these are
guys not know who are these are these
are people that were off to me I can't
remember man full a whole something
there's people round here right not sure
yet but it ain't your average gang of
thugs that much I know
yeah they just killed these guys think
about it your Carver what do you do
who's Carver cava whose car bomb be
careful okay so the sons I'd called
Carver now they've introduced a villain
into the series that looks like it would
you see kind of time oh oh there's a car
more out there there's more than wasn't
no rinky-dink piece of rinky-dink people
as much was it fubar
fubar you going we need to get the fuck
out of here yes gotta check the rest
yeah check the rest in case they're all
bad calm down and think about it down
what if someone's alive well someone's
alive check it out just be inclined to
tell us who did this yeah we gotta do
this now do it I think I should do it
keep searching these keep searching I
just stay calm idea calm down okay it's
okay
oh my back I took this body and I found
my bag wait my bag was with Omid hmm
it's the guys it's the guys that tried
to rob me oh man oh man oh man oh man
what happened II need to find out who
happened to did this yeah where's Krista
woman I was with what happened to her
what happened to Krista
please help me please tell me tell me
come on come on tell me what what water
no heating my warp it's off Pete come
here come happening
oh please calm down okay I'm fine all
right fine
just lost my footing this one's alive -
oh we got bait he got bit he got there
oh no now everything's going in this
chair for you oh god I gotta make a
choice Oh boys I have this guy cuz he's
the dumb all he can look after himself a
bus his bit who cares about Pete
he's big now he's dead go go go go go go
go help him help him
Oh God - give me a gun
I like are you gonna end there like that
come mom bra next oh they're gonna give
us a preview of next time yeah I gonna
do
we're do all we gonna do what happened
what happened what happened while in
Lapland this guy's drinking someone's
outside oh shit man someone's going on
this girl who what we did the fall dogs
who is it who one of the guys we were
with before what's he gonna do what so
much is going on about this group
between now learning all the shit or
less secrets all that dug these secrets
I can't keep going oh that's a hospital
because about for five more days to
reach those mountains Oh Rob nobody just
relax and put the gun down the gun down
man Oh clever tie and stepping up yeah
it's Clementine
I thought you were dead who could that
be
Krista think I did most of what everyone
did except for I gave the dying man
water and I saved Nick instead of Pete
you know but Pete was gonna die anyway
so who gives a shit okay man I enjoyed
season two so much you know like it is a
completely different story but obviously
like we still got Clementine you know
and we got to find out what happens to
Clementine you know and I think that's
that's how they moved like onto the the
series you know they they just took
Clementine and just focus on her and her
story okay
but yeah I'm excited to complete the
season - I think season 2 and season 1
are the best seasons so yeah I have
never play season 2 before I'm so
excited to complete it so guys it's
serious this video reaches 30,000 likes
I'm gonna upload the next episode I am
so excited to complete this and I'm so
happy and glad you guys are jumping on
board and like watching it with me okay
it's so much fun to spend like an hour
like with you guys you know and just
having time to sort of just there you
know just chill out and let you know
relax you know just just just play a
game you know and have fun with it you
know I miss it
I miss doing Let's Plays and I have so
much fun doing it you know so thank you
for showing me amazing support and
watching this series okay all throughout
season one now and now we're gonna start
season two and it's gonna be a big one
but I'm so excited guys thank you so
much for watching and I will see you in
the next episode see you later guys I
love you back
