look Milo everyone how is the road doing
in this measure selfie today we are
gonna be doing a dirty mind quiz we can
guess how dirty your mind really is no
you bloody can't okay I have a bloody
clean mind I'm telling that right now so
today we're gonna be taking a quiz to
see how dirty our mind is it's basically
just reacting to a bunch of pictures
which look like one thing when they're
actually another thing for example what
do you see first here now a clean person
like me
we'll just see spider-man okay just
looks like regular spider-man to me
spider-man
what if you were a dirty old shit you
would see that spider-man that's a pair
of keys in his bloody eyes okay it's not
opens bloody spider-man
it's a bloody brawl did you see the pair
of titties if you did you got a bloody
dirty mind
okay whoa my goodness what this shit
look look she's probably naked
she's wait wait hang a second wait wait
wait wait wait she ain't naked look this
is her arm and that's the other arm
she's just leaning on her shoulder Jesus
Christ that was scared the hell out of
me okay I thought this bloody girl was
bloody making at this party what's the
first thing you've seen this picture
well I thought she was a girl with no
clothes on but I realized she's just on
her arm video I can't bloody put this
video on YouTube wait wait wait wait
hang on a second that's not her bloody
bomb bomb if you look closely it's the
girls just UMP it but it's over there so
it looks like her ass is hanging out but
horse ain't hanging out okay what about
this one well I thought it was a girl
with no pants on because I saw her ass
but no it's just some girls getting
ready okay because you know what
oh wait wait hang a second wait wait
wait no no no it's not it's if you look
closely this is a pig and it's a small
pig and these must be like two other big
pigs so yeah it's just three pigs okay
but jeez okay I kind of thought it was
something else
disgusting old bitches okay wait wait
wait hang on a second wait hang on a
second this is a seat if you look
closely grinding is just sitting on a
chair and the back of the chair looks
like this okay okay we just see a girl
riding a bike I mean there's nothing
wrong with that if this girl's got a
willy but I don't expect it to be
flopping around everywhere when she's
gone for a bloody a bicycle ride wait
wait wait hang on a second guys false
alarm it isn't actually her willy she's
actually just sitting on the bike and
the seats hanging out between her legs
so it looks like a willy from this angle
but no it's just a regular girl I mean
she could have a willy I don't know so
it's just a girl riding a bicycle okay
okay we see a guy lifting up and go oh
wait hang a second no no no no no no the
the slide on the park is the same color
as his shorts so it looked like he was a
big sight to be carrying this girl well
you know what he's just picking her up
okay we see a bunch of ugly kids just
pulling funny faces okay everything
looks normal oh wait wait no no false
alarm again no that that's just that
guy's thumb the way he's holding the
drink yeah it kind of looked like you
know the base of the of his hand was his
balls and you know let's just move on
okay it's just a guy holding a drink
okay what no what's going on it but I
think I like it
our fists going up where would I don't
know sound what's going on what the wave
is going on I still don't know what's
happening right now so she has a hand
but it's going fist here but it's her
arms over here I have no idea what's
going on this picture actually can one
of you explain it in the comments
because I have no idea I'm gonna say
that they're participating in some
strange behavior because it does look
kind of weird I'm not alike I just see a
lamp wait what woman's legs I can't see
no woman's legs I can't I can't see any
woman's legs all I see is a lamp
do I understand okay well that's just
dumb I just see a lamp how's this bold
men or boobs
isn't this fruit this unsee bald men or
boobs
I see like was this two mangoes I'll
just say boobs because it has a smiley
face always calculating my score it's
Kylie my score in these pictures oh I
see okay I'm not a baby daddy boy I'm
90% innocent look at me being a very
good good boy okay I found another quiz
are you according to what you think
thirst
listen quiz I'm an innocent little boy
okay let's just take your shitty quiz no
no it's not a bum it's it's two couches
which have been pushed together oh
bloody boobie what even is this that I'm
looking at right now I mean I know it's
not anything dirty because it wouldn't
be in the dirty quiz but they don't even
tell us what it is what what is this I
don't know what I'm looking at does
anyone know what we're looking at right
now Oh Harry bloody Willy oh no it's a
little doggy
that's totally innocent I'm totally
innocent come on now oh my what up okay
Jesus
okay I panicked for a second but it's
okay it's just a woman and her dirty-ass
feet this is just a pair of boobs
there it is what this is just a pair of
boobs
oh okay it looks like a tongue licking
something but no it's actually a hot dog
at the bottom and a pepper on the top
okay well they didn't even tell us what
it is so how much does the no what the
hell is even is okay is this a fruit I
think this is like a carrot or something
well why is it like a bun though we saw
this I don't see no bloody dirty ass
legs okay not okay well this is they
store the same shit okay I'm innocent I
know I'm bloody innocent okay I found
the last quiz now how dirty minded are
you what did you see in these innocent
images shut up you stupid old it's a
carrot but it grew into two and it kind
of looks like a carrot you know a hiding
it's its private parts oh that's kind of
cute I just see a bunch of carrots okay
I don't see anything else
okay well this pepper looks looks like
it's grown a little but more than a shut
off but yeah I mean a scream it's
Wolverine on a balloon but they put the
balloon sucky thing right where his
sucky thing is these are just two plums
okay come on now all right this is they
just show me weird shaped fruit in this
dumb quiz aren't ly those plums better
be married
who wrote this dumbass quiz stupid
people what's your reaction to this
orange oh I just looks like a normal
orange to me I don't know why you're
asking me what that what is this Dora
the Explorer toy what even is this toy
is this a toy where she bubbles up and
down okay well I mean it's kind of
shaped like a bloody dingdong oh okay so
these look like a pair of boobs but it's
not it's like a texture but there's been
a rip in the middle so and it curves so
it kind of looks like some boobs it's
just a piece of folded paper come on now
ain't dirty and then we got a strawberry
I it's a strawberry can half I don't say
anything
okay it's just a strawberry calculating
result we're gonna be oh no you're fun
free comfortable with yourself and
dirty-minded in the best way possible
shut up bitch okay i'ma bleep
dirty-minded okay for the cleanest mind
the whole of the bloody YouTube whoooaaa
oh bloody hands do not bloody French
thing hello oh wait no oh no everyone
calm down everyone calm down false alarm
false alarm if you look closely guys her
hand isn't in her friends bloody hoo-ha
okay she has her legs crossed and her
own hand is in between her leg I mean
this just looks like a kebab to me I
don't know what it's meant to look like
for anyone else I just see her come out
but I've no idea what you guys are
talking about prayers that change things
it's a book cover with prayers on it and
that guy's just praying I mean that's
all I see what the hell is this it's Mao
answer
I love these now ones or what what's
what's dirty about it is it meant to be
the the cartoons love you err poo okay
you're so amazing I don't understand
what's so dirty about this
it's just Mowlem now mom's amazing by
the way so we got the squirting shower
shower spray and the woman's I'm gonna
shower I don't understand this is just a
budget you were speech lots I don't
understand how this is dirty I mean it
kind of looks like beads Oh
for use after a hard slide into second
base what a second base mean oh it's a
statue of a brother helping his sister
out to get some water at the water
fountain okay this so cute that's the
coolest thing ever I don't see anything
dirty about this how could anyone make
this dirty okay
and definitely not me I don't get it
it's just some stairs but uh oh okay
alright alright okay it kind of looks
like willies okay come on now alright
how much are all you come on now what
the hell
the shit our way oh wait okay false
alarm again okay it's not her leg her
leg is over here
this leg it belongs to this guy this
guy's just taking a regular picture but
then on the side we've got an
advertisement on this billboard but this
guy's conveniently standing so it looks
like you know she's drinking his bloody
dingdong the shop sign says a nail
oh okay if you kind of read it fast it
kind of says anal and last picture is an
aspiring Bible quote whatever your hand
finds to do do it with all your might
anyway guys I think that's a good
opportunity to end the video there that
was me taking a dirty mind quiz yeah in
conclusion I I think I'm quite clean
okay I'm a good boy
all right okay leave a like if you
enjoyed 10,000 likes that would be
awesome okay guys I don't know
