hey guys it's better selfie and today
are we are gonna be reacting to some
awkward videos sorry did you feel
awkward watching that okay well yeah
let's just watch some more good videos
okay oh no not this no know what guys no
not just clear my name is jesse wellens
and i am a YouTube creator okay so hello
Jesse I am here to talk about Need for
Speed okay payback okay if you guys
didn't know Need for Speed payback is
I'm but yes very good
but I also decide I mean YouTube creator
payback coming out yet
I got my boy Marcus executive producer
hey say the name is the producer in the
game hello hey man thanks Jesse oh my
goodness what freaked me out about this
is that I'm going to e3 this year and
I'm gonna be on a livestream for a video
game and that's like my biggest fear
choking in the middle of a livestream
that's what I love about YouTube videos
this is why I don't want to be a
streamer with YouTube videos if I say
something bad I could just cut it from
the video hey guys I hate white but the
thing about live streams is that it's
all life
okay oh my goodness if this happens to
me I'm gonna cringe so much poor Jesse
though man poor guy okay so we've got a
girl with a punch bag okay she fails
alright why is this awkward
why 71 we go yeah okay haha okay okay
never mind
oh it's never game that's so sad ah poor
guy man who would go up to someone with
a high-five when their back is turned to
you what were you expecting
okay it's this guy's birthday here we go
light the candles okay pretty awkward
you know I just burned his face off in
it on his birthday didn't his special
day of the year and he just fired his
face world's most painful goodbye oh no
he likes her doesn't he he wants a kiss
from her as long as I hug him because
wanna kiss you then don't buddy going
for a kiss okay stop embarrassing
yourself all right it's not the end of
the world that one goes want to kiss you
the greatest sporting event the country
has ever seen
okay I spent the other bills on Noreen
don't tell me she know her parents here
her pair
perhaps the proudest of all and this
25,000 proud of a moment an awful moment
smokers where you going into flame and
she now
runs around the track the flame
extinguished or why is there running oh
my goodness did that actually happen on
the Olympics I had no idea that ever
happened do you know how far that torch
has traveled its traveled throughout the
whole country and then literally ride
the end she drops it what an idiot
catching his fish okay I'm her chairman
of the Jimmy Fund Mike Andrews all right
this guy's starting a bull right Jordan
fire it in there
fire it in Oh know what's gonna happen
Zeke enough no wait you're gonna that
was painful to watch oh my god that poor
guy you guys have no idea how and in
accordance with God's will you do now
confession okay this guy's getting
married we're so good please sirs leave
oh please anywhere other than here is he
talking to the camera man this is a
solemn assembly not a photography I will
stop the ceremony if you do not get out
of the way what they pay for them to be
there who's like oh man what do we say
this is not about the photography this
is about God fuck okay
okay that was just awkward all right
that priest just ruined their ceremony
okay I was kind of awkward oh okay
another two people getting married are
they're releasing the dogs on
oh no they released it but that's all
right everyone's just in disbelief okay
those dolls represent your love if that
dove just died
wouldn't that be a sign you should guys
shouldn't get married or something you
have to get up on the wall - just walk
right up oh that's all right this is
tell you something okay so really okay
but it is very safe operation yeah I'm
sure I'm sure it is safe to operate okay
yeah I'm sure they sold a million a
million items the the second that
happened oh he's gonna scare someone
okay she was meant to scare its
girlfriend and she scared some random
woman are they looking up Faison
I believe as the japanese-american
confinement sites grants program which
were funded in 2017 well we see a fund
that again in 2018 okay what is this
okuni show up oh I think it's still Ohio
goes but that's okay
oh is that pateros where the way do they
say the wrong thing I think konichiwa
means good afternoon and Ohio Go Go my
sir means a good morning or something I
don't know okuni schewe look at this
cows face in the corner I have you ever
played mmm
have you ever played halo 3 hey have you
it's one of the biggest hmm I have kids
okay
okay no halo three but I would like if
we're mission to see you a little bit of
it if that's all right sing you buddy
her face she was like why is this random
guys singing me a video game soundtrack
I am the plant it will not be Westerman
Schultz by you ma'am I will not be
westerman Schultz what's going on in
this debate
oh god just leave Oh God come on Carol
okay she was in like a debate and you
didn't want to leave hi how you doing
today then every year Oh drive rate
order when you're ready oh he's cool
doing me a favor real quick okay are you
cool doing me a favor real quick okay
I'm just gonna say hey I came for those
free fries and can you say got you bro
okay oh you can't do that and can't do
it all right
no no no I'm not really here on honey
fries I'm gonna pay I just need to just
say gotcha bro no it's a bit oh I'm sure
it's a bit but John I think he wants to
do it all right well anyway let me get
three fries guy probably just wants to
get on with his day and he's just
bothering him ask him to just repeat
shit just for your entertainment okay so
it's Blizzcon and that's just jumping
around on stage no way is he allowed on
stage or oh okay you fell oh he got back
up again all right it's not that look
good because he's doing this why is he
jumping around stage I don't understand
what's he doing with this kind of music
- and he just fell again for an idiot oh
he tapped out
all right okay that's a hard car rockin
yes
all right we need some help with a
medication we need we have a broken leg
who is like on stage oh that's so
embarrassing just by jumping around like
an idiot oh it's the changing of the
world God in England Oh No
are they gonna mess up or anything
oh god that's embarrassing oh no no it's
the sign there for hours well he just
knew that he just fell over like that
okay guys we get it I fell over you can
start looking at me now okay oh god damn
it this is awkward
okay we got a football team Oh they've
taken a monster oh god this is the worst
injury team Emma they just drew on the
side so confused right now let's just
think about the violence being produced
every day everything you watch just
place yourself in the face he's talking
about violence okay okay it's some guy
dressed as the Joker trying to do a
Joker laughs okay is that the
awkwardness I don't understand what are
you doing video make it a video yeah one
page Facebook how do you explain that
oh my god imagine you're doing a funny
video and you got face paint on you and
then one of your friends I'm guessing
this guy's in college or something and
he's sharing a room he just comes in
not to trying to explain now okay the
Joker's awesome get off it you ain't
even close to looking like him do it's
gotta be wiping the face bro of course
not I don't want to put the white stuff
on I have to wait a half an hour for it
to drive we're close this is so awkward
can you did you poor guy
oh my goodness alright that was I was
even awkward for me to watch you know
and I make these dummies shoot videos
every day you know Jesus Christ the left
side is ready I mean he gets no bigger
than this okay it's almost time you see
the stars I'm filling up as the band is
coming here the lights are getting
brighter I mean what more do you want
but it's getting ready to happen that's
right the 58th annual Grammy Awards okay
that's kind of embarrassing yeah must be
hard to host a TV show like that to be
honest
okay so banner dengan if you want a beer
- that's okay is this a urinal fleeca
scam class okay I think this is dots or
something okay this guy finish pings
yeah what why do you pick that up oh he
just picked up a urinal cake oh well
that's that's that's - wash your hands
okay guys I'm the end the video there
that was me watching awkward videos I'm
Nicole I they were very awkward okay
especially since I was recording them
because I'm an awkward kind of guy -
anyway I think I'm going to end the
video before this video gets a little
bit too awkward thank you guys so much
for watching I'll see in the next video
buh-bye
