hey guys this mess yourself there and
today we are not making a video that I
usually make I hate making videos like
this I'm not gonna lie guys
I like making funny dumb stupid videos
okay I don't like being serious but I've
been wanting to make this video for so
long so today we're finally doing it I
wanted to make a youtube video basically
telling you what I really think of
YouTube and that thing is is that I love
it I want every single person right now
watching to know how important you are
to me no matter what is going on with my
life coming on YouTube and making videos
it brings me a certain happiness which
literally nothing on this earth can
replicate I sort of see my youtube
channel like my child which I've raised
and I've had this child not knowing what
this child's gonna be when it grows up
but like right now I couldn't be a
happier father when I was in school I
loved making my friends laugh okay and
ever since then really I knew like I
wanted to be an entertainer when I grew
up because when people laughed at my
jokes it made me feel special it made me
feel like and good at something that
feeling of making people laugh making
people happy is something that I've held
onto for so long and going from making a
couple of my friends laugh at school to
now entertaining millions every single
day it's something that I still really
haven't wrapped my mind around the
culture of YouTube has like changed so
much ever since I first started it's all
about like how many views do you get how
many subscribers have you got my
statistics are better than your
statistics and therefore that makes me a
more important person than you but to be
totally honest I do not give a
about any of that I don't care about the
quote unquote fame you get with YouTube
I don't care about the money I still
live with my
parents I don't drive a fancy car okay I
literally couldn't care about the money
the only thing I genuinely really care
about is entertaining you guys for as
long as I can
I feel like youtubers forget what a view
on YouTube actually means it's not just
a number on your screen it's someone
physically there physically letting you
into their lives sharing a part of their
day with you and like that blows my mind
you I am a part of your life that's
something that you've chosen to do like
right like for example right now you are
watching this video you don't have to be
here you are spending time out of your
day just to hear what I have to say
about you know how I'm feeling and my
dumb YouTube thoughts just knowing that
right now
you are watching this video like that
that is my motivation there was only one
thing that I wanted as a kid and that
was to be able to entertain people okay
and I actually really wanted to be a
comedian but I was a very shy and
awkward person but to be totally honest
YouTube was the thing that helped me
overcome that YouTube helped me to talk
to people I could barely hold a
conversation in the past but like the
practice that I got with YouTube allowed
me to become a way way more confident
person YouTube allowed me to become the
person that I wanted to be the funny
confident fun happy person that I wanted
to be YouTube allowed me to become that
person recording videos and basically
just talking to myself in front of a
camera alone in my bedroom allowed me to
build up that confidence which I did not
have depression depression is something
that I hear about a lot actually the
reason why I actually said like let's do
it let's make this video is because of
Cory X Kenshin alright great role model
okay I aspire to be like that guys
such a nice guy the reason why I'm even
mentioning it is because I get so many
heartfelt comments of you guys telling
me your daily struggles your daily
battles and if I was there I empathize
with you I wish I could just sit you
down and tell you everything is going to
be okay life is so hard man life is like
a fight and you can't let life win that
fight you've got to fight back you've
got to fight for your life and fight for
your happiness I too have been depressed
I know what it's like to not be happy I
know what it's like to not want to live
the lowest point in my life was about
four years ago it was about a year into
me doing YouTube and I remember I wanted
to do YouTube full-time but my family
was against it and they just didn't see
it as like a real thing and they didn't
believe in me which was hard for me
because it's something that I wanted to
do so much and having someone tell me
that you can't do something that you
want to do it was it was basically me
just asking myself on a regular basis
what is the point in living when I can't
live to do what I want to do and it was
hard but I stuck through it I did my
exams I finished my exams and the second
that I was free I went hard on YouTube I
knew that this is something that I've
won I've never wanted something so much
and I put everything into this YouTube
channel in the hopes that it would work
because that that's how badly I wanted
it I knew my life wasn't going to change
unless I did something about it I just
don't want any of you guys to be sad and
upset about anything like I remember
being like a 13 year old boy coming home
from school and literally the first
thing that I would do is put on YouTube
and watch my favorite youtubers and
those people that I shed
my day with you know it was a highlight
of my day it was something that made me
forget about my troubles and just zone
out and just have a laugh for a little
while and fast forward to now that I'm
23 I have that responsibility now
something that I used to what I used to
watch youtubers and how happy they used
to make me and now I feel like I have
that responsibility now I've made like
so many sacrifices in order to make
YouTube work I've lost friends I've lost
girlfriends I've distanced myself with
people I don't have a social life
anymore and I sacrifice all that because
you are worth it knowing that I am
having a positive impact on your life
even if it is for ten minutes it's
something that I take very seriously and
it's something that like I wouldn't
change for anything what I'm basically
saying in this video is that I love you
guys and you guys have changed my life
more than you will ever know and knowing
that I have an impact on your life is
something that's my real true motivation
which I feel like some youtubers forget
you know it's not just all about me and
how I feel I feel like you are more
important than me and I don't want to
stop making videos ever because you know
it's it just makes me so happy and yeah
just thank you for everything basically
okay okay I think I have said what I
want to say sorry for all the subpoenas
alright but I was just thinking about it
and this is a video that I've been
wanting to make for so long and I was
thinking is this something that I should
be keeping to myself or is it something
that I should share with you guys how I
really feel about life and YouTube and
everything and you know I want to open
up more and you know
be a bit more connected with you guys
and not just be this you know video
making machine which I honestly do feel
like I am sometimes but no the feeling
that I had when I first started is very
much still there you know and this video
is gonna hopefully remind me of why I'm
even doing YouTube you know on those
dark days or I feel you know that oh
maybe I shouldn't be doing something
else
YouTube is taking too much of my life
away I just want to remind myself that
like I'm doing amazing things with my
life and it's not just about me it's
about the millions of people with me I'm
not alone you guys are here and yeah I
have no reason to to be ungrateful I'm
so happy and so grateful and yeah that's
pretty much it
okay I'm gonna end the video here but
yeah thank you for listening thank you
for everything I can't say thank you
enough so yeah I'm gonna go back to
recording more YouTube videos because
you know you guys need a video for
tomorrow
but yeah I'm gonna go thank you for so
much for everything
stay strong out there guys love you bye
