hello everyone how was the one doing it
is master selfie today we are going to
be reacting to the important videos
playlist now if you guys are sad losers
like me at some point you must have come
across this playlist okay it's been
viewed like millions of times it's been
viewed 27 million times okay this
playlist is always popping up okay and
it just has some random videos so yeah
I've never actually gone through this
playlist and now I just keep singing
recommended to me but let's watch it
this is the fun little bit there's
almost dead of me I almost forgot to
watch the playlist today mm people think
I'm funny I know the comments are just
saying ye a bunch of times yeah yeah we
get it
yellow food
all right
again
it's the most wonderful time with the
right prop and make it an entertaining
shot so we're gonna take Jake you know
Sara don't hand whoa hey I didn't dog
the shot there's a gone helium it was
just some fuck you just running in
destroy the camera war is that shit oh
yeah
what's up slap it with spaghetti
what is this amazing drama
why is your spaghetti on then okay
what's happening oh okay aircraft
manufacturers have tried to fix that
problem by designing the pilot out of
the cockpit egg this is the first fully
automated plane wall flown by a computer
wait a second okay I don't think that
audio was the same as the video okay oh
I've seen this oh no no oh my goodness
why were you biking that why why was
that hobo looks like just sitting that
what was he doing I tried just one
chillin that set my mouth's on fire and
I had to drink at a later Mountain day I
tried this one goddamn jillion goddamn
it was so goddamn hot that had to drink
two liters of intellectual Eric prides
himself on being a connoisseur of arts
and creativity from gravestones to
ballet
I think I'm well-read I think I'm well
spoken I think I'm well above average it
is important to me to carry myself in a
manner where people are going to say you
know what he knows what he's doing
my name's Scott Bradford okay I'm 1920
December oh my god is Nicole
what's the most important thing a woman
just so
is the soul how inspirational from that
guy people do that with their mouths are
so ridiculous is penny penny penny penny
what shall not be amazing
she's hiding
Wow okay well that's Big Bang Theory a
nutshell that oh okay oh yeah that goes
dead she's dead I'm pretty sure she's
dead right now
what are you doing that computer go
outside so beautiful
okay you are them everyone cross slide
right now
if that was you on the phone and you are
the bosses flickering on lies Nosferatu
no it's okay the election 2013 okay so
this is an audition for some woman
Michelle oh I come from a background of
diversity an international family okay
man I grew up here in Edmonton the city
of Champions okay and do you guys
remember that saying he shoots he scores
yeah yeah that's how far back our family
cook ties Oh
long to in the city oh my dad was one of
the first pioneers oh okay she was
auditioning for an election that's so
awkward I was was awkward video to watch
ever benefit can you type something on
the computer just so it looks like you
know that you're working and it didn't
even press down oh I've seen this but I
haven't seen the original accident hey
what's up man hi yeah how the body right
what there's this guy he's with his
girlfriend he's trying to go do
something that she'd want to do so as
you do about what guys won't but my
friend here who didn't do it you're not
doing is part of the problem
wait what illegal site hey I'm gonna say
Oh
you know it's illegal
download copyrighted music I'm taking
you with pay for music never legally
download ok well that's it I'm scared
I'm scared guys right now ok
I downloaded a bad song and people gonna
be busting through my door it started
raining avocados and my avocados it was
this man barking up the wrong tree I
thought I'd get the hell out of my tree
so I'm gonna pick your avocados old man
what are you gonna do about it what
would prompt you to do something so
stupid sir
for one reason and that's whack Amole ok
come on now you can't blame me ok block
up moley
Linda Carson ABC 7 would you not eat my
pants
the feeling you work in accountancy yes
ok can you write your name on this card
please oh it's a magic trick mine psyche
all turn around
wow you know this fans say you know the
movie is a little bizarre there are some
deep plot lines but The Matrix fans say
it's going to be great some people who
saw sneak Creek said sneak peek said
they loved it and really we had a little
fun with this tonight okay they talked
about the matrix the movie The Matrix
Reloaded promises out-of-this-world
special came out nicely awaiting the
sequel some Atlanta fans are a little
out of this world
Nigel a runner no pointer runner Stevens
agent Simon Freeman 7:13 I wonder what
it says what's first from a long time
golly oh all y'all can go suck a cala
pillow dick okay we got a bus coming
down the road is that a halfpipe people
just watching that was real no way that
was real no way that was real
no that looked like it was from a movie
like set or something oh I have no idea
what happened guys do you know how this
fire started oh yes I do
it was because of my cousin and I don't
because it your partner yes her cousin
what the hell did you think your cousin
started this table you know how old whoa
he's mad because he could he can't get
with me I'm married for my husband wait
what and it's a long story
just make it short she Spencer was his
cousin and he's mad they could get with
her okay all right well typical redneck
stuff you know wild Nick and it imagine
to have a trip yeah babe so quite
expensive sometimes poor guy okay oh
they broke the lens
oh no way they broke it that's so sad
poor guy was so upset oh okay he takes a
shot okay oh oh what's going in let's go
okay
some guy filling is filling a glass of
water
okay Oh No what's gonna happen Oh
okay guys I think I've had enough of the
important videos playlist I'm gonna put
it down in the description down below if
you want to waste a whole day watching
that playlist okay there has been
millions of millions of people who have
already done that so don't feel too bad
if you want to do that either way though
leave a like if you enjoyed let's try
and hit 10,000 thank you guys so much
for watching I'll see in the next video
buh-bye
