oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
it is mash yourself in today we're gonna
be reacting to some more pink box
now I've already made a video on shitty
tic TOCs okay and you already know what
my opinion on it alright it's weird okay
there's some creepy old guys their kids
are doing stuff which honestly they need
their parents okay who is supervising
their accounts I don't know but yeah
tick tock is an absolute mess alright
there are some good videos on it but
honestly like when you give like like a
camera phone to a bunch of kids you know
and just tell them to just make whatever
they want to make alright all they do is
just make just bunch of just shitty
cringy shit okay so yeah we're gonna go
see some more tic TOCs okay guys girls
go to college did you go to get more
stupider the girls go to college to get
more knowledge boys go to Jupiter to get
more stupider Wow
and I love other reactions to all these
guys it's just that they're all shocked
and they just hit their phones okay
that's a thing on tick tock by the way
alright we're like a bunch of kids you
know think it's funny to react to
something cringy just by you know be in
the shower their phones I don't
understand
look at this hey Siri Siri Oh find me a
boyfriend boyfriend okay in his face
okay whose mum is this okay I said this
in the previous video can you imagine
your own mum all right making a blade
tick tock account right in her posting
the Shelley Internet all right man all
this website is just bullying man this
poor old woman are I don't know what's
going through this poor woman's head
okay yeah disgusting woman or I get out
of tick tock what you doing it is apps
meant for eight year olds what are you
doing when it's dark outside I plug my
charger in okay is the outlet Oh
okay what was this guy expecting it for
someone to make a duet with okay oh
where am I gonna put my charger what
what what what's the first thing that's
gonna pop into your mind all right when
they can do it with this person okay of
course you're gonna put up your ass
and what's with this guy's voice all
right he sounds so wait my name's Tom hi
Sean and I plug my charger and what do
you mean when it's dark outside I plug
my charger what the students I even mean
where's the element yeah very weird very
weird people on tick-tock I was busy
thinking about boys Jesus thank God
was i soos Jesus okay we get it
Oh religious as can okay all right Wow
oh no not these stupid boys again all
right who's the sister what is that it's
a guy with a spongebob t-shirt and he
has like a baby on his face and it's not
a condom on his head I don't know
honestly but yeah all right kudos for
unique costumes I guess thank you at
Hitler dad 69 write content you're
producing oh no it's one of these ones
you know where they're kissing all right
all right and this guy who is this guy
who is this guy doing it now oh no
please don't tell me you're gonna hear
his bloody no okay
here's off okay all right you win my
epic anal bead time Wow has anyone ever
like stopped and realized the names of
these tick tock accounts okay young nor
am I the only one take a picture of me
as the flash take a picture of you okay
just showing up a couple of times ago
all right this tick tock is pretty much
asking to be bullied all right you're
pretty much just giving someone an
opportunity to just put any bad picture
of you on their phone okay and it's
gonna be funny every single time all
right this poor little girl thank you at
skinny penis five four three two one
seriously all right anyone else nosing
the names oh you noticed a couple
actually disgusting oh my god oh I like
this one I like this one nothing to live
for
I got no one
this guy's face I would not eat any for
I got nine and no one okay all right I
think that's probably gonna be my
favorite tiptoe battle there all right
you got to admit all right tick tock is
a bit weird but you know as a spectator
of someone who doesn't make tick tocks
all right it's just funny to just laugh
at you know understand this is this is a
prime example of just a funny tick-tock
all means nowadays are just going to
come from tick tock all right I'm
calling it right now there we go nothing
to live nothing to live for I got not I
know all right
oh is it go come on okay joking about
suicide all right the couple we've all
made the joke honestly all right and you
know we're never gonna stop joking about
it even though it's so serious okay oh
okay all right
Wow really okay I just feel a bit weird
that little girls out there shaking
their little things on pickup it this is
your door all right one second okay my
door out there it's making dick books
for all these horny little boys I know
the people on dick talk it's just
calling little teenage boys okay the
teenage was gonna be doing do with this
girl just checking the house all right
doing all the shit okay
control your goddamn kids I swear to God
disgusting disgusting and I'm pretty
sure that's not dude all right it's just
bullying okay come on now okay any
called a girl like he's gosh you brought
a gun have a good day have a good day
spawn of Satan okay I love this woman oh
I bless her bless her little heart all
right she has Noah has no idea what the
Internet is like oh it's the don't judge
me challenge back okay
the don't judge me challenge where it
just gives it girls an excuse just sort
of put a lot of shit ton of makeup on
and like act pretty okay so we got some
girls you know they're gonna change oh
never mind
oh no wait they're actually yeah Wow
yeah actually they did look a hell of a
lot prettier you know when they were
before before you know I'm saying to get
freebie box okay here we go so the
police oh yeah you better run away okay
yeah that was a scary scary tick-tock or
I do not search how to get freebie bucks
okay because that's the number one crime
in America right now right here we go
like I said you're giving kids are not
what you need to just put any picture of
you okay yeah where's the picture I
don't know it just starts showing up to
go get it because it's the flash you
know and and the moth is coming out you
know when lights are happening why are
you calling this flower right because
someone's gonna react to them just
dancing alright that it's pretty much
like half the clips on dick dawg
and why is this audio why are you
cutting those flowers because they're
pretty because I thought you said you
cut yourself because you're not who
recorded that audio what is that audio
come from is such a weird place but I do
love this kids dancing though I'm not
I'm not online oh yeah
okay you gotta admit the kids dodging is
pretty good all this creepy old wine
against you and you're doing the meet
nothing to live nothing to live for
I got nine and no one oh here we go yeah
for tonight as I love it
like I said before all right tick tock
it's a complete mess
alright but you gotta admit there was
some pretty funny memes on it oh yes
have any respect for anybody when I
started talking about people do wedding
showing pictures of whales at me oh you
all just made it worse by duetting worse
things so this girl who's complaining
about people doing her and bullying her
you know that but I'm not surprised you
know that is that is just what tick tock
is you know don't don't go on tick-tock
unless you want to get bullied you know
it it's gonna happen you can't stop this
cyberbullying shit okay the only way to
stop is to get up alright I had the
crush in third grade but then
she died of lakum ah
was the lick'em Amim ever funny okay
like was that ever funny okay I think
just everyone just kept saying it over
and over again you know but I never
heard anyone ever laugh about it have
any respect friend I started talking
about people were spy duetting worse
things okay it's just an endless cycle
okay I don't care honestly because it's
just endless content for me you know I
didn't give a shit about it but
seriously yeah don't go and ticked off
unless you want to be bullied or people
you know reacting to it by dancing oh
god I didn't say anything
what are you looking at me like that
right now okay he made this bloody
tick-tock hoping that some pretty
disgusting young guv which he could
probably prey on would clap with him
okay disgusting okay I won't start
tick-tock in the last video man but this
put this pointing woman man she's out
here crying our eyes out okay wanting
some food all right the Internet is just
full of people just eating food in front
about this poor woman because you're
easy to make fun of okay then stop as
your huckleberry because you're a ranger
feelings for you know silica just calm
her down bullying aside he kind of does
look like Jimmy Neutron okay you gotta
admit if you can do the fortnight
default dance very aggressively yes
would you please date me please date me
the fortnight default dogs you got a Mac
she's pretty good okay come take me
bitch oh no this girl's getting she's
putting a whole Beach site in the oven
just so she can make this tick tock and
I bet she's gonna eat in front of her
too
there we go I swear man you kids out
there alright you don't know how lucky
you are right this Alice woman out here
is begging for food okay I need a pizza
rhyme for the bun man you got no respect
kids have man is this a furry shaken up
but it's guys like my real good you know
what she got kind of a booty though I'm
not sure you know yes any of you guys
realize the amount of furries that
aren't tick tock I don't understand did
they all overnight you know just come
together and decide tick tock is the
platform that they're gonna voice each
other off you know I don't kind of care
about furries but it's just yeah I'm
just being I'm just being aware of it
more often now because of tick tock okay
where do they all come from where are
they hiding
oh oh so you guys if you want to shout
out I'll give you a shout out okay it's
pretty funny this guy's reaction okay
you go
funny or never never stop being funny
and kill people I like oh okay filthy
world I want to take them suckers just
burn any kind
Wow and then ends with dancing I think
that tick-tock just resembles the whole
of tick-tock oK we've got you know like
bullying okay we've got cringy girl all
right we've got a dancing okay well what
else dealing in a tick-tock honestly
okay okay come mess with me okay I don't
think anyone's scared of you all right
it's the Internet honestly now why is
this guy getting so worked up about it
okay so what kids are gonna be kids and
they're gonna bully you now and troll
you know it's the internet what year you
living at like what kind of person gets
so triggered like that you know just
makes no sense but or even cute um
you're not even Q oh your rights okay
I'm not cute oh I'm drop dead drop watch
gorgeous Wow I'm just laughing at kids
all right this video is just me laughing
at kids you know just bullying people
okay this guy's is playing video games
it's true though you know because and
that's all that's all we're gamers all
you know like they don't give a shit
about no gate like pretending they're
gamers all right they just just sit
there playing games what do you think
I'm too busy playing for night shift
shut up there
okay lies German you know what I'm gonna
end the video there that was me reacting
to tic TOCs okay I'm not gonna make any
more videos on tic TOCs okay because the
tic TOCs
i just filled with copyrighted music
alright so this video I want and you
know any money on it you know which is
fine you know because I just wanted to
make a video reacting to some funny tic
TOCs okay but yeah it's not it just make
any sense me wasting my time you know
recording these videos you know all
right but that's tick tock okay you know
I'm not sure if tick tock is gonna die
out all right I'm gonna put a poll
actually right right there okay go vote
on that poll if you think tick tock will
eventually die out you know I'm thinkin
it's not alright because you know it's
just endless content of just people
repeating the same jokes okay and that's
what pretty much you know in it the
Internet is you know so I don't think
it's gonna go away ever you know but who
knows either way though I hope you guys
enjoyed this video and yeah I'll see you
in the next video okay guys
buh-bye nothing to live for I got
nothing and no one
