whoo hello everyone how was the
wrongdoing in his master selfie today I
am so excited because we are doing
Detroit become human ending now I know
there is multiple endings with this game
but you know what all right I wanted to
do a let's play of my first time playing
it and whatever ending we get we get you
know and I will make another video
showing all endings if this video
reaches 30,000 likes I know you can do
it you've been doing on every episode
thank you guys so much for the support
in the series
let's stop talking because we've got a
hell of a story to cover all right I
think we're going back to Connor man
it's the last episode it's the last
episode but I still don't know what's
gonna happen you know I still have no
idea how they'll end the story you know
so much has happened so much is going on
all right I want to know what it's all
going to lead up to you know with Alice
with corner act with Marcus I don't know
a car I know at least I don't give a
shit about Alice okay some stupid-ass
girl okay
I give a shit about never did is
everything okay lieutenant is everything
okay
oh yeah Connor Chris was on patrol last
night okay it was attacked by a bunch of
deviancy it was the same office that he
was saved by Marcus himself I knew it
was news Chris okay that's why I didn't
shoot him yeah is it shock but that life
that's why he's Jim I knew him that was
the same guy
what the hell why did marker say that uh
come Kamsky Kamsky left sagar live ten
years ago mmm why did you want to meet
him this guy created the first Android
to pass the Turing test whoa the founder
of cyber life whoa anybody can tell us
about deviance it's him we are going to
the person who created the first-ever
Android he will know he will know for
sure what the hell is happening right
now and he left
cyber life 10 years ago oh come on now
you know that he left cyber why did he
okay why do you think guys come on now
oh yes hydroids I'm lieutenant Hank
Anderson Detroit Police Department I'm
here to see mr. Elijah show him
something from the cavemen you come in
hello okay what a familiar face okay
come in okay you're kind of freaking me
out girl all right yeah you kind of are
freaking me out because I'm used to
seeing you in the menu ocean I've got no
shoes I'll let Elijah know you're here
but please make yourself comfortable
okay thank you all right so this guy
correct the first Androids
oh we're gonna find out like who he is
why why why is he popped like this bug
which I knew he know I know he knows
nice girl oh it's not a girl it's an
Android that looks like a girl Amanda oh
it's Amanda in this picture
look she's I know what it is Connor yeah
his androids haven't been a bad thing
for everybody yeah it's true cuz he's
got that bad smoothie maker Connor how
does it feel
Oh how does it feel to meet your maker
it doesn't raise any existential
questions yeah if that's what you mean
yeah yeah stop trying to dig a hole man
sometimes I wish I could meet my Creator
face-to-face oh no you didn't know your
mom and dad I'd have a couple of things
tell him what was that okay so where
does this guy come on man still keeping
us waiting man oh here we go oh my god
uh are we going in there oh yeah look
there's just two actors just chilling in
there in this red pool okay where is he
Oh various okay he's just swimming all
right cool oh here he is the creator of
the first-ever Android oh my goodness oh
look they're talking what Andrew is
talking about that's kind of freaky I've
never seen them do that
look at this guy what you think is I'm
lieutenant Anderson and honor it's just
Connor my aunt Roy
what can I do for you all the time sir
we're investigating deviance I know you
left several life years ago but I was
hoping you'd be able to tell us
something we don't know
yeah come on you must learn something
he's like no no anything deviance
you don't fascinating aren't they
fascinating perfect beings with infinite
intelligence oh now they have free will
Oh machines are so superior to us
confrontation was inevitable
Oh humanity's greatest achievement
threatens to be its downfall isn't
ironic ironic um are you gonna help us
all I know what to say guys are you
gonna help us we need to understand how
androids become deviants yeah do you
know anything that could help us come on
you must know something all ideas of
viruses spread like epidemics is the
desire to be free of contagious disease
listen I ain't come here to talk
philosophy the machines you created may
be planning a revolution either you can
tell us something that'll be helpful or
we will be on our way yeah come on now
what about you Connor uh-oh
don't talk about me Saida you want oh my
goodness oh no I'm on the human side of
course okay good good good well that's
what your programs Oh Oh No but you know
don't ask me don't ask me to do it don't
ask me to do it
what do you really want no never say I
don't want anything I am a robot I am a
machine I'm a machine okay I don't want
anything I'm sure you're familiar with
the Turing test our formality simple
question of algorithms and computing you
pass yeah oh god what interests me
oh it's whether machines are capable of
empathy whoa
I call it the Kamsky test cat very
simple you'll see cuz there's names
Gonski
it's magnificent isn't it well the first
intelligent models developed by cyber
life okay
young young and beautiful forever
okay disgusting flower that will never
wither it's one of the oldest ever
girlfriend piece of plastic in technique
and yeah we're a living being oh no oh
no oh no with a soul
uh oh
is he gonna shoot up he's gonna shoot
Chloe it's real able to answer that
fascinating question
oh my word destroy this machine and I'll
tell you all he wants me destroying
spirit if you feeling some live oh but
you'll leave here without having learned
anything from oh come on
okay I think we're done here I want to
know kind of let's go sorry to get you
you're important to you common oh my god
your investigation or the life of this
Android oh my what the cider you are oh
no an obedient machine
while living being I want to know
starved out with freewill oh that's
enough Connor my trigger Turner
I got a do don't doesn't want me to oh
come on
Oh guys I want to know I want to know I
want to know I want to know
and the Hank will get annoyed at me if I
shoot up but I don't care cuz he likes
me
I need to know guys I gotta do whatever
I gotta do it I gotta do it oh test
negative
you choose your investigation of the
life of another Android you fool know
everything dad I got 50 please move
aside I'm a man of my word ask one
question
oh I'll tell you why not you told me
everything you know that's one question
Oh Jericho location that's what I need
to know the our a nine I know a hard
line is I want to know where Jericho is
yeah that's how would I do Jericho
Jericho a place where androids are free
Alysse for deviants rise up against
their creators okay they transmitted a
piece of code to each other in order to
find their sanctuary although he's go
another one okay oh oh
Jericho Kyodai loaded
Ferndale station is the door whoa-ohh
and I'm a war is coming oh you'll have
to choose your side
oh no he no trigger people or stand
against your creators he knows as a
walking upon to be in your shoes come
fucking the worst oh no oh no by the way
yeah I always leave an emergency exit in
my programs you never know
emergency exit
so he has a shutdown bond doesn't mean a
measure over but she wasn't a girl yet
it was a machine that looked like a girl
you put your gun against her head and
you bore Briggs I did what I had to do
to advance the investigation and I do it
again if I had yeah oh you don't feel a
thing do you
a machine that's what you are you're
just a machine
come on of course I'm a machine
lieutenant what did you think I was yeah
I thought you I thought you were more
than that man I tell you what my partner
me doesn't even like androids and now we
just like Hank you piece of shit man the
hell off we gotta get this investigation
here you are I mean I am an Android
but now alright so yeah I'm guessing the
multiple endings was I could have done
it or couldn't have done it oh look look
how short this path was if I didn't do
it like like like that guy said if I
didn't shoot that girl he would have
just said okay bye
get out of my house but look how much
stuff I I unlocked look I I unlocked a
special thing by downloading the Jericho
key I think I did a good I think I did a
good job alright is this Marcus now
I think it is so what's die unlock I
don't know what's gonna happen guys man
what am I even looking out Detroit man
it's all snowy Oh walk to the edge okay
Marcus Wheaton Marcus
to set this is cool
it's pretty cool
oh I was wondering where you were
oh oh North is the companion' okay no
still likes me even though I'm doing a
lot of choices which he doesn't like Oh
No
what does it matter oh alone I just
needed to be alone yes leave me alone
bitch I like it here
I mean me banging hey man come here
often
I gave me a knockin it's like being
alone with the world I think she likes
me guys who wouldn't mind Marcus let's
be honest we freed hundreds of our
people and they're still coming from all
over the city that's good those who
dream of freedom come to Jericho but
okay something's changing yeah it is
it's kind of scary if you think about it
you seem preoccupied
yeah followers are God they all obey me
they follow me without question yeah and
and that much power feels good and scary
and scary in time damn that is scary all
the media are talking about what we did
last night
good the humans are terrified good
they're afraid of a civil war uh-oh we
don't want that many of our people were
burned in response to what happened oh
no the humans hate us oh they'll never
give us our freedom
that's knowing humans and is kind of
true they won't listen we'll fight damn
you haven't said much about yourself
since you've been with us Walt what was
your life like before Jericho oh I had
an owner called call and he was amazing
truth I was caring for an old man
it was like a father me oh you showed me
that humans and androids can live
together
yeah they
and all she liked it she asked about her
past
Oh what about you oh you never told me
about your past what did you do before
she does like I don't want to talk about
it oh but what North we're fighting
together we have to know things about
each other to trust each other that's
true
I don't be aggressive we all have
something we want to forget but you need
to know where you come from to know who
you are that hold us off that is such a
good quote
there was nothing oh darling a
distributor program to send us by humans
oh no just a toy designed for their
pleasure she was a bloody ho one day I
was with a man who rented me yeah oh no
what did he do
what are they doing not knowing why I
realized I couldn't take it anymore
oh no I strangled him and they ran away
whoa there now you know everything
wait ago that strangled not sure why
with me go come on give me your little
bear lovin listen we're having a bonding
session right now we just unlocked a
path with us do you think we're gonna
unlock the kissing pot you're gonna kiss
her give up no this is this is how
robots case they just touch hands Oh
what was that
why'd you out my light oh I saw your
memories oh love Carl's house where they
left you for dead in his studio
I saw your memory soon older eating club
Oh the death of that man I felt like I
was there with you whoa uh-huh huh so
what do you guys think north
whoa damn we now know everything about
each other we went from not knowing
anything about each other to just
knowing everything so was she that girl
has strangled the guy at the heated Club
or is that just happened twice and I
thought it was a blue head girl right
and I thought we met North before that
right oh it's so ever notice
he's alive see because we didn't find
him in that Conner mission whoa Alif
simon doesn't have any bad feelings for
us leaving him but we even have a choice
at that point okay
Simon's back I knew Simon would come
back because I could make him come back
he could get not injured or he could
come back or he could die but I think I
picked this is suicide
oh well I'll be killed please Marcus
it's not too late to change him what are
we doing now you don't understand we're
finally gonna show that we were really
are this place will go down in history
whoa
what be killed on the spot well wait
servers come prepare to take it means
freedom for our people what are we doing
Marcus don't do this they'll understand
we'll make them understand what are we
doing this is the only way what are we
doing and where can I get Marcus's
hoodie right now because it looks bad
after Andrew is here who could join us
all right so the more we are the
stronger our mess okay so let's connect
with some androids as a cleaner one
right here all right go you're free
you're free go he's like I'm free yeah
cleaning chit connect with this guy come
on you're free you're free come on he's
I hate ya I'm free okay okay it says
prepared to march okay so we're gonna be
marching in the middle of the streets
now and having a protest that's what
we're doing open manhole cover okay did
I three all the androids I think I did
all right
open it what's the manhole cover gonna
do oh no way do you think everyone from
Jericho's gonna come up from this
manhole
we there it is we are gonna have a
massive March no way this is insane
this is insane I'm not I wouldn't be
surprised if the police just just
started opening fire convert more
androids oh my god
convert its Korra but not Cara you're
free now I could just connect with my
mind now I don't even have to touch them
no way this is insane this is insane
we're marching down the street no way X
oh all the androids in the shop okay
come on more Androids more Androids more
Androids oh my goodness look everyone's
going everyone's coming Oh police drone
look how many there are sort of that of
there all of us whoa that's so cool look
at this protest it's so peaceful what
we're doing just walking getting
Androids to come in oh my goodness we
have nearly a hundred androids right now
but that's insane like oh my god
disperse two hundred Androids oh no
there's a policeman here oh my word oh
no raise hands or advance whoa
what no don't you us
Jesus what am i new man they're not
doing anything they're just watch that's
patrol 57 yeah a lot of androids here
what our new boss hundreds hundreds you
know how it is thousands there much if
it's an r3 either why she sound as three
or people we should say we are alive no
more slavery
whoa
free check of three
Liberty graduates or slavery we all know
here comes the police here comes the
police oh now look at them now look at
them now they're prepared to shoot look
at them now we're not even doing
anything and they're gonna shoot us they
even bought tanks and SWAT teams man I
don't want anything bad to happen here
and I have no idea what choices to
choose to make sure that doesn't happen
we came here to demonstrate peacefully
yeah and tell humans that we are living
beings yeah all we want is to live free
that's it
we've done no harm yeah don't you know
intention of doing any no but know that
we are not going anywhere until we have
secured our freedom take of this shoe
Marcus they're gonna kill us
oh we have to attack no more of those we
can take them no if we attack we'll
start a war I don't have to show them
we're not violence we should just stand
their ground even if it means dying here
dying here won't solve anything
Oh Marcus true we need to go now before
it's too late once telling me different
things that one sending me to fight
wanted me to say both of these oh we
want to I think we should
we have to show them we won't back down
we stay right here they shoot us oh my
boy you have to make a statement we have
to stay put no matter what please Marcus
we can't let them slaughter us without
fighting back what do we do oh no we're
not moving whoa
public opinion that's what we want right
John
Oh John saving us
John so don't know whoa man I have no
idea if what to do what should I have
done that's so messed up look how much
come on guys I don't like this game
anymore man too many card damn choices
okay
there's nobody endings there are one two
three four five endings okay I didn't
know what to do but I Oh John joined
because I saved him okay so what yeah I
don't know guys John gave His life to
save Marcus Oh
so Marcus survived but he only survived
because John sacrificed himself because
I saved him in that one mission okay so
Marcus didn't die so I don't think I did
anything bad so I don't know what would
you guys I am I'm gonna do all the AI I
wanna I wanna play so much more of this
game you think this is gonna be the last
video of mine that I do on this game
it's not okay I want to see every little
thing about this game let's talk to
Amanda now let's see what she has to say
she might be pissed because we haven't
made any progress oh hello Amanda
Oh was that what happened today the
country is on the verge of a civil war
Owens are rising up against their
masters humans have no choice but to
destroy them oh I'll see I'll look
Jellico Kamsky told me how to find
Jericho I know where the deviants are
hiding you've done very well Connor good
thanks to you we now have a chance to
stop the deviant revolution oh I did it
I saw a photo of Amanda Cam's keys place
she was his teacher when Kamsky designed
me he wanted an interface that would
look familiar that's why he chose his
former mentor what are you getting it uh
why am I getting out did Kemp's key
designed this place he created the first
version it's been improved significantly
since then why do you ask I have no idea
you didn't tell me everything you know
about deviance did you I expect you to
find answers Connor
not ask questions what have you
experienced anything unusual
oh no she no I'm not deviants I'm asking
that confidence do you feel anything for
these deviants no no lieutenant Anderson
I don't know what you're talking about I
don't feel anything we've got to pretend
you know that yeah we got uh are you
suggesting that I've been compromised oh
yeah no of course not
what was that about
oh man other than I choose the right
choices on that either cuz you're off
the case yeah the FBI is taking over Oh
what but we're onto something but we
just need more time I'm sure Hank you
don't get it this isn't just another
investigation it's a civil war it's a
civil what's out of our hands now we're
talking about national security here
that you can't just pull the plug now
not when we're so close you know we're
saying you can't stand Android's
Jesus Hank make up your mind be happy
about this not to crack the case I know
we can solve it we can cuz we know God's
sake Jeffrey can't you back me up this
one time there's nothing I can do oh
come on you're back on homicide Alma saw
Android returns to cyber life oh I'm
going back I'm sorry Hank but it's over
Oh guys I have no idea what what's going
on Hank's my friend he's gonna be upset
that I'm gonna be going back to cyber
life what do I say now my job's done
man that's the thing about Conner you
know he is his deviant let's be honest
we know he's deviant but you know I've
been picking those choices to pretend
and fool people that he's not but yeah
he's I think he's deviant but yeah let's
just I know we could have done it stay
calm we could have done it man
explain I get my orders from cyber life
my mission hasn't changed would you all
do his voice let me she knows you're
going to use the key that Kamsky gave me
whoa and find Jericho whoa
hey that's David right that went were on
the wrong side oh you hit for frightened
against people that just want to be free
he now understands Androids if the
deviants rise up they'll be chaos
I can still prevent that I still don't
know where I stand
but I was hanging off the roof back at
the urban farm I saved you you let their
deviant go in order to help me of course
you put my life above the mission Oh
showed empathy Conner Oh
empathy is a human emotion um so where
you trying to say I'm not a deviant tank
yeah bless you more yeah I'm a machine
I might not be qualified to judge but
you're not standing police officer oh
and a good person Oh Connor so go ahead
you choose your side Connor I am
deciding who you are can be the hardest
thing oh no see I I know I'm gonna check
out all the endings to this game but I
don't know what ending I want like what
I actually won you know I want to know
everything car not left for Jericho oh
oh oh no oh my god guys I gotta go back
look at this bloody mess of it of other
of a flowchart
I got I got a I got it I I missed I
missed a lot I gotta go back I gotta go
back guys wait hang a second it says no
Jericho's location so if I didn't know
Jericho's location it would have done
this so I can't go back so I'm guessing
this flowchart is if you didn't shoot
Chloe
earlier and you know that robot in that
guy's house we didn't shoot her and then
we found Jericho's location here okay so
I I'm missing out a bit of the game bar
I actually just ended up just just
skipping a mission because I already
found out what I want okay I'm not gonna
I'm not gonna go back I'm not gonna go
back IIIi discovered that I actually you
know yeah I'm okay I want to know what
their mission is so I'll go back on
another video but in terms of story I
don't think we missed out any story we
didn't miss out any like anything that's
gonna help us finish the game oh no
that's Android everybody's on edge after
what happened yesterday how are we gonna
get to Canada then they're gonna shoot
us oh how she gonna get to Canada okay
we've made it to this place what are we
gonna do near here are we gonna get out
now Oh God
is this it is this the border to Canada
she said we only can go across Canada on
the lake so are we in ticket sorry I was
about how we can take a boat what's
happening a little further on that way
there's a large freighter called Jericho
okay and you get there find Marcus he
will help you the last bus for the
border leaves that midnight you
absolutely have to be on it
you'll be safer on the other side whoa
it's not much but it's a start shake it
was fifty dollars my brother lives in
Ontario I've given you his address he'll
be able to hide you until things calm
down that's so nice you're a very brave
little girl Alice oh he deserved to be
happy she does deserve just to be happy
thank you for everything
Rosa so nice she had to be $50 when you
make it over there right and she doesn't
even make a lot of money and be careful
Rose is so sweet
take care of them I will lose the will
man Luther will have our back Montreux
has all right that hang around yeah so
we got to go to Jericho now that's what
I'll be going but Connors on his way to
Jericho no way are all three of our
characters gonna meet right now that's
what's gonna happen isn't it that's
what's gonna happen
all three of our characters are gonna
meet oh you see okay so we need to be on
this train it's cold no he knows what
okay I already know where Jericho is
okay I don't have to do this all this
dumb shit again I did this already
yeah there we go Connor knows where it
is gone follow the path follow the path
Connor to Jericho
oh and car is going to Jared go to
Marcus oh my god this is it this is it
this is it what's gonna happen all three
of my characters gonna meet but what's
gonna happen ah what side you think
Connor should be on see I kind of I mean
this this whole games basically about
you know empathizing with androids yeah
so oh okay I made it yeah
but I kind of want the humans to win on
my let's play but I don't on the
androids to die I'll get shut down I
don't know I kind of want I kind of want
I just want peaceful I just want the
peaceful ending
we've got me in a warm place for Allison
yeah we do sit down Alice sent me the
file
there you go how you feel oh she's sick
stay with her
today with up I'll try to find this
Marcus I mean the last bus is in two
hours and the terminals on the other
side of town we haven't got much time
Oh leave as soon as we have passports
yeah there's something I have to tell
you tell me it's about Alice no tell me
what are you talking about we'll have
lots of time to talk on the bus I'll be
back stay with Alice Alice what secrets
secret sir do you have hot have Alice
you're bitching well can I just don't do
anything stupid you're an Android
I just keep acting like an Android you
fine man Karan Marcus and Connor are
gonna meet all right I'm guessing I
gotta go upstairs I've no idea let's go
upstairs I believe it's upstairs
Oh
we're looking for something you're
looking for yourself Bob she knows she
knows something for myself I am looking
for myself chorim oh she's right there
she's right there Marcus there he is
cholera is gonna beat Marcus for the
first time are you Marcus are you Marcus
and with a little girl and another
Android
there's a bus leaving for the border in
less than two hours and we need
passports Jesus
now Detroit's under curfew they're
soldiers everywhere they're rounding up
all the androids and sending them to
camps Hobie you should stay here a while
oh maybe you're right should we you
might be safer here until things calm
down one of our people used to work in
the State Department
he has electronic passports you can
easily modify no way I'll have him get
them to you what shoes basically say yes
we can't go okay we send you with a
little girl right yeah you know that
humans hate us why are you protecting
her she doesn't hate us
she needs me
then I need her oh it's as simple as
that seen Marcus you can learn something
from Carl you know car is actually
empathizing with the humans you know and
yeah he's he's are quite angry and
aggressive okay so what do we do now
just go back to Alice I guess Oh Alice
Alice
Alice was a this is an actress
we knew from the beginning
you just normally see it
she wanted a mom and you wanted someone
to care for you needed each other
what difference does it make do you love
her any less now that you know she's one
of us
Alice loves you Carol she loves you more
than anything in the world
she became the little girl you wanted
and you became the mother she needed
forgetting you are to become what
someone needs you to be
maybe that's what it means to be alive
oh that's not good that's not let's fit
so okay okay they were kind of hinting
at it but yeah like I don't think it
really changes anything like I'm not
that shocked than I don't care that much
like does it matter that she's human
I mean it kind of makes sense why why
her dad was being her you know because
he wasn't actually being her he was
being an Android but then why did he
have a little girl Android and why did
he have her just to beat her yeah it's
not much a plot twist let's be honest
did you guys have suspicions they kept
hitting it you know they were like you
know why you're gonna hate me if I don't
tell you doesn't mess
it's okay Alice all right shut up Alice
okay
Oh
Alice likes me
yeah it doesn't all right I don't care I
don't care I don't care I don't care I
don't care it's not a big plot twist
it's a pretty dumb plot twist anything
you know what if it meant to change you
know doesn't change anything
you know except now you know she's an
Android who gives a shit
yeah I don't give a shit I don't give a
shit anyway yeah so that was that big
plot twist Alice is an Android okay now
what we're short on blue blood and bio
components are wounded or shutting down
and there's nothing we can do
reservoir and a senseless or
international security we need to be
exterminated
humans wall raids and all the big cities
and they're taking androids to camps to
destroy them it's a disaster no
slaughtering our people that's all you
were peaceful none of this would have
happened if we just stayed quiet whoa
what do we do
oh I don't know all we did was show them
who we really are
I don't want war but I rather die for
love he's a slave damn
true what's Department good everything
if no one is left alive shit
it's true what do we do what do we do I
don't know no regret humans enslaved us
I'll never regret standing up to that we
shouldn't forget who our enemies are
can't fight amongst ourselves he's right
yeah all that matters is what we do next
yeah we just walk I'd no idea why she
was asking me I hate you stay hiding
dialog confrontation dialogue is the
only way she doesn't like that I will go
alone try to talk to them one last time
don't do this Marcus
they'll kill y'all I don't know I don't
know I don't know I don't know North I
have to try
if I don't come back lay low as long as
you can oh but we can't because they
know we're Jericho is just come back Oh
guys they need to realize how much
they're hurting us they're gonna make
amazing love listen they're gonna make
me fall in the right words and pick the
right speech in order for me to win the
game I want Androids to be free I don't
want I want humans to like us they've
been butchering each other for centuries
over the color of their skin or whatever
God they wanted to worship they're not
gonna change it's true violence is just
in their genes dad you can't stop what
we've started since you've been here
you've given us hope you get all me hope
Oh today a deviant arrived in Jericho
and he told me that he stole a truck
transporting radioactive cobalt okay he
said that he abandoned the truck
somewhere in Detroit and rent it to
explode
no I convinced him not to do it the
detonator
Oh No humans overcome us our people will
disappear forever
no only chance to survive if things go
wrong no I don't trust her to have their
house no I'm gonna take it I'm not gonna
use that shit or should I keep it hidden
I just want you to know that she's my
lover but we can't do anything because
we're Androids just gonna ah she just
loves me it's just true love no okay
guys I know I said I don't know what
ending I want now that I think about it
I got what the ending with the dirty
bomb but yeah let's kiss this hole yeah
they're gone Marcus I mean kissing
doesn't me do anything cuz you're an
Android but you go for a kiss but come
on now her heads in the way can't even
see the action what the hell
I spent $60 in this game don't even see
a kiss waste of my bloody money how
could you yes okay I like doing these
Let's Plays because every let's play is
different I think you sir come on now
no YouTube is gonna dis a bomb she
doesn't want to lose me
oh that's sweet okay we'll see what
happens okay you've had a little bit of
a spark in the mix I'm excited I'm
excited okay we have an option to you
know if everything fails just use a bomb
but yeah let's try not to use it but it
does seem convincing on all corners
right now well it's kind of gonna go
over to Marcus Oh you succeeded in
locating Jericho and finding their
leader now deal with Marcus we need oh
that's in his head oh now it makes sense
that place was imaginary it was in his
head that woman in order to take a life
it's AI but I won't hesitate to shoot if
you give me no choice
no Connor down down down reason with
them what are you doing you are one of
us
oh no betray your own people Oh No
don't force me to neutralize you both
people what is this
you're Connor aren't you how does he
know that famous deviant under you seem
to have found what you were looking for
geez a one now a pale convince our cause
we are your people we're fighting for
your freedom too Oh what do we do what
do we do what do I do you don't have to
be their slave anymore oh no I don't
know stay back or I'll shoot Oh do you
never have any doubts you've never done
something irrational I don't know if
there's something inside you oh no
nothing more than your program I got I'm
gonna go with Marcus I'm sorry Connor I
kind of wanted you to take down Marcus
have you never wondered who you really
are but I don't think he should now
whether you're just a machine executing
a program or living being capable of
reason oh it's confusing me time has
come for you to ask yourself that
question oh it's time to decide come on
Connor
you should just join join the androids
come on just join them just to just
become a DB just but you just do it you
gotta do it you gotta do it you gotta do
it you better you better do it you got
to do all hey it's Becca how big Damien
oh no no
no no no this is this is bad I don't
want to do this
Oh guys they forced me I don't know I I
didn't research I research all the other
levels guys but I didn't research the
ending because I wanted it I wanted at
the ending that I got I didn't want it I
don't want anything so this annoys me I
don't want to become a deviant oh oh I
betrayed her manda yeah but screw up cuz
she was in my head they're going to
attack Jericho what
oh it's it didn't matter didn't even
matter we have to get out of here I just
draw because of Connors missions
I destroyed Jericho yeah okay we've
definitely got an interesting nd okay um
I've no I didn't do I've no idea was an
apologia it's all it's all new to this
our human it's gonna win or androids
gonna win I don't know what what I want
I don't know what I want this game so
confusing
they're all gonna are they're gonna just
shoot the androids this is bad guys this
is so bad this is so bad
oh no no
Oh
shitting everyone on now what nice to me
what did i do guys I let them straight
to him go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go oh shit
Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go oh God
all the shoot everyone come on Marcus
come on loosen sorry hit
Go Go Go Go Go oh god oh god oh no oh no
as we go out to eat okay go right go
right go right go right go right go
right
they're coming from both nights our
paper is trapped in the hole they're
gonna be slaughtered their exits on the
second and third floor find them and
jump in the river
uh we have to blow up Jericho the ship
goes down they'll evacuate our people
can escape you'll never make it
the explosives are all the way down in
the hole there are soldiers everywhere
she's right
they know who you are they'll do
anything to get you go and help the
others I'll join you later
Marcus I won't be long we're gonna use
the bomb on Jericho now guys I have no
idea what I'm doing I'm running straight
into the into the into danger right now
okay be careful be careful be careful be
careful be careful careful oh no oh no
I'm gonna leave are you gonna leave us
save what do we do guys what do we do oh
no everyone's running the opposite way
that I'm going okay fine it's fine
shit shit shit shit find their leader
they just said and I'm their leader you
know oh no oh no
okay well those are the worst SWAT team
will ever seen okay so much for checking
every angle um okay okay it's fine I've
made it Oh
save yourself Oh No yeah I don't leave
him don't leave them help it
Jesus Luther come on now you can do it
you can do it you can do it I know he
can we can save him all right we I know
we can we just got to try no we just got
to try Oh God
okay well should worst worse without us
in danger she's an Android okay thank
you
what are you going to do I managed
Alice's all that matters
no no no but we're gonna blow up Jericho
can't do the board okay go now take care
of each other
like this I'm not happy I don't think I
will be happy on any of the choices okay
it's mine oh oh no oh my god what do we
do oh shit not enough to kill a human no
way I'll have to kill him don't have to
kill him I'm gonna have to kill him
because I help that dumb bitch oh no oh
no I'll have to kill him
yeah fine you think you mean option yes
Jesus I don't want to kill anyone but
come on look what you made me do game
hey make it be doing choices I didn't
want to do
well I took a human life to save an
androids life and then Android end up
dying anyway so yeah pick the worst
choice anyway what's gonna happen I have
to know all gods what do we do I so
worried go go go go go go go go go go go
go left left left left left and then
right right right right right left Oh
God
come on the cocktail Android's shit okay
concentrate oh my god go now go go go go
okay good good good yeah yeah they
wouldn't have asked me they wouldn't
have repented Marcus died from that
Oh God look always sees me he sees me Oh
God Oh Oh No
okay that was good okay I mean I thought
they were gonna let me a program money
to do it oh no intervene a run Pippin
oh man what are we doing blow up Jericho
find another route save the androids oh
god oh god oh god oh god what do i do
what do i do do I go down oh my god this
is so bad this is so bad
this is so bad oh come on oh no no no
help me help me he's just saying that
come on baby
why are you helping me quicker wait find
North I'll join you later
good good yeah yeah yeah you do your
thing oh no more gods oh gosh go go go
go go go go go oh my god how can you
shoot play dead run
it said sit got shit shit shit shit shit
shit shit shit no no I know I know
no no
I don't want that
okay guys I'm gonna go back I can't I
can't have Alice in a car or die there
that's that's not what I want I'm gonna
go back I'm gonna try and I'm gonna try
and do something different okay guys I
had to go again okay I had to do it
again
there was no way I'm gonna let the game
end like that all right so what do i do
just just play dead oh god oh god
oh they're so mean they're begging for
their lives are all
come on let's get out of here
geez okay yeah sorry I panicked I
panicked I just wanted to get out I just
wanted to get out of there that's why I
was like just run I didn't know okay
yeah yeah you panic in those situations
you don't think you just want to like
let go just run okay
but yeah that we were meant to play dead
apparently man yeah cuz cuz yeah I don't
want that story to end I don't know if
they get to Canada or not because that's
their story oh oh oh and this the
explosives oh god oh god oh god oh oh
why don't you just shoot me it's going
idiot oh god okay guys well close the
tray
oh no oh go up okay right no please
don't miss up oh and then Oh are we
gonna bomb this place no way activate
what we said to explode it's almond now
what we're gonna do is just a minute
we got a gal bit go go go go go go go go
oh god oh god oh god
ex okay go go go oh shit she was in
front of me without it's too late Mars
oh we should save come on
we've saving everyone else come on now
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
okay okay it's fine I got it I got it I
mean I mean it needs more police
officers died but you know what
they're trying to kill me so oh shut up
whoa
shit that was stressful no okay it's
fine come on oh why did you do that man
Connors proper deviant now she's jumping
into the river
right on time baby man okay
we all made our life of looters okay
there's an explosive in the hall this is
the thinking for the men to evacuate
calling all units
abandon ship and evacuate immediately
shit - no - st. over Marcus man oh is
that it that's the end of that mission
Jesus Christ that was crazy I want to
see the flowchart on this how do we even
show a flowchart on this oh my god wait
there's there's there's a this chorus
and Marcus's flowchart is it's kind of
got his own
yay does I mean Marcus okay man look at
all these look at all these flowcharts
man Oh Mike there's annoying thing is
just that I want to know every
everything about this game but I can't
okay so Marcus fled with the people and
Connor North Josh and Simon all survived
and I guess this is something else our
man okay so Marcus is ending either
could have ended we all survived or
maybe we didn't or none of us didn't or
only Marcus did I don't know Connors
flowchart could have been absolutely
insane guys look at the options Connor
would have gotten but I skipped all of
it because I decided to join so if I
didn't go a deviant
imagine the ending we would have got
okay so Connor
escaped with Jericho's people where he
but instead he could have you know not
join them or what else
okay so Cara's ending so I got the
ending at that Cora and Alice escaped
Jericho but look there was so many ways
which we could have died in that mission
let's just continue man that is looking
like looking at that flowchart just
irritates me
want to know everything oh shit we are
back calls house seek all because
remember we saved called good thing we
saved call them because this mission
wouldn't even existed then welcome home
Marcus oh it's back home just like the
beginning of the game Oh should we go
see Cole he's probably upstairs in bed I
bet who are you yeah how did you get in
I need to see Carl Carl isn't see anyone
you need to leave no he caught new
Android goodbye yeah Oh God please I
need to see him
whoa okay it's very weak I'm not sure
you'll be able to talk to you know oh no
I want to know what Carl has to say man
Carl was saying some some important shit
the beginning that came he was like
don't let anyone tell you who you are
Marcus okay don't let anyone tell you
who you are you gotta fight for what he
believed in Marcus Marcus Marcus he came
back I was hoping you'd go Oh dad that's
what he called him
you don't know how much I miss what's
wrong
oh what's wrong oh god I'm so lost I'm
completely lost
the whole world's falling apart around
me I tried to do the right thing yeah
what is the right look for answers
instead I just find more doubts and more
uncertainty Oh nerves ruled by fear
Markus fear of others there about a
future fair that's like journey to old
it's time for a damn no don't say that
Cole I mean you are gonna die
humans are for fragile creatures I'm
caught I'm gonna die decision
I don't want bloodshed no matter the
color huh but I can't let them slaughter
my people yes I have to make a decision
that's gonna affect millions of lives
jeez what do i do what do I do what I'll
do and I'm telling you I don't know what
to do yeah
even Marcus does even know so what do we
do then or call
you must son Marcus I just realized this
person's the same names called called
Manfred but I know part of me is in you
heavy rain reference
when the world falls in the darkness
some men have the courage to lead it out
some men one of those men oh I'm one of
those men did this face the abyss
bunkers ghalsuu medic could sue me
Marcus
cause a good guy man what a great mentor
call Manfred Mann Fred famiglia
so cool man so we sawed we got to see
Cole one last time it's a good thing we
chose to save him
all right now okay this is there guys
all right we need to know the decision
between okay Connors joined us we need
to know the decision what are we going
to do now are we gonna fight or we gonna
try and talk it over I still I still
think there must be a way where we can
talk it over and get AG right at the
right ending public opinion is on our
side but I don't know I'm gonna I think
I'm gonna try are sort of the DNA in my
hand no no no no I did say I won of that
ending but maybe I should I kind of want
the good ending but I don't know what a
good ending is in this game is a good
ending human winning or humans the
winning or the other rover androids
winning that's the thing about this game
what what is what is right and wrong
right now probably get hooked up huh
I thought you'd be safe staying with us
I was wrong you need to leave the city
while you still can
Walt getting miles away from here is all
that matters now we have to catch the
last bus catch it you might still have a
chance to cross the border please catch
that laughs yes Laura thank you mm-hmm
save our people
save up B oh god just say thank you okay
so give me this pressure Marcus has a
imagine the pressure on Marcus's
shoulders save our people Lucas uh sure
oh no what do we say to Connor it's my
fault
the humans managed to locate Jericho
I was stupid
I shoulda guessed they were using me
of course they were using it
I'm sorry Marcus I can understand if you
decide not to trust me
geez I trust him because I am in no we
got we gotta trust you're one of us now
yeah you're places with your people he
knows he did he's her he was wrong
there are thousands of androids at the
cyber life assembly plant okay if we
could wake them up they might join us
and shift the balance of power whoa
you want to infiltrate the cyber life
tower huh Connor that's suicide is that
what Rosalie that's the lost column they
showed me in if anyone has a chance of
infiltrating cyber life it's me if you
go there they will kill you but they
don't know I'm a high probability
deviant but statistically speaking
there's always a chance for unlikely
events to take place
geez Connors badass man be careful be
careful
ah my characters are meeting and they're
bonding and they're like liking each
other okay so we talked to Cara and
Connor Cara is gonna go to Canada and
Connor is gonna go infiltrate the cyber
life place in order to you know free
more androids that's crazy talk oh it's
this girl
they say they don't want to take any
risks with deviance so they're rounding
our people up and taking them to the
camps for extermination I'm a sad
in a few hours we're gonna be the only
ones left whoa
I don't want nah what's your system
status I'm okay
bullet didn't hit any Baikal Hornets
you could have been killed trying to
save me Marcus
you have to think of our people first
nothing else matters
how many of us survived the attack a few
hundred few hundred maybe more if you
count those hiding all over the city oh
that's so sad that wine if you hadn't
triggered the bomb we'd all be dead in a
few hours it'll all be over
we'll have changed the world or the
world will have destroyed us
you have to make a choice Marcus oh but
whatever you choose we will follow you
what's with all the choices I love you
come on girl I got enough going through
my head oh and I think about your bloody
love what we do love each other we are
in love us messed up robot love but we
love each other
and this is sad
okay come on Marcus talk to your people
and make a decision I think I think we
should go to the peaceful roof I've
stuck with the peaceful roof so I think
we should continue it speak O Week
activities have decided o to exterminate
us geez
our people are packed in camps right now
being destroyed Oh sand time has come to
make a choice yes one that very well may
determine the future of our people oh no
what is this the public opinion supports
us we got a choice of marching
peacefully toward the camps to pressure
the authorities or launch an assault on
the camps to liberate the Android's oh
god we can't do a revolution guys we're
gonna demonstrate I know I know you're
all angry and I know you want to fight
back but I assure you violence is not
the answer here it's norm we are going
to tell them peacefully that we want
justice if there's any Humanity in them
they will listen and if not others will
take our place and continue this fight
yeah are you ready to follow me that
guys there must be an ending where we
can do it peacefully and if there is I
want to do it I wanted I want to be able
to achieve it alright so yeah I think I
think I can do it peacefully and we will
we will do it in another video we will
do it non peacefully but yeah I want to
keep it as peaceful as I can
so yeah I'm guessing those two options
would have been protest with his people
or to fight in a saw or another third
option I don't know what these endings
are but I'll find that out in another
video exam this morning
a national curl always declared civilian
movement will be strictly controlled the
right to assembly is suspended whoa
electronic communications are restricted
and I have granted enhanced powers to
our security age in addition to these
measures all androids must be handed
over to the authorities immediately
water airy camps are being set up in all
our major cities to contain and destroy
them oh I am now asking all civilians to
cooperate with the authorities and rest
assured that everything in our power is
being done to guarantee the security of
our nation but they're peaceful please
oh god oh god oh god oh god oh god oh
god
as the leader the deviants been
apprehended the deviant that is known as
Marcus has not been located yet but we
will soon track it down and neutralize G
they're gonna neutralize me okay I'll be
oh yeah yeah we don't have some stupid
magic president okay
we want to hear about Marcus's cornerian
Cora
so yeah now are we following call who's
taking a taxi is it Marcus
no way it's Marcus
Konnor model three one three two four
eight three one seven I'm expected
identification successful okay she's
okay
Connors going into the cyber life
headquarters and he's gonna destroy it
from the inside he's gonna convince
every Android in there to become deviant
that is a suicide mission but this is
the mission that black that is that is
their action you know it all happens
here this is the final final mission you
know the mission where you know lots of
action
lots of stealth it could go anywhere man
I'm gonna try and do it correctly I
think I can I just got to be smart about
it look at this place
what am I going to do how do they trust
me still
I mean I was sent back to cyber life
right go on Connor walk in just act like
you're not Debian I'll look at the
security follow me with a squiggle
thanks but I know where to go
maybe but I have my orders oh we have
security on us now so we can't just walk
around like nobody's business
we're gonna have to obey them and follow
them okay okay just keep your calm cool
all right we can do it all right we can
still do it we can still do it
oh look this field is like identifying
us wow this place is insane it's insane
what do we do there we go
where are we going up the elevator
Security's tight guys we're gonna do
this level 31 wall the wrinkles
well the warehouse - 49
what how are we gonna get to minus
forty-nine oh god guys I have no idea
what what's gonna happen stop elevator
before 31 neutralized the guards
don't touch that Oh that was suspicious
what do i do what do i do pre construct
oh god what are we gonna do we could
either attack this God and then go for
this guy's kick him and then triangle
and then Oh
take his gun I'm gonna do it oh god oh
god oh god oh god oh god oh god oh god
we're screwed we're so screwed we're so
screwed we're so screwed we're so
screwed we're so screwed we're so
screwed we're so screwed I think I used
my voice agent 54 level sub 49 geez man
it's all coming together
everyone's missions are all coming
together we need to reach the 20 minutes
that doesn't give us much time we've got
to move fast
yeah we got up Oh God oh why are you
walking there we should be running
oh no they took our God of wasted time
all right
just go really you're not even really
stupid go deactivate your felt I don't
know
hahahahahaha I deactivated her hot and
cold sensors so she doesn't feel hot and
cold anymore man they're gonna kill the
androids what do we do coming in to me
do we stay close to God we're going to
sneak past them without being noticed
we're not gonna help we'll go to make it
house they promise you okay let's go
let's do it
should we go
Jesus is so much pressure if we get
caught we'll get thrown into the camp we
do not want that
all these poor Androids oh we have to we
have to hug you no no no we have to help
lose that we have we can save Luther
right
oh god if I think about anything we can
do we can do with it stay up the mistake
come on now they wouldn't give us option
to do right unless we could I'm a risky
boy guys mistake
all right human oh I just want to go
home my wife is expecting me and we're
gonna order that call for Ian
no no please geez
tell me mean to Android - sad find a
weapon we have a weapon right what do we
do always a brick get the brick oh
that's a smart idea that's silent
makeover approach slowly he Oh cow
please a shit
shouldn't you like to see me come on now
I love you Luther
she's hating you my car you saved us
no we don't know how to thank you before
they see who are you yeah I was afraid
I'd never see you again
Oh terminal but they caught me along the
way
come on we don't have much time
okay Luther safe good I'm glad Luther's
back with us it's the original crew all
right God
what's happening now okay we got past
the guards where's this border man come
on we down a lot of time we've got like
15 minutes left
uh-oh there's guards ahead what are we
gonna do about them a checkpoint a
checkpoint we have passports it should
be okay but you never know maybe we
should take the detour and avoid the
risk
oh god reduce us yeah but it might be
safer oh god what do we do um risky or
thingy oh no we have it says 11 minutes
and we have 10 minutes we got to do the
risky oh no no no no that's more risk
now okay guys just to stay calm stay
calm we can do it so carry guns they
make me nervous just stay calm
all right Luthor don't do anything until
I say so yeah stay calm harder you
breathe
Heidi easy we have passports
you don't realize there's a curfew
civilians aren't allowed out unless
absolutely necessary
oh are you going
call our car just broke down we're
finishing on foot we live nearby you
suspect something
hmm stake home everything is fine
you alright little girl oh she's
trembling
come on wrong she's cold you idiot oh no
I say he's cold Shh
she's cold we really have to get her
home fast sorry miss but we gotta be
careful there are deviants around and
now guys are nervous
he bought an Atari I'm home oh hey wait
a minute
oh no he knows camera how do they kill
us
don't do anything loser you hear me
they're gonna shoot they're gonna kill
Alice what would you shoot
you drop this oh my god you piece of
shit work get out of it you goddamn shit
man this game trying to test me okay
come on now I'm a car boy
I know how these games work okay all
right don't try and pressure coming to
you live from Detroit where thousand
androids are marching through the city
at this very odd Oh the leader of the
deviants the one they call Marcus is at
the head of the March jeez here we go
now president we're gonna do about it
something's happening in Detroit madam
president
it's Marcus Marcus is in Detroit and
he's trying to become human okay now
this P peaceful this peaceful march
where we're gonna have one last speech
is it gonna work it didn't work last
time
it might not work this time guys god I
don't know what's gonna happen now are
we gonna talk to anyone I mean they are
what we're gonna do only truth the
moment of truth oh they want us to
surrender we want to talk about it right
oh god oh god don't shoot please this is
it guys can we convince them the media
is watching
oh my god what do we say we've got to
keep being peaceful
we don't want confrontation we are
protesting peacefully it's good now
listen to us oh my god oh my god oh my
god oh god there's no turning back now
geez we can't even turn back calm we ask
that you release all androids detained
in camps and cease all aggression
against us come on we are peaceful
peaceful we will not resort to violence
come on
but we are not leaving until our people
are free yeah what's gonna happen
Oh God did it work is it working we're
walking forward no Marcus you're gonna
die Marcus they're gonna shoot you
they're gonna shoot oh my god what do we
do raise hands we're gonna raise hands
are you going to open fire and unarmed
protesters
geez this is messed up
yeah we're not doing anything goodbye
where was that stop sharing us yes
Michel we are less than a hundred metres
away and events are unfolding as we
speak we will continue to bring you live
updates just Douglas channel 16
Michel back to you back to you Michael
oh no no no as long as we can what do we
do what do we do what do we do are we're
screwed
then I'm gonna let's go hmm oh we're
alive on Conor we're relying on Conor
Marcus is screwed oh no think they know
Conor's Damien avoid shit the camera Oh
No
oh shit shit guys am I am I gonna make
this out alive look at look at this
choices okay how am I supposed to know
which one's the right one ex oh I hit
all of them okay close a little bit of a
badass okay I wasn't expecting okay that
wall that was a lot easier than I
thought
confront Androids how how how
I can't just touch them like Marcus I
have to do something but what oh my God
look how many androids there are how do
I convert them that's the question
he is gonna cover and you gonna touch
him you can convert whoa whoa stay back
Connor and don't spare him sorry Connor
come on bastard you spittin image
what
Connor is holding hostage Connor okay
guys everyone's stories this is turning
out oh okay the boss we made it can we
come in can we leave Canadian border
oh god it's full oh no what do we do we
don't have to take it oh shit
the ticket to the Detroit bus I mean to
Canada buses full wait what oh I feel
older likes you all of us doesn't know
me for you don't move
he's a dumbass baby she yours yes yes
she's adorable
oh that's it got the sandwiches I called
your mom let's get going before you miss
our bus they got tickets in the doll
tickets right yes honey in my bag great
let's go then no did they put they took
one ticket or or two or three thank you
no and there we have three you'll be too
is it what
uh-oh sorry oh my god I am so sorry I
was shitter I don't believe it you can't
have lost them
oh maybe they weren't my backpack the
envelope must have fallen Oh
either uh I'm sorry guys boss lose me he
didn't happen to see a blue envelope
somewhere did you
it has our bus tickets in it and
Oh
what are we gonna do you can't stay here
ah well you're human so your mana seat
please for Oliver finest it's fine no no
I don't know what happened right here in
my bag
geez we had to do it guys we had to have
to have to do it because if we didn't
then I then we yeah what do you think is
gonna happen
nothing's gonna happen okay got your
cricket yep okay go ahead okay thank you
very much
yeah I'm sorry I'm sorry I
we just met these two characters okay
come on now we're not gonna risk all
just because I feel sorry for what
sucked for two people capped two
characters but I don't give a shit out
all right I just met you I don't give a
shit about you does it look like I give
a shit I hope they do die okay well I'm
gonna reassure you do the Chris then I'm
gonna die come on now
they'll be fine all right it's just a
video game guys all right I do what I
want come on now just get in the car
it's getting the bus we have to we do we
did what we had to do we did what we
have to do
we took the tickets off a real family
when we're just a bunch of androids but
is that their mission now is it job done
for Korra she did what she wanted to do
she wanted to get to Canada and she did
it she's safe I think
Oh God this is the plaza they're letting
us stay here and like protest peacefully
where'd you get all these resources from
we were just in the middle of the street
we found all these ayahs where do we
find this shit
alright don't ask questions yeah
media is watching so I may have to do my
famous speech now I had a dream I had a
dream nad androids live peacefully
between we've gotta finish the barricade
come on help me right that's it do it
that should do it there you go finish
the barricade we just took this bus stop
all right that's not gonna stop them
maybe and Moscow Bert buys us some time
it might I know it was not an easy
decision to make
I'm sure we're doing the right thing I
think we all
and to the parakeet sure Oh God look oh
they're coming closer they're coming in
they're coming in they're coming in oh
my god
they stopped Oh God they were coming in
it won't stop there they won't they're
gonna come closer are we gonna do the
attack resist shit that's the only thing
we can do
do you think Connor has any chance of
making it we're relying on Khan our only
cannon ourselves now what that's it
that's the only thing that's saved it's
stopping us right now is it gonna save
us market like it good luck oh god
what's happening are they falling back
or coming closer oh it's the FBI do
Marcus comes to talk to you Marcus what
do you want to talk about he's gonna
kill Marni he's gonna kill me
I won't try anything he said you do
realize what it's a trap
ao look that if you don't come back this
they do they do but this girl has given
me terrible advice I'm Melissa to work
because she's such a bitch
why so I think I should go this is what
women weigh who is this we need to talk
to someone in power
if they kill me and that's a chance I'll
have to take then that's a chance I'm
gonna have to goddamn pain okay I have
to come on we can negotiate we can
negotiate a deal come on oh god let's
negotiate maybe he might be like okay
we'll give you one state okay but just
just leave us alone
Oh God Oh God hello what do you have to
say in a few minutes the troops will be
ordered to charge
none of you will survive No it'll all be
over
no can avoid that Marcus by turning
yourself in surrender this is why half
the bomb surrender and I give you my
word your life will be spared
how about you Selena or I will bomb
nanny you will be destroyed shit oh shit
what happen to the other androids
demonstrating in the camps unfortunately
there were no journalists around to help
save them whoa you're it you're the last
remaining deviants that's insane that's
insane that's insane that's insane I'm
not afraid to die
if I have to give my life for what I
believe in and I won't have lived in
vain that Android
oh you seem to really care about her
what's it to you you piece of shit
didn't want her to die do you always
playing with my mind he's playing money
no you could both be free no we can't
you could forget about all this you
could no no no start a new life
someplace else just through you you're
just saying what I want to hear your
piece of shit her nice in your hands
Marcus I know your tactics just say the
word and she'll be spared no or how
about how about I bomb this place okay
I'm gonna refuse the deal guys I'd
rather die here then betray my people
well she just signed your own death
warrant
shit shit shit that campaign they're
coming oh my god already hope it's
Connor our only hope is Connor our only
hope is Connor oh my god
our only hope is Connor okay Marcus
you've done everything you can
okay Cora it's off to Canada now she
doesn't give a shit anymore she just
wants to run away but Connor you are our
only hope
whatever Marcus What did he say he said
they're gonna come kill us what a why
say to them Connor is gonna come save us
that's what I have to say
shit the humans are about to launch an
attack we owe them
and we are not afraid
if we must die today then we will die
free no your friend's life is in your
hands
oh no it's time to decide what matters
most what do I do
or the revolution listen to him
everything this says is a lie oh my god
oh god guys come on I'm sorry Hank
you shouldn't got mixed up in all this
forget Oh what would you have to do
convince I used to be just like you I
thought nothing mattered except the
mission but then one day I understood Oh
very moving Connor but I'm not a deviant
I'm a machine designed to accomplish a
task and that's exactly what I am going
to do oh no no it's time to decide who
you really are
Oh No you could have saved your
partner's life save him are you going to
sacrifice him No
shit there that this is a trick okay the
game wants me to think I have to
sacrifice Hank in order to let the
androids live or maybe they don't but
all right all right you win
oh my god
oh my god okay okay I think it's fine I
think we can just defeat this corner and
then all gods will defeat this corner
and then and then and then that's it
then we can just do the mission and save
Hank okay come on come on come on come
on come on I'll to suckle sweat chuckle
struggle is too good guys he's defending
everything I'm doing ah - oh my god I'm
on the floor I'm on the floor I'm on the
floor I'm on the things Hank I don't
know how I would have managed without
you know get rid of him we have no time
to lose no it's me Hank no I'm the real
Connor wait that's my partner
yeah there's a sec is shit shit how do
we this who's Oh what are you doing Hank
I'm the real Connor Oh God give me the
gun and I'll don't move that's the
that's the fake one come on he wouldn't
be saying that shit what do you ask you
something something you had a real
Connor would know dr. O'Connor
where do we first meet
well I checked for other bars before I
found you we went to the scene of a
homicide the victim's name was Carlos
Ortiz he remembers everything he
uploaded my memory he uploaded oh it's
my dog's name
sumo sumo his name is sumo I knew that
too oh my son what's his name Oh Cole
right Cole Cole his name was Cole and he
just turned six at the time of the
accident
it wasn't your fault lieutenant a truck
skidded on a sheet of ice and your car
rolled over Oh Cole needed emergency
surgery but no human was available to do
it so an Android had to take care of him
Oh Cole didn't make it
that's why he's why you hate androids
androids okay you think one of us is
responsible for your son's death
Cole died because a human surgeon was
too high on red ice to operate he was
the one that took my son from me geez in
this world were the only way people can
find comfort is but a fistful of powder
dad I knew about your son toot I would
have said exactly the same thing don't
listen to him Hank I'm the one who uh
yeah come on now yeah come on now Alan
it's gonna be okay I've learned a lot
since I met you Connor
maybe there's something to this you
really are alive Oh Hank now be the ones
to make the world a better place
look at that Hank actually supports our
cause what you gonna do no man we've
actually changed Hank's mind on hating
Androids because he's realized yeah it
wasn't androids fault it was the the
doctors for man so we're gonna convert
every single butt so we did it right
with Connor was our only hope and he's
now gonna change everyone's mind and
then we're gonna have an army again wake
up did it what we didn't wake up wake up
wake up
they won't wake up wake up there were
wake up there woke up wake up wake up
wake up
which
wait I'm up
oh no look at Detroit now everyone's
like oh hell no I'm told you can okay I
mean I'm surprised everyone hasn't left
for Canada in 2038 already but yeah this
is just another reason to just go man
it's just so full okay we need to get
through the border inspection there's no
way Android's can make through border
don't we have to go through metal
security gates to see if there's any
metal in US and these guys are good I'm
made of metal well maybe they made a
plastic I'm all get reduce me what's
going on
order neutral although the controls
won't leave the bus all the control guys
there's no way we'll make it out there
is no way these guys are gonna be making
it out cross the border aggression Oh
God
what do we do what do we do what do we
do what do we do they're not allowing
androids in how do we convince them
Muslim temperature checks what you're
trapped
what are we going to do
don't worry Alice we'll be fine no we're
not
man I hate forcing borders especially
into America can't get to camera we both
know that wherever soon are you gonna
get something a quiz after all and stop
us that it was so close we saw all the
letters now is your house I can save you
Kara
Oh
if there's Norway up to it he's gonna
sacrifice himself and create a
distraction I don't want that oh god
guys we're so screwed right now
Oh God Jerri Oh you risked your life to
save his car
if you and the little girl need me I'll
be there Jerry said he's gonna sacrifice
himself okay oh god what do we do what
do we do what do we do
look there's this that gold rose rose
our son looked what you mean oh god oh
god oh god oh god oh god oh god all
there's a bathroom there she got to the
bottom
okay we're gonna meet up rosemary Creek
you're going to the bathroom my daughter
needs to go to the bathroom why are they
so aggressive Oh No
did you hear that having an Android is
being arrested okay okay stay calm click
on oh god what do we do what are we do
in the bathroom how are we gonna get out
in the bathroom
look at what how we're screwed we're
screwed we're so screwed
car I'm sorry we can use Luther to
sacrifice himself or the other guy hey
roses here you safe
I'm so glad you're safe we said Oh
Jericho Reid on TV I was terrified I
thought he might have been killed
Yuri nearly lost honey all right thank
you yeah thank you
oh god what do we say they're checking
for androids we won't make it through
you have to you know what they'll do if
they catch you
oh no they're gonna kill me not as gross
I'll be there girl oh you're leaving
Detroit okay they're searching for
androids door-to-door we had to leave
before someone turned to thin Oh what
about the others geez they're crossing
the River House as we speak
Adam oh you're gonna meet them on the
other side why don't we just go with
them and this is risky risky this is sad
what do we do what we gonna do we have
to use one of the asteroids to help us
Oh God okay talk to Rose and third
option we miss woodland what's the
option okay guys I still have no idea
what the hell we are going to do okay
what kind of story understand on my
mother wanted to help you guys what
seeing if Marcus is doing
whoa Mimi realized she was right oh
you're alive you're alive
you deserve to be free they changed is
lying I just hope people realize that
one day
that's so cute but as the cutest thing
ever oh look at her she's so proud is
that definably yeah yeah it's my boy oh
you think we can make it through that
they're doing temperature checks and
everything alright alright just got in
line there but uh
Oh sacrifice self-sacrifice Luther
sacrifice Jerry or no sacrifice oh oh no
I don't want to sacrifice anyone but I
don't know
okay I'll click no sacrifice if it
messes else please if it messes I'll
redo it or we do okay it's fine I can
just redo this mission okay
it would take me a long time but I don't
know do you enjoy sense guys what my
supposed to pick ID please
okay don't they help like high security
things to tell that we're not real
shit
Oh
please
we just won't be free
welcome to Canada
I knew it I knew it do you know why that
worked because public opinion that thing
that's always showing up what the public
think of you of Androids being for
wanting to be free all that was so that
was so cute she was just like just
honestly just saying like please we're
interrupting this news bulletin to bring
you the latest news live from Detroit
just is Michael
the Army has staged an attack on the
barricade despite the fact that the
deviants were protesting peacefully oh
my god and apparently decided to put an
end to the deviance demonstration by
force this time
with mom yeah what's repellant democracy
is he fine is he dead is he alive no
shit
I could say those guys but it's on the
end of the world oh my god no no no no
this is so sad
they're killing us one by one
come on focus save your people take your
people free
oh no oh no oh God shit shit
so many controls oh god oh god oh god
that's it
Oh God come on Marcus protect them all
with for nerds we're cornered what's now
ready to go shit oh God we resisted it
all the bomb oh no oh shit
Oh
Wow
tell them to stand down
oh my god
at dawn today November 11th Barney okay
- a kiss
thousands of androids invaded the city
of Detroit oh my god
according to our sources they originated
from cyber life warehouses believed to
have been infiltrated by deviants jeez
given their overwhelming numbers and the
risk of civilian casualties I have
ordered the army to retreat we did it we
did it a QA ssin of the city is underway
at this very moment we've taken Detroit
in the coming hours I will address the
Senate to determine our response to this
unprecedented situation I know that
public opinion has been moved by the
deviants cause see perhaps the time has
come for us to consider the possibility
that androids are a new form of
intelligent life jeez one thing is
certain because I did events in Detroit
have changed the world forever
I was peaceful throughout god I told you
and may God bless the United States of
America told you I could do it
peacefully did I get the good ending in
oh my god that was so
that was so stressful this game was just
a bunch of strides in it Marcus we did
it we did it we did it we did a this is
a great day for our people
humans will have no choice now they'll
have to listen to us yeah
we're free down down down down that's it
we did it look look at the army jeez
lover
all right free we did it we've taken
Detroit they want you to speak to them
Marcus
Oh enough speaking please just end the
game please please
that's cute
we did it I think we got them I think we
got the good ending okay and that of
times we create AOR people finally
emerge from a long night we did it from
the very first day of our existence we
have kept our pain to ourselves yeah we
suffered in silence silence but now the
time has come for us to raise our heads
up and tell humans who we really are
yeah that's what I'm talking about
Oh
Oh No Connors gone back into his brain
what shit has this girl got to say now
Amanda Amanda oh there she is she's
angry there's always a dark side to
these endings on there Amanda oh I'm
scared
Amanda what's the man they're gonna do
what what's happening what's happening
yeah it was planned from the very
beginning you were compromised and he
became a deviant we just had to wait for
the right moment to resume control of
your program what zoom control what you
can't do that I'm afraid I can Conor
what don't have any regrets you did what
you were designed to do you accomplished
your mission I was programmed to become
deviant but but to do what why why this
isn't me to do that Oh God where do I go
where do I go guys come on now it's a
blizzard he's walking slow what do I do
I have to prevent this but come on what
do you want me to do game I have no idea
what you want me to do where do you want
me to go oh my god what is this what is
this over here what is this over here
come on
Connor you have to do something what are
you trying what are you trying to do
is this a control panel
the time has come for us to raise our
heads up and tell humans who we really
are and tell them that we are people too
he's gonna kill mall cursed authorities
we're a nation that's what he's been
programmed to do
this is it Oh God Oh God
come on Connor come on Connor you can do
it
reach reach l1 Oh God
too many our God come on the moment
where we forget our bitterness and
bandage our wounds no we forgive our
enemies
no no humans are both our creators and
our oppressors and tomorrow we must make
them our partners maybe even one day our
friends but the time for anger is over
now we must build a common future based
on tolerance and respect
we are alive is that it now did I save
them we are free
are we free then are we all free
yeah
yeah can I put my controller down now or
are you going to give me another game
okay I think it's fine
I think we've got to that control panel
quickly enough
we did it right
right okay we did it okay
we did it okay so if I all know how we
didn't know we didn't know away did we I
don't know I'm scared
so if I fail that oh god what the shit
I'll see that okay just leave it just
forget it forget you saw
Oh beautiful
was really funny okay so I got the best
ending I think right everyone did
everything that they were supposed to do
Marcus saved the people Cara got to
Canada and Connor
Alicia didn't die that's it happy ending
happy ending Bend is that it that's the
that's that's the credits but please
tell me that's the credits okay yeah it
is
oh my goodness guys I loved this game so
much it was a roller coaster of emotions
you know III think this is the game that
I was expecting you know and I'm not
disappointed one bit I've been way if
this game for so long and like I think
they've taken what I loved about heavy
rain and beyond two souls and they've
made like the best version of it so far
everything just improved so much and the
story was just insane and could have
gone anywhere okay but yeah guys I hope
you enjoyed the series thank you so much
for watching this series with me you
know it means a lot to me you you guys
have spent literally hours and hours and
hours watching me this week so like I
love that you know I this is why I loved
Let's Plays because it's just us hanging
out you know I've been reading the
comments you guys been watching it in
bed you know getting some snacks you
know like that's so awesome you know
like I love doing Let's Plays and I want
to do more of them but yeah I love
Detroit become human I really really
really want to go back and make another
video playing all the endings that video
will take me a long long time so I'll
only do it if this video reaches 30,000
likes okay you guys are probably all
liked it already though because if
you've made it to the end you probably
liked it but yeah I'm gonna end the
video there thank you guys so much for
watching and I'll see you in the next
video buh-bye
