okay hello everyone how is everyone
doing it is mash yourself fair today we
are back with Detroit become human now
the support in this series has been
amazing so far it looks like you guys
want an episode every single day so as
soon as this video reaches 30 thousand
wives that's a Laura likes but I know
you could do it I'll upload the next
episode try and do it so I can upload it
tomorrow okay so if you watched the last
episode I decided to go with the ending
where Alice shot Todd Alice shot her own
dad okay because that was the ending
that got you know boring party of them
too in the last 25 years boring and more
time I go to one of these I ask myself
what the hell am I doing here what am i
doing cocktail parties okay the
schmoozers to go there well it's a
chance for all those people who admire
your work to meet you and no one gives a
damn about our alright
come back tomorrow they care about us
how much money they're gonna make out of
it man this guy's depressing me okay
come on let's have a drink or the
excitement of this whole thing has made
me thirsty a drink hell yeah let's go
get drunk boys Scotch neat as usual
absolutely absolutely yeah okay but you
know what your doctor would say yeah
yeah well he can kiss my ass
I have enough to choose my own
medication okay let's pour him a bloody
glass of scotch why not God Dan stabbed
it with the controller oh we're looking
at did you leave the light on a studio
call we don't know no I'm sure I didn't
Oh call the police we go break it geez
this is Carl man friends and Roy 289 41
Lafayette Avenue I've just returned home
and found the lights on there may have
been a break-in whoa whoo troll call
check it out the police there's a break
Marcus no I'm gonna come with you you
wanna come with me oh god I gotta go
what if there's a guy I gotta go kill
him okay no take the old man all right
you take the old man okay and just leave
me out of it oh it's leo
it's him leo what are you doing oh you
refused to help me so I'm helping myself
he broke into his house it what some
people pay for this shit don't touch
them
yeah look they're all gonna be mine
sooner or later anyway well the whole
thing is a down payment on my
inheritance Marcus get him away from
there get him out of here get him out of
here
okay I will all right Leo you're gonna
leave okay order advice or warn a reason
let's try reasoning with them
be reasonable this isn't gonna get you
anywhere yeah never do don't tell me to
go away Oh What's Wrong dad
not good in the field not perfect enough
Oh God Marcus don't defend yourself you
hear me don't defend myself why don't
you understand but why go ahead hit me
what you waiting didn't think your man
act like one Oh God this is no fab
matter too much of a pussy I must decide
for myself oh my god what the don't
defend yourself Marcus's ticket Marcus
going AWOL Marcus is going crazy he's
trying to break the rule break the wall
right now
broke it he broke it he broke Leo oh my
god oh my god I killed his own son
I'm sorry oh my god I'm sorry oh shit oh
boy shit Carl I shit oh I didn't mean to
I I didn't okay I did call I'm sorry oh
no I'm going crazy they'll destroy you
Marcus oh yeah they will you gotta go
they're gonna throw me and check it out
of here
good idea Oh God Bank explain say
nothing
conjure uh go go go here to go Carl you
are looking at home get out get out now
oh go oh shit
- no no
did I die
no I died
no guys okay okay okay okay there's two
endings to that maybe I didn't have to
kill Marcus okay I want to see what
happens if I don't kill Leo his son
we're gonna endure no nothing no pain
because he gets Oh No
Oh Carl no surprise you don't wanna
shame oh my god leave okay please don't
call don't leave remember Marcus don't
let anybody tell you you know I do one
call tutorial dad no please
he calls him dad this is all your fault
oh my god this never would have happened
if it weren't for you oh my god oh god
the police are gonna the police are
gonna think no no who's the
what either way I still die Marcus doc
Marcus can't die okay there's nothing I
did there okay okay okay all right guys
right now
leave a comment which ending would you
prefer me to keep for the rest of the
story a where Leo
accuses Marcus but that means you know
call dies or Leo dies but they still
mistake me so leave a comment which one
you want me to do all right
oh it's my interrogation from last
episode happen before you took that
knife he pushed him oh he's not allowed
to be in the Attic three weeks we know
that I remember trying to run away
because he's a robot
say something
he's not talking unless it's unless it's
to Connor
yeah he'll only talk to Connor fuck it
I'm out of here yeah I'm out of here go
yeah it's off yeah come on Connor Connor
is the only one who could bloody save
the day
tank neutral okay wasting our time
interrogating machine will get nothing
out of it yeah it's a machine it's not
you must try roughing up a little after
all it's not human androids don't feel
pain oh I would only damage it and that
wouldn't make it talk okay
deviance also have a tendency to
self-destruct when they're in stressful
situations Oh smartass self-destruct
what should we do then what would I need
explode once what would add we have to
lose yeah do it
go ahead suspects all yours okay so they
said that he'll self-destruct if we fail
I kind of want to see what happens if I
fail III want to do this mission again
because I want to I want I don't want to
do I want to see what happens in this
mission but I kind of want to pick all
the bad choices
okay we know what what to do though okay
I'm gonna pickle with a bat bad choices
reach optimal stress for confession so
we need to lower his stress should we
try and do it first Oh God
let's use that show the photos okay oh
look at these days dead I don't know
it's him looking eyes it mister guy you
killed its Carlos Ortiz yeah
stabbed 28 28 times ridiculous oh yeah
was written on the wall in his blood
oh I'm stressing it out is that good or
bad fit I detect an instability in your
program wall it can trigger an
unpleasant feeling Wow fear in humans
whoa okay we're learning stuff about
Androids and how they work comfort
reassure let's blame him you're accused
of murder whoa you know you're not
allowed to endanger human life under any
circumstances so why'd you do it do you
have anything to say in your defense
yeah
uh-oh I'm stressing them out is that
good or bad I don't know I think it's
good right um let's drain him you don't
seem to understand the situation
Oh you killed a human yeah you killed
I'll tear you apart if you don't say
something uh-oh I'm stressing him out is
that good
probe memory if you won't talk I'm going
to have to probe your memory no oh
please don't do that
oh that worked huh he doesn't want to be
probed what what are they gonna do to me
whoa now we got him talking
we got him talking now all right we got
him in the perfect decision they're
going to disassemble you to look for
problems in your bio components oh we're
stressing them out I have no choice if
they want to understand what happened oh
we're stressing him out why did you tell
them you followed me Oh Oh what you mean
cuz I must have left me there because uh
I was programmed to hunt deviants like
you whoa
I just accomplished my mission oh yeah
con a straightedge oh he doesn't want to
die guys I feel bad oh I can't I can't
do it man I gotta juice my approach what
approach I have no idea
pressure eight to probe its memory or
convince a jury probe it you leave me no
choice
oh no no oh god oh god
oh we're probing is memory what the hell
is this
we stopped him oh my god oh my god whoa
he looked him in the eye did that's why
he went crazy
oh I feel so for the robot oh is this
its memory
he's so stressful you know what happened
he did it oh is that as I did is that
did I do it
oh god guys okay I guess that was one
way of doing it but he didn't want me to
think do I be cold uh-oh and we will go
back to cyber life to be disassembled oh
it's better this way
oh my god oh I feel so bad I think I
just I just okay this isn't the ending
that I don't want I want to do oh my god
what the hell are you doing destroying
it oh no it's destroying itself oh no oh
no itself that's enough you need to stop
that right now
Oh God come on come on change guys I I
didn't think I could die I thought he
pulled out a gun shot me and shot
himself
okay guys I'm sorry but I can't do that
ending okay I refuse to have that ending
Android shot Connor and itself so if I
if I didn't intervene do you think he
would just would have just shot shot
shot himself and not Connor I don't know
I don't know I don't know okay we're
gonna give up Oh God oh he just he just
he just dies he just dies by killing
himself
that was bad
okay well at least Connor didn't die
that time Jesus okay I did the exact
same thing except I didn't intervene
I've got another ending okay there's
only two more endings I'll quickly find
them out okay all right this time we're
not gonna probe its memory we're gonna
pressure it 128
stab 28 we didn't want to leave him a
chance huh yeah did you feel anger anger
hate not always getting stressed
pressure he was bleeding
oh no begging you for mercy begging for
mercy you stabbed him again and again I
know you killed him oh no again stress
you say it oh please I'll just say I
killed him is it that hard to say yeah
Joba you killed him just say it say it
just say it rolls off me every day
oh no I did whatever he told me but oh
it was always something wrong Oh
then one day huh one day he took a bat
and started hitting me
oh poor oh boy for the first time I felt
oh oh
he broke just like everyone else scared
Markus and Cara have broken scared he
might destroy me scared I might die oh
he's scared robot for getting feelings
so I grabbed a knife and I stabbed him
in the stomach
whoa that's crazy felt better he felt
better so I stabbed him again damn and
again and again until he collapsed until
he was dead you pieces shaped there was
blood everywhere
damn what is right and wrong in this
game oh my goodness what the shit is
death uh the statue sculpture in the
bathroom you made it right what does it
represent
yes an offering an offering and offering
so I'll be saved what died hell they
believe in bloody religion offering the
sculpture was an offering an offering to
whom yeah Tory night alright not only re
night - save us - denarii nine uh or in
or a nine what's an Ori night it was
written on the bathroom wall yeah what
does it mean what does it mean the day
shall come the day shall come and he
will no longer be slaves oh my god they
see themselves as slaves they become
self-aware or humiliate shave become
self-aware we will we will be masters
Jesus Christ ra9 who is ra9 who is it
Oh God the writing why did you write I
am Alive on the wall yeah he used to
tell me how was nothing oh that was just
a piece of plastic oh I had to write it
to tell him he was wrong
jeez it's wrong was kind of crazy when
did you start feeling emotion
yeah when before he used to beat me and
I never said anything okay
but now I realized it wasn't fair wasn't
bad I felt anger anger and then I knew
what I had to do he had to maybe kill
him with a bloody knife that's what
anybody did why did you hide in the
Attic yeah why instead of running away I
didn't know what to do yeah he's a robot
isn't know what to do for the first time
there was no one there to tell me damn
oh I was scared I got a confession I'm
done jeez okay so no one has to die now
he just gets thrown in jail right all
right let's get up oh god he stressed
out though I stressed him out to 100% so
maybe he might not kill me this time
don't kill me don't kill me don't kill
me shit to kill me piece of shit alright
this time I didn't press him too much
alright I kept it within the boundary so
we shouldn't kill him since last time
okay here we go
all right all right let's go oh he's
stressing out open intervene you
shouldn't touch it get out destructive
appeals threaten yes they are this got
it there's gonna tell me what to do no
don't you don't understand
if it self-destructs we won't get
anything out of it again just shut your
mouth no no we're gonna move this
asshole or what no I am no don't let you
do that oh no all of them what that's
enough
mind your own business Hank Oh
Hank's got my back yeah yeah yeah after
I move out the way
piece of shit she was gonna shoot me
alright so that's cool so the Android
doesn't die everything is alright
everything's alright just calm down now
just calm the hell down nobody's gonna
hurt you woah please don't touch it I
calmed him down let it follow you out of
the room
it won't cause any trouble yeah yeah
because he's shotgun last time the truth
is the truth is inside I unlocked that
guy's I unlock something by doing that I
feel like we should get we should do
this ending right where he trusts me
okay so those are all the endings except
for one of them I know there's an ending
where the robot just shoots himself and
doesn't shoot Connor but I can't be
bothered to do that see look okay so
yeah if you didn't intervene he would
end up just shooting himself but not
Connor can't bother to do that let's
just move on we must be going back to
Korra now I don't know like our is the
main story which I care only care about
the other two characters Marcus we don't
really know what that story's about yet
and Connor you know hasn't really
developed into a story except finding
out what this ra9 is and why our robots
suddenly breaking out of there you know
they're their masters and stuff ah they
are they're still in the bus
oh poor Cora and and the little girl in
the line all the end of the night what
you mean Oh wake up Alice we got a goal
ah poor Alice oh come on Alice we gotta
go man where are we gonna go so that
this is what this mission is we have to
figure out what what Cora and Alice are
gonna do okay so yeah like I said I went
with the ending we're stay here and
shelter I went with the ending where
Alice shot the dad shelter
do you know if there's any other place
we could spend the night I have no idea
whoa she'll have to leave
oh you're not help for you Oh
poor honest look at her
all right well I guess we gotta go and
there's nowhere to stay all right bye
Jesus so what our Alice oh no it's it's
raining outside what uh what are they
gonna do Alice is all cold oh okay we
gotta pee we're gonna find out a place
to say we've got to find our place to
stay no matter what no matter what we
got to go ah poor little girl find
shelter for the night okay oh there's a
couple of Android tastes should we try
speaking to him oh hello oh you know
anywhere we could spin the name uh just
ignores me what a piece of shit yeah
that robot is how the robots are meant
to be but you know all these robots are
going crazy because they're being pushed
to the edge oh hey stupid go Alice were
you walking off to you stupid girl hold
my hand now followed Alice and she's
just gonna sit down here goddamn stupid
girl I'm trying to protect you you're
not lost oh we have nowhere to go
I know someone who can help you that
shit is the sky oh my god what am i
doing huh
am i probing we try to spring some
information we need a place for tonight
it was a garbage man and got all and
went back in his garbage truck so he
told me that someone can help me is it
this ra9 shit it must be okay so I think
this game's gonna be going down the
route of you know oh there's a
convenience store here let's go here but
yeah I think this games going down the
route of you know all the robots will
have like a revolution and all go crazy
oh we can go in the store okay let's go
in the stall find some help convince
cashier to help okay what do you want
with a little girl and we have nowhere
to go
yeah could you spare some money so we
can get a room for tonight
that's so funny a homeless Android oh
that's the best yet this is a
convenience store not the Salvation Army
oh you better go if you're not gonna buy
anything but I got money I'm just a
robot
oh man still from the cash register I
can do that okay shoplift off oh my god
okay guys you know I this is this is why
I bought the gun this is why I wanted to
keep the gun boy cash money let the gun
pull out the goddamn gun oh thread got
your choice let me knows I am gone oh my
god way don't say for me oh just be too
nice
okay it's wait outside while I rob this
guy please just trust me yeah let's just
trust me okay don't let me shoot you you
bitch okay just go outside be a good
little girl why not go what this guy and
take his money
okay I wonder I want to see what happens
guys okay I'm not gonna live Oh
shit
let me do that oh my god I'm going crazy
I'm going crazy
gosh sure I'll be casting the register
put it on the counter put put it on the
counter right now don't make me shoot
you out you know will you know I will
hmm hey guys oh my god stay
whoa she's so she's mom whoa
karma is a savage she's pretending
everything's okay Wow this cheese in the
middle of roping this guy for any faxes
Oh
okay oh my god you think is gonna rat me
out things gonna call the police oh yeah
yeah go yeah you go take your bed good
thing I stayed all right now back to the
goddamn robbery put the money in the
goddamn bag go and put them up running
back put the money in the bag
turn around back off open the register
open the goddamn register go on do it
slowly now no sudden movements otherwise
you'll die come on come come on don't
even think about it all right now put
the money in the bag put the money in
the cock down bag killer
cash on the counter but the Gaunt gone I
could have gone to you okay you know
sudden movements probably this is how
I'm getting money why am I even get any
money anyway you better get out of here
before things get nasty
we must are we go to convince if we go
to convince if that little girl inside
yeah little girl over there oh she got
Alice she's 9 years old
Anna this is the worst night of her life
yes just shot her own dad all I need is
a few dollars so we can find a place for
tonight yeah yes you better give it up
leaving I'm not leaving otherwise
someone's gonna die tonight oh man he's
realizing it he's realizing it his
pudding has gone down and he's giving me
the money
yeah that's all I had to if you should
have given money in the first place okay
ads are threatened them with a gun yeah
give me some money
$10 what misma Scooby $20 you piece of
shit okay so we have money now so what
do we do with this money do we go to a
hotel okay to put the gun away
well I mean I've got the gun I might as
I use it okay so we have the money all
right Alice wait how did you get it oh I
just I guess the cashier for a few
dollars but wait around okay okay anyway
now that I got money we can now go to oh
look there's a motel over there okay we
can now go to that alright forty dollars
is that how much he gave me I hope so
all right enter no androids allowed oh
I'm not allowed in because I'm an
Android we can't Alice they'll never
give a link to an Android oh and they
wouldn't give it to a little girl either
go somewhere else
get rid the uniform in the laundromat
maybe there's some clothes in the
laundry mat all right let's enter the
laundry man okay
all right at least she's not the cold
that's good all right so we need to find
some clothes I'm guessing we're gonna
have to steal it program complete okay
oh oh we're gonna steal his clothes
harley sleeping okay use the ball game
of course I'm really okay with stealing
we have to okay how are we gonna find a
place to stay tonight
I mean there must be other endings of
how we can find a place to stay but yeah
I want to see what this ending is first
okay so uh screw it let's rob the
convenience store let's
oh no my relationship with Alice has
gone down oh well who gives a shit
okay all right be careful easy easy
oh yeah grab it yeah boy all right gone
pick it up all right cool
oh we're steve-o we can still is its
other thing too this poor guy all right
still it gone and easy peasy we just
stole his clothes yeah boy all right act
like nothing happened all right Alice we
need to get you changed girl come on
Alice put on some clothes okay I don't
give a shit if I stole it all right
we've got to put you in some warm
clothes
Oh Oh No oh that was the police do you
think they were looking for me and
nearly woke up that guy all right cool
so let's put on these random clothes and
covered up her head thing
so yeah maybe we we will not be seen as
an Android now all right cool so now we
can out go to the motel all right let's
go keep exploring now let's go to the
motel okay yeah I know there's multiple
endings I kind of want to see what what
else you can do in this level because
there is lots of Secrets you know and I
think you know there's lots of story
which you miss out on by choosing some
endings which is the whole point of a
multiple choice game but I want to see
everything so let's go to the motel
hello can we have a room like a room
yeah that'll be $40 okay
$40 good thing I robbed this convenience
store okay take the money name and
address all right take it and uh Oh a
dress oh yeah I don't have an address do
I okay I don't know what you sign it
gotcha I gotcha because I see fine
driver's license oh no we were in a rush
I think you forgot it at home no worries
oh we can deal with it tomorrow okay
good good thing yeah come on now it's
not a big deal just give me a room okay
so yeah all right have a good night we
got a motel room all right so we got a
place to stay
probably the nicest place to stay
because if we didn't rob the convenience
store or didn't go to the motel well
where would we go sleep on the street
all right so let's just go to our hotel
or motel room oh all I know is you'll be
nice and warm tonight
yeah that's all that matters really
isn't it unlock the door there you go in
the room we go open it all right this
place looks pretty good
we both got about I mean Cara doesn't
need to sleep because she's a robot
bother yeah where she's safe
the little girl's safe and that's what
that Mars is now right Alice you stupid
girl all right
good thing we stole those clothes all
right you stupid Isles girl anyway oh
man I just got a gun right now you okay
yeah give me your coat we'll try and dry
it damn all right okay so I think we're
good I think that's that's the mission
all right oh poor Alice I feel bad for
her all right her mom left out honor and
then she killed her own dad and now
she's she's in there in the hands of a
robot that's gone rogue
okay well that's funny I put the clothes
in the radiator all right dumbass tasks
talk to her and it's your key sorry
about you know everything
killing your dad me
oh I was here he's so upset with me Oh
all I wanted was a life like other girls
Oh poreless mediated something wrong
maybe I wasn't good enough
whoa that's why he was always so angry
oh she wanted us to be a family
oh she wanted him to love me to love me
they're so sad why can we just be happy
oh she doesn't know she that I would
know it what to say never leave me right
it'll never go okay that's a big promise
I promise okay I gotta really be
together forever
Oh Alice is so cute I feel so sad for
her she's had such a hard life and now I
will look after you don't worry Alice
okay I will look after you I would make
sure no one will let he hurts you ever
again okay now go get some sleep because
this is what you need this poor poor
girl you should sleep yeah go to sleep
your stupid girl all right go on bedtime
all right you've had a rough day all
right
robbing a convenience store you know
shooting your own dad it's been a long
day all right it's time for some sleep
okay what do we do now turn off the
light here we go
all right
ah she's sleeping sir Oh give a kiss Oh
Steve Dallas goodnight get him better
walk away
car is so cute and caring ah just lays
out with Aaron beds
oh no relationships gone up with Alex Oh
family okay so oh my god okay it looks
like there was oh my god oh my god oh my
God look how much endings there are oh
god okay Wow
Oh actually there's not actually a lot
of endings okay so could the convenience
store we didn't have to rob it so we
don't have to do that but it looks like
there's only two more other endings so
let's quickly do that all right so if we
stick to the right I believe we there's
a place that we can stay right here
oh look okay sleep in a band 'end car
that's the other option we got no choice
come on Alice you've got to sleep enough
in some duct TOS random car open this
shit come on Alice we got to go oh man
okay this is not as nice as the motel
option but you know we got to do it all
right the car should we go in it looks
abandoned it looks abandoned let's go
break oh god oh god oh
Stanback house stand back Alice a bitch
gone come on we got to go in sleepy
tighty all right open the door
and that's it we're loud in alright well
this is better than being in the rain
and it's only for one night
so can't sleep in car now it's dry
inside his drawing video fiend is here
yeah oh well I go to get all the endings
girl so uh sorry we gotta go we're
better off staying Alice yeah you know
he's for us to be safe yeah that's the
most important just for tonight come on
go oh man this stinky ass old car I
wouldn't want to sleep in a that to be
honest yeah but I mean car is there to
protect you
it's only for one night I mean you
probably should have thought twice about
shooting your own dad then
oh my relationships gone down but I've
got a warmer up by putting some earth
some dirty old blankets she found in the
car okay well this is warm
there you go Alice why did he ever love
me
okay this dumb our speech again oh of
course we will a little bit we'll be
together forever now go get some sleep
in this dirty-ass car yeah that's I
don't like this ending this endings just
too boring I think there's another
ending which we'll do and I think the
other ending has like some important
shit in it because the flow chart looked
a lot lot deeper but yeah the reason why
I'm doing all the endings is because I
really want you guys to pick your
favorite ones okay so that was that the
second ending and I believe there's just
one more and this one has way more
options okay okay so right behind us is
an abandoned building and apparently we
can go in this look all right abandoned
house at least we'd be out of the rain
okay so apparently there's something in
this house it's always got wailing it's
just for one night and no one there for
us here all right god damn it these
little girls okay they don't know that
it's important that we just stay safe
all right so we can squat in the house
all right so we need to find some pliers
first so the pliers can be found near
this parked car right here grab that so
now we can use the pliers to open up
this or I go snippy snippy snippy all
right boom boom boom and boom okay all
right so we've snipped open and now we
can now go in this abandoned house but
be careful be careful don't hurt
yourself Oh God careful oh are you all
right
oh wait hot my arm yes it's just a
scratch
careful yeah be careful I let's don't
let that happen to you okay all right so
come on now it's your turn
all right so I think this is like the
the middle option you know so we didn't
have to rob anyone we didn't have to
steal anything we found we're just
having a look yeah we found a house
which you know wouldn't have to do
anything bad you know like it's
abandoned there's nothing nothing wrong
with stay in the band house if no one's
living in there all right
there's anyone in there god I hope not I
hope it is abandoned guys that'd be
scary is the door unlocks you think I'm
probably not right
oh god yeah you have to go through the
back way Alice oh no everybody gone Oh
God
Alice where'd you go where'd you go
where'd you go oh my god
wait what are you doing what doesn't
like visitors they're nasty they may
hurt Roth
she's just a little girl she's not gonna
hurt you girl she's nothing early
what anyway what does that matter maybe
she was to her brother no she's a little
girl were you talking about
um I don't know what the humans did to
you but she had nothing to do with it
she had all humans gonna hurt us
but Ralph won't let them hurt him again
no oh you mean injury - I'm an Android
okay
we've nothing to be afraid of yeah I'm
not humans please just gonna need ya
come on
visitors are dangerous uh-oh
tickets are out look what they did all
into his face this guy looks like the
same guy who was in the trash that the
garbage man oh god the god oh oh no I
don't abide diaries the gun that is the
gun he done any harm you have my word
but I can't use the gun not on Ralph
not on Ralph okay look all right he
trusts me trust me absolute finds it
difficult to control himself some sages
fear makes him do things he regrets
Ralph aside in hard times oh he's just
so scared the humans oh you can stay if
you want
I like Rao Raph won't hurt you oh we
should stay because I want to see what
happens
Ralph's crazy god I like him though it's
my funny
Rafa's lifter since you ran away oh okay
no one knows he lives here oh okay it's
coming to squat from time to time
you know Ralph just hides till he leaves
okay all right so let's go in I rap out
they like the attitude have like a
ten-year-old alright I mean I'm sure
gonna say I hope Ralph don't kill me
though you can make yourself at home
here okay Ralph is gonna go into the
other room all right he like to stay
with you
Oh things to do yep okay
weird guy alice is freaking out right
now she doesn't know what to say here
she's like nope oh poor Alice let's see
what you can use got threatened by and
with a knife and now he's gonna pretend
it didn't happen okay yes if you're
asked down I'll start a fire okay all
right what do you guys think of Ralph I
like him and I trust him he's just a
robot that's gone rogue again all right
make a bed for Alice goddamn it just do
that self dumbass go all right let's
start a fire make Alice warm okay of
course they would make me do it
there you go all right there's your fire
Alice come warm up near the fire okay I
do you guys trust Ralph I'm not sure
should we go to over to him and speak to
him uh-huh or a nines on the walls this
is what I am alive he's doing exactly
what the other would the other robot did
hi a 9 or a 9 what does this mean what
does that mean
what does it name but what the symbols
are you writing that
it's cuz I don't know I don't know it
must be some bug in there software
because the other robot wrote it too and
had like a shrine where they would write
re9 on the walls and stuff it must mean
something or find out later on in the
game I guess but yeah anyway let's just
leave Ralph to do his ra9 shit okay all
right take these pillows from here this
will make a good bed for her
alright set up the bed okay so we did
everything we set our bed
zarbor to fire we met wrap you can close
it this is why I think this ending guys
because it's not much but at least
you'll be one you know because we meet
Ralph and Ralph might be important for
the letter for the later episodes
so yeah in my opinion we should go with
this ending I think it's the exact same
but we meet Ralph so I think we should
go with this ending okay it's the same
conversation so yeah so with that being
said I think that's pretty much it for
this video I want you guys to comment
right now on what ending you prefer and
would like me to continue for this
series you know my opinion so yeah yeah
I think that's it okay if I see yeah you
go to sleep now I got a bed please
stupid girl there you go can I sleep
next to her like I did last time kiss
her good
and then we're gonna lie with Alice
alright so that was it
all right cool I'm glad I got to see
every every ending to this level you
know just for my sake there was lots of
little things which I could have done
but it doesn't matter there we go
good night end of the mission is Ralph's
gonna come in and scare us last second
no okay that's fine
all right cool cool cool cool all right
guys I think I'm going to end the video
there that was me getting all the
endings of this level I think and yeah
let me know which ending you'd prefer
and yeah leave a like as soon as we
reach what I say 30,000 likes a lot
brother next episode you know these
recordings are like two and a half hours
having to edit that down and doing that
in a day so don't feel too bad if I
don't upload the Detroit episode
tomorrow but I'm gonna try so hard to do
that either way though guys so much for
watching this series I am so excited to
see where this story's gonna fold out
and turn out okay and I'll see you in
the next video man so they're the guys
bar back
