hey guys it is master selfie yes we are
blocking it again but today we are in
Thailand baby this is currently my view
at the moment doesn't it look absolutely
beautiful
so I'm actually having a family vacation
at the moment that's the reason why I'm
in Thailand and I've got so many fun
things lined up so I thought you know
Mars or vlogging so as I'm filming this
is actually the fifth of May which is my
birthday so by the time you're watching
this obvious it's not my birthday
anymore but you know if you wanna leave
a comment wishing me happy birthday you
know you can do that first thing that I
want to do today is take a dip in this
beautiful beautiful pool look at this ah
I needed this swim I needed it a
waterslide
that's why
all right so while I'm out here I
actually rented out a motorcycle I have
never ridden a motorcycle before this
trip okay so I rode it a little bit
yesterday but today I want to go and
actually you know get some footage of me
on this bike which bikes you think's
mine oh yeah it is this one baby okay
look at this beautiful beautiful thing
okay so I'm gonna put my tripod on top
of this motorcycle okay and imma take
you guys with me
okay so currently we are at a shooting
range now guns are illegal in England
okay so I have never ever ever shot a
gun before
alright so when I heard there's a gun
range range in Thailand I thought yeah
hell yeah we're gonna shoot a gun today
I think I'm gonna do the color for 45
and this year I could do a sniper I'm
scared it's gonna kick back okay so I
decided not to do the assault rifle
instead I'm gonna do the shotgun and
look at the size of these bullets boy
all right
evening now mesh yourself is all dressed
up look how handsome he is looking right
now so what we're gonna be doing for the
evening because it is my birthday me and
my family are gonna be going out to a
club and we're also gonna have a nice
meal you know celebrate my 23rd birthday
and yeah I hear Thailand has I'm in a
pocket one by the way which kind of
sounds like like a swear word popper
pocket I know yeah I hear Phuket has a
really great nightlife so yeah let's
check it out
okay I'm a place called bangle
it's very loud okay but it's hella lit
right now
all right so we found like your gaming
off and this place looks so cool all
right like I just sort of on the strip
all right and it has like VR and stuff
but it looks amazing I have to do
everything
whoa we gotta bleep in the tuk-tuk boy
look at this cool ass ride that we just
got home okay the guy said that
concludes my evening I had a great great
great great great birthday okay we
chilled by the pool we went to the
shooting range I rode a motorcycle for
the first time I had an amazing dinner
with my family and yeah we ended the
night you know just going to the VR bar
you know clubbing that sort of thing but
yeah that concludes my first day and my
birthday but yeah I've got a whole
nother six days over here I think or
five I don't even know but uh yeah let's
see what I do tomorrow because I'm going
to bed now because Brannon is tired and
sleepy this hotel is filled with little
lizards that just crawl around who
really goes okay I'm going to bed I am
going to bed nope nope nope nope no
please do not come in my hotel room for
guys I walk to my hotel room and look
what's on my door okay is really massive
okay I don't want to get close look at
it it's good okay we have to get rid of
it okay shall I kick it oh my goodness
look there's an elephant are so cute
okay so the elephant is in the little
water at the moment and we're actually
gonna go jump in and shower with this
elephant okay
this is so gorgeous
okay so I just rolled on top of this
elephant and took loads of pictures with
it I love this place they take such good
care these elephants you get to bathe
with them shower with them
alright they just feed them as well like
this guy is so adorable I'm not used to
so many wild chickens just hey just
chill it wait guys do it okay
don't make me you okay okay so currently
we are at the Big Buddha okay we came on
the top of the whole of Phuket Wow this
thing is massive and beautiful look at
this whoa so big
monkey monkey ah there he is look at him
such a cute little boy Oh scratching
your leg go favor scratching look happy
monkey these monkeys are so cute and
adorable look at them he's just looking
at me look at them he's like what is
this guy doing okay don't make me steal
his camera okay he's so calm and cool I
love these monkeys we have a mr. and
mrs. monkey over here okay they're
trying to chill out all right I just
keep bothering them by sticking a camera
in their faces while they also itchy
Oh okay so what we're doing now is we
are going to be doing zorbing do you
know what zorbing is is these big big
balls and you just go inside of it and
then you're gonna roll down this long
long long hill look at this okay I've
never done this before but it looks so
cool
okay so Buchan has a bunch of beautiful
beautiful islands so right now we're
gonna be taking one of these small
little boats okay I'd be traveling from
island to island so yeah let's see how
beautiful these islands
I'm so close to my monkey I can almost
touch it what you eat you know I'm sorry
I scared you
Mikey give me back one Chris you dude
stole my crisps he's like no no no my
crisps now monkey you caught you have to
leave us now and give us by God British
monkey you can't just keep chilling here
okay you have to go hi monkey enjoy it
okay the water's pretty clear okay
there's a fishies in the water so right
now I'm gonna go snorkeling
okay we have made it to our first beach
is
beautiful overhead
now I'm gonna go for a quick swim all
right man I love being in alright let's
go for a swim for school ah now I should
probably mention I can't actually swim
so especially when I'm holding my phone
so I like drown okay
a new beach now and I've noticed that
you can rent out some jet skis on this
Beach
I've actually never jet skis okay so oh
yeah we're gonna be doing that baby
okay guys now I know this vlog has been
all over the place okay but I have now
left Thailand
okay I've left pew care and now I am in
Kuala Lumpur Malaysia baby this is gonna
be my room for the next week and I have
an amazing amazing view I'm gonna wake
up to this beautiful beautiful view okay
oh my goodness I would love to get a
place like this in real life okay I
still live with my parents so I don't
get that much of a great view but look
at this it's so beautiful so Kuala
Lumpur is actually a city okay and
Phuket has way more stuff to do so i'ma
try and vlog as much as I can while I'm
in Kuala Lumpur but you know we'll see
what I can do here
okay so at the moment I'm in some random
mall okay but the thing about this mall
is that they have a theme park in side
the mall does banjaara Times Square
theme park where they have a popular
coaster in the mall
oh okay apparently the roller coaster
got stuck and now they're taking people
off that man okay probably I probably
shouldn't be going on this then okay
this is the worst horror house I've seen
look at this
all right so the one place where I
really wanted to go when I was in
Malaysia is Sun way Lagoon now Sunway
Lagoon is basically like a massive
massive theme park okay they have a few
stock a water pot - how about for Fox in
one okay and we're gonna do that today
baby I'm pretty sure I'm gonna die this
roller coaster Johnny okay oh we're
going boys
oh oh i'ma die i'ma die guys oh no oh no
oh
now gonna do 3d show baby big screen oh
my god is the 3d stones oh my god
look at this big thing okay you're gonna
go through here and then you're gonna
land in this big circle we're gonna do
this right now baby
Jesus oh my god there goes Frankie look
at her go
okay he's gonna drop in like so quickly
he's a so scary
johnny is scared of roller coasters and
heights so I think it's pretty screwed
you might join me you got this you got
it Johnny
oh no oh he's going he's going
three ah there he is he's alive but why
guys
okay I'm about to do bungee jumping I
have never done bungee jumping before
more let's do it boys
so guys that concludes my Thailand and
Malaysia vlog if you like the idea of
master cell blogging whenever he goes
away
leave a like okay because I put in so
much effort into this vlog and I tried
to do so many fun things so that this
video would be quite fun and I thought
it was pretty cool I just want to thank
you guys so much for watching me and
supporting me okay if it wasn't for you
guys I wouldn't be allowed to do like
these awesome awesome things like
traveling now I am back home okay I'm
trying to get back into the rhythm of
YouTube videos okay but yeah now that
I'm back home I've got so many awesome
videos to come before you go though I
would love if each and every single one
of you followed my Instagram Instagram
com forward slash mess yourself okay I'm
trying to like get into photography
alright post a lot more stuff on there
and I do post a lot of behind the scenes
stuff on YouTube on like the YouTube
stuff and everything like that so yeah
you're missing out otherwise if you're
not following me there so I would really
appreciate it if you went and follow me
on Instagram okay that would be really
cool but yeah enough talking thank you
guys so much for staying and watching
this whole vlog okay if you did you're
so awesome because it means that you
care that so much about me that you're
interested in what I got up to for this
past month and yeah like I just love you
guys so much okay and yeah I'll see you
in the next video okay thank you guys so
much for watching love you Baba
yeah
