hello everyone how is it or doing it is
Master selfie today we are playing
something
frontier three baby boys I am so excited
to be bringing you this video because
the people who made this game
alright came up to me and asked can we
put you in our game and I was like what
are you talking about this is a game
where you shoot zombies how are you
gonna put me in the game so what they
have done they're taking my reactions
and put them inside the mobile game so
basically if you go and download this
game my face will pop up on the on the
left side of the screen just like one of
my youtube videos and it'll kind of be
like a let's play except you're the one
playing it and I'm dead like reacting to
shit so I am so excited to try this one
out if you want to try out to go to play
clips calm /ms yourself you have to go
to this link okay it's down in the
description alright you have to go to
this link if you want the version where
I'm in it alright it's free on iOS and
on Android alright so if you want to try
it where you see me in the game or I go
to that link okay cuz it's gonna be
funny
alright so I haven't tried it before but
yeah let's open the game and see what
happens
oh it's nice yourself err well hang a
second looks like you've got some
zombies stop looking at me and bloody
kill them okay okay wait is it so cheap
how often will I pop up then no that's
so funny okay so bad guys it's basically
the game alright you got you got zombies
coming at you left Ryan said nah
oh god shoot him quick well real oh oh
no yeah we kill you brand it man oh no
you should kill Brian we might kill
okay so this is basically a zombie
frontier three alright is basically a
massive shooting zombies games you've
got loads of guns to wear waves of
zombies will come and approach you and
you have to shoot them one by one the
next mission will be more difficult your
current gun won't be enough for it so
now have to bite a bloody juicy bloody
gun or 1000 coins okay I'm gonna clip it
okay so we can hold two guns at once
alright start look you with the shiny
new gun now kill even more zombies I'm
soaked you an adorable is ridiculous
that's right forma for you bitch
look-alike guys it's something so funny
the fact that like I'm in this mobile
game now isn't that so funny
alright so we've got to upgrade our guns
now because each level you know the
zombies get tougher and tougher tougher
so we can spend our gold to upgrade the
bullets on the guns okay also now we can
bloody gold so they asked me to send in
a bunch of clips but they did this like
a month ago so I've forgotten what's
happening protect the survivors don't
worry go oh help you shoot up
my rescue it's okay little girl I came
and saved you be careful I was the
captive pickled on the sofas everywhere
look what they're wearing there were in
baseball outfits play baseball reload
your gun
quick quick okay already reload my gun
but thanks for telling me that Brandon
to level two we even get rewards shit
by the way guys this game is actually
really fun and awesome you know I have
been playing it loads all right but I
had to reinstall it just so I could get
my reactions ok we starting up a new
mission now
oh no there's so many zombies ok all
their grenades and adrenaline or as for
the grenade oh oh my god they put in my
righteousness with old videos - okay I
saw a grenade and then I just reactions
from I don't even know I'll let this
quoting zombies - but I'm still gonna
kill you Brandon okay I got them all I
love it I love love love this game I
love the fact that I'm in it or a new
level what's happing now I wonder what
will happen if you shoot that car over
there wait you wait there's something
what happened if I shoot that car over
there mess yourself
oh the cause distraction zombies are
running to it okay called the move yeah
that's right baby I got them because
they were distracted by that car because
mesh yourself told me to in this video
game now I'm playing right now sounds
giving me tips in my phone I love this
so much okay I'm just gonna keep jumping
into missions guys okay go back to the
homepage to check out daily rewards oh
yeah there's a bunch of dailies you can
do Oh rewards okay I got a reward for
playing okay you get rewards every day
all right okay guys I'm gonna upgrade my
gun for this mission cuz it's way too
weak I'm an upgrade my bullets boom baby
okay new mission now clean up the area
oh no zombies everywhere should be
careful there's zombies running
everywhere saying my cell phone all the
zombies running everywhere
oh no to my right is that everyone yes
everyone I never come level three and it
gave him me gems and my energies
refilled okay let's play some morning
I'm just a reminder you better keep that
survivor alive okay because it's game
over otherwise okay I'll protect you
don't worry
loads are gone quick quick okay okay
real oh my god Brandon Jesus all this
pressure from mesh yourself okay I think
I got it is your life is he okay don't
let survive or die oh well he died
Aston P survivor okay sorry sorry much
yourself I let you down okay he told me
not to let the saliva die and I let him
god damn died okay this time I won't
survive a diet okay go smash yourself
got really angry at me when I didn't
okay fire is armies gonna come to the
right and I'm gonna shoot these barrels
I think they'll explode no no I kinda
want myself to pop up again alright so
I'm just gonna let this survivor get hit
a couple more times
thank you yeah yeah oh we unlocked
support missions when you need gold you
can do support missions okay I I can do
with some extra gold alright let's do it
kill 700 and so weird Zig meters pop up
randomly after of me doing random things
okay so like I mentioned before you can
only play this version the game by going
to the link you know playing hey well
this is gonna be fun forward slash
messes up alright you have to go through
this link otherwise it won't work if you
just you know go to the App Store and
download it from there alright that's
just the regular version the game okay
oh no man I'm gonna die I'm so gonna die
I'm so gonna die one more fat zombie no
no
so well oh okay well I think I died oh
yeah three loads are gone quick quick
okay I'm reloading as far as I can my
self shut up okay oh I saw the zombies
went bang baby oh yeah oh yeah yeah I
think that was from my gang oh right
video they've gotten so many reactions
from so many of my videos I feel sorry
for the guy who watched all these videos
to get this alright so those are support
missions okay they're basically really
cool missions are really cool quick ones
you know that if you have any some extra
gold you couldn't do this actually a
daily task as well
oh hang us I couldn't kill a hundred
zombies oh okay okay so these are like
tasks which you have to do and you get
rewarded free coins if you basically do
it alright let's go to the main missions
now we're gonna upgrade our guns we got
lots of gold now because we did the
support missions right let's upgrade our
gun again and let's also increased the
size of our clip so we can shoot more
zombies at once
trophies okay alright oh okay I've used
the grenades so I get another grenade
okay I got okay there's a bunch of like
quests and stuff my let's keep playing
and keep shooting these goddamn zombies
oh no we're in a bloody house now wrong
they love using that clip okay we're
going please be careful oh no what's
gonna die I'm gonna die I'm gonna die
they're coming everywhere they're coming
everywhere hold on oh God to me zombies
to me zombies they're on the ground
this videos like a double reaction oh no
what the hell is that something for me
to concentrate guys cuz there's so many
zombies look at them all oh god they're
coming they're running No
goddammit it explored and killed me
again pay they're coming they're coming
they're coming they're coming quick
quick quick quick wait wait wait let me
get the files on me quick
quick before it gets too close I
exploded to do it baby oh yeah alright
cool making good progress oh okay we
have the daily we ever had that unlock
now so every day there's a new daily
challenge where they let you try out a
new garden which you probably haven't
tried now right now all you've got to do
is survive so not funny business just
keep killing dole zombies okay well you
don't even need me to explain no for you
because Brannon pretty much done it
alright so now we've got an ak-47 oh
this gone so cool alright Dan that was
quick I do it already
Oh another small zombies coming oh why
so easily alright one zombie left here
we go nearly at the end come on now just
keep shooting just keep shooting I love
this so much oh it's so funny seeing me
in there
alright I've done the daily and my
reward was 600 coins okay that's pretty
cool alright so we've got loads of coins
now so let's upgrade this let's upgrade
this let's upgrade the skull okay we can
do that again and then again oh man I've
gone so strong now Oh survive for 60
seconds what the hell oh no loads are
gone quick quick okay
oh okay I did it
thank God okay that was very very close
good thing I upgraded my gun hey guys oh
no where we go now they do it oh okay
fine enjoy maybe I'm really good at this
game okay guys I think I'm going to end
the video there because I really really
really want you guys to go in
description play clips calm /ms yourself
I really want you guys to try it okay I
would really love it like these these
developers like they didn't want to just
make a sponsored video with me they
wanted to go that extra mile you know
and make something cool and creative
just for you guys alright so they made
this specially just for you guys so I
would really really love if you
downloaded it and try it for yourself
okay it's a really awesome game and the
fact that like I pop up like all the
time
it just makes it quite funny okay well
yeah other than that thank you guys so
much for watching and I'll see you in
the next video manslayer guys love you
ba ba
