oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
it is master selfie today we are going
to be reacting to what would you bloody
do in this bloody situation right now so
if you have never heard of the TV show
what would you do it is basically a
social experiment a sort of a TV show
where they put people in awkward cringy
social situations so what I lost what
would you do video because that was
amazing but the videos were gonna be
focusing on today the first one mother
fat shames her own bloody fat-ass
daughter you did such a good job at
school treat YUM I want the Oreos no not
for you I got better grades and Sarah
sweetheart we talked about this look at
yourself you need to lose weight lose
weight oh my goodness what terrible
mother okay okay this is what I hate all
right I mean yeah all right being fat
okay it's not like healthy but if you're
a child okay you a child okay go have
fun and be a child okay
there's nothing wrong we know having a
little bit of a tummy or if myself go a
bit of a tummy you're at a doughnut shop
when you see a mom with her two
daughters
okay she's rewarding one of them with a
doughnut but the other one she's on a
strict diet all the customers side with
our mom who desperately wants her
daughter to lose weight or with a young
girl who simply wants to enjoy a treat
with her sister listen to me right now
all the stupid parents this is not the
right approach okay how about you
encourage your daughter to go exercise
okay and help her with that rather than
saying no doughnuts for you you fatty
what terrible loss mother I would be a
good father by the way
one doughnut isn't going to affect my
diet yeah that's just the attitude that
got us into
this man we're rolling one last time
okay and our mom thinks she's found a
friend in a man behind her in the line
okay now we noticed this man behind them
are all sitting in oh he's like what the
hell is wrong with this girl oh this
guy's taste Oh
life isn't fair right and now that man
in the back steps
I'm begging you okay you want to show
worry okay sometimes people hesitate and
telling other parents how to raise their
kids right that's not fair to have a
daughter but I can't tell her how to
raise our kids yeah that's that's kind
of true though you know this is the
thing about these social situations all
right we all would say that we would do
something and shit but like if some mum
is being a terrible mother okay I'm
being just a bitch okay the first thing
she's gonna say see the thing is is that
no one really actually knows how to be a
parent and we kind of just you know
we'll make it up as we go along some
people get so offended when you just say
you're a shit off parent and raise your
children better your dumb ass you don't
want to do it but you have no
really do what does that do to a little
girl yeah my assumption would be that
it's gonna break down cellphone yeah I
heard her in the world yes I don't think
anybody should be treated though I know
okay yeah this is the thing you know
okay I'm gonna be serious for a second
okay you should never point out to
someone that they're fat okay because
you know they might be very insecure
about that and you know when they
probably feel insecure about it you
mentioning it to them and you know like
embarrassing them in public as well you
know like that would hurt you on an
emotional level you know I mean like
we're all insecure about some things you
know like no one is perfect okay all
right the next what would you do video
we're going to be watching is no ice
cream for this kid until until what okay
all right what is with these parents not
giving them that children donuts and ice
cream ice cream first customer steps up
to bat okay all right I already told you
you cost us the game
oh the customer takes notes okay that's
strike one on dad okay so this kid wants
ice cream but he lost the baseball game
or because of him so he's not giving
this one son ice cream but given the
rest of them ice cream you're a loser
well I can't buy you ice you go sit down
there oh my god kid it looks us me as
even walks by with tears in his eyes Oh
on strike soon is this is common sense
comes Aidan's final pitch whoa
well they earned it and for this
customer it's time to call dad out
please we all make mistakes
forgive me I'm not trying to tell you
how to please yourself
I'm just talking as one man to another
oh just trying to teach him a lesson
he's gone dad listen
oh and they got to know that I can't
you're the monster
oh no no of course I'm getting its my TV
show okay cope against my TV show oh
you're amazing
no oh thank you man what was your
message to him that he's the most
important person in his life yeah I mean
you tell a child you're a loser
life is hard enough already you don't
want you to encourage that my son's make
mistakes yeah
I let him know that's okay so they can
understand that I'm also fallible oh man
whoa what great advice man okay now that
is something that I don't think any of
us would really do kudos and respect to
this man you know standing up and speak
in his mind you know when he felt
something unjust you know go in that
extra mile okay and speaking to that guy
not in a sort of like a sort of rude way
but just leveling with him you know and
you know saying it in such a calming and
respectful manner
really argue with that point even the
actor you know who was there he was just
like what do I say now what do I say man
that dude right there is a cool-ass guy
you know I want to be like this guy you
know when I'm when I'm a father you know
that guy was a cool dude all right the
next what would you do video we're gonna
be watching is parents openly blame
child for divorce now the reason why I
picked this one okay it's because you
know some of you guys you know I do read
the comments all right some of you guys
do have parents you know who which are
divorced you know so yeah let's watch
this and see if you know how stupid the
situation is okay and complain about it
we're back in the diner one last time
okay you're a Chuck is you talking to
the kid at the next table our four
friends oh we're getting a divorce your
dad and I divorce what oh okay okay
let's be honest right now if you heard
this conversation in a restaurant you
would feel really awkward okay why would
they have this conversation publicly in
a restaurant anyway that's what I would
glad you asked each one of them a child
of divorce
then the world oh they know that for a
child it can feel like the world's
inherits a divorce and I was crying when
the parents walk away leaving their
heartbroken son alone
oh come on icons why swoops in to come
from all coming in yeah yeah okay that's
when I would step in or I see the kid
crying and the parents just leave and
let what most parents would do that shit
I know it's a TV show okay and it's all
acting and shit but yeah ya know no
parent would do that in real life come
on now Michael winter canet so upset -
color - Annette come on come on oh yeah
it is it's always me when I was five
years old yeah my parents put up and
you'll get through it
it's not your fault okay
oh this kid's one of my friends gets up
to go look for Ashton's pair off all hey
look at the size of me we're gonna be up
the dad look at this guy yeah are you
bothering that okay this goes without
saying of course it would never ever be
a child's fault in a divorce okay it was
your parents decision to have you in the
first place and if they would ever say
something like that then they're the
dumb stupid people who should not got
married and have the kid in the first
place that's probably ease mean because
I'm basically saying they probably
should have had you in the first place
but you know what I mean okay your
parents were the dumb ones okay and just
because you know your parents get
divorced you know that's not that's not
a setback in life you know you are still
an amazing person and you can still do
amazing things in lie
okay don't let that be a reason to hold
you back in life well it kind of is oh
come on
Oh a face Wow well maybe you should mind
your own business
it's none of your business that but yeah
we can hear you the whole restaurant can
hear you I'm glad she said that because
it's true you know these conversations
they always happen out loud obviously to
try and get people's reaction yeah it's
going to make it really yeah
yes they're doing it the wrong way okay
luckily it's warm yeah luckily I'm fair
no no you went through it yeah that
exact thing happened to me oh dude
same thing divorce I was probably 13 and
12 oh my parents got divorced when I was
11 years old Wow parents split up when I
was like five you were amazing I went
over to the little boy I really didn't
know what to say I just tried to like
calm him down
Oh make sure that he knows it wasn't his
fault you don't understand when you're
that young
oh yeah you don't we really don't why
well the kids always feel like it's
there oh do they that's sad if they do
oh man like I said before okay you guys
all right if your parents ever split up
okay it's not gonna hold you back in
life all right it's not your fault all
right time for our last what would you
do video this one we're gonna be
reacting to his mum can't afford son's
promise toy okay all right now I why is
this kid getting a toy okay go into a
toy shop if you can't afford the toy but
you know honest just watch it all right
maybe maybe you'll be yeah oh yeah okay
so he got A's so she's taking him to a
toy store okay you can have any toy you
got any toy
okay all right that's pretty quick of a
decision okay I have not seen one kid
you know going to toy store and pick the
first thing that he sees okay he's
probably gonna spend hours in there
picking last one last week and he picks
a shitty lego city set okay come on now
shape okay and then she can't afford it
okay
I mean Lego is expensive you gotta admit
all right your total is $54 fifty five
fifty four dollars for shitty offs Lego
okay what would I do in the situation I
would tell this dumb kid to pick a
cheaper toy I paid $54 for no kid to
have no shitty Lego which he's not gonna
use after a week oh yeah no I've only
got $4.00 oh yeah I'm sorry that's all I
have what I'm sorry ma'am you're still
11 oh yeah hey what woman would you know
be like oh yeah this is all I have
then okay okay I'll take out of my
paycheck yeah okay no toys haha this
gauge is Gil driptip his mom okay
Tyler baby I'm sorry we can't afford
this there's only one of some one and a
half million Georgia resident all
struggling to make ends meet to make
ends meet
okay if you out buying $50 toys for your
kid okay I don't think you're struggling
at that point I think you're pretty
well-off okay she wants nothing more
than to reward her son for a great
report card but they clearly can't
afford any look at oh I got clearly
along comes this last customer of the
day okay he's quite preoccupied with
three kids of his own
like that right film a TV show is just
you know not closet rain we make one
final foot okay then make it a final
push and that finally gets Kevin
sergeant's attention he doesn't even ask
how much he owe simply hands over his
credit how much is this shit and then
she would tell me $50 no black I pay $50
with his shitty Lego go buy me no go to
him to play roblox
alright that's free on the computer go
do that dub kick he's simply hands over
I just heard her say she was a little
short and so I just gave her my credit
card people today earlier said they
didn't want to help because they thought
she was a scammer Oh a lot of times
people may feel that way but the way I
look at it is if you help people and say
nine out of ten times they're not only
the one time they are you still help
somebody
oh okay helping the nine that are you
know sincere for the one that might get
me it's okay oh oh yeah I mean I guess I
could see a bit scamming you know but
damn okay that kind of makes you think
about shit okay with that being said I'm
gonna end the video there that was what
would you do I actually really loved
reacting to these videos because it
makes for funny reactions if you kind of
feel me all right so if this video it's
just 15,000 likes I will do another
episode on what
you do okay thank you guys so much for
watching and I'll see you in the next
video man so the guys love you Bob
