hello everyone my name is baby hello
today we are pleased mother simulator
our baby playing video games on YouTube
I've always wanted to be a youtuber like
my baby mess yourself so today we're
gonna carry off my plan and let those on
or never for babe oh I think he's coming
baby
you should know that you're not allowed
to play games until you've done your
homework you've done your homework right
no no now this is a part of the video
where I just chop the baby around
okay now that the intro is out of the
way first thing I want to say don't do
whatever I just did to a real baby
this baby's fake think I love you shut
up this baby's fake okay so don't do
what I just did to a real baby okay
because I'm pretty sure that's illegal
but if you buy a point baby where we
left off last episode for me to get like
the baby said in this episode we're
gonna be carrying on with where we left
off I want to take you to a gay bar shit
I dropped my baby guys man imagine if
that doll was haunted okay the first
person he would wanna kill as me
okay so where we were off last episode
we were on level four apparently I got
it wrong because I was meant to be the
one eating - okay so you see that food
dial on the top left hand corner
apparently that's not for the baby
that's meant for myself so I had to go
in the kitchen and these sausages I can
also eat some parmesan baby shut up okay
I see food we also have doughnuts
no God is that my belly Jesus Christ I
am hungry pie
what is this cherries man eating all
this food in this game is making me
hungry baby okay I'll throw you out the
window real cold cause I drop my baby
I'm kidding okay it's a video game
I follow throw my baby on the floor I
can okay okay
here take it okay go baby baby I like
this baby okay stop crying on stop
crying I'm cleaning it again here
dumbass okay I'll pick you up okay
I think he's sleeping now are they
sleeping or he's dead oh no my hunger is
running out really some french break
here you go baby
your bottle well we only got five
seconds left so I don't think I'm gonna
do it I'm gonna I got a game over screen
la la la la la
now I know a lot of I'm singing at this
point you're honest baby oh did you in
his panties smell it pick this shit up
Oh Oh naked ass baby
pedo everywhere Oh who's on my floor now
but I spent so long doing that that uh I
lost okay grab the new nappy from the
drawer and put it on him
there you go baby not good enough oh I
forgot to give him a baby powder
ego baby and then we put the nappy on
him boom there we go statue that's kind
of weird where am I gonna put that right
next we're doing a three-pointer throw
how many nappies can you throw in the
basketball hoops okay well I guess that
this is part of the game oh here we go
three two one so far basketball skills
boy oh my goodness it's table full of
dirty nappies okay so we have to get 10
in 30 seconds okay all right come on
guys epic basketball montage
oh okay we did it what an amazing a
minigame I loved it it was so much fun
yeah okay number six is food poisoning
you are poisoned and you need to visit
the toilet why are three okay oh whoa
what do I have to do this shouldn't be
no Pete don't won this shit in my house
that way I've got a toilet me on the top
left huh
what why was that laughing track did I
just shit myself oh my goose no there's
a living room is a teepee what's on the
TV oh shit okay uh that was uh okay I
wasn't expecting to be that on a TV okay
okay so if I don't go to the toilet I'll
shit myself is that what you're saying
so I can go toilet in this game Oh
Oh
Oh I'm doing a stinky poo let's flush
the toilet okay oh I see that shit okay
yeah anymore yeah dumbass baby okay
making me do these dumbass tasks what
kind of mother am i if I don't eat
within a minute I'll die and if I don't
shit in a minute I'll pretty shit myself
I cannot just hold it in stinky ass baby
alright I smell like baby powder now
alright Shh baby no nappy here we go
alright now I gotta sit ha ha very funny
i shat myself hey now and what's his
pacifier
can I just just calm down okay baby
here's your pacifier be right back need
to shit myself why is that cheering
whenever I take a poo I wish that
happened in my life Jesus this games too
hard for my liking then I go and spoil
it all by saying something stupid like
CDs wait I just took a fat shit and then
it washed my hands and I'm now feeding
this baby I'm sure it's fine okay here's
your dumb bottle am I done now with this
dumb shit laughing you dumb baby
stupid-ass baby okay ten more seconds
quick six five I did it whoa talk about
you know last second I was about to
shoot myself
look this game we're gonna win this game
ever played all right ice age every
mother should be able to look after a
baby in any conditions even during the
Ice Age okay so the world has ended and
I'm still looking after this dumbass
baby oh my god outside the whole wall
just had an apocalypse and I'll just
stand inside in this room baby I'm cold
shut up baby Oh throw out sides what
I'll do
you stay that baby you dumbass great now
I've got to move around with the floor
all slippery
how am I supposed to do this shit and I
gotta feed myself and shit myself too
no just take the gummy gummy I got my
beer right now not change his dumbass
nappy throw it a golf piss off
I'm hungry I'm hungry I'm hungry oh shit
whenever I want to eat my shit meter
goes up god dammit this mother short us
shit every 10 seconds was the baby one
now his bottle that's the hardest thing
to do in 30 seconds okay anything else
you want baby oh he just threw it in his
head you gonna share self again oh no
I'm gonna die eat eat
oh god man if I didn't need that one
second all have died oh yeah everyone I
just shat myself and everyone's laughing
at me okay got 10 seconds left come on
quick quick quick quick quick put on all
right anymore oh thank god okay now
mountain of gifts
he seems your wonderful kid won in the
play with his toys Greg I gotta clean up
for this dumbass kid all right where am
I now
oh okay same place alright the Ice Age
is over thank God you know what is
rattle oh my God look on these shitty
toys there are wait does he want a
certain rattle if I give him the wrong
collar rattle he'll get angry they have
a green rattle listen you dumb ass baby
okay you're trash baby oh I just gave up
trash okay now no seriousness though I
think mess yourself will be a great
father all right purple rat I'll get
your stupid pebble rattle purple purple
bubble hit purple screen here you go
baby this baby wants so many things you
know wants a blood orange ducky ducks
orange doc
boom here's your dumb ass orange duck oh
shit wait this is orange with triangles
and this is orange with
parts don't tell me this baby can tell
the difference right now going to look
for all these dumbass toys okay
this one has circles this one has
triangles
I'm getting to you okay there you go oh
I like this one because it has triangles
and I love triangles
god damnit I'm gonna be looking off this
baby all bloody year-long alright
alright first let me eat and take a shit
because apparently I have to you know do
that moaning about me taking a boo-boo
don't have to watch me bloody take a
poopoo I'm hungry
oh he's bloody hungry now god damn it
and I've got 10 seconds left so yeah
what do you think is gonna happen in
this ten seconds you think I'm gonna do
it guys comment now oh okay okay you
missed out on writing a comment okay
there's your bloody bottle okay you're
done now Donal the shitty level right
once another toy there you go I did it
yeah I'm so good at this game
see I told you I'm a good father
earthquake level
earthquakes are gonna randomly happen
take the baby
we need to get the hell out of a week to
get to safety ohh oh my god how much was
it collect the toys and it just keeps
them in that it's dumbest game I didn't
think it was a rage game but Jesus
Christ oh it doesn't want the green one
with triangles he wants the green one
but stars oh my goodness Tina shit you
dumbass baby please how many stars
please tell me no stars no hearts eat
when food is flying everywhere damn it
quickly quickly I'm gonna shit myself
need to shit myself no way to eat
I'm shooting myself too much now ite
this came it's bloody shit on my ass
except I haven't got a mother that's
gonna change my diaper how did this
lovely game turn into a bloody rage game
I've no idea okay I did it
while there was an earthquake going on
okay I mean this this baby should be
probably taking a safety but you know
it's fine how do you love us all that
night has come so it's time to make your
robot kid fall asleep I want he's a
robot maybe they could make a game about
chucking a baby around unless you know
they called that robot oh my goodness
guys look it's night good time now okay
okay I'll get your dummy here you go
baby
you sleep again okay I've got a sleeping
time do I sleep now no okay
where do I go away I think I have to
drink coffee I just shit do that add a
bag of coffee to a cup and then pour it
with hot water put sugar if you want
wait for one so we need to grab a mug
and then we to wash the mug and then we
need to put the clean mug under here
turn on the water not on the coffee
putting sugar if I want cuz I like sugar
wine who do doesn't like sugar and just
come and just die sugar cubes okay just
two on the floor it's fine I can still
yeah I'm not baby sugar oh okay just
drop my coffee okay I was empty now okay
could he drink it drink it how I drink
it no no throw it
no no quick quick quick quick quick
I am this close from closing this game
all right coffee sugar all right so I
meant to just go up and then the coffee
will fall in my face like that yeah this
is a good game why they keep introducing
new game mechanics I don't like it all
right it's hard enough looking off this
dumbass baby no okay guys you know what
I think I'm attending come here baby
come to the outro okay guys I think
Brandon has enough of the shitty game
okay it's only good for two videos but I
don't think he's gonna make a third but
if you want to then our Lima like if
this video which is our 10,000 max man
mess yourself with me baby simulator and
complete the rest of the levels thank
you guys so much for watching bye bye
guys
YouTube you are not a youtuber you will
never be me right now gotta move around
with the with the with the with with the
car huh very funny I shot myself
