what's happening help you watch me help
you oh my god oh my god who is this guy
who is this guy
welcome to the game Oh what the shit is
going on oh hello everyone how is
everyone doing it is mash yourself there
today we are playing welcome to the game
now the guys don't know what this game
is it is about the dark web now if you
don't know what the dark web is oh my
goodness the dark web is basically a
place on the internet which you cannot
reach through Google okay you need a
separate browser just a look at some of
these web pages now the things you can
find on the dark web are very very
illegal okay there's some very
disgusting things you can like hire
people to sort of kill its other people
okay you can buy drugs alright there are
some scary scary stuff okay because
there are some evil people in this scary
scary world and this game is basically
you going on the dark web and exploring
okay but sometimes some scary people
okay will show up because you're on the
wrong websites okay do not go on the
dark web and try this at home because it
is very illegal and very dangerous I'm
getting a bloody phone call hello
Skype is bloody Adam hello I heard you
were looking for me Oh check this out
might help you on your case who are you
what I am talking too much okay this guy
basically said okay there's this girl
that keeps appearing on the website and
we got to go save her for some reason
someone who's kidnapped
it's it's dark and freezing oh my god
what the shit people are watching this
look a thousand viewers people in the
chat people want her dead look I was
just researching something and I found
this cult called the the prey I think
okay whew that shit was that hello hide
oh no did the girl make it our life no
whoa this guy's saying we'll all in the
chat hmm it seems to me Leah's recorder
just like you oh she's a reporter just
like me
oh no this bloody coats gonna come in
and kill me she's back again oh hello
oh it's pixelated hello loading oh god
what's happened to the video oh my god
guys be quiet
oh no this poor girl's parents no I mean
I will but uh oh my god okay I managed
to source up the tunnel she used and
placed it on your desktop oh wait what I
have to go find this bloody girl I don't
want to go and find out let me do I got
till 4:00 a.m. to save this bloody bitch
oh my god so here we are guys we have
our bloody computer okay we are saturd
our bloody desk can we get up now we
can't get up whoa I can look through the
peephole in my door wait don't tell me
someone's gonna come to my house seized
a 2016 I'm a bloody ste seizing day done
okay so this is my house okay a pretty
pretty simple stuff can I go outside hmm
what okay they're stupid just hit my
face what the hell wait I can go out
sign this game oh my god this is kind of
scary guys I'm not gonna lie I can jump
over the bloody what the shit is going
on but I open my oh oh it's my bathroom
the shower card I can peep through as
well are they gonna come in the shower
while I'm doing a show okay we've
explore the apartment now it is time to
explore the deep dark web okay guys we
are in we are under bloody dark web
bathroom cams a camp site for public
bathrooms I don't know what someone
doing a poo poo I never come on now I
want to see a funny person doing a poo
the deep Journal a stalker thread of
women this is a website where you
couldn't stalk women oh my god what did
you guys hear that it sounded like a
chair hello is someone in my house gonna
close okay it's closed now alright
forget that ever happened oh my goodness
people have been writing messages on
this women website I saw my new
next-door neighbour today and think I'm
in love she's so pretty and I just don't
know what to do oh I hope he doesn't do
anything without our bloody permission I
think you know what to do just take it
slow
start right this second I've been
watching her all day I can't even walk
up to her to say hi I get too shy I got
a sexy picture of her
oh my goodness what a bloody creep I bet
she smells wonderful I think I'm not
gonna play the game proper
I think I'm getting hacked okay I'm
sorry
okay okay all right well that scared the
living shit out of me but uh Jesus
Christ okay I'm gonna get off this
shitty website okay because it's kind of
scaring me
I love cats meow well that sounds like a
lovely website let's go on that okay I'm
a dog that is in love with cats that's
right I know it sounds crazy because
floofy dog O's aren't supposed to breed
with sassy kitties okay all right this
is a lot creepier than I thought Pet me
okay sure why not Jesus Christ all right
she stop with the job scares okay very
loudly oh this is uh telling him about
his cats okay I don't give a shit about
your stupid-ass cats is anyone nervous
I'm not nervous
forgive me secretly confess your sins ah
submit my confession okay my hatred the
humanity grows ever more since that day
since what day I hate my life oh my god
I am secretly attracted to goldfish this
guy wants a bloody kiss fishies
vegetables man come on now okay it's
just a website where you can uh oh I
looked at a man's boob once oh okay all
right loud stupid web site vacation the
butcher proper ways of butchering a
human body this is a website about
cannibalism oh come on I wanted to see
that shit I mean uh okay I've got a note
on my desktop called Noir it doesn't
matter who I tell anymore or what I say
no one believes me
and I know they will find this and
delete it they're phantoms appearing in
the corner of your eye only to vanish
into darkness do not linger in the dark
they will find you if you approach a man
in a ghostly mask run and hide oh my
goodness I hope no one like that comes
in my bloody house okay I swear a bloody
god I wasn't explaining that I've never
played this game before oh my god oh
great this product girls dead again okay
okay I got knocked by the police yeah
yeah okay oh my goodness okay that
scared the living hell out of me don't
told me something like that's gonna
happen again okay I could not stand
anyone coming to my bloody house okay
okay okay I think I'm okay now Jesus
Christ don't throw on the wrong websites
because the FBI will show up and bloody
kill you alright let's go back in the
computer Jesus Christ
what's the shadow market oh hello
alright this games so complicated but I
don't know what's going on honestly what
does I mean it's just a bunch of
question marks oh my god it's an eye oh
my god that's kind of creepy
help me man help me I'm just an ID okay
I gotta go I gotta go I gotta go okay
alright alright uh Jesus Christ that I
kind of freak me out he didn't pleasures
human trafficking to purchase women of
all ages what kind of web sites are this
shit oh my god you can buy actual people
this is so disturbing Kelsey is from the
USA and she's only 12 years old and
she's been owned for four years
oh my god this is the creepiest thing
I've ever seen
stop selling people please it's not nice
okay
okay I'm gonna send this guy this
message okay hopefully he'll let go that
girl okay I'm not gonna lie I'm kind of
scared to get up because I'm pretty sure
the FBI gonna knock on my house because
I was looking on these weird-ass
websites hello I don't at my door huh
okay
it seems completely fine okay then that
toss okay this is a bunch of question
marks what could that mean
okay nothing our foot fetish Oh oh my
god this is a bloody website of people
uploading pictures of the dirty feet I
don't want to see that shit oneness no
idea what this is what the hell oh my
god what this is this okay I'm out Jesus
Christ oh wait what was a weird weird
web site I'm so scared guys milk supply
it's so fucked for titty milk wait
someone's selling milk with help oh my
god okay you can buy breast milk from
these women okay that's kind of creepy
okay yeah I'm gonna get out of that
website because I don't wanna buy some
titty milk okay red triangle crypto
currency site okay guys be warned be
wound of what okay I'm gonna leave that
website because I didn't know what all
this stuff means okay I'm kind of scared
that I'm not gonna line the Maggie story
portal to the secret cult
welcome to the Magus story join the
Brotherhood should we end to guys oh my
god what's going on uh member key I
don't know what's going on okay I don't
know what to do from now on
okay I'm kind of scared guys guys okay
anyone here no all right cool a
religious cult site the light within
okay some minor website okay I'm scared
too the black waves random poem site
okay I'm sure that's fine okay shall I
compare who was some was he who has
taken the part of the light shall
forever see his sin okay all right Jesus
Christ okay sorry
oh I block that share your genitals calm
I want to share my peepee on a bloody
website uh what the shit wait what the
hell hello I take part in genital
cannibalism okay uh that's okay I'm
gonna go on mutilation online campsite
for a very special kind of clientele
mutilation isn't that mean like getting
your body parts chopped up oh my god
okay all right I don't think I can show
any of this what's going on screen right
now but Jesus Christ this is disgusting
is everything okay now uh nothing's
gonna pop up anyone outside I know the
day you bloody cold dose members chosen
awake
are you okay I'm Jesus Christ
okay what is this dumb shit hacking shit
evil collection random personal blog
site oh my god okay this is kind of
creepy is any secret messages on here
images or no I don't see no scary oz
images creepy random or dank memes sure
let's go on the dank memes one first as
far as MP come on now what about random
pictures some guy took a firey shit on
his bed okay sure let's check the creepy
folder I'm scared guys okay okay this is
alright alright that is creepy okay I'm
getting the hell out of there wait can I
go outside Oh guys I can oh hello
oh my god what kind of creepy ass
hallway I'm have I got I think what what
the shit is this game turned into right
now what the hell can i reset my stuff
while my god okay there's a lot of stuff
here for the game okay I've never played
this game before and I haven't read up
anything on it but it seems like there's
a lot of like details and stuff which I
haven't even reached yet all I've been
doing is just messing around going on
random websites oh my god I can go to
every floor I want to go to every floor
exit - can we go out we can is this the
exit I just want to leave okay I don't
want to do the shit I might die let's
just go all the lobby Oh
okay this seems fine can I leave oh I
can
what does shit is this game I can leave
my apartment okay guys you know what
that's a bit too much from me okay so I
think I'm gonna end the video there but
there is a story and there is a game
with this but I just don't know haven't
have no clue but if you would like me to
make a second video and figure that out
I am more than happy to do that but I'm
have to ask for 15,000 likes okay
because yeah this game seems complicated
and ice need to learn how it works
before I make it on the video honest
either way so hope you guys did enjoy
and I'll see you in the next with your
man so the guys love you
ba ba
