oh hello everyone how is it one doing in
his master cell thing today we are
playing whack your neighbor now
neighbors can be absolute asshole
sometimes so this game was made in case
you know you ever wanted to kill him but
can't so you get your anger out on
playing a shitty flash game I guess
that's all that's the nation's I need
let's do it I'm just having a barbecue
your goddamn dog to go fetch it oh my
lord
who's gonna clean that shit up you
goddamn piece of shit don't you dare
talk to me like that killing the sky
time to do these thirty two ways okay
just kill them once and that's it we're
gonna be here for a while guys okay so
who's gonna do them back-to-back okay
all right let's stick with the left okay
let's use a brochette stick this object
requires a second to work oh okay here
we go
preset stick and this thing on the on
the roof okay
oh okay stabs him in the leg and then
subsume again the leg falls over and
that's it we we took out his legs now he
could no longer walk and is gonna be in
a wheelchair for the rest of his life
just because my dog Turkish air on his
lawn anyway next kill okay irony we can
click the clouds dear lord please kill
my neighbor oh yeah god I have heard
your answers and requests screw you man
thanks God God just came out of the sky
and and did okay okay next I'm gonna be
uses an electric cable over here Cobb's
electric cable don't mind me oh okay
strangling okay oh god what you do now
oh okay
these whack games they're crazy yeah
okay let's click the option of wire
neighbor's pestering us in the first
place is the poo poo that my dad left on
his lawn okay all right let's use the
compost bins oh gosh
ah slaps him with a spatula and then oh
no put him in the pit what's gonna do
putting it with fuel no no no no
I next one is the lawnmower no we're
gonna lawnmower his face oh no now what
the lawnmower
no don't nor my face please for the love
of God my lord okay let's use the rake
over here Oh God it by rank okay that's
not that's bad oh nevermind Jesus Christ
man even that's pretty dog for me
another don't wait there's a nail gun no
way need a second to work or dammit the
nails grab the nail gun go get some
nails Wow Wow
okay let's use the chain that's just
lying around here all right grab the
chain oh oh my god okay left in there
just chained up and the police didn't
come over or nothing okay just let in
and stay there all right family
relatives didn't check his neighbor's
tree alright let's kill let's use the
toolbox alright goes over to the toolbox
what's gonna happen this guy's bloody
mad next kill I'm gonna do is the garden
trowel no no okay goes over grabs the
trowel then
is that it no oh okay yeah go put some
flowers on you okay it's so pretty I
love it alright next one I'm gonna do is
the truth all right
Oh takes a chainsaw chop down the tree
is it gonna now of it no that's it all
right just crushed by a tree wow that
was an amazing kill okay let's use the
leaves how these leaves could not kill
them
Oh step takes up forward okay apparently
we have a underground dungeon and okay
now I'm gonna fill up okay well rest in
peace - I can click on this and this is
the bee hi oh god what's doing I was
going to throw the rock at the Beehive
oh no way home boats oh good
mother be ok you didn't realize bees can
explode your head if you get stung by
too many of them but okay okay let's use
the Apple as an apple okay I'm gonna do
should go in a football his head oh no
oh no oh I mean I didn't hit the Apple
technically but I hit his head first
that still counts oh that's disgusting
look at that shit okay we got all the
way to the right we can use the shotgun
I have a shotgun in my bloody garage no
loading up the shotgun no no no shoot me
please show them Wow
okay next one is the iron hook which is
over here needs a second object good I
think these 100-car tyranny is the
answer okay
and then walk Oh takes the call no
you're gonna do with the car
five minutes later no way he's taped
them up to the door
no you tried
okay okay that's that's that's that's
the worst one so far oh my god okay I
think I'm gonna be sick okay we have
more than halfway done now guys thank
God all right next kill we're gonna use
the daughter
shit you know one second I'm gonna go
over here grab my shoes snip snip and
then I'm gonna go oh yeah man I feel bad
I probably should have picked a shit on
that guy's lawn yeah doggie you should
feel bad damn okay we can use the car
crank over here okay hits him with a
bottle oh no just gonna do he's gonna
put him under the car isn't it he's
gonna crank up the car and the cross for
the crush you might know it oh no we're
gonna work there's a power drill in the
bottom right hand corner oh I need a
second I am okay of course it does plays
on mobile stop making games on mobile I
want to play on my PC all right well we
can't use the drill instead we'll use
the tanks or Oh God grab the chainsaw no
no no
okay chainsaw demand half okay well that
okay okay okay okay look he's gone to a
point in the video guys where I have no
other reactions left except to just go
owls and then that that really hurts all
right wait what the next kill we can do
is the bloody dog don't make me kill the
police I don't we put this murder go get
it boy ate his face Wow alright next up
is the window I'll play on marble never
mind okay we're gonna use the hose oh
gosh slurps with a spatula oh no we're
gonna fill them up with water I already
know it okay this game just freaking me
out now look at the pool of blood on the
floor okay who does this game or a next
kill is the barbecue hey you want some
sauce yes the barbecue wait I just did
barbecue but I can also do sausage oh
okay no I can't because I'm on ha ha so
I guess I can do the hot sauce no I
can't do this all right we have
smartphones ah God
take this small burnout and then ring
three ringing Fineman Slater hoody ring
he rang oh god his friend okay
got his friend to smoke his face okay I
can use my beer bottle Oh God is that it
that's it right oh no okay okay
simple one all right I've seen much
worse I and last one is the barbecue
spatula okay all right and then all
right guys that was 26 out of 30 - I
believe eight of them are on mobile so I
can't play the rest of them so yeah hope
you guys enjoyed these wacky games who
ever makes these are the worst okay
because they have the worst kills but
hope you guys did enjoy all right if you
like the wack your series continuing
then leave a like alright if we reach
10,000 you know I'm gonna continue on
with this series even though it is
really disgusting and I cringe a little
I'm not gonna lie every time I play them
either way so much watching and I'll see
you in the next video
love you guys so much buf bye
