and gentlemen would you like to see
another magic trick the next magic trick
the like button and the subscribe button
will be pressed oh that magic trick
didn't work well if you watch I lost my
wand by the way so I have to use this
PlayStation Plus remote controller okay
so the reason why mess yourself is
dressed up as Harry Potter okay because
there is a new harry potter game in the
mobile now i've never played it before
okay it might be a pile of shit okay but
it piqued my interest
harry potter and the mystery between
hogwarts are you a witch or you a wizard
I'll tell you what I'm not a filthy
muggle okay so I'm not a girl I'm a boy
so I'm a wizard
okay oh I can customize my own wizard
I'm gonna make him look like me okay
this is too much customization for me
guys what kind of noise laughs I have a
cute nose we put aside with a lot bloody
brothers who's this very nerdy kid that
I have to talk to hey I'm Rowan Akana
what kind of shitty ass name are you
getting ready to start
School of Witchcraft and Wizardry -
that's right I'm going Hogwarts okay I'm
going straight on the Polar Express away
wrong movie help you you say okay sure
you need to find some books for some
reason need to find some books what kind
of shitty-ass task is this gonna cost
wheat some dumbass wizard schools I have
to reach it
Oh my quest is here this game is shit so
far I'm not gonna lie guys all right
it's got to flourish and Blatz tap on
the glowing objects to complete actions
and earn rewards
wow wow this game play Wow just tap Wow
tap the book tap
wow man if any reading was actually this
easy okay still it now to read alright
22 years old still do not how to read Oh
grab them all
I'm achieving stuff with my life because
it's a mobile game we can pretty much do
is just tap I found all the books I can
give it to bloody rowing yeah I did you
blame that oh you've got all the books
damn ask you what's your name what's my
name my name is a name that you should
never speak no he wants to speak to
speak okay well that was a funny joke
okay let's confirm my name oh goes Lord
DB man fine I'll be boring I'll go with
all right how about titties come on
some guy coded in the fact that you
can't have the word pity's as your name
okay I should complain and write a
letter to this game I swear all right
can I could be called sock your mum no I
can't keep making jokes I'll just be
called messy Potter okay
boring you nerd
oh it's my acceptance letter damn mess
yourself we are pleased to inform you
that you have been accepted at Hogwarts
School of Witchcraft and Wizardry yours
sincerely deputy headmistress mrs.
McGonigle Wow Professor McGonagall walk
me this letter already got lots of
points see you in school he wants to
become head boy no one gives a shit
you're too shit of a wizard alright what
do you think I should get how about you
get lost
nervous seriously yeah get a cool hat
everyone likes a cool hat I have a lot
of hats but none of them are cool then
why did you buy the non cool hats or our
next quest is to get my wand
there is hello Missy Potter you want
your wallet I have this one it's made of
a per word oh you like it
look I could bloody test out my wand
here we go you stupid kick coming my
storm mess up my store I recall your
brother exploded my favorite ink pot
first off another brother okay whatever
okay can you stop talking okay he ran
away from home after being expelled wait
what's sad I felt bad for him I was
angry I was determined yeah cause
because these options matter I must say
I felt bad for him okay look like a true
bloodier a Gryffindor man I love you
good friend or alright shut up stop
talking about your brother okay so wait
ran away from home
okay try this one instead oh no magic
trick here we go here we go I'm so proud
of you okay guys we have my bloody
magical wand now it's time to get out of
it yeah all right shut up no one gives a
shit you nerd stop talking to me I want
to be a popular kid in Hogwarts okay not
poking low dumbass I don't know bloody
weird okay people say the same thing
about me no one says that about me ever
my brother is jacob yourself McRae took
my stick my last name chapter one
complete out 10 chapters oh I can't wait
for more this game alright chapter 2
stop oh we could him in Hogwarts now no
way look what's happening we're taking
is some magic shit's gonna happen in the
drain no way okay
well I can't wait to Betty go to
Hogwarts me we're gonna be put to a
house now hmm whoa okay this is pretty
cool all right this is this kind of shit
I want to see alright let's talk to
Professor McGonagall before the
welcoming feast
we must saw
all first-year students into their
proper houses
oh hello I'm Albus Dumbledore Thank You
students for coming once again ah hello
first year students I Professor Snape
now as Professor Snape you will be
assigned to your houses the four houses
are called Gryffindor the Brave and the
cheveux Alice
shyffilis we have Hufflepuff the kind
and the bit alert bunch of bloody
pussies that's what I say ravenclaw the
witty and wise bloody nerds
I'm Slytherin the cunning and ambiguous
you know I'll probably make more sense
in Slytherin than I do Gryffindor here
we go oh no and and now for yourself
Oh God I'm sitting on the chair I'm
sitting on the chair Oh No
what's gonna happen the sorting out
interesting I haven't seen one like this
in a long time what house are you album
for my bloody house of course I'm going
to be in bloody Gryffindor not Slytherin
every all sure yes why where discretion
where this time because crystal doses
they want welcome welcome to another
geared Hogwarts the past few years have
seen a great weight lifted from our
world the Boy Who Lived Harry Potter is
safe yes from now young Harry will be
old enough to attend dogwarts but for
now it is your turn whoa it's my turn
now I'm a wizard okay we got a great
house points okay and whoever gets the
most house points wins okay come on now
we can do this shit I hope each of you
will
a credit to a house will you talk about
you face seriously boy we're now gonna
go to the common room guys all this is
exciting
we're in the common room oh great my
nerdy friend is there again buddy Rowan
Atkinson or wherever is lame is wrong
okay no give a shitty would you like to
hear an exhaustive history of our house
how about no sorry shut up you know I
can't believe they let you in here after
your mental brother got expelled and
ruined Gryffindor's reputation wow this
guy's in our salt what are you most
looking forward to charms class potions
class or finding my brother your brother
you say I think I'm I know where it is
you do all right now we got a hug
because they've got the charms class
wait John's course now what's this talk
to this person following the rules I'm
like your brother should I say I'm gonna
follow the rules
or shall say I'm a rebel I don't give a
shit oh god I broke my glasses okay put
it back I'm a rebel bitch I'll do
whatever I have to to fine my brother
whoa okay that was pretty epic I'm not
online well well miss your papa
please have a seat class is about to
begin okay guys class is about to begin
here we go we will be learning the wand
lightning charm the warned you the want
lightning John look much he's doing it
he's doing it Loomis oh my goodness
that's so cool do you think it'll work
for me guys Loomis what stopped now it's
your time give it a try actions fill up
your star meter don't tell me have to
click on students and whisper okay wow
that they did not know how to put
gameplay yeah recite words by clicking
yeah yeah this is game play what am i
was happening what am i doing I'm just
pressing buttons choose my rewards what
do any of these things do why is there
three types of carrot sees I don't know
gems I guess there are
now I need to ask you a question to see
if you were listening
oh I wasn't listening in class what does
the charm Loomis provide is it light
pumpkin pasties or water what could it
be
think Brandon think I feel like I should
know this know this it's prepared to
cost Loomis we're gonna try our first
magic trick oh I'm scared concentrating
okay I did it I post I got a reward
again okay this this is a typical shitty
mobile game up whoa look at that guys
I'm a true wizard look all the other
students ain't got it I'm the first one
success that's what I like to see baby
Oh mr. Potter I mean whatever your
shitty name is points to Gryffindor shut
up you piece of shit potions class is
next I have a feeling Snape won't be
easy on me know whatever here we go guys
I'm going to bloody potions class but
who's that huh oh my good is that okay
that's not what that do I stand up to
her or do i distract her I'm gonna stand
up to this bitches in Slytherin that's
how you know she's a bit yes stand up
tall yeah five courage points yeah get
away from him you goddamn bitch Oh No be
careful burning oh I know who you are
she knows who I am I know your brother
he was crazy okay and he got expelled
from school
I love how this whole stories is like
the quest to find my brother which I
taught threaten or reason with her
it's just ran up yes you all know but
Snape heard me call her a bitch ah mess
yourself
I hear your swearing again Oh Snape I'm
sorry I didn't mean it - five points -
aw god damn it snake you also reactive
potions class before I give you
detention
Oh My glory up quickly we got your
potions class uh it was no big deal
would you stop talking to me potions
class has started a place for the
special oh no I'm gonna make this potion
just mad come on you got this
I do got this okay I'm gonna make this
shit out of this potion the lesson
starts now
yeah well fast watch me okay so okay
he's putting in two bits of those okay
going in or I put that in there oh okay
okay I better write the shit down okay
let's comprehend put that in there oh
yeah let's heats name yeah let's talk to
him yeah oh I got a reward for just
tapping literally don't make me repeat
myself mess yourself will focus what the
hell uh-oh I got a top in the ring yes I
did Snape okay level up my knowledge
baby whoa let's go but I'll go too now
I'm more twirling okay yeah twirling
she's my reward yep okay um this game's
repeating ourselves now okay guys we got
to do it now we're gonna do it quickly
oh okay see but this is nice okay and
water's going on oh come on it's a hot
spell book success but okay well I was a
sauce out of the end then perhaps you're
not as incompetent as I thought you
could wait what oh okay
I'll exploded I guess I couldn't do it
minus 10 points to Gryffindor what the
shit should we say that she sabotaged me
or slice a I'm sorry no that bitch were
we sabotage my potion responsibility for
your incompetence Potter bitch
okay chapter two complete well all right
guys I think I'm going to end the video
there but I am more than happy to make
another video on this game okay because
even though you know it's a marble game
which you know lots of tap-tap-tapping I
do love Harry Potter so I'm willing to
do more if this video reaches 15,000
likes and only if I will make a part 2
if not no worries I love you guys so
much watching a Blair yeah okay outro
and I just see later alright go away
leave me alone all right
show me your titties I want to suck on
that that is that is Sophia titties I'm
a teddy
