kupah hello everyone how is the one
doing in his measure selfie today we are
back with more reacting to dank memes
okay so this is my second try out to
laugh video okay since you guys love the
first one alright leave a like if you
want me to continue this as a series
okay I don't mind
Oh some guy was swearin Wow
bit of a jamak but okay okay it's this
one
wait is that keemstar in the corner oh
okay shot the plane oh okay yeah that
would make me rage - okay I don't think
that was actually the clip that keemstar
was reacting to but you know it works in
that case oh ok gold doing a lipstick in
the reflection but some guy realize
anyone was in there man I love that song
okay that's a mean that I tried to use
in videos recently if you haven't
noticed me
wait is this a concert of geysers Patti
don't do anything look at me just like
god damn it what the hell kind of music
is this shit everyone's going crazy just
standing there
Wow what legend what did she legend
always one of these stranger things
means here we go
communism yet it's a mean now for some
reason okay we've got a guy sleeping and
they put your cigarette in his mouth
oh god okay oh god oh god what was the
more they planning to do oh no no that's
the worst thing no way oh my god I can't
imagine what that would be like okay all
right clip of a girl crying wait okay
that got me I'm sorry guys I laughs
crack bitch Oh is Tyler one okay what's
he doing cooking as you know it's
impossible to hold an egg in your palm
not and break it wait a lot yet don't do
it nobody in the world can do it really
I don't believe that now everyone just
knows how much of it is now it is
actually possible it's actually possible
to do that shit matter of fact matter of
fact it is a deposit holy shit that's
funny
okay that's perfect moment right there
whoa that's cool okay okay I can't
playing with something
it just takes one person to do a funny
edit with just a normal cat clip if
you're one explaining don't come to me
okay
hey guy going on the escalator and oh
okay he's doing this bitch these girls
they're like what the hell's going on
right now all right I'm just casually
going up with a splits okay and that's
the whole clip Wow okay that can't be
real okay because these things weigh a
lot alright and okay if she won't hit
like that I'm pretty sure she would have
a concussion
soothing white noise and putting
prisoners on a cushioned seat before
it's metallic talons dig into their
necks and painlessly wrench their heads
off what okay alright this clip just
eight seconds of no context but okay a
machine to kill prisoners okay you're
gonna lose every time if you don't go
first
you're being traced
oh no oh God is this one of this
fortnight boogie-down dancers goodreads
okay
Wow other great moves man great moves
happy birthday Jesus don't sway little
kid you piece of shit okay we just ruin
this kid's birthday okay so he's allowed
to be angry man I should have made a
whole reaction video to the Boogie Down
trend okay cuz that shit was funny okay
we've just got a cat
just keep walking he doesn't have to go
forward okay so you're just gonna leave
me for another man okay it's wrong
blocks one I have a man oh so it's like
that huh
I cannot believe you we had something
I've replaced you oh no what's gonna
happen oh no it's falling as the saddest
roblox clip I've ever seen in my entire
life okay we got a guy running up and
doing a flip the scene alright oh no she
didn't break quick okay no don't run
shoot him okay he's running that's very
funny cuz of Spongebob guys off any
reason I'm laughing okay
dokin cuddles are love cause I love
Carew's it don't stop now don't stop oh
so cute this but this big-ass dog just
wants so much love all the time ah okay
this isn't a meme it's just a cute ass
dog but I really want to husky now it's
how listen oh my god this is just chased
away that cat oh it's a reptile oh okay
yeah okay there's Mark Zuckerberg leave
a like and share to support your fellow
reptiles okay yeah
Mark Zuckerberg a reptile that's that's
the meme of the month
apparently patreon brothers mouthwash Oh
God okay he just came anybody's doing it
boom I think your mom's outside brother
no no no all gorgeous okay all right
yeah that's fine shut the door behind ya
not imagine doing a poo in a public
toilet and some kid just comes in and
the middle of nowhere so and you ready
yeah I'm ready okay Oh jumping I'm wanna
dip okay
Oh Photoshop
oh wow we turned to Photoshop edit into
a meme okay Oh God
spongebob oh god okay
just watch okay some guy playing Zelda
okay oh okay I know what he's doing he's
trying to get this ball to gain momentum
to this ball okay you already know
what's going to happen where'd it go
okay spider-man okay he's practicing his
words you already know what's gonna
happen now here we go milk oh my god the
gun spray what was that is what happens
when your boyfriend gives you a bracelet
and dumps you to be with your best
friends oh wow oh no not the friendship
bracelet
no oh fun with her Ryan I think he is
actually and then he gives a shit of
that necklace ooh
if he gave you that Oh beside making man
running down the street why is he naked
oh god what could you do you got you a
naked man all right he's got nothing on
him there's me open there's people total
Oh totally
Oh skip you
you can't play uno with just two people
okay because you can do stuff like that
oh yeah I've seen this clip he has a
Kinder Surprise in his Christmas okay
some rats who died by the rap okay guys
you know what I think I've watched
enough memes for today I'm all meme
doubt if you laughed any point in the
video leave a like if you didn't leave a
dislike that's how these videos work
alright if you want me to make more let
me know in the comments section because
you know I don't mind okay either way
though thank you guys so much for
watching and I hope you did enjoy and
I'll see you in the next video man so
the guys love you barb that
