hello everyone how is everyone doing in
this measure self there today we are
gonna be reacting to story booth
animations yet again now if you guys
haven't watched my previous video on
story booth story booth is a channel
where they take your personal real-life
stories and they animate them you guys
who are subscribe to story booth
absolutely love them and I absolutely
love them I am huge huge fans of them so
if you have never heard of story booth
before please please please go over to
their YouTube channel and click that
subscribe button baby alright so the
first watching is Halloween kiss now I
feel pretty weird looking at stories of
little kids you know getting their first
little kisses okay but let's just watch
it I was in the sixth grade at the time
my school set up a dance so I was pretty
excited me and my friends were just
talking a few months before the
Halloween dance so we were playing
shooter there and I got a dare one of my
friends said oh go ask her cousin to be
your date for the Halloween dance and I
was like oh no I can't ask him I have a
crush on him and yeah your cousin oh she
said oh no it's fine just go ask him
he's gonna say no anyways oh I thought
she was saying go date my own cousin
okay sorry I was a bit weirded out I
just thought so I went up to ask him and
I was freaking out I was like oh my god
I'm gonna die he's gonna kill me really
oh my god you're such a lame-o then
we're gonna like me ever we're not gonna
have any kids oh no how many kids okay
this is where I feel kind of weird
alright okay we're not gonna have any
kids oh sorry I wanna go overboard there
yeah just let anyways so I went up to
him and then just straightforward asked
him do you want to be my date for the
Halloween dance
yeah and then he was just like what what
I was like do you want to be my date for
the Halloween dance something's like
what again what I said last time do you
want to be my date for the Halloween
dance and he's like sure yeah and I was
just like what mine just blew up that's
pretty cool though when a girl you know
us a guy out for a dance or a date or
whatever okay you don't really see that
everyone you know so fast forward a
month later and then it's the day of the
dance oh no my costume I'm not prettied
up and I can step into my car in my
dad's car okay
I thought my mom was gonna be driving me
but it was my dad
Oh not bloody daddy yo buddy boys
tonight
he started lecturing me like Oh whenever
boys try to touch you just say no okay I
don't okay so me as a dad okay standing
at the food table and we just you know
had fun okay we parties the a we sing
little then he took me into a hallway
and then he was like okay I'm having the
best day okay like right now I'm not
like oh my god I'm having the best day -
then he confessed he was like you know
ever since the first day of school
I actually had a thing for you oh yeah
and I was like oh my god I've had a
thing for you - oh he's just oh you just
told me oh and then you just kissed me
sorry guys I find it kind of weird all
right even if it is a cartoon okay I
kind of felt kind of weird all right
little girls telling me how they kissing
little boys okay oh he just kissed me
yeah and then I started kissing back oh
yeah it's like oh my god in my head I
was like oh my god double brain like
blow up bitch I was like oh my god my
crush is literally exchanging Celilo it
sixth-grade this boy I was specially not
so in the bloody animation so when I was
done
we started smiling at each other I was
blushing and my dad came to help me out
my so-called date he pulled me to the
side and then he gave me an ice-cream
cone I was like where did you get this
from then he's like the DQ down the
street obviously you went all the way
from me things like yeah for me too
laughing my cone and then my dad honk
the second time I better hurry up I was
like oh yeah
and then I waved by before I went
outside because I didn't want protect ya
you better not get this bloody boy so I
went in my dad's car I started eating
rice girl but yeah that was it funny
thing is I'm actually dating that person
right now oh the Dodge is they're like
oh that's the kind of cute story except
for the time where they showed the
another detailed kiss okay that I think
that was kind of disgusting but that was
kind of cute okay what what a cute story
of the third of her first kiss I'm not
even sure it was the first kiss okay or
the next animation the motherly watching
is called bad boyfriend
when I was a freshman in high school I
met this guy at a carnival and I didn't
think he was cute at first but me and
him slowly started to become best
friends eventually we really started to
hit it off and we ended up really liking
each other okay for the first few months
everything was okay we were in our
honeymoon phase good and I really
thought that I was in love with him oh
okay you're a child alright you don't
know what love is I slowly started to
realize that she wouldn't let me do
anything
I wouldn't let me go out with my friends
he wouldn't let me text someone that I
knew and had been friends with for a
really long time he always told me that
I wasn't good enough
Oh guy just put me down every single day
and I don't was it for three - it off
okay there are other people in this
world or I there's plenty fishies in the
bloody sea and I never thought that it
was running because I had never been in
a serious relationship Olga it caused a
lot of depression and anxiety for me oh
just got worse and worse and I still was
dating you why you never realize how
capable people are of being evil yeah no
he didn't say stuff that people could
see or any kind of way besides
emotionally Oh being hurt emotionally
hurts just as bad as being hurt
physically it ruins you just as bad your
war his day everything he said
to me is stuck in the back of my head
but then I think who was he was an awful
person
yeah and the things he said to me
weren't true yeah it's taking me a long
time to get over it but finally I found
this amazing guy that loves me for who I
am
it would never say stuff like this I'm
so thankful that I find me stood up for
myself with that bloody jerk okay like I
said all right this pretty fishies in
the sea all right this stupid girl found
another boyfriend okay don't be with a
man that's gonna say mean stuff to you
okay and vice-versa and as a matter of
fact okay damn alright the next
animation that we're gonna be watching
is don't judge me because I'm a goth I
am a goth and even goth is pretty hard I
get so many remarks every day okay
Wednesday Addams where's your brother
hey Morticia where's Gomez oh hey
Halloween ended Oh
I remember two incidences that really
got Ernie's my skin Oh
so the first instance was back last
winter and I was walking to Walgreens
and I approached the parking lot and
this little boy is just staring at me
like pretty awkward and pretty
uncomfortable so just a smile it's my
the way it'll be like world his head
around and look up to his mama goes
mommy mommy that girl looks dead should
we help her actually help her oh that
first mom was just kind of confused and
then she turned to me just let up this
giant dramatic gasp covered her child's
eyes and goes honey don't look she'll
curse you okay all right is that real
all right fair enough the kids just
being dumb okay he sees something freaky
okay and he's like but the mom said this
girl's gonna courser okay she's just a
regular girl come on now and there she
just glared at me and started calling me
a witch and so I just ignored her and
I'm like okay crazy lady just got to go
get my cough drops and I'll be done but
when I came back out she was still very
she was still chanting
witch or breath and then I noticed that
she had the Charmed necklace around her
neck and I just kind of chuckles she's
all what's so funny now my well you're
calm you
which when you have the Wiccan symbol
around your neck and you know the word
which comes from Wicca which I am NOT so
yeah don't be so judgey yeah don't
shield your son from this like it's a
horrible thing you know I just kind of
left her there with like her jaw hitting
the floor yeah what da Moscow she told
her in a placement ago oh it's diving
out for herself
I like that shit the second instance
really bothered me oh my I was ringing
up my stuff at the sub check out okay
this guy's just staring at me and I
could tell that he was very religious I
got my receipt I haven't changed my
items and I left he follows me grabs you
by my shoulder throws me around because
Giles there's more to this life than
worshipping the devil
please don't shroud yourself darkness I
mean the guy acted like it was gonna be
forever cursed than the pit of hell but
I just kind of snapped and I was like
you know what is bible-thumpers like you
that depict gods as satanic and evil
okay
I'm not sacrificing children I'm not
slitting people's throats I'm not
drinking goat's blood and running naked
in the woods okay it's a fashion choice
not a religious thing yeah can you
please pull your head out of your butt
and realize that and fYI sir I grew up
in a Christian household and I live
behind two churches dan alright so don't
tell me I'm the atonic before you get to
know Oh waking that guy okay so there
and then I left them the guy's face I
will never forget it this mixture of
like holy crud she's alright and oh my
lord what did I just do so what I'm gone
yeah it's just my decision but what I
wear and how I look like
of course I'm me and I am me and why
would I wanna be anybody else
to me what a beautiful message okay this
girl all right she has got a lot of guts
or a lot of courage to just be the
person that she wants to be and doesn't
let society okay tell her who she needs
to be okay okay the next animation that
will be watching is birthday party prank
there's this girl in my school and she
was really one of the popular girls and
it was her birthday and she was hosting
a party okay so she went around to
everybody that she knew and she gave him
invitations okay while I was watching
her eating the invitation I was like
yeah I know she's not gonna come to me
yeah it was lunchtime and I sat down and
then all of a sudden mmm I saw her
walking up to me there's like oh she
didn't ask me please please let her ask
me I know you want to go to this party
she handed me this envelope so I open it
and then it says you're invited oh my
god oh I'm actually invited turn all
right not swing so excited that day oh I
was just excited thinking about what I'm
gonna wear here I'm gonna do the school
they ended and then I just had to rush
and do homework because the party
started hour later and then I went in my
closet took out my clothes oh my hair
showers get ready for the party I ran
out the hello Mon I walked Ariel's it
took like five minutes when I got there
I didn't even see any lights I didn't
have music I didn't see any balloons or
nothing was decorated it was just dark
inside the whole house I was thinking to
myself wait did she like trying to ditch
me did she prank me she tried a fool me
I wanted to make sure that I'm at the
right house so I looked at the
invitation again and I was her house
number so I looked up at the help in a
sec that I was like know what maybe she
did try to ditch me maybe she did try to
form or maybe she did trying to prank me
so I ran back to the house and started
crying oh she's already like I had all
these emotions like I was sad mad tired
I just had to let it out that day so the
next morning came okay I woke up and I
actually didn't feel like going to
school that day because I didn't even
want to see her face oh myself she maybe
thinks that I could never be popular
that's why she had like oh no my mom
everything that happens and then she was
like it's okay honey but you have to go
to school today you don't want to miss
out any words I was saying yeah my mom
you're right I should really go to
school that day go to school I just went
and everybody just stared at me and my
hair I was thinking while they're doing
this but then I just ignored him I went
to all my periods in school and I just
forgot about it oh that's how horrible
thing I have ever heard okay that's not
a prank
that is bullying right there she got all
dressed up already all excited just for
her to be put into the wrong house
that imagine that okay that is a
horrible horrible horrible feeling man
it's worse than not being a bye to the
birthday party it's being invited to a
fake birthday party
man what a bloody bitch why is it that
all the popular people are such bloody
assholes okay it is not fair man or the
next animation I'm gonna be watching is
called I lost my brother oh my god
my brother wasn't the nicest person but
we loved each other all and over time he
developed severe depression no one day I
was on a class trip and I was having fun
okay so yeah just finished up for the
day and we were at dinner and the
teacher got a phone call and her eyes
just got a look of terroir burned I just
pulled me aside and told me that your
brother has been found in the bathroom
of his wrists slit my eyes just filled
with tears I'm at home from my trip
early no and I didn't get to see him I
said I shouldn't have to see him like it
I went to his funeral and everything
there was
crying Neil just caskets everyone can
see him one last time and say goodbye
and I couldn't go over there I kind of
had a mental breakdown right then and
there at his funeral I just had to leave
and go home like I don't get to see him
being buried oh I would just only in my
room
not come out and my mom would bring me
food and be like try to eat this honey
oh and I would tell her uh-huh but I
never really ate it I lost a total of 30
pounds 31 when chewy I started to come
out more and kind of got to the fact
that he was gone I ordered up his room
and we never went in this Jesus I didn't
go to school for about three months
and when I finally did everyone just
stare at me look at me and just say
she's really here she came here oh
that's a therapist because my doctor
recommended that all my mom just did
everything she could to help me and my
sister get through it
Oh one day I saw my mom talking to a guy
what kind he said okay so we're gonna
put the wall right here and turns out
they were gonna board up my brother's
room permanently she's like seeing
another addition I didn't want that to
happen so I told my mom no but he told
me they were gonna do it anyway
Oh before they put up the wall I went in
there oh and I took everything out of
the room that I wanted to remember him
oh the main thing that I wanted to take
was one of his best hockey trophy oh my
brother loved hockey and he had a great
trophy that I got to take home after
they won the championship oh I saw the
trophy and it sits in my room staring at
me just taunting me a lot of times I
walk to the cemetery where he's buried
and I just sit there and talk to him oh
my god Wow guys please please please you
need to promise me okay no matter how
sad and depressed you get you would
never ever ever ever ever think about
doing something like suicide okay
suicide all right it's a it's a
short-term solution to a long-term
problem okay suicide doesn't just affect
your own life okay it affects every
single person that does care about you
okay look at the impact that this one
boy had on his whole family just because
he was feeling depressed okay just know
that there's people out there that will
talk to you all right that are
interested in you all right and you
matter in this god damn world okay I'm
really glad I watched this animation now
because you know these animations you
know they tell some good messages all
right please please please do not ever
do anything like this guys promise me
okay or the next animation that we're in
watching is called my dad was never
there for me I never knew what it was
like to have a normal family
oh because ever since I was young I had
a father who was never there for me oh I
have a wonderful mother who was always
there to support me and comfort me
however I can't say the same for my
father he was an alcoholic and because
of it I paid a lot for the damage in
pain it brought oh no I couldn't just be
normal
oh I couldn't invite my friends to my
house because I was scared my father
would be drunk and that he wouldn't
embarrass me in front of them I was
often jealous of my friends because they
had dads who were there to be a part of
their lives
my dad was rarely a part of my life he
was often not even home and when he was
he wasn't in his right state of mind
because he was drunk and even when he
wasn't drinking he shot me and my family
out of his life I would stay in his room
watching TV or playing video games
almost all of the time
it was as if I had been replaced by a
computer all this gave me low
self-esteem growing up because I felt
unimportant oh it broke me down and I
was often scared to come home because I
knew what awaited me was only a porn
family
oh I remember one night I was sitting at
our kitchen table while my mom was
cooking dinner and I could hear my dad
teasing my sister from upstairs and I
could tell he was drunk because his
words were slurred
and he finally couldn't take it anymore
and she screamed at him that's gonna
stop it you're drunk yeah me and my mom
were just in shock that my sister had
stood up
my dad yelled at her and accused her
that my mom had told her that he was
drunk then he proceeded to stop
downstairs - where my mom was standing
in the kitchen he yelled at her when I
was sobbing hunched over in my chair oh
and he snatched a glass bowl off the
table and slammed to the ground he
stared coldly at me as if I didn't
matter he stomped back up the stairs and
slammed the door Wow I can't see him for
what felt like weeks Wow a few years
later he was arrested under charges of
domestic violence and child abuse whoa
he had never physically hurt me but he
had said so many damaging things that by
the time he was arrested I had such a
low self-esteem and self-worth that it
was actually a relief to see him go Oh
however my father was released the next
day oh and he actually came back home
after about a month of living with my
grandpa okay dad started drinking again
after attorney and I actually began to
stand up to him yeah I told them this
isn't okay and I would really appreciate
it if you try to quit but he didn't
listen to me oh those few months he
lived with us after being arrested was
one of the hardest times in my life then
one day my mom just had enough and she
kicked him out go buy a divorce yeah I
have been slowly recovering and after
months I realized that I am important
you all do matter and no one should ever
have to feel like they're unimportant
because someone makes them feel like
they are worthless yeah I'm scared
because soon I have to face my dad again
for court reasons but I know in my heart
that I am strong and that I will have
the strength to stand up to him yes
stand up to him oh my goodness what a
brave woman the moral of the story of
that video guys is that you know some
families are right that they're not easy
to deal with okay but the most important
thing you must do is stay strong and
hang in there guys okay things will get
better you know you need to just stay
through the thick and thin of it all
okay damn what a brave brave woman
is adopted for seven years of my life I
grew up in the foster system
okay actually my mom's house because of
the decisions she made to stop being
there for her children Oh
at the time it was just me an eight year
old girl and my brother an 11 year old
severely autistic boy Oh No one day the
police showed up at her house oh they
asked me a lot of questions and then
told us I would be
at my aunt's house with her three kids
okay and my brother would go to a home
to support his needs I stay with my aunt
their cousins for a year and a half
until one day and my aunt told me to
pack some clothes no I thought I was
going to spend some time with my other
on nothing so happily I went to pack
some clothes but once I was done I went
to the front room a man told me and my
cousin I was going away first oh I
didn't know what that meant but we all
cried
oh my case records showed up my
caseworker I didn't tell me too much on
our car right there but for the most of
the ride I cried Oh once we got there I
was greeted by someone I would soon look
up to as a sister ya know by more people
I would soon consider my family oh I
left it for two and a half years whoa I
wanted that's made my favorite phone my
forever family once I got my biological
mom had another baby I was only five
months old in the state wanted us to be
together forever oh wow we didn't with
him and his foster family oh I watched
him grow up cry off us change his
diapers uh-huh I never thought I'd have
a little brother but there he was right
before me I was so cute I thought that
was it for our foster placements but I
was wrong
oh no something didn't work in that home
and we removed after a year and a half
of stings
oh we were with our very first white
foster parent oh okay a single mother
with three cute but crazy kids they said
at least on that home it didn't work
left on my last day of school we were
taken to our next foster okay and our
last one thank you Jesus
Oh another white family with four kids a
boy in the 11th grade girl going on
ninth grade another girl miss seventh
grade and under the boy in like the
fifth grade oh and of course two parents
a mom and a dad in two lovely black dogs
oh those people showed me and my brother
so much love and care even after our
hearts were broken by so many people so
many different Oh
I never had a father figure in my life
so when I got to this one I didn't
really know how it felt to have a father
at all Oh December 31st 2014
we were adopted by these people yeah
here for two years now I've received
lots of love and crazy rules and
groundings
oh I'm blessed to have a place to
finally call home oh that is so
oh sweet man now the thing about that is
that you don't really think about these
kids that come from foster families okay
in foster homes you know you guys are
have no idea how lucky you guys are to
have parents okay that love you all
right man what what a brave woman Jesus
Christ you know what guys I think when
I'm ready teen I'll start a family and
stuff you know I think I might adopt a
child okay because I think it seems like
a good and right nice thing to do okay
and also just because your dad isn't
like a strong figure in your life does
not hold you back in any sort of way
okay you are an awesome person no matter
no matter what okay or the lost
animation that we're gonna be watching
is called abuse story I used to know
this guy he was my mom's friend okay oh
no and he was like kinda nice he can
candy and let him play a lot okay my mom
thought he could trust it but one day my
mom had to go to the store to get
barbecue and stuff no and so she had a
left with me because I wanted to stay
and so when they left her girlfriend was
going to do a shower to take a shower
while he watches me okay it was not that
good and he locked the doors and
everything if something went terribly
bad he doesn't seem to me very bad I did
not want to do I didn't want to tell my
mom because he told me to not tell no
one and if I did he would pry through me
and hurt my family so I kept quiet
oh my mom says what's wrong hey ice and
nothing else okay so then after days of
days I've been worrying trying not to
Tao knowing because I was scared
Oh every school I could not read I
cannot talk now right and they would be
like what's wrong as like oh nothing I'm
just a front tire Oh No till one day I
told my mom to choose your total she was
like ah sweetie is trueness it yes I'm
scared
and I started crying I'm crying because
I I had let out it kept bugging me so
much I had to let it out also the big
knock on the ladder tight Oh
when I told my mom we had to go to the
police station they asked everything
what he did so I can't tell them until
they told me their investigation and
that a or he was denying he was denying
it so I went to court during hate the
car was very scary because I had a look
at him and my lawyers yeah
the Lord asked me questions about how to
say yes yes or not like that I was very
scared I was shaking and shaking and
shaking till I dropped it was kind of
scary but ever since I did the court I
let it out and it felt good to let it go
to trial like I was not paying more yeah
so I'm pretty a bad guy in jail he's in
jail now
whoa Jesus if you've been hurt or don't
feel safe you can get help by telling an
adult parent a teacher family friend and
they'll listen okay yeah that is a true
true message guys okay if any if any
person touches you or does anything bad
be good okay all right you don't take
that shit okay I'm most important that
you need to tell someone
okay because everyone would care in that
situation okay you are a victim in that
situation okay and there are so many
people in your life that would care
about you okay and are there to help
damn man but what that goal did by
owning up and telling and going to the
police and going into the core all right
that would take a lot of courage to do
and I have nothing but respect for that
okay ladies German I think I'm gonna end
the video there that was me reacting to
storybooth animations now I'm probably
not gonna make any more videos on story
booths so if you want to see more story
booth animations please please please go
over to their YouTube channel they have
so many animations so many great great
videos with great great stories I would
love it if you guys show them crazy
amounts of support because you know this
video wouldn't have been made possible
alright without them either way though
you guys so much watching and I'll see
you in the very next video man solare
the guys I love you Bob bad
