I think a cop is giving this guy on a
bike a ticket red light apparently like
the biker I just turned red bike and
well they're just posted up
poor guy
those good boys
this close your friends came cool I
didn't look good at all oh yeah actual
fire you happen
well it's definitely a fire you know how
a smell can like evoke a memory like
nothing else like when you smell a food
that makes you think of how your mom
cook for you or you spell a perfume or a
clone that makes you think of a past
lover whenever I smell like a burning
building in New York City it it brings
back these memories that for them I do
it brings back these memories that are
completely dormant in my brain of being
here on September 11 I mean it's not
like traumatic or anything but they are
memories that I would prefer not to
confront and when I smell like a there's
a fire in the city it's just like hits
me
honey I saw like a big fire by Houston
and like West Side Highway
like a proper fire like smoke say that
again
are you excited that we can have another
baby I'm just saying we could if we
wanted to we don't can this had a
doctor's appointment this morning where
the doctor said and I quote you're a
prime candidate for a third baby alright
can this house Billy going do you have
anything that you want to give anything
about Billy that you want to pitch me on
any new products any um any new t-shirts
okay good talk to talk I'm gonna go
did you see the what I made the video
like two days ago where we cut in half
by Diamond play button diamond play
button cut in half all right there's a
joke in that video where Lincoln the kid
that I made the video with he like
pretends to drop it and it smashes teddy
and it's like solid something so careful
of it and not so we're gonna use the
cuts to do do-do-do careful okay what do
you do sort of do that gag we made a
diamond play button out of like fake
glass this is what they use in the movie
I think it's actually sugar booster
shatter super easily so I thought it
would be funny right now to shatter this
last piece see it only broke in half
all right
ready
it just turned to powder my whole studio
is covered okay next up in the show I'm
gonna do something I haven't done in a
really long time but I've been meaning
to do and I need to make a regular part
of the show again purely for purely for
logistical reasons I'm bringing back an
old segment to to the old show here mail
time
oh my goodness oh the Free Hugs project
is something that this guy named Ken he
started something called the Free Hugs
project and it's like it's just about
set spreading love and positivity keep
doing the most good can get Casey please
find enclosed early Christmas gift okay
it's a hand-painted New York City
Christmas tree ornament thank you Tom
this is beautiful oh dear Casey not sure
if you're familiar with biltong do you
know my wife has South African I love
biltong Bill Tom it's sort of like beef
jerky but it's not a salt issue anymore
been very good built on great stuff Duke
is um a 90 year old college student I
just heard selling marine ball terrarium
sincerely Zach your 19 year old Zach I
wish you the best of luck with with your
new business
your case is a little present - thank
you for Murray moe gachi Murray mouth
thanks to this book you know Frannie
loves in tendo and she loves TV but we
still read to her every single day this
is simply a VHS tape that says play me
you know whoever sent this to me most
people don't have VHS players at the
ready that kind of technology is really
antiquated it sort of went out about a
dozen years ago fortunately I'm not most
people this is actually a fourth VHS
tape I'm telling you or I've been
sending you Andres I super appreciate
the VHS tape I will finish watching that
and I'll follow up on it right now I've
got to stay focused on mail time or I'm
never gonna get through all those boxes
there's three six eight on it here at
Panda packaging we're eco-friendly
caught me trying to change the roller to
do things bamboo straws oh I appreciate
this I saw that picture a non-viral of
the little sea turtle with the straw
stuck in his nose
thank you very much panda for sending me
these straws Halloween was two weeks ago
I hope there's not a kitten in here I
can seal every general Halloween is a
person if you can't decide what to do
for all I mean have a cool mask for you
in canvas in July we import these
Serg I appreciate you sending this by I
wish I had opened this before Halloween
it would have been a lot of fun don't
suck up sir just opening table magic
your Venezuela yes
that mask would have given Francine
nightmares for months case you were here
to any video thought you'd enjoy our
newest product of the same economy's not
you me about Casey sound wait that it's
literally called Casey sound
it's called Casey first of all great
name for a company that I really look
forward to check you out you that's
pretty nice that's a pretty nice little
oh you put an Amazon echo in it and then
it's bamboo so it's not so ugly and it's
beautiful Casey sound when you're sound
needs a little Casey says three six
eight it's it's addressed to me dear
Casey were Abbey Grange
rock band from South Africa hey
highest-quality shaving supplies William
watery William your handwriting is
incredible thank you for these shaving
supplies I feel like I live in the 1800s
and I need to grow one of those
mustaches last package Candice uh-oh we
thought you would enjoy this all the
best of the new baby kale of your love
your jewelry okay I'm gonna go ahead and
open this for Candice she's not here
right now okay that concludes this
episode this portion of this episode of
male time look all that this is what I
still have to get through this episode
would be three hours long if I went
through all these boxes but I'll do it
I'm gonna get through all these just not
right now I got to go home tomorrow here
on the show
I gotta bring you fully up to speed with
everything we're up to
