good morning for a run
great morning but uh you see it looks
beautiful over there but then stormy
open up rain 8 running in the rain it
does look like yeah it doesn't like the
storms getting closer see this great
band ear behind that is rain I mean I'm
no meteorologist but that's just my
prediction
okay much much to discuss today on the
show I want to start things off with a
really awesome update something that
I've been looking forward to sharing
with you for a while now which is that a
few weeks ago when I crossed the 10
million threshold I launched this
t-shirt and it was part of like an
initiative to raise money for this young
lady who lives in Flint Michigan her
name is Mari she was trying to raise
money to give the school supplies and
backpacks to kids who otherwise couldn't
afford it I announced that for every
shirt sold we give four dollars to her
fundraiser and we did it we sold
twenty-five hundred thousand thousand
dollars to her fundraiser which I'm
going to give right now ha we did it
guys good work everyone
we did it we push Mari over her goal of
$75,000 Mari I hope to meet you someday
and I should say that I've never met
Mari Mari I hope to meet you someday her
people and and she personally reach out
to me on Twitter and we've been dealing
a little bit so amazing getting to know
you
alright what else in the update there's
nothing on here it's just a blank pieces
ah Twitter we got the handle on Twitter
don't ask how we got that but we got the
hand I'll follow 368 on Twitter we'll
try to be interesting we have the same
handle on Instagram I think we got the
same handle on Instagram so now both the
Instagram and Twitter handle 4 3 6 8 is
simply at 3 6 8 that is called nepotism
okay ah other update beam that you
haven't heard me talk about beam in a
long time the team from being
that I used to make videos with they're
still making videos they still operate
independently they're still doing their
own thing and the stuff that they're
making is fantastic so I'll link their
channel below they're on YouTube send
them some love you won't regret it
my friend Griffin Harrington shot that
this morning on the subway Griffin nice
catch but that is that is really how wet
it is in New York City today a couple
days ago on Twitter I saw this video
that was kind of going viral and it was
this kind of like big mafioso looking
dude sitting on like a public
transportation train and he was just
shaving matter-of-factly he had shaving
cream on he was shaving and the people
film me or sort of snickering and making
a joke of it and it was it was
and I remember my finger went straight
the retweet button and I hovered over it
I thought it'd be funny to share it's a
very New York City moment but I didn't
click the button and I thought for a
second look maybe there's more to this
story i whatever and then I scrolled on
and I went on with my life so then this
morning I see this news story that's
trending and the title of the of the
news story is man can't save II on train
and viral video says don't judge so let
me just I'm just gonna read a little bit
a man was mocked online after he was
recorded shaving at his seat on a
commuter train heading out of New York
City said he was just trying to clean up
after days spent in a homeless shelter
the story goes on it says the truth
Torres says is that the video captured
him at a vulnerable moment he had been
homeless staying at a shelter in New
York City he reached out to his family
for help
a brother gave him money for a train
ticket and then this is the part that
really hit me hard he goes he left a
shelter before having a chance to shower
and clean up and he wanted to look
presentable so the nut of the story is
just that this guy has a really hard
life he's trying to get some help he
didn't want to look like a schlub so he
shaved and he was ridiculed for it and
the story ends by saying a quote from
his brother maybe people will have more
feeling knowing what this kid's been
through so the moral of the story for me
is never judge generally like everybody
has their own demons that they're
dealing with their own struggles that
they're dealing with so before before I
judge I I want to make a more concerted
effort to really try to empathize with
others and that's what that that's that
story just kind of
made me think of how's it going how many
captains today five five yeah I'm Casey
yeah Justin is this the most popular one
so far it is Justin let me see okay and
of all of Jeremy's great designs what
about that one you like the most I think
it's more most actionable probably it's
a good reminder I think to keep it in
top of mine all the times Jeremy I was
gonna give the your tattoo operation a
plug anything I should say are all the
slots gone I found a link below the
Jeremy 368 tattoo project is up and
running new designs every day and a
couple of slots there's some left this
week okay all right later
eight skateboarding in the rain search
after Dan got hurt standing in the rain
at me Oh Dan I gotta talk to you about
Dan
dad was only here temporarily you know
from the start but we weren't sure when
like that temporariness we weren't sure
how long the whole thing was gonna last
and okay so I guess he was in Northern
Ireland for like a video conference or
something and instead of coming back to
New York he had to go back to South
Africa and he told me from South Africa
he's like hey bro
I heard you like the South Africa none
of it made any sense there's something
you had to deal with there apparently so
I danced back in Cape Town not
permanently but for now and it's really
sad because he's like three 6/8
cheerleader and mascot and he's just
drawn don't forget us stand
