so just arrived in Houston
Candace's parents live here in Houston
they live in one of the neighborhoods
that was really badly affected by the
floods here for two days just to help
them dig out I really don't I don't know
what to expect
it's uh it's this house here you can
pull it this is what he put up for help
the furnitures been dragged all over the
house this is the floor look how gnarly
so this is completely underwater
yeah this was the last place he was
before he went to the ninja what's the
plan just tear the house down to the
Payette air loss fast outlook machine
that's Candace for middle school
so this is it this like River situation
right here this is the culprit
Candace's parents house is just over the
berm that way to give you an idea of
scale this is about I don't know 10 or
20 feet deep of like concrete foundation
here and then above that the grass you
see is another another 25 feet or so I'm
from the very bottom is concrete at the
very top of the grass it's probably like
40 50 and that's the height at which
campuses parents houses the very top of
where you see the grass here and the
water at its highest was probably 8 to
10 feet above that
so Candice's grandma canvasses
grandmother here in 1966 this is from
south africa and this is Candace's mom
so that operation behind me is to dry
out all the old family photos it's sad
it's hard to learn all the old photos I
can only imagine what it's like for for
a Candice's parents having like raised
their entire family in this house to see
how to see all this water but to yet
there was nowhere left to go I went from
a low base to a higher base so when it
got today I said I have to get out of
there and that the current was too much
outside I and I had the God so I
couldn't have the dog swimming around
and the current so I chopped out the
skylight with a hammer got sick that is
you had to hit it with a hammer and
smash out this piece it was covering
Italy and then I climbed out the window
then a a risk you cross what does that
mean never again never
so it's Saturday now it's it's tomorrow
we spent most of the day today
finishing digging out Candace's parents
house it's sad it's tragic
Candace's parents lost a lot they lost
their home they lost a lot of their
possessions but they have savings they
have insurance they're going to be fine
where I'm headed right now is to go
visit some people who had it much worse
than Candace's parents and they're being
assisted by by a group of individuals
called team rubicon come explain what it
is that team rubicon does sure so do you
akan on profit organization and what we
do is we recruit trained and deployed
military veterans for disaster response
so we take the men and women who've been
served in the US military we combine
their skills and experience with first
responders like firefighters police
officers we send them into positions
like this where you know they're helping
people as we like to say on their worst
day and in doing so you know we see that
these military veterans are finding this
sense of purpose again that really
reinvigorates them is you know they
transition at the military as you can
see behind me we found a family here in
a suburb of Houston
you know this home lacked insurance but
it's a for us it's particularly special
when we can help a fellow veteran out
this was furnished this was somebody's
home less than less than seven days ago
seven days ago they went to sleep they
knew the hurricane was coming this area
of Houston and never flooded before and
they woke up the mom at 5:00 a.m. she
got out of bed the water was ankle deep
within 30 minutes it was at their waist
and this this refrigerator right here
actually picked up from this part of the
house loaded and pinned their daughter
against the island that was right here
and she actually has a contusion on her
leg that goes
about a mid-thigh down the middle of her
calf and it pulled a fridge offer
firstly I had to take all the furniture
all the clothes all the knickknacks
everything every possession that this
family owned and take it out to the curb
where's the family now it's the thing
they're doing now so the the family
staying at a Hilton hotel we had a
gentleman come through and he wanted to
meet the family came in and when he
learned that they were staying at a
Hilton they expressed that they couldn't
even really afford it for $150 a night
and the guy asked if he could pay for it
he handed him you know four thousand
dollars right there just just to make
sure they didn't have to come out of
pocket it was you know there was the
first time we saw that the the man who
owned the home this Navy bed was the
first time I actually saw him break down
and cry it was it was pretty powerful
Thank You Man appreciate what your
family safe I'm Jenny I'll put a link
below to Team Rubicon they are nonprofit
send them some love there they're doing
a lot of really good work down here
things that I can I take myself
brain
