Frannie's like there's a big mouse
coming
today is a day of firsts three six eight
well today's the day of one first
today's a day we're doing something at
three six eight for the very first time
that's what I'm trying to say we still
haven't figured out like a lot of the
details when it comes to how we want to
activate the community here at three six
eight and that's largely because we
still don't really have permission to
open this place up yet but I'm we're
doing a little thing tonight we just
invited some friends by we're calling it
Taco Tuesday even though today is a
Wednesday and cook dinner tonight we
brought in special guests Mike and
Joshua brothers green so what are you
gonna give me the rundown all right
we've got a lot of things so we're doing
Mexican feast it's not like the best
tacos in the history of right now are
you doing vegan or would you and me both
we've got we're making a cashew sauce
here we've got these so we're doing a
short rib or in salsa fresh slaw right
here guacamole salsa verde got a salsa
Roja right here it's going on so here's
the here's the most important question
how's the 368 kitchen awesome cuz
they're the first to break in
Thank You Jo for sending me these
gummies I just hate six packets of them
I feel a little like I'm gonna go ahh
part of three six eight probably the
aspect of three six eight that I'm most
excited about is what we're calling like
the incubator side of the company an
incubator like a technology incubator is
when is when like a founder somebody
with an idea becomes part of this this
organization called an incubator and
they're that individual is given
resources and access to information and
gets networking opportunities and given
the tool to take his or her idea and
learn and figure out and take it from an
idea to a company a YouTube incubator
would effectively be taking like a
aspirational youtuber somebody who wants
to be a youtuber and taking them from
wanting to be a youtuber and helping
them to become a youtuber and I think
three six eight or companies like three
six eight could be all over the world
and they could be these these entities
were in people who have dreams of
becoming a youtuber can solicit
resources and become part of something
bigger than just themselves and
ultimately realize their ambition now
we're we're still a long way from being
there but a great way to start is by
doing little get-togethers where similar
minded creators can chitchat with one
another get to know new people discuss
ideas and let things snowball from there
so in the long game I hope 368 becomes
that and that's our ambition but for
right now I mean for literally today
we're just having like a some tacos
tonight so people can just try to get
together we can chitchat super casual
it's not even it's just like it's just a
couple of my friends from the city but
it is kind of the first time we've
invited anyone by three six eight okay I
got to go see Minnie Mouse
no quick work interruption today it's
fashion week in New York City this week
and I was invited to this fashion event
that somehow involves Minnie Mouse so I
asked if I could bring Freddie they said
yes Candace and I are doing that now
it's a big surprise for the little girl
she's you know sort of freaked out how
you feeling if I go you don't look that
big
we've arrived at the Minnie Mouse
fashion event it's called mini style
we're waiting on the Queen herself
Minnie Mouse to come out Francine is not
a she's not super patient
what this looks like bodega where's
Minnie now a truly lovely affair in
there but we have yet to see Minnie
Mouse and Francine is on the verge of
completely losing her what's up I'm so
sorry I haven't made Taco Tuesday intro
but next week when I'm back y'all
probably went won't do it next week
either it may be the week after that
the taco nights just getting started
in fact it's barely started but
apparently we've got a birthday topping
and there's alcohol
which was something amazing
it went extremely well
yeah received I think that it kind of
brought back the memories of the
underground catering we did that's like
wait we don't have to just like get
people tacos instantly it's bringing
back good class you work I appreciate
you thank you
baby's kicking don't push you don't
realize your own strength
oh my goodness that was disgusting Oh
God I mean that's beautiful but it's
also that's disgusting honey what did
you think of the first-ever 3680 Taco
Tuesday very good but there was a lot of
tequila I just think there weren't there
was not a lot of drinkers I'm not a
drinker yeah you know you can have some
beer people always crack open a can of
beer okay thank you for maybe some
sangria okay we had margaritas that did
okay
