okay I got it can we go home now this is
you're trippin with the big day today is
a big day today we're taking the kids
that is the two-year-old and the 19 year
old to go to sesame place that's like a
Sesame Street themed amusement park
somewhere near Philadelphia very very
exciting day you think I'm a bad driver
yeah you can drive I'll sit in the back
with the kids
there's a little bit of a line at the
Starbucks here but I love rest areas
look at the side look at the side look
at this door the sign where's Elmo there
he is
so we've made it to Sesame Place make
the Sesame Place everybody's really nice
so far our friend seems having some mild
freak-outs but so far so far so good
yeah
Freddie it's close but they'll open soon
Francine's breakfast
yeah I checked the demographics of my
audience before coming here in the
average age of the viewer of this
channels like 20 so this is a little
young for you I apologize it's all about
the kids you know
Francine's two and a half and this is
peak for her life this is this is it
this is the high point of her entire
life so this is Francine's first-ever
fun fair ride
they go
door hit you on the way out that a two
adults per ride rule here so Owen is in
his own is in his own okay no Owen has a
friend a stranger I'm trying my best to
hold it steady
oh my god do you like this right
don't be scared
oh poor kid you like it's making me sit
watching these
no more round and round rides for me
been seeing was having some cake to go
with our ice cream for lunch in a
successful day what do you think are we
gonna leave now I go to the thing there
was a parade
show
he's getting tired
we're in the gift shop now I think that
it's 115 I think the day is kind of
winding down friend seems on her on her
last leg snap times usually like 12:30
or 1:00 but she's been a total champ
that's that's Philadelphia out there we
decided to make a weekend out of it and
stay in this here hotel in Philadelphia
you know just thought it'd be fun got
both the kids with us tomorrow the
holiday in the states would even feel
like going straight back to the city
sightseeing in the in the great city of
Philadelphia Jesse didn't use Scylla
fear
if the drone cinematography is enough to
snuff it's because just using the little
spark here I don't know how to
controller for this thing yet having to
control it on a little touchscreen cell
phone which isn't great but the fact
that I have a drone in this little purse
is just amazing so you are a baby
I think that just about wraps on our day
in Philadelphia in that sesame place
review of sesame place huge thumbs up if
you have little kids bring them there if
you have older kids maybe not so much
little kids though perfect thoughts in
Philadelphia great city okay all right
bottles like a touchdown remember me
forget me
