Wow I'll take a shirt okay great good
time for you I guess I see what a
smaller
this behind me may look like a crime
scene of some sort this is no crime
scene at all just bluebloods the TV show
is that a fake hot dog stand
everything's fake how you doing hey
doing good big fan dude I think you're
awesome nice to me is there any film in
your camera no it's a prop dude how's
the investigation some fake Mercedes
shooting some fake dude I guess it looks
hard
hi dude I can't walk past this line
because I have like official gear oh no
this is what you call a picture car
that's not a real compliment but to have
a picture car like this in New York City
nians there has to be actual cops nearby
just in case someone gets confused I
think the real cops are over there I
can't tell though they don't look real
hot pretzels drop hot dog buns
a million reasons to love New York City
but like skateboarding into work and
going buy a movie set like that just
makes it I don't know just remind you
how amazing this city is this is my new
necklace this is my new amulet highly
fashionable yesterday I was out of town
on a shoot on a big shoot that was
awesome
somebody came up to me on this shoot and
they said part of the reason why I moved
to New York City was because I was
watching your vlogs they're watching my
vlogs and all of the time lapses and all
of the footage of New York City is what
convinced them to move here that exact
conversation I have at least once a week
if not more
so it's been a little while since I've
uploaded and rather than explain why I
haven't uploaded I thought I would share
with you kind of what I've been thinking
I wrestle like on a daily basis I
wrestle with like existential thoughts
like what is the point why am i doing
everything that I'm currently doing and
TV little context of that it's like I've
got a grown kid I got a little kid not
to have another kid is YouTube channel
this office my company got my running
which is just crazy why do I run so much
my loving wife why do I wake up every
single day before 5:00 a.m. what am i
chasing and the answer is I don't know
and this isn't like some emotional cry
for help I am extremely happy I'm happy
right now I'm a happy person I'm I'm
grateful for everything that I have I'm
appreciative of what I am and and how I
got here
there's very little that I take for
granted but I want more I want to do
more I want and I want and I want in Y
like where does that come from
a B C they always BBC closing always be
closing always be closing one of my one
of my favorite creators one of my
favorite people
Ethan Klein he's like taking some time
off right now and he posted that he's
taking a little break because he felt
like he was chasing something instead of
appreciating what he had I really like
that I think it's poetic and that's
beautiful
see yeah ambition ambition is both a
curse and a blessing it's a blessing
because without ambition you're just
kind of treading water it's ambition
that makes you swim to places you could
never imagine
it's ambition that takes you everywhere
you would ever want to go but it's a
curse ambition is a curse because it's
not getting to that destination it's not
achieving what you hope to achieve that
satiates are satisfies your ambition
it's the actual chasing it's the do
ambition is only like the imaan sterlet
ambition is only fed if you're
constantly spoon feeding it the doing
not the accomplishing so every time that
someone who's really ambitious tries to
stop you've stopped feeling satisfied
the curse that is ambition always
demands more and I don't think that
everyone is cursed or blessed with
ambition I don't think that like
ambition is this universal North Star so
that brings me back to KC the
existentialist what's the point what is
the universal North Star what's the one
thing we're all chasing after and I
think like in my heart I genuinely think
that one thing that we are all pursuing
in life is happiness happiness is the
point happiness is the ultimate
accomplishment it's what we all want or
it's at least what we all should want
happiness and and happiness doesn't just
manifest as a product of ambition but it
can come from love or it can come from
calmness or it can come from whatever is
a sense of fulfillment what in life
gives you that and then thinking that
through like what makes me happy I you
know my family makes me happy my running
makes me happy wait yep before 5:00 in
the morning makes me happy and feeding
my unrelenting ambition with work makes
me happy so here I am back in the office
doing one thing that makes me happy my
North Star which is my work which is
making video and that that kind of
brings me to the next thing that I want
to share with you
so this morning for the first time in
the history of ever we took all the
white frosting off of the windows of the
368 retail store and now you can see it
now technically we're not supposed to
open the doors yet we're missing
something called a crowd control permit
but considering there's no crowd outside
I feel like it's okay we don't really
have any of the products we looking to
sell yet ready either but we do have
this limited-edition not available
online
Casey nice that t-shirt and and we have
this gun ready
game on Hudson tees two down
you
never work retail before this is our
inventory
oh wait this is our first step I do do
you have any change cuz I don't have any
change what size are you do you mean
another happy customer here basically
how the guy well I've made $45 of these
t-shirts cost late $25 to manufacturers
yeah so so far I'm down about hundred
and forty bucks
wait look who's here hi Candace this is
a store no you guys are my last
customers of the day the register all
right so to everybody who came by 368
today thank you to the rest of the world
don't come two three six eight we're not
open I'll let you know we're open it's
gonna be a few weeks we still were not
supposed to open okay that's it we're
gonna do our podcast now listen to our
podcast isn't linked below
anything else lady
