I live I live all the way down there I
ran here I run into David in the black
who talked me into coming to play
basketball and instead of finishing my
run oh I'm in right quarter oh but David
still got the lead over there I showed
this to this machine last week and
people didn't understand how it worked
just squeeze it and it says out the
juice
it's really good maybe you notice maybe
you haven't I've been shooting the vlogs
on an entirely new camera set up for the
last like four or five episodes I'm
getting a lot of questions about them I
want to do a little tech segment I know
a lot of people give me a hard time
about tech segments and I'm super
insecure about it so if you're not
interested in camera Tech Talk go ahead
and skip to this exact time right here
and that's when this segment will have
concluded okay so I've been shooting the
vlog for the most part on this bad boy
right here this is the latest and
greatest from Panasonic or lumix it's
called the Lumix G H v I like it I like
it a lot it's almost right prior to that
I was shooting on this thing in a 6500
by Sony
this one's 2000 this one is like 1300
this one's nice and small and sleek this
thing's pretty large and bulky which one
takes a better image the sony which one
has better focus the sony which one is
better low light performance the sony
which one do i like better the Lumix let
me tell you why it's simple i can't vlog
without a front-facing screen I can't do
it this thing does not have a
front-facing screen so I love this
camera but it's got to sit on the shelf
I need to be able to see my face when I
vlog I really genuinely feel like the
day of design and made this thing with
youtubers in mind
it's got great 4k it also has a super
powerful front-facing screen it's like
the same kind of screen that's on my
cell phone super good blacks gives you a
really good image it's got a slot there
that holds two SD cards so it can shoot
to both battery on this thing is good
it's like as good as the cannons were it
does have full autofocus while you're
recording it's not Sony 6500 or Canon
ATD good but it's definitely good enough
my favorite thing all time favorite
thing is the fact that the the chip
itself is stabilized so the recording
mechanism inside of this camera is on a
five axis gimbal or three axis gimbal or
something and it keeps it really smooth
also this is kinda stupid but I
that the microphone input is right here
like in its own special spot instead of
being down here where all these other
ports are like it is on every other
camera I feel like instead of having
engineers in some room design this that
actually had people who use these
devices sit down and design it the
front-facing screen I cannot say enough
about okay now what sucks about it this
has a tiny chip in it see that little
little little little fella in there a
chip size that's called a micro
four-thirds chip one inch aps-c micro
four-thirds now chip size does mean a
lot but like I've been reminded for much
of my life sizes and everything this
thing does incredible things with that
small chip the color reproduction the
image itself I really like in bright
sunlight it's unbelievable but it falls
apart when it gets dark outside low
light on this thing is it's pretty weak
especially compared to the a 6500 focus
when there's not a lot of light it's
just this thing is just worthless it has
no idea what to grab focus on but that's
okay because I do understand and I can
empathize with hardware limitations
hardware limitations are just the
limitations of the actual hardware what
I have no appreciation for our software
limitations because what you can do with
software is limitless and it should be
perfect so this is probably my single
biggest beef with this camera I never
know when it's recording look let me
show you I'm exaggerating but let me
show you it's recording right now see
how you have this little blinky light
right here that's recording give me
something more than a tiny blinking
light when I clamps down I want to know
with confidence that it's recording this
light doesn't do it for me
but then I accidentally touched this
really unnecessary menu over here now I
look down is it recording or is it not
recording why is that red record light
covered by this menu who designed this
interface is terrible even if I stopped
recording this stupid menu stays up so
if I start recording yet it's okay
that's one beef number two this one's
even more egregious say I'm recording
like I am right now see the blinky blink
and then I want to use the tap to focus
which is great tap right here
cool now it's focused on the nearest
object wait
did it stop recording is it still
recording is it recording right now I
don't know let me just check on the
screen there's no notification how about
on the blinking light there is none I
have no idea if it's recording right now
lumix what were you thinking so in their
defense that is just a software issue
just that is a software issue that could
be
with the firmware update lumic's get on
it that is unacceptable
next thing is about button layout when
in movie mode which is the only mode
I'll ever use it in when I press the
shutter not the dedicated record button
the shutter it starts recording
that sounds insignificant it's a big
deal lumic's thank you it's great see
this little button right here that says
D is P as in display this little bastard
right here alright that is what cycles
through the information that's on the
screen C display display display display
this makes no sense the location is
right there as in exactly where this
thumb organically rests so while I'm
sorry on the fly I'm constantly
accidentally pressing this button and
the screen turns off and sometimes I'll
be recording and I'm struggling enough
to look for your tiny tiny invisible
blinking red light and now is it
recording I have no idea the blinking
lights gone and then I press again the
whole things off
so those are my initial thoughts overall
I really like it that will indeed be my
new vlogging camera until something
better comes along
I think it's expensive but I think if if
you're looking for a very serious
vlogging camera that I would say the
Lumix is currently the best on the
market despite the shortcomings I just
outlined
now hopefully I won't hit that stupid
button so often okay earlier today I
filmed a thing where I use the space
machine full disclosure this is my
friend's startup and it's my favorite
thing ever it's like a juice press you
put the packets of juice in there it
squeezes them delicious juice comes out
then I saw that juice arrow the name of
this was trending on Twitter because
apparently you don't need this whole
device you just you can just squeeze
this packet of chopped vegetables and
out comes the juice so I thought I would
test it alright so this is the packet of
chopped vegetables this is the extremely
technologically advanced press that is
required to squeeze the juice we're
gonna now did you see this it's trying
to go on Twitter right now we're gonna
see if you can actually extract the
juice without this extremely advanced to
Tesla iMac like machine ready alright
but that's not that as much as comes out
oh yeah honey keep going I had to
squeeze for what
you know Oh God Jonathan how many times
have you seen over the top
let's cut open the packet now come on
imagine juice I'm really getting tired
yeah look inside it's not inside our
delicious good that is fiber brush
vessel run right through give it this
how's it taste
it's delicious
that's great it's great it's really good
it's great and if you don't have a Jake
at home just goodies reduce fun you
still need the Machine of this I love it
and I don't even like this stuff
yeah wow that's powerful all that time
she's ready for the heater there's a
woman squatting out of the taxicab
and the car
that woman that woman definite that
woman down there was just squatting out
of a taxicab peeing on the side of the
road and Candice said that's disgusting
and then she wasn't afraid
