now I'm not much of a much of a fashion
guy but these pants these are my summer
pants they're my favorite summer pants
but they're all destroyed so I'm gonna
start I'm going to start this day off by
treating myself to some new summer pants
hey doing I'm great
do you have another pair of pants that
look like these pants these are my
favorite pants but they fell apart on me
see these pants they're just great pants
but look look
you're great
new pants great way to start the day
morning afternoon
so much more excited than you are you
like my new pants and not bad for my
summer pants they like parachute they're
not parachute people they're like they
died like army they're like handsome
slacks oh wow yeah that's you could up
you could go swimming like a hairless oh
that's mature Jack thank you how's the
lighting grid the lighting grid is
totally unfinished but Jake haven't seen
yet has he
oh my god how much weight can these hold
glad you pull up from these yeah I don't
see there's a problem slate I think this
means we're actually gonna have to start
making stuff soon I'm ready I'm ready
Fresno you are I know I've been like
fairly cryptic about explaining like
exactly what we're doing how we're doing
it
what B means now what Jake and all these
new people are doing I need to make a
separate video that is just me walking
you through all of that and I'll do that
I just know what I like piecemeal it in
the vlog because it's a lot to explain
this channel has just crossed the seven
million subscriber threshold and let me
be the first to say thank you very much
for making it happen I appreciate each
and every one of you but rather than
congratulating me on this one my dear
friend Oscar just did something huge on
his own something that I think is well
fewer people have done what Oscar just
did then have gotten 7 million
subscribers so let's go visit Oscar and
I need each and every one of you to send
him a congratulatory thing in his thing
that I'll link below Oscar I I've just
saying to the YouTube audience that
today is the day that I passed 7 million
subscribers on my channel but that I
don't want any congratulations and
instead I want to transfer all
congratulations to you for your recent
achievement thanks man
all right so Oscar in addition to being
a youtuber link below don't forget to
Like and subscribe
Oscar is a feature film maker like he
makes movie theater movies and him and
two of his collaborators made and a
bunch of other people made a feature
film Oscar was the producer like the
producer on this movie and it just got
into the most important Film Festival in
the world yes it just got into and
didn't just get into the most important
to the Cannes Film Festival
Congrats Oscar thanks it's but it is I
mean it's it's a it's Josh and Benny
safdie's movie who used to work upstairs
in this amazing building right they
directed it you produced it huge
congrats to you and Josh and Benny but
like holy this guy just won
big-time ask your boys hidden premiering
what's it called good time good time all
right congrats Oscar later I love the
fact that my friends and the people that
I work with are finding success all over
this space
you're free
that a girl I married named Candace well
Candace is new company called Billy
she's doing an event like up like a
party like a big get-together to kind of
like celebrate the initial launch of
that company and any of that she asked
me to go up to her office so I can help
them brainstorm how to do this event
it's not I don't want to go it's just
that I do have better things to be doing
but you gotta you gotta support the wife
nice bike man
so much safer than this wait where's
your helmet
what's the range on ours really what's
your what's the acceleration
got faster I forgot my helmet I do a
hell-like you a helmet you're just
toying with yeah I got I got the power
now you do look you look dignified on
that John these guys want to send you
one yeah haven't sent me one I emailed
you cool yeah cuz if there's one thing I
don't have enough in my life it's tiny
motorized devices
wow this is my turn good to see you John
time to see the lady one of the reasons
that this city is so magical literally
every time you step outside it's like ah
it's like a story just hit you in the
face
it's happening in here okay I'm here how
could I how could I be of assistance to
you okay I'm listening okay I'm still
listening
I just don't know like what is the
objective of the event cuz I wanna do it
school
let let me pitch it to the audience try
not put this in the blog Billie is
Candace's new company and they're gonna
do a big launch party and at that party
they're gonna do this thing which is
awesome which is take a gold bracelet
like a gold wire am i telling you a gold
chain and have it welded to your wrist
see if it likes it there and there's a
kind of old man with safety glasses like
it's permanently attached here as the
owner to get an office with bolt cutters
then the tattoo artist Jeremy is gonna
be there tattooing Candace's drawings on
people's hands and arms for free what
else is gonna make the night special
free alcohol that's it's all y'all okay
that's where we'd like you to come in
YouTube viewers please comment on
Candace's Twitter maybe not below
because I'm not gonna read him what she
should do it this is that to make it
interesting you won't have a petting zoo
baby goat what about getting like a New
York City hot dog vendor to give out
free hot dogs in the cage I'm putting
that in what about getting a hot dog
vendor to give free hot dogs in the
street makes hot dogs though alright bye
you've been extremely helpful I don't
buy wait I wasn't helpful a little
helpful no okay bye guys
and that's what marriage looks like
don't you wait till you see the project
can you be something that's not first
sorry heaven tender for today's video
what I just need an ending for the video
happy ending
I think the first time you've ever
cooked here
can I go buy us food from that food
court that's like me why don't you look
good something fresh Sam I think you
made her do it thanks tuned
