here I'm here in LA at this sweet hotel
with the family airplane Candace and the
baby are leaving today with her sister
I'm really busy the whole weekend so
they're gonna be they're good they're
situated
it's fine I just want to get there and
they're like you can't come in because
you're not Canada's nice back alright
I'll call them bye honey
and that's it that's probably the last
I'll see of them until we fly back to
New York her sisters here or mom's here
for brother sister's husband they're
gonna have a fun time I wish I wish I
was hanging out with them more ic+ it
all right we're out here we're having a
meeting
we got Paul we got scooter things are
happening but look at this briefcase
right here can I show this yeah these
are all brand new virgin Galaxy s8 this
phone isn't even released yet look at
all these whoa what's up good what's up
guys with always fun are you ready to go
oh yeah absolutely let's go we gotta go
let's do it we got to go we got to get
out of here here's a great hotel
that's it we're leaving this great hotel
forever Wow beautiful hotel
it is nice right yeah historical
landmark
well I figure since I roped you into
coming along and helping me make this
video while I explained it to the
audience what we're doing I can also
explain to you what we're doing because
I have not done that yet at all
I like that we've gotten this far and I
have no idea what we're doing literally
called him was like can you come to
Santa Monica right now and here we are
and I'm here in a helicopter I've also
never been in a helicopter that's really
happening it's gonna be a good day so
this is what this is we're making a
Paul's or anything I can't say okay
we're making we're making a TV
commercial for Samsung but the concept
explicitly was to have it shot on cell
phones by creators like us starring
creators and all that but all you all
like the LA base YouTube creator friends
of ours are at Coachella that's what the
cool kids go which is a music festival
it's like three hours from here so we're
just gonna zip up there right now real
quick real quick and go film this thing
today with whoever we can sort of link
up with does that work for you sounds
great to me that's a good afternoon
you never been in this before you should
go first
okay you feel good well oh yeah not
scared at all
I'm feeling this real a lot yeah I've
never been in a helicopter
that was a kind of a long flight we were
in the air for 4045 minutes
this is Paul's uber he's been up for you
Paul or you already get around it so
will what do you think of any of this
production so far so far so good I feel
like I'm being treated correctly I'm
digging it
I know you have a rider that you only
travel in stretch limousines so I'm glad
we're able to get this together I mean
if it's not stretched I mean what am i
doing did you hear that the driver just
asked if we want to stop for beer I only
drink wine we're literally just take
this - there's no other ride this is
crazy we have made it to palm Palm
Springs we're now on our way to shoot
the first segment which were shooting at
we're shooting with my favorite my
favorite youtuber david dobrik and his
friends this is like a quick scene we've
got the rest of the crew meeting us
there
we're still not clear on what to do but
wills working on it
yes that was unconvincing we don't have
the concept that's over expire yo I saw
you're you're trying to entertain you
guys you come over here now listen I
want to eat you everyone you get down on
the ground give me ten push-ups right
now let's go
we'll pray just for me they don't even
live there you guys were really good at
nobody cracked a smile thank you guys
thank you for coming the kind of nation
hundred will have trouble you are
screaming at children the first scene
here at the table something's gonna
happen I'm gonna take a water ball in
the eyeball right there it's like a
funny gag get it quick this has only 5
seconds of quality content right now
and that was my weakest performance I
think we go this will be our last take
youtube.com sister okay that's a wrap on
david dobrik I think it legit well right
no it went great it's like 12k and took
us an extra three hours but it went
really well
how do you think it went okay that would
took a long time but it was beautiful
that was art it was good right yeah it
was good thank you guys later
same school don't do drugs
mr. Chino Bay Palm Springs B as a boy he
is a specter it's a nighttime now we're
actually headed to the Coachella
Festival today's shoot went fantastic
but we didn't get as much of this
shooting done as we wanted because it
got dark out
I can't blame that anyone I feel like I
was our fault for leaving Santa Monica
so late but we're on our way to the
Music Festival now I have never been to
Coachella before either
are you excited oh I am also
but Coachella night ends where the
Coachella night began in the back of a
bicycle major for
