do you want me to put you in the vlog
for your birthday today's Amalia's 30th
birthday happy birthday alright
see Candace drives Francine to school in
the morning some days before my run I'm
a good husband I'm a good husband and I
go get the car for her you know mornings
can be stressful in the household when
you got a kid so anything I can do to
help out
count on me honey
I think today is you know
well first back by popular demand I
think today's gonna be the day when I
finally finally finally give a
comprehensive review of the of the new
one wheel plus yeah I've been waiting
for good weather I'm waiting for X Billy
nice outside one of those days where I
want to shoot something outside and but
first first realtalk sorry keep using
that our Kelly song as the intro I know
our Kelly is a bad bad man I just it's
such a good song alright real talk if
you're not new to this vlog you know in
season one even season two hours super
consistent and uploading every single
day almost always at the same time and
since I started season 3 I've been
nothing but sporadic when I upload and I
wanted to take a second to explain let
me animate this see in vlogs season 1
and 2 the vlog really dictated a lot of
my life maintaining the interestingness
of the vlog the actual act of creating
and then just the sheer amount of hours
dictated my life
for season three I'm making sure my life
dictates the law focusing on family is
more important than focusing on making
the episodes interesting my job is more
important and spending time focusing on
health goes above spending time editing
the vlog now now the only way to do that
and make sure the vlog doesn't suck is
by being selective when I do it you know
like we were with family in Texas the
last couple of days it was all about
family the baby was their own was there
at Candace's parents were there that had
to take precedent over the stress of
creating a daily show somebody sent me
this I don't I don't know what this is
you know down at beam we're working all
kinds of things so we're gonna start
making shows and and movies and all
kinds of stuff down there that means
they're gonna be more days and I don't
make the vlog what matters is that these
episodes are good and I'd rather make
them you know four or five times a week
and have them be really good then make
them seven days that we can have them
suck and then the other thing it's
important is is sustainability it's when
I think back to why I stopped blogging
the previous two seasons like I started
to hate it and I think it was just the
roulette like the fact that I'd never
had time to think it was just go go go
go go which has its virtues but also
after a year and a half it was just it
was unsustainable
so I'm hoping this new sort of thesis
this this this new approach to vlogging
it's something that's more sustainable I
can tell you this much I love doing it
again like the process now is so much
more I know it's more relaxing it's more
exciting it's like yesterday on the
plane when the baby was freaking out and
Candice was freaking out and I was
freaking out instead of also trying to
make a video at during that stressful
time instead I was like exciting about
getting back to it today you know I
looked at a lot of my youtube friends
when they stop vlogging like Gina and
Jessi BF versus gf those are my favorite
YouTube channels some of my favorite
vloggers you know they talked about the
stress that it had on their personal
life and other aspects of their life I'm
just trying to be responsible and trying
to navigate that so I'll still see you
almost every day I'll try to
click upload amis every day but I hope
this makes sense and I'm gonna make
exist the largest sometimes here at beam
HQ we squeeze our own juice this
happening
all right Amalia here's your birthday
goose enjoy it thank you I got oh I got
that seven go in there one I got last
week oh it is good isn't that look at
the house steady it is - mm-hmm
oh it feels fancy back here this is this
is downstairs that beam but over there
is where we built offices and little
like it's very professional here and
then Jake and I are turning back here
into just like a raw studio space so
ceilings painted black we're gonna put
sound panels on them what else you doing
down here okay putting a lighting grid
in up here this gonna be filled with
lights Lucas Mia light panels I don't
know what a lighting grid is is this
your personal Supper is this ours this
is already gear yeah yeah this is what
happens when you give Jake access with a
company credit card stuff man
we got this really cool follow focus
okay this is our incisor I think this is
really cool so ef-s lenses right they
have a motor in them for focus so what
you can do is like a team
so there's a store called supreme maybe
you've heard of it they sell like
skateboard
clothing an erotic characterized the
dreams but the fans the people who buy
supreme clothing they're called hype
feet really getting to the gear and
apparently today there's like the most
insane seen outside of supreme
oh my god
this is the line for supreme yeah and
that's the line for supreme and then
that's supreme right there do you get
anything good yeah yeah let me see let
me see
check it off how long did you wait in
line two hours two hours
pleasure to meet you rich who pays you
when you got a deal with all this
supreme pay you or the city do you get
some free supreme t-shirts no no you
just got to keep the peace so tell let
me ask you then what what is what is
supreme culture supreme culture man is a
fashion culture it's about young young
people doing things that they want to do
and exploring everything man look you
got little kids say you got that they
all relate to supreme so much over other
fashion because you see the designs the
prints they real original man supreme
and then the logo is strong man Supremes
are strong logo it goes nowhere it's
number one Casey I think nice - thank
you bro guy oh my gosh what's your name
I'm Chandler I'm from services girl
Chandler from San Francisco
like your honestly like my hero like I'm
gonna cry right now like stay in school
don't do drugs I want to drive the hate
drug alright hey yeah alright good luck
with all these kids Thanks take care
New York City that have these street
teams often they give away free stuff
that I guess they just assume people are
gonna want these guys here they give
really free chocolate milk just one of
the great perks of living here I'm on
the one wheel dramatic difference from
the from the previous generation one
wheel it's is pretty incredible
okay so there's definitely a learning
curve here I'm getting there
not a lot of opportunities to test the
off-road capabilities of the wooden
wheel here in New York City
I really feel like they took care of all
the shortcomings all the beefs that I
had with the original version now this
thing's like I mean it's smooth is
butter it's crazier responsive it's a
lot faster I feel much more in control I
don't know that I'd become bull riding
this in New York City traffic but I said
the same thing about the booster I had
my helmet I left my helmet blue test in
traffic
says the man not rich rich what are you
thinking in one wheel it's nice right
it's one day man
I gotta say this thing's pretty pretty
impressive one wheel you know I would
say the question I get asked the most is
should I get a one wheel or should I get
a boosted board if I had an answer for
it if you live in a city like I do
boosted boards grace it's wonderful on
the road if you live in a place where
there's any off-road or trails or water
or sand or dirt the one wheels fantastic
for that so I could never ever say that
one is better than the other but this
one wheel is wildly impressed okay
alright just give me go ahead and in the
broad right there
