guys I have a really bad idea
I don't know that I've ever seen fog
like this in New York City before it's
amazing it's like San Francisco
I get asked a lot how I shoot these time
lapses while I run I shoot them on my
phone and then while I'm shooting the
time lapses I do push-ups gonna make my
runs a little bit more of a dynamic
workout I gotta I got about a half a day
in the office today cuz like I travel
tonight but yeah they're like most of it
I don't think she's pregnant I think it
was a total marketing scam by stores all
right everybody keeps asking if jack is
still alive Jack is alive and well still
here still kicking are you coming on
this big romantic trip that we're
working on here yeah she talked feel
like a year away
did you talk a little lady about I did
yeah
I think she does it me a lot of to ease
down there downstairs it's coming along
really really well Jake gets a geek out
pick out all the expensive gear to buy
alright Jake so long farewell hazy
almost there
Penn Station New York City's super brief
history lesson Penn Station used to be
this beautiful building built in 1901
and then in 1963 they demolished the
beautiful building and replace it with
this total hole embarrassment of a train
station this dump
but I know about Ava and I bet she wanna
solo
I'll be the baby and a name but I'm
gonna be trying to look to my man let me
not bitch
I mean low ceilings it's claustrophobic
in here it's always crowded something's
always broke in if you're from out of
town you come to New York City visit
Grand Central Station it's beautiful
it's amazing it defines this st.
avoid this place at all costs when you
humans we need beauty and train stations
it's where people come in and out it
should be beautiful Penn Station is not
beautiful
for our train ride
but all that happened with everyone in
New Haven we have a stop here for one
minute
I was trying to see if I'd get that shot
before the Train took off I don't know
we just left New Haven or whatever so
probably like 10 or 15 minutes but come
out on the porch and wave so I'll see
you I don't think they'll slow down long
enough for you to throw me a sandwich
but I might be able to see you wave dad
I don't I don't think the conductor's
gonna stop but I will ask because I
would love it to Anna sandwich this
train goes exactly by my dad's coffee
shop no not yet
last car I see you I see you
I saw you dad I saw you alright see you
later dad alright I'm in Boston
yeah crew team right there who do you
guys go for nice okay see so have an
hour and 20 minutes to kill before my
talk before my talk tonight I need to
really get an internet connection so I
can upload a video I have an idea all
right that that is the MIT Media Lab
home with some of the best internet on
the East Coast this is my MIT ID that
expired June 1 2014
see if I'm still welcome in my old
stomping grounds man the memories are
flooding back
it's good to be back here I used to
spend so much time in this area right
here the lab I studied in was right
there great to be here and just you know
I'm not breaking any rules by being in
here these public areas are open to
students and former students and
whomever it's just the labs you're not
allowed to go into unless you're have
permission it's so cool to be back here
and the internet is stellar it's good to
see you I'll see you in New York I'll
see you there
I'm putting you in my video I ran into
one of my lab mates my former lab mates
Kim what was it like sharing a lab with
me for those for that for that time I'm
productive I can buy media lab so many
runners involved
I better to northeastern right now
that's a that's a university you're in
Boston
very excited about this talk tonight
very excited huh you gonna talk I'll see
you there so I'm in the right place the
person who's like my handler is like
showing me where to go tonight he's
coming to meet me
right here these talks that I always do
and you see me travel to in these
episodes but I never actually show the
talks
basically it's like it's always
different but I share my experiences
both in my career and in my personal
life and it's something I love doing and
I try to say yes to to almost every
opportunity all right so we're getting
started out there everything's getting
prepped everything was good how come you
guys get how can you guys get to come in
first how can you get the good seats
you're the organizers thank you for
having this train that leaves here at
10:00 and gets me back this city like
2:30 in the Hornet are you introducing
you yes
are you notice yeah do you have any
questions I can answer
yeah okay good luck Thanks listen here
that's it now
got a four and a half hour ride back to
New York City I get in at 2:30 in the
morning
Johnny Eminem and I don't wanna be when
you get to get that big girl rain
the monitor diva you me the same old
thing not talking on the table
