my real work to do you're gonna do good
video work today you're gonna do good
video work today good boy
ten months ago a Batman throw this part
on the bike path right here and he
killed eight people and injured others
to make sure no one would ever be able
to drive a car down the bike path again
the city of New York and the NYPD but
these concrete barriers all along the
bike path make sure no car could fit in
thank you to the NYPD thank you to the
city of New York for taking these
measures to keep us safe I as a cyclist
and someone who uses this path
appreciate it very much
but and it's been nearly a year since
these blocks here were put into place
and while they are effective in
preventing cars from driving through
here they do make it dangerous for
cyclists and runners and people walking
on this path to trying to get in and
around this used to all be open for
traffic to your both ways but now you
see there's a small opening here a
slightly larger when they're a tiny one
there that she's coming through and then
two smaller ones here in this particular
case that the things blocking the road
take up about 90% of the of the path
itself and here this corner here is just
a confusing mess if someone's coming
around the corner on foot and then you
got a biker or a runner coming this way
well it's just begging begging for an
accident
these things for example seems like they
could stop a car and they still enable
fights to kind of move around and they
seem like a really good kind of
permanent solution or
these things you're also great look no
cars again through this and you can
still get your body curved skateboard or
whatever get around them really easily
so maybe you can put something that
looks like this in place of these
terrible things so in conclusion I
appreciate you I appreciate all the
efforts made to keep us safe in the city
but maybe we could maybe get rid of
these things and put in a put in
something that's a little bit safer and
a little bit more permanent of a
solution I can't begin to tell you how
many times I've nearly injured myself on
these and I can't imagine I'm alone
thank you
exit flags
not that kind of flexing I do want to do
a little flexing though because there's
something that I've been waiting for all
summer long I'm really excited about it
and I want to share it with you and it's
a little bragged it's like a but I'm
just mostly excited to share it okay
I primarily edit and work off of my
macbook pro this thing it doesn't okay
job I mean I complain about on the locks
there's a lot of stuff they don't like
but it does a pretty good job but I have
been wanting to experiment with two
things number one a Windows machine into
using Adobe software I want to kind of
switch ultimately from Final Cut Pro
over to premiere because well everybody
that I know uses premiere is very happy
with it and I'm like this with Final Cut
I had a custom computer built a custom
KC computer built it's done it's here
it's in that red box this is looking for
you ready for all you gamers out there
familiar with this stuff okay I get it
you've seen it before this is new to me
I've never I've only ever had this is
what my computer looks like play the
garbage can look at this orange yellow
green pink on Oh on oh look that I gotta
go downstairs and eat Candice main gear
thank you this is awesome I'm excited to
get into this real talk
I haven't talked to you about the
podcast the podcast that Candice and I
do couples therapy haven't talked to you
about in a little while well I haven't
talked to you about all the progress
we've made over here in a while either
oh this is funny are you doing good
camera work the hell's going on here
what's she doing in this meeting my
radio podcast yeah okay a couple of
things number one we haven't done a
podcast in a while and there's a reason
for that
if you listen to the podcast you know
that the podcast is really like real
like we don't mess around we don't pull
punches it's just it's honest and it's
real and we've been dealing with some
lately and that we hadn't resolved and I
just wasn't comfortable doing the
podcast until we had resolved that stuff
so we could be honest and not fake it on
the pod so I just wanted to explain it
to you so I don't want you think it was
a matter of me or us being lazy it
wasn't that at all
there was more to
than that and this will happen again in
the future when we miss uploads yes my
dear we can't plan our arguments around
a podcasting schedule yeah if we're like
dealing with we're like struggling in
our marriage and relationship we can't
just turn that off to come record a
podcast I hope you understand this is
just us being honest alright so that's
it this podcast is live though you
should go download it the link is below
and one thing that's interesting is we
saw our numbers like our downloads and
how many people are listening to this
podcast it's insane
millions and millions I had no idea so
thank you to everyone for the constant
support of the podcast Candice thanks
you too come on say something hello my
baby hello my darling hello my ragtime
gal Thank You Candice for that ok that's
it we'll see you later this is it we're
just like on the podcast listen to it
baby my heart on fire
if you refuse me honey you lose me then
you'll be left alone old baby trouble
and tell me hard
you
