Gowan
before I get into this review I want to
disclose that this is not an unbiased
review as in this is a biased review
maybe you've seen the commercial that I
star in watch me I mean I wasn't I'm not
being paid by Samsung to make this video
I'm just like work for them in the past
in fact I had to beg them to give me
this thing to make this video alright in
general I'm never I get it tech reviews
but let's get started so as you can see
the si+ is a fairly large phone when
compared to the s7 and it's really not
that much bigger or wider and when you
compare it to the iPhone 6 plus it's a
little taller but it's more slender like
look touchy touchy
no well almost touchy touchy
and it's all about it's all about
holding them in your hand this is the
key comparison here how they feel when
you're holding them si iPhone 7 plus now
one critique that I had of the s7 edge
is that there was like a little too much
edge like my fingers would always I kind
of accidentally activate things and
touch things because they touch the edge
on the I mean s8 it really feels like
they fix that like there's nothing
awkward about holding on to the edge of
this thing the side-by-side screen real
estate comparison that is how much
surface of the phone is dedicated to the
screen as you can see the s8 here is all
screen this has got a big fat chin a big
fat chin and I gotta say when you hold
this thing when you hold this thing in
your hand it's like the screen is sort
of dripping off the edges it feels it
truly feels it truly feels like you're
just holding a screen in your hand and
that's kind of amazing the s8 here feels
a little bluer
this feels a little warmer like this is
more of a pink orange this is more of a
blue I will say you can definitely see
the pixels on the iPhone and on the s8
it's nothing but pure butter like that
is a clean clean text right there
no sign of pixels nothing just razor
razor sharp this is where you can really
see the difference I need like a pointer
look at this this huge chin all this
wasted surface area and this is just an
amazing image versus the iPhone I mean
even even versus the older Samsung it's
just so much screen this is where the
screen really makes the difference it's
just it's just so much more screen for
the phone sighs all right because this
is like uh because this is an unreleased
one I can't really go outside or film
anywhere interesting with it so I'm
gonna go ahead and do a film recording
test indoors with this thing all right
this is gonna be the front-facing like
the selfie camera video camera test got
an iPhone 7 here and I have this Galaxy
s8 plus here ready on the lighting
conditions very pretty dramatically here
in my office funny I can't tell looking
at the screen which one's better this is
what the audio sounds like on the iPhone
this is what the audio sounds like on
the s8 let me light myself ready okay
this is with extremely bright lighting
in my face there's a little backlight
action little my glasses action okay
let's try the rear camera why do they
bury on iPhone why do they bury the 4k
settings in the setting menu instead of
having them in the camera all right this
this is the 4k camera test
they're both shooting in 4k trying to
give you some camera movement
I mean it's really it's so hard to tell
you're looking at the screens as far as
which has a wider lens very hard to tell
it looks trying to frame them the same
it looks about the same
I think that the s8 has a slightly wider
lens than the iPhone but it all sounds
of just a massive screen so it could be
the bigger screen again I would take
this camera test with a grain of salt
I'm just filming in here I would love to
film outside I'm not allowed to let's
simply look at the still photos
okey-dokey now I'm going to test the
selfie camera that is selfie stills
again I really wish I had a prettier
test subject but I'm not allowed to show
this thing to anybody so it's just me me
I'm gonna test the flash on the camera
alright that's kind of it that kind of
concludes this actually this is like a
hyper rushed first look at the Samsung
s8 I don't know how much time with it
they just they just gave me this thing
and I gotta give it right back and while
I do work with Samsung so take that for
what it's worth I was definitely not
paid to make this video and I wasn't
paid to say that like this thing's
pretty amazing this is like it's almost
the cell phone I've been waiting for
since I was a little kid the cell phone
been waiting for since I was a little
kid is nothing but screen all the way
like a pure dude is just holding a
window to the universe in your hand and
this is by far the closest thing to it
just yet soon this will be my full time
like real phone and that's what I can do
like a super deep dive review especially
on the video camera cuz that's my number
one priority and this is another kind of
terrible like super rush kind of like
not that good tech review from Casey
nice dad
not sure if you can see that can you see
out right there that little hole you
know what that little hole is that's a
headphone jack
