what are you eating you can eat this
next thing is to sweet man John made it
III can't eat all of it
welcome Batman
I'm recording you right now kissing
thank you today's Monday is not an
ordinary Monday though this is a really
really big work week lot going on just
finish the whole green healthy green
juice and what do you know my dear
friend Oscar stopped by what's up Oscar
hey happy birthday Casey what did you
what is my what did you get me for my
birthday Oscar the last apple fritter
that was for sale thanks Austin I have
to do thanks dozen or something together
but they just had one thank you
with this season of the vlog I'm gonna
make a more concerted effort to be more
responsible I know I've talked about
helmets in the past and I haven't really
followed through that but I'm saying
this here now because I'm hoping you'll
help hold me accountable at night I also
wear a high vis jackets because I think
the most dangerous part of being on the
boost board at night is that cars can't
see you and this last one I'm trying to
be much more responsible with how and
where I fly drones some of the more
ambitious New York City drone
cinematography of vlogs paths will
probably remain in the past and I'm
going to try to be more because lots of
kids are getting these things I don't
want to set a bad example I hope you
understand
so while I'm trying to be more
responsible not flying drones where
they're not allowed until this space is
built out the new office will be the
drone testing grounds I'm working so far
yeah
totally fine we are gonna be putting
desks and people all kinds of stuff down
here and at that point in time it will
cease to be the endured
drone playground but until that day come
we're losing the flow that was drone
drone testing in the new production
facility got to make a quick trip to
Midtown coming down out of here
my boosted board just stopped working
it was either the pouring rain or maybe
the battery's dead but no it stopped
working
oh now it works
now it works now we're totally fine
we'll just tell me if anything I'm
saying is not accurate Paul alright so
what is going on here is Wednesday
Samsung has a big event so far so good
right I say what the events about it's
an unpacked event where they announce
there so far so good
can I not say that okay then announce a
new product that happens in the morning
at night they're doing this huge event
that's just for creators like mostly
youtubers some artists some musicians
I'm like I'm a big part of it I'm kind
of like I am one of the speakers there
Francesca is one of the speakers there
it's at Lincoln Center in New York City
Wednesday night that's kind of it so
this was rehearsal for that do I invite
people won't get word on that
how many tickets you get to invite
people how many really how do I possibly
give away a thousand I I have to think
of a way to do it so it makes sense but
I'll have a whole bunch of tickets it's
free like free tickets to give away if
you want to come oh you're gonna tweet
it out so you can just say okay so uh so
I'm gonna put I'll link it below but I'm
gonna tweet the how to get tickets or
whatever so if you live in New York City
or in the area you should come it's
gonna be dope all right this is not
worth it this is a just a rehearsal
warehouse well that's Dylan but this is
just a commercial warehouse space that
we were like practicing and they've got
great snacks celery are you excited for
Wednesday it's gonna be so fine it's
gonna be a baller I'm gonna be there my
nails are gonna be there let me see look
at this oh it's magic did you see up to
48 hours I'll see you guys later
Santi see you later Kelsi Dylan I'll see
you later bye guys bye guys bye
solid squad right there all right back
to the studio
here in this box lies might in this box
why is my new video camera tomorrow a
little restraint tomorrow I will unbox
my new video camera what a day it's not
over I mean I still gotta get home and
relieve the babysitter and all that but
one thing after another after another
after another the entire day completely
managed it was it was just another Manic
Monday
