yeah the vlogs back
the club they get away from me and all
the pretty chicks all wanna smile let me
these wrapped as many all got this
say yeah the blogs back I'm I'm very
very excited about it
I missed it a lot but I want to explain
why the thinking behind starting this
thing up again
hi guys welcome
it's raining out now exactly two years
ago to the day 365 times to 730 days ago
exactly today is March 25th 2015 was
when I shot the very first episode of
the vlog ever I know that it was my 34th
birthday and it's also my 34th birthday
today is my 36th birthday today so four
days ago Monday of this week I posted a
vlog episode and I need you to get on
Tuesday and then Wednesday and Thursday
I didn't even call them vlogs I just
posted them
I didn't address it in those episodes
what I was doing because it was an
experiment and I have to tell you it
felt great and then when I think back to
why I stopped like the frustration that
I felt and you know what I explained
right when I ended the vlog was it it
had gotten like easy and what I meant by
that is the creative challenge which is
what I love the most I kind of faded and
I spent a couple months thinking about
sort of what that meant to me
and I landed at a couple of places one
it was like before I didn't see an end
to the vlog it was just like this thing
that I was doing and that I don't know
it it sort of felt like treading water
versus swimming like to a destination
and I realized that the impetus the
reason why I originally started the vlog
two years ago was so I could share with
an audience
my company beam like what it meant to
start up a company to maybe build an
audience that might be excited about
what I was doing and then you guys would
actually use the product we were making
and that worked and it was awesome and
you know like the first year pretty much
of the vlog so much of it was about my
career beyond YouTube and that was a big
driving force and as beams started to
like drift away as the company started
to struggle it became less and less of
this show and instead this just became
like this here's my day here's what I'm
doing trying to
and it became very routine but I've
spent the last I've spent the last four
months figuring out what this new
company what this new project what this
whole new thing is that I'm building
with CNN and I wanted to announce it on
the YouTube channel but it never felt
right so it's not like we're doing this
we're not like doing a show we're not
just building an app the company still
called bean but the company that we're
building is much more like a lab like a
laboratory where we we try different
apps we build different software we make
different shows we're gonna start a
YouTube channel we're gonna it's a whole
bunch of stuff and the more I thought
about like how am I going to share with
my audience what exactly I'm doing and
then it was like I was like holy
this is the exact same this is the exact
same thought process that predicated me
starting the vlog in the first place so
here I am exactly two years later
starting another company and all of a
sudden I feel like I have a purpose to
do this again and that's like wow that's
crazy exciting for me that makes me feel
so good you know one criticism of the
vlog that I never understood was people
were like Casey I feel like you're just
doing the vlog so you can tell us about
your company and I didn't understand
that as a criticism because that is the
main reason why I started the vlog and
that is the reason that I'm most proud
that is the aspect of the vlog that I'm
most proud to share with you I love
making videos I love sharing my life but
I also have a really big career and
something I'm super passionate about
beyond YouTube and having a vlog as a
way to share those other interests of
mine it's a huge it's a huge source of
motivation for me
and then the
what is that bass it's like 4:00 in the
afternoon Miami I'm gonna base be that
China Miami for my birthday was
Candace's idea booze if there's a great
idea
this is for you honey thank you happy
birthday okay you want to eat this
okay go ahead eat the whole thing's
ready hey Dad yeah I think we're just
here till tomorrow but it just started
pouring rain out dad
but we have a babysitter at seven
o'clock she gets here at 7:30 Candice
and I are gonna put the baby to bed and
then go out on our date on a birthday
date so far this has been a fantastic
birthday coming to Miami was a wonderful
after some deliberation we're gonna go
back to our hotel and have dinner there
excuse me
oh okay
