I got introduced I got any see
Tomorrowland okay there's the man right
there Marlon I know I said it was cold
yesterday but my god
today's the third day of spring nature
did you not get the memo it's just like
it's just one of those morning's I gotta
go up to 15th Street right now for a
quick meeting and then I have to get
back down to bean headquarters for a
design meeting that's all before 11 a.m.
just like one of those mornings
I know we haven't really spoken in a
good long while but I've been making a
concerted effort to take less meetings
and do less phone calls and instead
focus on what I do best which is making
things today's kind of an exception to
that today's all meat
Hey
ladies and gentlemen Chantel Martin good
morning this is who my meeting is with
yeah right over there somewhere right
right over there for the night boys
night in the nice all year you say it's
a perfect they're both late this is like
the fans his talking of over dinner but
it's not too fancy just to plug my
skateboard in to charge it not a joke
they asked if I wanted coffee
I said could you get me a juice and it
was kind of a joke like when I said that
I was joking this is 26 juices
did you stop talking as I hit record
yeah I adjust your voice just faded the
meeting went well did it go well it was
perfect did it go well pretty well
sorry I'm late guys this looks awesome
that was a design meeting downstairs it
went pretty well
yeah it went well I'm on my run this
morning this morning someone waved at me
and she grabbed me and I realized it was
it was my friend's wife she just she
told me that they're moving soon her her
husband and their two kids and they're
moving to an off-the-grid coconut farm
in India I'll City and it's an it's an
off-the-grid coconut farm in India this
this is a family that lives in New York
City the concrete jungle they've been
here for forever and they're just
they're taking their whole life put it
on the other side of the planet on a
coconut farm this was like it was like a
moment this morning and I want to share
with you okay
elbows up let's rock let's go to Andrew
oh she's gonna take a cold day to come
to the office huh it's been worse could
I help you with any of your stuff like I
got it
you've never been here marques welcome
happening it's happening
right let me just do an intro not that
everybody doesn't know who you are
marques Brownlee he he's maybe like
you're definitely one of my favorite
youtubers on the entire platform we're
gonna make a video today well we may
give you if your channel we're making a
video of your studio I would call it but
for my channel
dude haha God look at that beast I have
noticed that your fuse matches the color
and name of your camera and the name and
the backpack even the audio cables or
anything I'm just throwing it out there
like pretty solid combo you do those
fancy movements by hand on the flat
stuff steady hand but it's a heavy
enough weight that if I found that I
gotta up the production of this episode
if I'm gonna compete with Marquez here
this is what a slider looks like see how
the camera is sliding down slider does
this look pro does this look awesome
marques what what is your favorite thing
that you've seen in the studio so far
everything you think in here it is this
representation of resolution on YouTube
and the mashed potatoes 240p yeah that
was so I can hold it up and every frame
me
yeah no nanine it was perfect so be sure
to click here and then click here
marques Marla and that's Andrew back
there
so what mischief you guys doing in case
you man these guys are serious video
maker making a sort of a tour of the
space
fun fact my dad's name is Marlon that's
just the fun fact of the day
Marlon was asking me yesterday what
camera he should get yeah he was
thinking SLR or not this rx100 is in a
good spot the rx100 is the sony right
yeah no yes
yeah rx100 kissy alright I mean that's
this that's this Marlon yeah that's it
it's a good camera I really see this
yeah well you have to pivot and the
slide all the accesses Andrew marques
thank you good to see you guys okay with
your video excited don't forget to
subscribe and check out Marquez's
channel definitely with my favorites on
YouTube I say that without having seen
this video yet it's gonna be good yeah
you have my full confidence marques all
right safe travels guys
or any at dinner canister trying to
spend more time together as like a
married couple so right now we're
getting drinks after work which
apparently is what people do but she's
on the phone to Casey and sees how much
help you want I do think that we just
kind of want to veg out I'd love to see
you if you're in town but it's mostly
just like vegging out okay all right
cool hi
good he's gonna see if he gas a room
there she's making plans for my birthday
alright you wanna know man I would
developer but you know I got to do this
something
and all
go back through the day
when love me
