it's crazy out here
15 degrees colder than it was yesterday
hey I've got a question somebody sent
this to Candace and me like a few months
ago or many months ago this cute picture
of Francine it's like in this lightbox
situation it feels like that is pretty
red cable we don't know who sent it to
us but we love it if you send it to us
thank you
thank you where you going to synchronous
super eclectic this is a that's that's a
fear that
this is like a CNN event what is this
this is like a sales event it is a sales
event the National Turner's about six
hundred folks here so don't know about
Casey yet this is so it's I'm a surprise
do you have any advice for me when it
comes this of mine your relationship
with CNN I don't know not super he'll
say okay no so this is a this is the CNN
thing it's a big huge sales meeting
conference they asked me to come and
talk site to do it I haven't met any of
these people yet so this is a good way
for me to get to know them they feed out
there oh when it's done press this red
button and then you can turn it off with
this way but just film me walking out
later Anderson wait they just called me
a lot of a lot of interest in what
cameras I'm using in these current
episodes everything's in 4k now I think
everything looks better it's crispy or
it's cleaner the colors are better so
let me get into it real quick alright so
every episode I literally think every
single episode of the vlog was shot on
this bad boy they can in ATD before it I
use the Canon 70d the last couple of
days that have been shot on this little
guy this is the Sony a 65 hundred and
then these studio formal shots are on a
7s or a seven are two main reason why I
switched from Canon to Sony
is 4k I was super reluctant to actually
use this little guy I thought if I'm
gonna use Sony code the big guys a lot
of vloggers like Louie and Ben Brown and
people like that and Jesse Jesse uses
this huge thing to vlog with which the
image on this is almost
indistinguishable from the image on this
when shooting in like good to average
shooting conditions low-light this
thing's still better altogether I do
prefer the Sony's over the canons with
two major exceptions one is I do like
like the native color profile of Canon
better I can color grade this and I
still think this looks great but there's
something about this that I like better
and then too is the front-facing screen
it's like it's much harder to actually
vlog with this thing with it not having
a front-facing screen I mean you're just
basically shooting blind the entire time
which brings me to why I'm talking about
this today the single biggest problem
with not having a front-facing screen is
when you think you think you're shooting
with a super wide angle but it's
actually zoomed all the way in and
you're just getting a close-up shot of
your nose I don't need a zoom lens to
see this nose now with Canon that's not
a big deal I would have and then I could
see that it was although you just see I
could correct the fact that it was oom
doll the way in I've been struggling to
come up with the solution I'm not gonna
put an external screen on this like I
need to be able throw this thing around
I think I figured out how to do it and
this white pen contains the solution
okay I know what you're thinking
now at a glance you know if these white
stripes are lined up here then it's as
wide as it'll go if you look at the
camera and it's like that you're like oh
 zoomed in BAM like that and it's as
wide as it'll go and you never need to
check I hope that makes sense
I know it's wide right now because these
white stripes are lined up
I know it's tight right now because the
white stripes are not lined up it's all
about the white stripes
fine by the way I'm fine let me
introduce this this is Kyle what's up
this is Jack hey Kyle is the inventor
and founder of one wheel Jack's just a
guy who's really good at riding one
wheels but you sent me the first one so
I sort of owe you that was what like two
years ago this is not mail time this is
something else because I'm pretty sure I
know what this is it is what I think it
is holy good God
you yeah so we need more speed so well I
just want to know if it's possible on my
one little tart tire okay lead me
helmets I just like to give a shout out
to my sponsors
these guys are going but the reason why
they're here is because I ordered a new
one wheel Plus this is the latest and
greatest there in towns they personally
delivered it for me I was gonna be like
a whole unboxing and testing video today
but kind of feel like my hips
is there anything is there anything that
should tell the audience about the one
wheel plus you can order one wheel plus
at what wheel com
yeah it's like a little too pitchy I
don't know that I'm going to put it is
music
the rest is peace it is dude
more than labor it is loved more than
enjoyment
really clouds have met those guys I mean
Kyle the CEO has backgrounds as an
engineer but just entrepreneurs that a
crazy idea to build up build something
and then they just did it I love that
it's a blinking in the back
not going well they're sticking
everything it said rolling it said
rolling the sheets but I don't we ready
to have a roller Google what cut means
oh yes you need it yeah I didn't know
what that this is not and this is my
flower
mommy's needing a dump
well that you can't like eat them when
they're scalding hot we have to wait
don't touch the oven Frannie we have to
wait from the cool down a little bit
they're not so they're done they're not
holding they're definitely done
you
