is it cool if I tell people the story
about how you were shot in the head he
you know he was still doing checks on
himself he was doing the medical stuff
that he does like he took his helmet off
and he was feeling around to make sure
that he didn't have you know brain
matter or anything else coming out
exciting country nearly lost his life to
a bullet that pierced the bottom of his
rescue helicopter fragmented flew
through his helm and it pierced the skin
just an inch from his left eye but more
amazingly he climbed back in a
helicopter the next day once again
putting his life on the line to rescue
injured soldiers from the battlefield
Jimmy told me there is nothing more
important than being there for his
comrades
my name is jimmy savile and i'm a pair
of rescue men from anchorage alaska part
of the 212th rescue squadron it's good
to hear your voice thanks I have my
sunglasses on so Jimmy I'm like I'm
recording you right now I have a camera
on this screen I want to like make a
video that sort of tells the story of
how you and I know one another well okay
so I guess my first question is is it
cool if I tell people the story about
how you were shot in the head yeah it's
one of those things like that I've been
through and I've experienced that if I
hadn't been there and done that I
wouldn't believe it well what happened
was we were going in to go find some
guys who needed some help and some bad
guys shot ak-47s at her helicopter and
got lucky with one of the rounds went
through the floor split in a couple of
pieces and one of those pieces went over
my sunglasses and under my helmet
through my my scalp there this isn't
totally lucky shot so it's like part of
the bullet tip yeah a little fell I
wouldn't worry about that little fella
you clean up nice
we were in Afghanistan we sort of snuck
in as journalists but really what we
were doing there was like tattooing we
were embedded with you guys embedded
with the pararescue team and we were
actually just tattooing them we set up
the only tattoo parlor ever in the war
zone in Afghanistan your your tattoo I
think was my favorite of the entire
Scott did a fantastic job and it is aged
let me feel let me see if I can get it
closer it looks good man yeah it's
really aged super nice I feel pretty
lucky about that oh good nice to go up
that's all good this is the Vietnam cat
but that would be awesome
that's amazing
right there sir
thank you very much yeah check it on the
mirror to me not that you haven't
staring ahead yeah this is pretty
awesome this is so kind of symbolizes
our career field in the way that we're
all a little bit mad
number with lies have used up here got
seven two to go what are the seven lives
you've used the last one here was
getting shot in the head last week and
that's a pretty good story right there
going to go help somebody and get shot
at and then one before that getting left
out at sea in the middle of January for
the night mmm that's a pretty good one
Jimmy something funny you remember do
you remember the gay porn playing cards
that you guys love the PJs had these gay
porn playing cards that they would like
uses practical joke cards and hide in
people's ear and people's gear and then
you'd like dig through your gear and
there'd be gay porn and it was like just
about the funniest joke on the base but
right after you were shot NBC or ABC
News was there interviewing you you're
on TV with Lester Holt and he was
interviewing you about the most serious
thing ever being shot and he went to
show him your helmet and inside your
helmet was a gay porn playing card Jimmy
Jimmy I happen to have that Lester Holt
footage to Brian good evening to you you
want to get a sense of how intense the
fighting has been in eastern Afghanistan
ask the men and women at a 33rd rescue
squadron they are a combat soldiers 911
is right there it's the ak-47 hole the
hole is in the bottom of a Pave Hawk
helicopter the inscription sergeant
Jimmy settle wrote next to it says it
all
almost got me and that's the date I knew
a live birthday
the bullet was struck the bottom the
aircraft fragmented and then part of the
piece went up here above my head but
another part went right over my
sunglasses and then right underneath my
helmet here I did a little animation to
sort of explain to people what a PJ is
there an Air Force pararescueman or more
commonly known as Cajuns
they spend most of their time jumping
out of helicopters
rescuing injured servicemen personnel or
anyone that needs rest
and what makes them extraordinary is
they go into the fight and pull the
wounded out there are special forces
there medics they're airborne they're
divers they save people
you guys heading out no and I was gonna
come here and do a little drill
you know another thing too is I I have
footage from you receiving your Purple
Heart in Alaska I came up there too for
that ceremony to see you get that and I
had my camera rolling I recorded the
whole thing
on 13 November 2010 senior airman subtle
was operating as part of a change 60
crew has to recover six wounded soldiers
while identifying the enemy positions he
was struck in the poor head by a 7.62
millimeter round fragment the force of
the impact knocked him onto his back and
across the aircraft
the reason why I'm making this video
about my friend Jimmy now is because
Jimmy just finished writing his book
I've got the advanced uncorrect and
proof I mean I learned a lot about you
like before you went and became sort of
what is a real-life superhero and I just
want to like scream from the
mountaintops about how awesome you are
how crazy it is that you and I happen to
know each other
I also want to compel my audience I'm
gonna link the Amazon link below go
pre-order Jimmy's book let's get this
thing to be a best-seller right Jimmy
Jimmy there's only like a couple of
people in the world who I feel truly
honored to for whatever reason happened
to have crossed paths with and and you
and I kind of had no business like no
business meeting each other and you are
one of like you're one person that I can
honestly say with conviction I will go
my net my entire life without ever
forget it's really cool that we cross
because it's nice to meet you Jimmy it's
so good to see you my friend dude a huge
huge congratulations on the book man
it's a really it's a huge deal and I
hope everybody buys a copy thank you so
good to see you I'll see you guys soon
bye-bye see you later guys
I love that guy um I mean it like you
know Jimmy's a guy he's retired from the
military now he's he's trying to do a
lot of things this took him two years to
write two years to make this book it's a
huge deal for him the links below and
like like seeing his face and
chit-chatting with him I haven't talked
to my like makes me want to cry thinking
about he's a wonderful human being and
he's somebody who really he's he's done
things that very very few human beings
will ever have done or will ever have to
do in any event the books below do me a
solid you'll buy it if you can afford it
it's like 20 bucks but um I know I mean
a lot to him
