YouTube drama there is a hole you notice
there's a whole set a whole category of
YouTube creators and they just sort of
talk about the drama that takes place
among the top YouTube creators out there
it's a little bit like TMZ for YouTube
YouTube drama is something I try my very
best to avoid but something came up
today that I think is is bigger than
YouTube drama it feels like actual news
the New York Times com New York Times
that is the newspaper of record top
story Michael Flynn resigned as national
security adviser huge earth-shattering
news just down to the right of that
though is the most popular star on
YouTube now Disney has cut off ties with
PewDiePie and YouTube has distanced
itself after he posted anti-semitic
imagery online Google News similar
situation top stories about Michael
Flynn second story about PewDiePie how
this came together is that the Wall
Street Journal actually did a story on
PewDiePie and they found nine instances
since August wherein PewDiePie made
anti-semitic jokes The Wall Street
Journal even went so far as to edit
their own video of PewDiePie which is
you with me so far
PewDiePie made a bunch of bad
anti-semitic jokes about Nazis wall
street journal' call them out on it but
then because of that story on the Wall
Street Journal because of that video by
The Wall Street Journal Disney which
owns maker the MCM that PewDiePie works
forum works with Disney severed ties
with him moreover because PewDiePie is
the biggest by far the biggest content
creator on YouTube with was over 53
million subscribers and almost 15
billion views it shines a spotlight on
the entire platform and whether he wants
it or not and whether YouTube wants to
know
PewDiePie does represent this platform
alright so what is what is my opinion on
this what is my take on this well I'd
like to preface all of it by saying yeah
I met PewDiePie I spent some time with
the guy he and I chat via text every
once in a while and in my very best
judgment I don't think the guy has a
hateful bone in his body I don't think
he's interested in preaching hate I
don't think he's an anti-semite and I
don't think his intent was to spread
hate what is it in spider-man with great
power comes great responsibility with
great power comes great responsibility
when you have 53 million subscribers it
does come with a responsibility and that
responsibility is to understand your
audience and understand how your words
are going to be interpreted so while you
may be saying something as a joke your
audience may not always interpret it
like that and I think with an audience
that size it could provoke something
that could definitely skew the moral
compass of a younger audience in a
direction that really benefits no one
literally as I'm trying to finish this
video right now news just broke here
I'll read it to you YouTube cancels
PewDiePie show pulls channel from add
program after hit that's a that's a
bigger deal in conclusion PewDiePie I
think you'll be ok people have a
tendency to forgive and forget and well
ultimately I'm not a fan of this kind of
humour there's nothing I appreciate or
cherish more than free speech in any
capacity but I think what this does
underscores that for for
youtubers just like everyone else in the
world you can say whatever you want but
at times there will be consequences for
it
