again I'm awake hey uh quick question
and I know you're recovering but um did
you get a chance to shoot the in sort of
tech Tuesday I I would but I can't
because of my uh okay all right maybe
next week you'll get the intro
okay welcome to tech rushed to tech
review Tuesday it's the second time
doing this the first time totally
screwed up
it says recording played something back
well let me just do it again and that's
it yeah
today is a special episode of tech
review Tuesday today's episode I'm going
to be comparing the video recording
capabilities of the iPhone X versus the
Samsung the yet unreleased Samsung
Galaxy Note 9 using my custom camera
comparison rig this entire video is
being shot in glorious 4k including this
shot right here I'll be shooting both of
these cameras in 4k as well so if you
want to switch at the bottom here over
to 4k go ahead and do that right now
okay the first scenario we're gonna be
testing these phones cameras in is right
here in my studio ready alright so this
shot right now was shot on the Samsung
Note 9 and this shot here was shot on
the Apple iPhone X so we may tap on the
screen to set focus or something like
that but beyond that both of these
cameras are shooting at 4k 30 frames per
second and in full auto we're not using
the manual features on either of these
phones
okay so for the first kind of outdoor
test I'm gonna do some moving shots on
the skateboard so you can see what the
optical image stabilization looks like
on these cameras and I don't know just
see what the outside looks like sound
good
great now I'm good I'm good
whoo
what are we a mone sod right now this is
the selfie in a room and those
boom looks like which one looks better
and under presents
really yeah which one looks better
all right let's go let's go that's the
honest this selfie test on both camera
we're about to get dunked on well
they're both waterproof both these are
waterproof
right are they ocean proof okay this is
the can you see the cameras okay this is
the thunderstorm is coming in Jesse and
Sam want to hide under the bridge while
it passes time-lapse comparison between
the iPhone in the note 9 UCLA thing okay
can demonstrate with my hands in the
pockets staring at the sky in the sky so
the walk is we can't stop it
discuss on my ass everything's the same
to see Gavin's into tennis the south
all right the Chinatown arcade now we're
gonna use this to test some like
low-light indoor put it look at the rain
now
we demonstrate with my hands in my
pockets staring at the sky in the skies
for the world kids okay we probably have
like a five minute window here I hope
you enjoyed that test I hope it was
helpful
I'm not gonna give my thoughts on it I
just wanted to give that side-by-side
comparison so you can look and see what
these two camera cellphone cameras are
capable of Sam as always thank you for
help your well Sam's channel link below
did you did you review the note 9 yet
not yet I will for more comprehensive
review of the note 9 please check out
Sam's channel coming soon
alright that is the note vs. the iPhone
alright we'll see you next week on tech
Tuesday we'll see you tomorrow here on 3
6 8
