favorite thing about a president
president-elect on phone favorite thing
he's gonna make America great again what
are you most concerned about
you don't have to wonder what he's
thinking he's gonna tell you sometimes
he probably needs to keep his mouth shut
you know what I'm saying um I think he's
honest and he speaks his mind he says
things he shouldn't say he speaks his
mind a little too much what's your
what's your least favorite thing about
president probably how successfully is
it makes them a little bit arrogant
doesn't come off well the liberal media
but you guys are fake news so that's it
there's the capital inauguration is
happening today January 20th to 2017 the
Donald Trump will be sworn in as the
president of the USA so in trying to
figure out what to do today I asked you
my YouTube audience for ideas and not
one person suggested that I go and sit
in the field and listen to the
president-elect be sworn in as president
even though I've got the credentials in
the past and the tickets and all that
I'm not going to go to the inauguration
well everybody has headed here towards
the Capitol I'm gonna head away from the
Capitol and do what everybody suggested
I do which is talk to people
and what would you like to see happen in
this country in the next four years
better jobs for everybody you know
higher wages you know so people can you
know live better lives take care of
their families how can you not at the
inauguration I don't want to be Danny it
just was just seemed like a lot or a lot
of troublesome left oh well thank you
very much for your time my name is Casey
my life and nice to meet you
I think you know there was a possibility
anything's possible there's a
possibility that you can become to be a
very good president I mean you know I
just have to view things with an open
mind the speech that he made this
morning was very good actually what do
you what do you like most about our
president from
this is not a lot I'm sorry this is not
a lot that I've heard or seen from him
one thing that I do appreciate about him
is his honesty his total honesty you
know might I said when I came down here
that I wanted to sort of get out of my
bubble and I think getting away from the
core of the inauguration I was able to
kind of experience varied perspectives
and I think that is that is the key to
empathy is understanding other people's
perspectives so one o'clock don't see
what else is going on in the city how's
your inauguration day
I'm on the protests I found a fan what's
your name
how is everybody like treating with that
hat on in this environment I did get it
hit off one time but that's been it I've
gotten a little some dirty looks as well
as some guy tried taking it off me
another time about we're fine
people treat me nice nice to meet you
too
hit with pepper spray and this Manitoba
milkshake all in all I think today was
an extremely successful day I thoroughly
enjoyed meeting all of those people this
morning and I'm glad I was able to see
some of the protesters / which by the
way I made it seem really big in this
video but that was all containing like a
one block area so I don't think that was
a fairly depiction of what's happening
across Washington DC really glad I came
down here when I was here to experience
this
