she assigns here this lens cost $1500
and I broke this lens the zoom on it
wouldn't fix so I send it back to Canon
for repair and Canon says to me this is
out of the lifetime out of this part of
the picture of what that's it
sorry that we are unable to blah blah
blah the service life on this model has
expired
Canon so my only choice is to buy a new
one but how do you build a loyal
customer base if you don't what about
how do I if you won't fix this huh
today's video is just a quick video I
genuinely need your advice with
something and I'm not saying that
rhetorically I absolutely do want your
input on something kind of important
this Friday January 20th 2017 Donald
Trump will be sworn in as the 45th
President of the United States of
America because I work for CNN now I was
invited to go to the inauguration by CNN
they offered to send me there but I
don't know what to do they're like I
don't have an assignment there's nothing
I'm supposed to be doing there I'm not
doing anything for TV I'm not like
reporting it it's completely up to me
what to do there and obviously I wanna
make some that goes on this YouTube
channel but I don't know what that
something should be
looking for my invitations of a 2008
presidential inauguration I can't find
it it's on the wall somewhere whatever I
I went to the presidential inauguration
in 2008 almost inauguration time
socio-politically everything was
different eight years ago I really don't
know what to expect on Friday but I'm
definitely approaching with an open mind
I live in New York City and the people
here in New York City people I know the
people I'm friends with on Facebook we
represent the bubble that I live in
represents sort of one or a narrow set
of perspectives you people of the world
and this country you know you represent
different perspectives so that's why I
ask and I mean it what would you like to
see I should say I don't know what kind
of access I'm gonna have I think I have
like media I I don't know like I can't
imagine to be that great but it will be
something and I will be there and you
know obviously I could just go vlog it
and I could sort of show what it like my
experience at the inauguration was like
but I think there's an opportunity to
something bigger here what of it do you
think you're not gonna see on the news
or you're not going to read about
newspapers you're not gonna see I'm a
lot like what what can I you nee CLE
bring to you so that's kind of it I know
it's not like I'm much of a YouTube
video for today but so you can comment
below you could email me don't don't
email me you could tweet at me tweeting
tweeting or just whatever just send me
some ideas all right that's it also
today is my dad's birthday dad how how
old are you so you're 64 yeah that's so
old dad I know you know you don't look a
day over 70 just give him a hard time he
looks he looks good for his age she
really does okay see you soon
