nice work that's both right there you
got this honey how did you do that this
has to be some sort of gender record
mind over matter all right babe
that's how my long naps it's been real
Oh summer is nearing its
unwelcomed end and for those of you who
know me at all you know that I get
severely depressed and turned into a
total freakout monster at the end of the
summer on top of that Candis is getting
more pregnant every minute of every day
and her ability to move is dwindling so
we decided this past weekend that we
would go out to the beach shoe today is
Friday and we are taking a little family
trip to the beach for one day we come
back tomorrow Francine are you excited
what are you most excited about Candice
is getting snacks right now
what's taking Bobby so long she doesn't
know we'll have to see we are about two
hours into the drive I'm no longer
allowed to drive because I'm a terrible
driver so I'm in the back of the kid how
much further
franciene what's that thing called no a
windmill look there's the ocean we're at
the beach hey we made it
is the hotel we're staying at we leave
tomorrow is kind of a lot of driving for
one night that's okay
Francine and Candice hurry up there I
carry this stuff I'm not on the dad
yeah that's four days almost over but
I'm gonna go for a little swim in the
pool before the Sun sets I know this is
shaping up to be a great vlog it but
well we woke up the next morning
Beach tripping our raindrip the rain
never stopped
ended up just being mommy daddy and
Frannie hanging around in a hotel room
for 24 hours it was lovely
but I thought I would use this
opportunity of having a failed episode
to share with you a kind of a story okay
this is it
if 4.8 more and I got it wait 4.7 more
and I got it so believe it or not I love
to run and I don't know I've been what's
why I get these sort of freak outs I'm
getting so old I'm 37 I start to feel
like an old man I don't know it probably
is irrational but I wanted to challenge
myself to see what I was like see what I
was capable of to see where I far I
could push my body because it's just
gross out and my shoes are wet but for
miles nobody I'll sleep through this and
I think unless you test yourself you
don't really know what you're capable of
so you know I run a lot I run like 40 50
60 miles a week which is a lot of miles
in a week and I wanted to give myself a
real challenge so a marathon is 26.2
miles
so three marathons would be 70 what is
26.2 times three so three marathons is
seventy eight point six miles so I
thought why not try to do in seven days
from Sunday until Saturday in seven days
try to run the equivalent of four
marathons that is 104 point eight miles
in order to do this it means running
about 15 miles a day which is a lot this
is kind of tough it's late we're on
vacation this weekend
it's like 10:00 at night the kid just
went to sleep now 2:13 this morning but
if I want to get across that threshold I
gotta get in at least five more right
now which means that when we have to do
14 more tomorrow
no 19 more tomorrow got to do it it was
I think the hardest part of giving
yourself such a stupid challenge was
finding the time see I saw the kid and
the pregnant wife at home I still have a
job I still I still uploaded five videos
last I had to figure out how to run a
hundred and five miles in addition to
living my normal life and it was a lot
to do these late-night miles are so
tough everybody's like out partying
exhausted it's 10:45 now I'm glad I'm
clocking miles I'm like stacking chips
right now those miles are just piling on
you know I'm 37 years old and like this
leg here this is all made from titanium
because of a motorbike accident like 10
years ago and I'm not supposed to be
running and I don't stretch and look oh
I can't even touch my toes I've broken
half the bones in my body I've got a lot
of problems but for whatever reason I
have like a broken chromosome where I
can just run I never got tired my legs
never got tired my lungs never got tired
my stomach never got tired the only
thing that would happen every single day
is that run out of time
Candice would be caller I have to get to
work or a meeting or something like that
that was hugely positive you like
driving old car cause it's 37 years old
and then you like hit the gas and it
just goes for us you're like my car
still works my car's still worse
no rain pouring right right now rain is
not an excuse you know run right through
it okay 104 point eight miles got it my
wife made fun of me she called me a
sociopath maybe a psychopath I don't
remember very well Franny all right kids
this is it four more miles and I will
have done it it's almost like carrying a
child to be their birth so proud of you
I'm really glad I did it and I think
that in weather something silly like how
far can you run or anything else in life
it was a reminder for me of the
importance of challenging yourself you
know challenging yourself doesn't always
have to be climbing a mountain or
running around the world they're doing
something wild and ambitious but for me
it was just about putting out my
sneakers and getting out there and
seeing what I was capable of physically
and for that I think my biggest takeaway
was just a greater appreciation of the
fact that I am extremely lucky to be 37
and have a body that's capable that lets
me do what I want to do where I can
still do these kinds of things it makes
me want to eat better and don't eat
better and sleep more I still don't
sleep that much and just be more
responsible with my body because it's
something that I hope to never lose
all right that's like five and a half
miles I think that puts me at a hundred
and five point one or something for the
week which means victory is mine I did
it four marathons seven days 105 plus
miles all right that's it I did it 105
miles I want to end this by saying I
want to say this publicly I want to say
this on the record I want you to hold me
accountable for this
my next self-imposed completely
unnecessary challenge is going to be to
run seven marathons in seven days that's
like 160 miles in seven days but a
marathon a day for a week I want to do
that sometime next couple years hold me
to it we're going home tonight but we
came all the way to the beach to go to
the beach
rain or shine we're going to be ready
ah all right I'll see you tomorrow after
my ride
you
