did you um did you vote yet today sure
Daniel
when I ran this morning it was not this
nice out but it is now an incredible day
it's also a very busy day it's also
Election Day
well I do have some exciting news to
share you know I have like that light
right here that it's helpful and it
comes from the side which looks nice but
because it's wintertime now it's like
permanently dark outside I don't get
that really yummy bright natural light
what I need are like lights that are
mounted in the window this company did
send me some lights along well this
laser light saber send me some lights a
while ago maybe I can mount this in the
window
for permanent daylight I want to be the
most well lit version of me for you this
is what is this a hot battery this is
here what I am your father okay this is
gonna change everything look at light on
me right on you it on me light on you
how do you mount this thing you just
knocked it right there some hooks maybe
like an L bracket
I think I've got it I needed to put that
bend in there about pressure not so much
speed too much speed you'll end up just
destroying this that's much better
do I look more evenly lit as if it's
daytime outside cuz it's not today is
election day I got to go vote which is
like a process in New York City I've
been procrastinating not because I'm not
enthusiastic about voting that is my
civil obligation it's just about like
going waiting in line also I've got a
very exciting agenda for the rest of the
week battery powered vehicle battery
power vehicle those might be three of my
favorite word's
Electric RipStik
looks like a charger Sapir stay
controller
it's not so bad do you want to apply the
battery-powered RipStik
so the reason why I went to visit Oscar
today is that Oscar and I are taking
Oscar and I arguing to trip tomorrow to
the Napa Valley Film Festival literally
just came back to New York to vote I was
just in California yesterday really yeah
I didn't sorry gotta figure out it
yeah absentee thing we are going to the
Napa Valley Film Festival tomorrow which
is usually exciting
I both like three blocks from my office
here I hope there's not a long line this
is like the Chinatown this is like the
Chinatown
I will say nobody is in there what do I
vote here what's up guys good I got to
go home
I almost definitely cannot film in here
there's no sign other people already our
permission to take video of myself this
is it this is me doing my civic duty
this is me voting done that's it thank
you done voting well that's it I voted
you know voting is something I take
tremendous pride in also like the last
year-and-a-half of campaigning has just
been a horrible I'm very excited for it
to be over and it would all be for
nothing if I didn't vote by the time
you're seeing this you will know the
outcome of the election for better or
worse whichever way you lean right or
left I'm just glad it's over
mark
ladies and gentlemen world famous
skateboarder mark Gonzalez right there
mark what's up did you vote yeah okay
literally one of the greatest
skateboarders that has ever lived on a
boosted board I don't know yeah
don't forget the brakes right eat good
food so I can have energy I don't
usually depend on this kind of oh dude
good to see you too
wait I have your bag
you know who that guy is god that's
begun he's the man Ross those kids love
the guns Marlin Jibo yeah six straight
of this morning at 6:30 this morning
yes good man good man
is just a quick epilogue to the episode
I'm at an airplane right now watching
watching hillary clinton's concession
speech truck one i just wanted to
address that
everybody on Twitter is like what do you
think what are you gonna do first of all
I know a lot of my viewers are Trump
supporters so congratulations I entirely
respect the outcome of the elections
Trump won fair and square and and I
think the key thing to remember whether
you agree with him or disagree with him
is that the beauty and the most
incredible part again to live in this to
well live in that country live in this
country is that no one person whether
it's a politician
anybody else can really control how you
live your life so if you disagree with
our new president-elect then then it's
up to you to stand up for your values
and what you believe
all right that's it I'm getting there
I feel like I just didn't get down on it
I'm sorry this is the greatest office
building in New York City but I also
feel terrible for everyone who works
here that's not the three of us
