flying out of Long Beach Airport this
morning instead of LAX it was the only
option
California I've had a great time thank
you for having me I look forward to
being back so I am heading back to New
York City today but on my way I'm
stopping in Salt Lake City Utah to see
one of my favorite people and spend the
day with him and then I'll finish this
flight later tonight so this is like a
special day visiting a special person
Utah thank you
great to be in Utah hey doing
from here
maybe I'm early still waiting
I don't know gotta be here somewhere
come on let's show you around Sean how
long have you asked me to come visit you
true story like a year this is really
just like a 12 hour layover Sean so we
have to make the absolute most of today
so far we spend a lot of time in Sean's
car which is really nice like I'm super
this is awesome Utah so we like I told
Sean I wanted a really fun day today but
I keep falling asleep in the car so
energy we were just getting coffee so
far the Utah trip is involved car ride
coffee this is your house
dude this is the space station that's
better than a house that's a Space
Station
it's weird to see where you live Sean I
guess it cuz it's like it makes me
realize that you're an actual human
being so this is this is the shonduras
factory here and is it that they're here
all the time they're not allowed to
leave well you have a light-up mousepad
whoo we got our cereal also people
actually send this we just opened a
bunch of mail yesterday people send the
smell from like all over hey hey hey
she doesn't know what she thinks yeah is
that your camera yeah just daily video
let's see oh thank you this is Sean's
desk
feels pretty Pro here man Center you
gotta play games do we don't do work at
this desk we good to see you
this is what Sean looked like with short
hair
I only asked you do you like Mexican
food I do okay
we're having tacos right now they're
delicious and then we're going indoor in
what's it called indoor surfing
FlowRider flow riders going indoor
surfing I'm very excited about this
this is it this is the FlowRider indoor
surfing situation so what happened you
turn it on in the water yeah right here
and then first jab goes off the second
one
can't walk on this now like a really
slippery you wanna start with the rope
no okay ready
I'm gonna it's a lot more fun and a lot
harder than it looks
it also hurts a lot more look I'm
bleeding
Shawn what Shawn what what do we do now
nice to meet you nice to meet you nice
to meet you good to meet you bye guys
all right correct me if I miss State any
of this Sean but good so far he's moving
out of his current house and he's
building a new house out here in the
middle of we're going to look at where
his new house is going to be built so
not the house because there's nothing
there in it right no there's nothing we
just have the land but it's an
incredible piece of land and the house
will be incredible to follow so check
that out
aha welcome to are you excited when you
Space Station 2.0 coming in hot and then
check it out
Lake we'll have our own little dock
skatepark ramp going into the lake a bow
it's gonna be good
I haven't had a serious drone accident
in a long time some a very good drone
pilot these days but shaundra's drove
the one-wheel directly into the drone it
was my fault I mean like really I was
getting this magical shot under a
tractor and Shawn just smashed right
into it
I didn't know he's gonna fly under a
tractor most drones don't fly under
tractor backups drone I've got a karma
here as the backup drone well it works
it works it works
tell me about what it's gonna be like
here okay gonna be a skate park outside
a boat dock a ramp going off the boat
dock into the water and a space station
to point up that's all you need enough
when do you what do you think it's gonna
happen all next spring and summer will
be moved in it's gonna be awesome it's
gonna be like I want you to know that
Sean is an adult
he's a 29 year old man who's married
with a child whoa
all right yeah yeah yeah I'm down my
flights at 10:30 I'm good right 10:30
over here yeah I want to hit this up
okay how do you live off the cereal
you're like a naughty naughty
like if it's an important that you go
with like shredded wheat or like granola
or something but I'm just gonna hang out
like one time that I need to leave for
my flight pay another hour to hell John
then we are either the airport mm-hmm so
I don't really know what I'm doing here
let's see
ready do I need you to press anything is
this what is this what gaming youtubers
do y'all look like a gaming youtuber
they just sit and become they just sit
enjoying video games yeah yeah you're
eating something more subscribers now
yeah not this is why I'm not a gamer
good bye guys
wait listen what's wrong he sounds like
an alien stopped Sean I want to thank
you for being a generous host yeah you
let me have your cereal play your video
games you took me indoor surfing you did
you paid for my taco this is the sign I
used to pick up case in this morning
fantastic day here in Utah Shawn Creek
seam and your whole operation forward to
coming back that's my plate
JetBlue welcome jutsu Orlando Florida
I'm kidding guys kidding we're New York
welcomes its in New York were the best
in the world I'd come probably one of
the best wave riders ever
are you kidding me
