it's like 5:00 in the morning right now
the city is still asleep except for that
girl right there I'm on my run but
today's going to be a very very long day
today ends like 25 hours from right now
very full very full day today this is a
very New York City scene right here
produce being delivered in the back of
the yellow taxi
and busy isn't bad busy busy it's good
I'm very excited for this super full day
all right ready
I gotta show this to you see
see that right there see that you know
what that is
that is gray hair the last couple of
months for me have been incredibly
incredibly stressful they're wrapping up
soon but in the interim it's just been
like yesterday I didn't upload I posted
nothing there was a day I made the
entire day on the phone in meetings just
like really uninteresting stuff I would
rather post nothing than post something
that I'm not excited about so the end of
the day I had nothing I had no episode
it edited no video kind of I felt like I
felt depressed like I felt sad like
something was missing so like 10 o'clock
last night I was at the gym getting
swole I was listening to a guy named Dan
Ariely who's a behavioral economist he
was talking about why we worked in his
entire sort of thesis was predicated on
the idea that we work because we want to
not because we have to it made me think
about my youtube channel and the fact
that I've made like 600 videos in the
last couple of years and how much I and
all the things I don't get to do in life
because I'm so focused on my work the
vast majority of the work that I do
including here on YouTube I get paid for
but it definitely is not why I show up I
get it out of this like longing or
hunger for accomplishment or this idea
of needing to complete something
professor I was listening to he equates
it to like climbing a mountain which is
a perfectly
it's an appropriate analogy because I
love climbing mountains look here is a
picture of me and my homie Graham at at
nearly 23,000 feet above sea level
my brother van put that note in there
right after we got back so why don't we
climb mountains I don't get paid to
climb mountains it's not fun do I look
too happy then I'm not happy I'm close
to death right there we climb mountains
for the same reason that we work it's
because as human beings you have this
desire to do something to complete
something whether that sense of
completion is getting to the peak or
clicking upload or just going home
knowing you that's it I'm anything
conclusive to end this monologue with
other than we interrupt this program to
bring you a special report this sound
was all screwed up for like that entire
scene I just realized I was editing deep
there's a little switch right here and
if it's at plus 20 it sounds terrible
you need it up minus 10 so on my camera
I permanently glued it down so I
apologize for that horrible sound but it
will never sound like that again now
back to our show
this is so awesome
whoa
sorry about that sound with this and
shooting on a GoPro on the regular wind
heading up to 50th Street down about
twenty four three six more blocks ago
what's up guys bye guys I gotta go in
here nice to see you what do we did
where are we going right now well we're
gonna set up here for our final panel so
can we get the panelists to come on
so that was like that was a that was a
panel about marketing and like social
media and stuff they asked me to be on
it was great it was very industry
meaning like people that work in the
industry and I never get to interact
with those folks that was awesome
well hello what's up man why not Brian
see you YouTube videos and that's me
come on
I have about 50 more blocks before I'm
home and this thing is all but dead
blinky blinky
steal a little juice here
harder than 10 minutes
it's gonna deal with hope for the best
awesomest our day I'm going to JFK
Airport thank you flight is in an hour
and 52 minutes perfectly fun time
back at the airport
all right thank you sir what's up I know
dude I watch your videos like every
single day yeah thank you can selfie but
I can't I can't they don't allow me to
oh I'm so sorry
yeah hold on I've got an idea just watch
the blog tomorrow screen capture this
and then you'll have a selfie but you
didn't break protocol thank you see you
later
okay thank you very much 45 minutes 45
minutes to get through security
because the security took so long
actually a very little time to actually
take a shower it's a late night flight I
gotta sleep on this flight and I've had
a long day I'm sticky a shower fixes
everything this is cutting it
dangerously close I'm not gonna miss the
flight but they're definitely totally my
name right now the thing that really
really sucks is that Lounge has the best
snacks and I haven't had dinner yet
- I'm on la mitad with two minutes to
spare two minutes that's all you're
saying is I couldn't stop for food I
said I'm sorry I'm late guys
okay definitely definitely definitely
the last person on this plane but those
guys had a great attitude about it I
don't have a lot of regrets in life not
getting snacks tonight definitely wanted
I've got just under six hours my goal is
to finish my work watch a half a movie
eat dinner and sleep for a minimum two
hours
playing as a neurologist and drag from
landing into Los Angeles please make
sure your seatbelts are fastened should
be in the cabin one last time
TIFF accompany our remaining service
items that were passed down do you watch
a lot of YouTube give it to me something
really good I agree I love you too
it is 1:00 in the morning here now which
means it's 4:00 in the morning in New
York which means I'm tired
well that's it remember when I said
today should be a really long day that
was 23 hours ago
I gotta say this this thing really
changes the game
you
