so Oscar made a friend I'm excited too
buddy super excited to travel days away
is so good to be back in New York City
whoa all right I'm all the way in the
east side heading home the west side so
I'm pretty solid pretty solid there ten
point four mile run 739 per mile people
ask me what I listen to when I run on my
headphones when I want to think like
when I want to think about work or
whatever I listen to music and when I
want something to think about I do like
a podcast about science or finance or
something like that
I hate and hate is a strong word
I hate phone call the only thing I hate
more than emails are phone call and
whatever have a lot of calls to make I
trying to lump them all together today
Friday is a day of phone call reckoning
I don't know who you are I will find you
and I look oh hey hi nice to see you
last time I saw you is 11 in the morning
now 437 in the PM I've done nothing but
phone calls the entire day it just like
eats away it's like this vampire just
special visitor
can this book look at us could be
genuine New York you're both wearing all
black are you not well thank you thank
you mini blanket from Colorado thanks
whoever sent us this stuff for Francine
for Halloween very nice of you
hello and welcome to this latest episode
of mailtime haven't done mail time in a
while today seemed like a great day
mainly because there's all these boxes
over here and I haven't really felt
anything to ever vlog there's also a
special guest here whose enthusiasm for
mail time and helping me with today's
vlog could only be described as palpable
are you good there I already open this I
should have opened this on camera it's
really there's literally no name this is
the name okay whoever this person is
thank you for making me this amazing
record I've never been its best-selling
musician and I feel like I am now thank
you before I open a compliment the
boxart here it's really amazing remember
that from the Christmas Story
it's a late says please open with Oscar
he's not here so wait then this is
Bentley the bulldog I'm not going to
the helicopter thing sorry this is a
present for Oscar bride you should
written down the box this is a present
for Oscar this is from my friend Bradley
this is his amazing dog who flies in
helicopters it says dear Oscar always in
my thoughts and then there's a sexy
picture of the dog see Oscar and this
dog had a bit of a romantic relationship
when we were shooting that movie hey
Bentley come on Bradley you can count on
me to make sure this gets Oscar all
right before I open this I want to
credit this with inspiring me to do mail
time today because well you know you're
gonna help me what is it say Kristin
Simmons certificate of authenticity
Casey my boyfriend got me into your
vlogs and I'm obsessed ah I'm an artist
based in New York City and recently
completed a series called Beauty is
life's easy pass I like that
Kristin thank you really I can go in the
house yeah Candice slice it she's like
anything
Casey thank you for inspiring my class
ah all my best Laurie and the students
of Arts Rock 2016 look it's me made out
of Legos thanks kids this is going up in
the office
I know what this is my GoPro karma drone
you don't care this is huge
expect a comprehensive review Wow
waiting for this for so long see I got
to play with it when they announce it
that's the GoPro Kona employer right
there but I haven't had any like quality
time with this thing yet very cool very
cool GoPro very excited happy Halloween
KC we thought you'd like to have some
fun with this wonder tech it's another
drone okay dear wonder Tech thank you
this is another drone but this is not a
drone for photography this is a
Halloween drone can't can't wait to fly
this around my city bots we've fun
you could have flown it over that field
over the kids party oh that's so fun
all right last box the big one the last
and final package of the day a beautiful
gold beautiful gold painting from
Michael mu tete Mikaela motet Casey
thank you for inspiring me to work
harder Mikaela thank you for the
painting I love it when people send me
art okay this has been an exciting
episode of mail time I hope you enjoyed
it
Candace thank you for all of your help I
could have never done this without you
I'm gonna go play with this while you
clean up sure you can hear it how does
your studio visit good one you got
plenty of stuff to take home
yeah what are we doing this weekend so
you hear part shopping on a Saturday
look near me is ready good boy good boy
buddy
