you can give me a hard time for this in
the comments if you want but I slept at
the airport and I'm still late for the
airport
it is 5:40 a.m. I'm at the dallas-fort
Worth Airport in Dallas Texas I have
like 40 minutes before I have to get on
the flight first flight out headed back
to New York City
this is our one minute flight and
honestly I considered taking the 10 hour
flight last night that would have been
like five hours to our layover in three
more hours but I realized something when
you gotten me home an hour earlier this
billion that's why I slept in the
airport hotel I have food and granola
for breakfast on this plane
thank you
that's good to be back in New York I
guess it's whether some bullsh just that
thank you very much
all right you see where I'm going there
yeah thank you very much
I totally forgot today is free
Halloween party at our house I'm not
invited into mom's only
I couldn't find the boosted board so I
had to take a taxi it's rainy out today
I'm not normally a big fan of taking
taxis
it's so good to be back in this studio I
missed the studio like you'd miss a
family member all right okay so I want
to do some work today on the Vietnam
movie everything's set up right how I
love it what I left yesterday I'm going
to tackle it I'm gonna get some work
done I'm gonna get that movie closer to
completion
I haven't known one of these episodes
right this right talk about something in
a while so that's what's coming if
you're not into this maybe come back
tomorrow and I'll do more skateboarding
or something
so yesterday I was at a college huge
College in Texas into this gigantic Q&A
with like 800 people and there were a
couple of questions that kept coming up
and this is from a bunch of people that
are all age you know 18 to 24 25 I think
a lot of my audiences around that age
and I wanted to sort of get into it a
little bit I've talked about these ideas
before but they're really ripe in my
mind right now because of yesterday you
think it's okay that I wear this shirt
even though it has a sharpie stain right
so we spent some hour asking questions
and we did another like 15 minutes for
the audience asked question and some of
the questions were like is my college
education worth it how do I become
successful on YouTube how do I make it
as a filmmaker how do I make it on TV
and journalism how do I there's a common
thread and that's this big question
which is just like I'm here I want to be
here how do I get there there's this
desire to understand how to get from A
to B then that makes perfect sense to me
there's nothing scarier than starting
your life out starting your career out
and having no idea how to get to where
you want to be then my answer loosely my
answer is always a version of the same
thing and that same story if you want to
succeed if you want to truly succeed in
a career especially a creative career
there is no absolute predefined
trajectory there's no recipe that will
equal success if there were everybody
would follow that recipe because this is
the greatest job in the world so what
that means is it's on you you have to
define that trajectory you have to
define that path and some obvious
questions are like why am I going to
college if they can't teach me that or
why am i working for somebody else if
I'm not gonna learn that and and there's
a very real very sensible answer to that
which is that every experience you have
in life whether you're shoveling
washing dishes or waiting tables or
you're pumping gas or maybe working at
McDonald's because there are muffins are
delicious you have to take each one of
those experiences as a tool or a
building block and it's the
aggregate of all those experiences that
you will be able to build your career
you'll be able to find your path the
kind of success that you're looking for
I learned so much about how to make a
living as a filmmaker while I was
washing dishes I didn't know it at the
time and I think education especially a
higher education like college is a
really big building block is a really
big tool you are doing nothing but
consuming information you're filling up
your tool box with all these tools
you're going to use to build that career
so if I had to wrap up this monologue
with something that makes sense like
with one singular idea
it's that until you get to a place where
you want to be until you can understand
the direction that it is you need to go
in life to achieve what you want to do
you have to take every experience no
matter how terrible they are or how
wonderful their you have to take each
one of those as a tool that you will
later leverage to build that career in
the comments below please let me know
you think about this staying here and if
I should continue shooting back here at
or if it's too weird I'm feeling really
good about it I don't have a specific
timeline as to what it will be done but
I think sooner rather than later but it
definitely will not be done by tomorrow
if I can talk to Francine about about
how her Halloween party went especially
because I didn't see her yesterday I was
traveling it's still pouring rain
outside but I really just can't take
another taxi cab so
this will be another electric skateboard
ride in the pouring rain
all right I did not realize it was
raining out this much I'm not worried
about my safety I'll be fine
but last time I was filming in
skateboarding in the pouring rain I was
using a GoPro this is my big camera my
laptops in my bag
all right expect a complete broken water
damage gear report hey there this is
your complete broken water damage gear
report happy to say that the boosted
board is a little bit soggy and the
bearings are a little bit slower but it
works great additionally the camera
survived the water no problem even the
microphone worked so my backpack is not
waterproof that kept out the water so
the broken water damage gear report is
everything's cool later that night
Candace and I went and checked out the
new mall under the World Trade Center
it's called the oculus
look at the size of that screen it's
like 500 feet long we are in the oculus
we like we have a babysitter at home
what do you think of this oculus place
what are you most excited about look
there's more
