okay
it's 9:15 in the morning
and on this run I passed no less than
four different groups of people there
were just sitting around smoking pot who
is more 5:00 in the morning
probably get like I don't know 10 maybe
15 days a year
in New York City they're like today that
is like a unrelenting sweltering
unbearable heat with a hundred percent
humidity it's that I absolutely love the
heat I love a heatwave like nothing else
and I wish he had more he can't say I
love your blog I wanted to send you some
artwork to show my appreciation for the
amazing horn you thanks ray squishy puss
hmm you're right thank you for sending
me this here squishy squishy puss I will
make sure squishy puss has a nice home
in my office
while I'm building stuff do you want to
see another recent upgrade to the studio
that I'm particularly proud of so this
this is the table that I sit at here I
sit there but right next to the table
here I have all these little hot bucks
say I'm hot like right now I'm very hot
and I need to turn the air conditioner a
C's on maybe I need to plug in my cell
phone or anything that's a USB into my
stupid computer that only takes this
stupid things off use this stupid dongle
here's the dongle and say I want to turn
on my stereo and I don't want to get up
here's the remote
alright well I guess while I'm flexing
at all the cool things in my office I
could show you something else all right
one of the benefits of having and
whatever a five-year long relationship
with Samsung is that they occasionally
send me their new gear before it comes
out this is not a sponsored video or
anything today is Wednesday I don't know
what the date is but they haven't even
announced the note 9 yet I've got two of
them thank you Samsung I will do the
notes my favorite phone bTW I will do a
proper review of this thing as soon as
they say this is I'm allowed to or
whatever or I have a chance to play with
it but mostly I just wanted to come on
here and mostly blue most I just wanted
to show you that I got it I was told not
to leave the office with it look very
exciting you can count on me to do a
full slightly biased review of this
thing as soon as I've had a chance to
really play with it they announced it
today so I just don't even know what's
new and what's different with it but
so Janice and I have been doing our
marriage counseling and going to a
therapist to always improve our marriage
and make sure you know we're being the
best spouses we can be and as the
husband of a to a pregnant wife one
thing I'm trying to be better as being
more empathetic so she just texted me
asking for chicken tacos and I'm being
good husband I'm going to get her
chicken tacos in the middle of the day
on earth out of one says that's what you
do
nothing
oh how are you to have an order of
chicken tacos please three thank you
all right so this place here it looks
like it's like really old but it's not I
remember vividly the first day they
opened and it looks so pristine like see
how it's all dumped looking right now I
remember seeing the owner his name is
Serge he was outside hey guys he was
outside with a mop and a bucket and the
bucket was filled up with dirty water
and he was painting the outside of his
sign trying to make it look like it was
like a New York institution when reality
he had just built it but now it's a
decade later and this place has become a
New York institution does it look like
it's always been here
your chicken tacos milady so I do they
give you the right thing I got them for
you
look I got you walk them only and chips
too you're a star am i doing a good job
of being more empathetic
can you move my bracelet from disarm
yeah to this side you can do it here
yeah okay so step one is cut this off
right he doesn't he's like not human I
am too human do you need out of
protection or just me don't shame honey
you're not gonna help
yeah was she too would hurry up you know
what I wish no should you be doing it
using lasers while you're pregnant
it's like argon gas which is just it's
not flammable
it's fine this it do you have on your
stormtrooper helmet ready he did
you barely fit in this elevator you do
look great third what are you doing
honey just because you don't know how to
drive it doesn't mean it's a stupid car
what I was sitting there and I didn't
even recognize the key was in the car
it's a key not in car maybe it just
doesn't maybe just doesn't agree with
you cuz it never does that for me so I
have to design in the Tesla I was gonna
do like a whole review is this gonna
spoil my review
no but there's there's one thing I
really do like okay the fact that it's
the greatest car ever meant one thing
when you when you push the brake and the
door closes for you that's actually
quite handy okay okay these sideview
mirrors they're so tiny it's like what
is the point of them I can't see
anything you just love to complain don't
you and I think you'll agree with me on
this you will no car is perfect
this grid leg pattern here when you're
driving in the sunlight yeah flecks on
to the windscreen when I let the
windscreen look at this it's all black
okay I'll tell you what happens when I
Drive West at the end of the day the Sun
shines out and it's coming right here
this is all glass and the sun is shining
into my eyes yeah that thing where it's
like there's always an upside to
something you will have a ability to
always find a downside if I turn here
all right I think that's it that's it
four three six eight today all I'll see
you tomorrow
