5:15 in the morning I'm getting a quick
run in today so I got a full day I know
what you're thinking where's the big
movie you promised us it's coming just
let me explain but I didn't I didn't get
it I didn't get it done yet so even
right now I should be on the way to the
airport instead of going back to the
studio because I forgot something this
is a super super fast visit
I'm literally here because I want to
take all the footage from the Vietnam
movie with me on this trip right now to
edit and I forgot to get it last night
before I left its 747 my flights at 917
I should be fine I just I need to
maximize productivity on this flight
it says about nine more minutes those
are very expensive minutes it still says
nine minutes
boobers on its way
files done so loud outside this morning
you hear that
I hope you know serious I am when I
complain about the noise outside my
office it is unbelievable how loud it is
it's not even 8:00 in the morning right
now
zombie right I think see I saw you I saw
you and I choked like I got this cape
we're don't worry about it cut right up
hey good white is a 917 you think we'll
be okay
all right I gotta grab my stuff out of
the trunk
thank you and I'm back at the airport
all right thank you very much sir take
care have a great day
I didn't post anything yesterday I
didn't upload yesterday and I don't want
you to think that I was like sitting
around bringing all day I was working I
was working out in the big movie if
anything I'm just being over ambitious
like I genuinely thought I could get it
done in a day that is the set right
there like these are some of the props
I'm working with I honestly thought I
could do this in a day I guess I've been
vlogging for too long but well 13 hours
into it so far and I've made like this
much of a dent
so Vietnam movies coming it's just not
ready yet
and then I realized that today I was
traveling all day and finally means I'm
not gonna be sitting in the studio to
edit and put on it didn't want to like
take another day of not walking because
I'm supposed to be making this movie so
I brought all the footage with me I am
gonna be working on it but there's a lot
of shooting I have to do in the studio
I'm focus I'm gonna get it done she'll
take me some time I am back tomorrow so
tomorrow we have an all-day minister
you're focused Edna
maybe even the next thing today I might
turn airplane ride I'm going to Texas
Dallas Texas where the local time is
12:00 thank you
so I mean is that the rental-car channel
I am here in Dallas I'm actually going
to Denton but I'm going to the
University of North Texas to do some
speaking and I'm gonna do a panel and
we're gonna do a workshop and all kinds
of fun stuff super crazy excited to be
here I'm only here for a day though
like three hours early so I guess I'm
going to get some coffee kill some time
you ever look up from your coffee and
realize you've been sitting inside of
the Starbucks for two hours okay next
stop University of North Texas here I
come that's where I'm going
awesome then are you going to practice
now yeah how many people are in your
drumline there's like 23 of us just on
the drums and there's that run ensemble
and front
do you wear shirts during the games no
well I mean yes yes yeah full ban you
from that's like basically wearing like
2p coats I gotta go you guys gonna come
see me talk later yeah okay cool huh
I think those are the guys that are
looking for me are you am I in the right
place yeah you're gonna park right there
next to follow right there and oh that's
fine done thank you so we're gonna max
do you feel confident I do not at all
he is if you crash I'm not gonna give my
talk and then it's on you it will be on
me everyone's gonna hate me right now
we're cooking with gas
battery that was
Tyler here Tyler's like an organizer for
the talk now we're going to the master
class right yeah yeah short film Club
what is the master part of the class
mean I think that's you I think I think
you bring the master to the class right
that was the whole ride I was the whole
ride right there we yeah we definitely
get a walk just just finish the class
I haven't gonna make a very good teacher
guys how did it go I told them they had
to clap that was a lot of fun it's great
getting to speak to a small group like
that I don't get that opportunity very
often it was all undergrads that were
film majors my guys
we didn't drop off the golf cart yeah
you lost call me okay well this is
humungous how many people fit in here
like thirty forty thousand great there's
about eight hundred a little over 800
Wow
I'm just gonna go ahead and check that
actually this meets my comfort good you
told the spaced out you still the spaced
out what do you have to say - nice
Ashley hey Casey I hope you don't get
mad for us doing this but like you kind
of left it in my blog worthy right is a
recording I mean you're just taking
pictures I think you could start my own
blog
okay we did the master class right the
VIP thing with all the kids that was
like a meet-and-greet now we just
chilled in here for a minute and now
we're gonna go to the Q&A in front of
everyone got what a great day this is
then how do you think it's been going so
far you've been going great they're
playing music some screaming I think
they're introducing know how he's
introducing me
by Casey
can you drop me back to my door you know
there's this thing the psych process
it's like mine for speaking engagements
which is that I get asked to do speaking
engagement months in advance and I say
yeah
I don't think about it again and then
like three weeks before the actual
engagement I'm like why did I say why am
i traveling all the way to Texas why am
i traveling all the way just and then I
show up and I do it and I'm like thank
goodness I did this is amazing I should
do this more often and today was one of
those days the opportunity to speak to
that many people have them care and it
was like a dialogue that was back and
forth like that class that we did was
about thank you
University of North Texas for having me
my flight is tomorrow like the crack of
dawn but no I'm not straightening my
hair I'm just wearing a hat whenever I
wear a hat it uh
not straighten my hats ridicu my flight
is that like 5:00 in the morning so I'm
here staying in an airport hotel so I
can just wake up and take off great day
today I wonder if he's gonna play
thought it would be like a since it's
really close I thought it would be like
so should we stop it yeah probably
