all right I asked I tried
no one wants you're running with me I'm
gonna run solo this is my halfway point
this is like a different town from where
we're saying we're staying in a place
called Watch Hill this is called
Misquamicut we are deep deep in the
offseason now so the entire right out
here I saw like three people mistake
I just want to say that I think it's
great that this place has unlimited free
malted milk balls and that I wish this
place didn't have free unlimited malted
milk balls there's a song
I think my mom's coming out for
breakfast and then we've got a special
visitor and then that's it we fly back
to New York
goodness this place been a great weekend
remember how I said there's a special
guest today well last week was parents
weekend excuse home and this weekend
it's fall break
welcome back Owen thanks dad are you
sure you're not home to weaken the
drought cuz you're homesick how many
times have you cried yourself to sleep
zero it's good to see you buddy
Francine you're the best kite flyer
there is you got it right big boy was it
right go Francine I'm having lunch with
my mom but this one's not behaving so we
came outside to play we leave here in 40
minutes and we fly back to New York City
wildly successful weekend here in Rhode
Island saw all the family but I'm
psyched to get back to the city go go
you want me to leave you here have to
get some different clothes though we are
the sorriest group of golfers ever to
exist there it is well you want your
neck pillow been seen are you gonna
behave on this plane you know you get it
a--have on the airplane you're on the
airplane
no in their nuts all family there be
stopped
Candice brought her own snacks on this
play refusing to share all the money
but he technically this is the bathroom
but I like it back here it's like
they're a little office
Landon
look at the size of that thing
let's shoot that was the best weekend
that's weekend then best weekend out all
right
congrats on the baby thank you he's a
good traveler Frankie bye-bye it took
this longer to go the four miles from
the airport to the city than it is to go
the 110 miles from Rhode Island to New
York we just got home can this one go to
the movies we got tickets for the movies
in Arkansas doesn't want to go the
movies so it's just gonna be Owen and me
I invited Dean to but he didn't text me
back Owen he never text back all right
let's go far away well it's on the other
side of the sea it's actually where I
used to live I'm gonna take boosted owns
gonna take a one of these here one of
these city bikes where's the machine
where do you pay
why would they put it there are you
supposed to access it Brett has a member
crap I'm not a member hey we are going
to see Ben Affleck's new movie called
the accountant I'm a better athlete fan
I know most people don't like him I
really like that athlete I don't think
Argo should have won Best Picture and
the Oscar goes to Argo I don't know how
that happened but I still think he's a
Bede's a great filmmaker good actor
great uh-oh what's taking so long buddy
now because the Owen is 50% of my
genetic makeup his favorite place in the
city is also juice press that's so much
stuff did you get a spoon the movie
starts in three minutes do you remember
where we live right there
that apartment was awesome I used to
live in this building right here and
then I gave it to a good friend of mine
he moved in and a week later the
apartment burned down his dog died in
the fire very very sad I'm gonna put
this away now last time they like came
into the theater and they thought I was
trying to like film the screen and boo
liked the movie
so I'd be a little bit more discreet
from now on hasn't started yet we
expected a trusted director stolen cash
he's capable of coming in cold
undercooking years of books getting out
alive
go
here's the thing it had all the makings
to be like an a homerun action flick but
the Edit was not good like it was too
slow the movie was a little slow
honestly like if I had four hours and
iMovie I think I could have taken that
movie from like C plus to an A - it was
still a C+
alright Ben Affleck oh good cast Owens
in an uber
I'm skateboarding humps it's faster I
really want to see Francine before she
goes to bed
she's still away
