I don't feel like I'm tired and it's
crazy you know
la la la vie the coffee in the lobbies
free organic free coffee but we're
dressed like total degenerates okay
well it is beautiful beautiful good
morning time here in Watch Hill Rhode
Island amazing right so where we
currently are is like I don't like 1/2
it's not that far from where I grew up
we are staying here the whole weekend we
didn't have a car and like my mom's
gonna come here and have breakfast with
us tomorrow my dad's coming today my
best friend from like high school Joe
he's been in the vlog before he's on his
way here now we're gonna go for a run so
this is like we're here because it's
incredible but we're here because it's a
really like great way to see all of our
family that we don't see that often
right now Candice and Roy and they're
there and Emily are walking in there
right there
hi my friend Jose here he's one of my
favorite people in the whole world did
security give you a hard time Joe no
last a few questions but they're in
operation
I run it again lovely out here just
doing well with you new uh yeah okay a
quick beauty break I know you're sick of
seeing New York City in the runs just
look man something else on Joe alright
enough to the delays let's keep moving
that's boogie coming in strong yeah
great yeah good solid run with Joe when
you go to town now have lunch see some
family that's our crew they're headed to
town rolling through deep walked all the
way to town we did find one restaurant
but it was closed so you're just walking
back to the hotel now what no no luck
yet I think I see you walk go go to
mommy
go go go yeah Francine you get to pick
one toy or two or three or four or five
this dog is being passive-aggressive
right now we found these down here last
night gummy bears malted milk balls when
I plan this trip
Candace warned me that I was scheduling
too many like hangout sessions and she's
kind of right not in a negative way but
like we have like my mom and then my dad
and then this person this the entire
time we're here which is just not stuff
I'm getting a film for this so I'm sorry
I'm leaving you out of that here we go
do something don't share anything else
blue towels see by the pool
we didn't realize the weather would be
this good but we were hoping for you'd
with her we also thought there would be
really big waves usually there's great
surfing here so we brought to wetsuits
there are no waves but we brought the
wetsuit so we're going to go first one
something with wetsuits is kind of
stupid but yeah we have a cart where
have anything to do you get them what do
you take them from the pool are we gonna
wear the wetsuits we have to yeah I'm
wearing there is literally no waves but
we can go over there and see your weight
let's go buddy surf there
so this town is actually in Rhode Island
not in Connecticut it's just across the
border from from Connecticut and when I
was a kid we used to sort of come here
like this was our favorite place like
they're better ways than where we were
from
there's an awesome merry-go-round it's
just an amazing Beach there's this house
on top of the hill right there that this
rock star bought she brought a lot of
attention to the town and that
definitely took this somewhat anonymous
town and made it more like I could well
know
wetsuit
what are you doing up there man
wetsuit on I don't even think we're
gonna need these wetsuits you ready to
get in yeah all right don't now cold
this water is going to be but it's
chilly let's show you out here
oh you think it sir football you ride
that how to perform it's not summertime
it's not warm I'm glad we came out we
have Kovac knobs my dad's at the house
Candace is there alone
Roy ready one more one more wave what if
you can stand up on that one-way piano -
we'll be right
Oh whoo how do you earn it man
oh it is completely flat
great great youth shoot we are not by a
little bit by a long bit the least like
Collard buttoned up appropriately
dressed well behaving people at this
establishment mostly it's just right
well the last time you left this couch
all right having a relaxing weekend I
was until literally four seconds ago
great dinner with my dad baby was well
behaved now we're having how many bears
does this hotel us all the gummi bears
you could possibly eat okay one more
that don't tell mommy don't tell mommy
then that's kind of it and you leave
tomorrow but there was an awesome day
swimming someone was the highlight of
the day well where are we
