special running guests this morning I
can see him he's right over here ladies
and gentlemen mr. you need Schulman here
what are you doing there
you look Viennese all right we're all
the way uptown now George Washington
Bridge this right here
Nev what is this like 96th Street oh
yeah oh yes yeah I think so okay
I'm going back down south he's gonna
come with me all the way maybe
how does this run for you NIMH feels
great
he ran up for the marathon running he's
running
turn around yeah I gotta go home and
make sure I'm registered to vote hi
buddy good to see you man also not sure
if I'm supposed to say this but Nev has
a baby that's due on Saturday
good luck need
can you hear that it's like a
high-pitched squeal kind of sound I
think one of the belts is stripped out
how you good one of the belts is
stripped out one of the motors on this
who's the girl
listen to this listen
exciting announcement three days ago two
days ago I got to go for a ride on a
private jet because a guy because the
pilot of the plane had like an empty the
flight is like if you want to come with
us you then I talked to this guy his
name is Kenny
awesome dude he owns an airplane company
they own a bunch of small black private
planes and he was like if you want a
plane to go somewhere let me know are
you kidding me so the big announcement
is that we're taking a plane oh you're
not that far we're not going that far
you know you see over to Connecticut
like every weekend if you with family
and all that we don't go anymore
we're gonna go back to Connecticut to
visit my parents but we're gonna like
stay and we're gonna do like a nice
weekend or like a vacation weekend for
like a day but whatever but we're gonna
take a plane there which is gonna be
amazing
I mean this technically is not a paid
advertisement
but I mean he's letting me fly in his
plane Kenny's companies called wheels up
if you want to check it out I'm very
very excited about this we're leaving
Friday we're bringing the baby we're
trying to see if we can bring a friend
because there's room in a plane it's
like a flying SUV I'm also just so
looking forward to getting away cuz like
I did that political video this week
which I stand by I'm glad I did it but
whole leaf people just went nuts in the
comments my god I'm voting for 1k if
you're not voting for the same person as
me I disagree with you but I'm not gonna
judge you as a Prasad no ill-will toward
you that's like I'm a human being
whatever but like Wow I expressed my
opinion and I'm passionate about it and
like the things people say
been getting a lot of questions lately
about the annex this is the annex yeah
this is like an extension of my studio
it's a second studio it's just down the
hall from my studio and the idea with
this space is like I wanted to be able
to do more and produce more and expand
the different kinds of content and stuff
so I got this space I haven't updated
you in a while but it's here it's like
fully functioning now Olli right here
what's up Bali Ali's working on
production already doing back here has
been on logistics but he's slowly
shifting into production now and like
we're just doing kind of weird
experimental stuff in here all right but
some cool stuff is like there are no
windows here it's just a grocery shop
way so Dylan put these plants they're
fake but these plants there and then put
lights behind them so it almost gives
the illusion that there's both nature
and light outside there's no nature or
light outside and no the floor has not
collapsed yet I know that there was a
lot of concerns and I had a number of
architects and construction workers
emailing me telling me this is not
structurally sound it's good we're
strong up here the short of it though is
that the annex is serving its purpose
and serving it well for those that are
new here mailtime is a segment I used to
do like every week where people viewers
would send me like cool stuff that
they'd make or whatever I'd open it and
show it here on the blog but then I got
weird cuz companies started sending me
stuff just cuz they wanted me to open it
and promote it which felt like
transactional and I didn't like that but
I did like the free stuff so I felt
guilty and then I actually did work with
brands would pay me to lecture it just
got I haven't done in a while just about
the branded content stuff I always try
to be honest when I'm doing that and
upfront but you know that yesterday I
opened up this scooter here which I
couldn't figure out how to get it to
work but I called the people who sent it
to me they told me how to make so I want
to check out the electric scooter today
but something else showed up this
morning that's completely outrageous
unmark box here
and in this thing first there's a box
that says hope this cheers you up about
your lost drones yeah I lost a couple
drones this week please don't put this
letter in your vlog okay person will
remain nameless who sent this to me
I won't include your name but there's no
way you can send me something this good
and not expect me to talk about it dear
Casey I'm 18 years old this is my
attempt at creating a three-wheeled
electric skateboard in this box is a
homemade electric skateboard by an 18
year old kid here's where it gets funny
be careful I unknowingly bought a week
controller that has problems shutting
the circuit off while in motion that
means it will spontaneously go really
fast also I didn't buy a charging port
for this prototype so if you'd like to
charge it there's a positive cable in
the front of the skateboard behind the
disconnect unscrew the wire cut my god
alright he's here - looks like oh my god
always a thousand pounds if you can't
tell by this office or this vlog or any
I really appreciate when people make
things with their hands I was obsessed
with making things when I was a kid I am
still obsessed with making things look
at this ridiculous office that I worked
in but this is like this is next-level
man just empty plastic bag where's the
controller man
okay no big deal the operation is just
slightly different on this thing that it
is on the boost support there's just a
learning curve there I didn't mean to
get that
we're getting used to
okay he mentioned in the letter that
this was a prototype just working out
the kinks so he does mention that it's a
week controller as in the signal sent
from the confession tape words right
here off on off on doesn't respond if
unless it's super super close and then
it's just uh okay okay
right
that on keeps it going
Express on okay you just is press off
and then just jump off and try not to
get hit by peer review and just keep in
mind this is an 18 year old kid and this
is a prototype my review great job
yeah that's as I first try definitely
the best wait wait you pump and then hit
the gas yeah so doesn't go unless it's
rolling dude you are a fraud on that
thing I'm just waiting for something to
go wrong thumbs up on the scooter gursky
this thing is smooth as butter
you gotta be moving
the review on this for me is huge thumbs
up man
excellent work way to make an electric
skateboard Sam what are your final
thoughts on the this a lot of fun a lot
of fun it is dark out almost dark out on
my way home winter is here okay no big
deal the operation is just slightly
different on this thing that it is on
the Busan port there's just a learning
curve there I didn't mean to get that I
hope I didn't startle you
