okay I thought I was going down over
that pothole genuinely thought I was
going down a question I get
semi-regularly is who are my favorite
youtubers like I mean I have a million
youtubers that I love but my favorite
YouTube
genre are like tech youtubers like mkbhd
and unbox therapy I love those guys and
sometimes like today I aspire to be like
them of the new GoPro Hero fuck of the
new GoPro Hero 5 and the new GoPro Hero
5 Hero 5 session just as a disclaimer
this is not sponsored by or endorsed by
GoPro if they suck I'll tell you they
say ah I want to compare them from
between this and then the four black
because this is like the best one they
make now and this is the best one they
make last generation and then compare
the hero 5 session to the other session
before I do that there's this youtubers
name super soft TV the reason why I'm
talking about him right now it's because
he has a style of reviewing the cameras
on cell phones then I'm gonna copy and I
want to show it to you
all right look how gee look at this
genius so what he does is he builds like
a rig that holds one phone and the other
phone in the same position so you can
perfectly compare one camera to the
other camera saff I will link your
channel below
these do have those sticky pads on the
bottom but they just don't stick super
well to plywood so that's why I put the
screw in to make sure military-grade
selfie stick right here I don't actually
think the military uses selfie sticks
doesn't the thing doesn't fit in there
cameras are still charging but this
feels like it could actually work all
right it's almost magic hour out there
now I just need the perfect action sport
to test these things with and I got a
caliph and I got a special delivered
from California that I think he's going
to be just the right thing
this is like a Tesla but instead of a
Tesla it's a scooter
quit changer plans I could not figure
out how to get the extreme scooter to
work I couldn't figure out how to make
it go so I'm just gonna take Old
Faithful sure same job same test just uh
on a boosted board instead of a
lime-green scooter that will have to be
tested another day I got four GoPros
strapped to one selfie stick on my
backpack gonna go test them
this is not going to be like a super
comprehensive review cuz I'm only
looking at picture quality because when
I was setting these things up like how
do I possibly get this because I was
setting these things up the hero five
was like light-years easier to set up
because of the touchscreen and new
interface over these other ones which
have like either no interface or these
tiny little LED screens so picture
quality aside the hero 5 is currently my
favorite all right let's get these work
in here these two here are going to be
shooting in 4k these two here can be
shooting in 1080 because the older
session can only shoot in 1080 I wanted
like that I wanted a fair okay all for
her Owen he's the opera blinky lights
all for rolling here goes the test
this is like no wind no skateboard
screeching just the GoPros and a guy
talking to himself in the middle of New
York City
I was not dynamic range right there Suns
behind my head it's bright hold it
steady
all right this is
a lot dog shot no camera movement
backlit right now so I should like be in
silhouette background should be lit this
is kind of the close-up me talking to
camera with it locked off let me show
you what it looks like when the light is
on me and not behind me
alright Suns going down quickly but this
is what it looks like when the Sun is
sort of on me and not behind me I should
look well lit right now so to the
background it should be also noisier cuz
the highway is behind alright that's it
for the Testament so now we go home and
test each one of these cameras and oh
hey it's tomorrow so I just spent like
an hour looking at that footage I have
to say it's really tough like there were
times where I thought the GoPro for
black actually looked better than the
five the dynamic range the blacks look
blacker here but the colour reproduction
looked better here
sometimes the session four looks sharper
but the new session the session five has
that image stabilization which is really
valuable I can tell you this GoPros
yield an incredible image they come a
long way but the million or the $399
question is if you have this should you
upgrade to this unless unless you're
like a super crazy power user I don't
think so I wouldn't do it for the image
quality I would do it for this
touchscreen the new operating system
interface is incredible but the image is
pretty comparable as far as the session
the image stabilization is major the 4k
is major so for 199 dollars if you're a
power user definitely do it alright back
to yesterday
I'm going home now I might be broken
boosted I still don't have a new man but
don't you miss the drone
fancy which one of these GoPros do you
like the best do you want to hold this
you can hold it which one's your
favorite daddy likes this one the best
or maybe this one do you like this huh
you don't like any of them okay well I
appreciate your honest
