first workday back in the city in like a
week so good to be back
I have like mostly meetings and like
things like that to catch up on like
real business stuff to do this morning
but one of my favorite people well I
haven't seen in a really long time is in
town I'm gonna see him this afternoon
first meeting of the day is in Midtown
not a huge fan of Midtown when I do come
up here I let go through Times Square
I'm awesome how you doing because I like
to see the people and Times Square is
kind of amazing look at this place
their remote control skateboard yeah you
just think you the coolest guy ever now
not standing next to you I don't stop
you're making me blush
all right it's 3:00 in the afternoon now
I just finished a one-hour long phone
call and then a three hour long meeting
I'm gonna go home so I left all my stuff
there and then go to the office
Midtown
look up look up what are you doing there
stop sign
let's just got hit by a car by a guy who
was literally smoking a blunt behind the
wheel he goes through a red light
I had a gentle embrace jump off before I
looked up at him he's smoking up one and
goes like this like go ahead sweetheart
he you who was doing it I got nothing to
get smoking blunts but if you're gonna
do it don't run over people on
skateboards dude it's like 5 p.m. I
still haven't gone to the office yeah
trying to get out of here I just like
sit down with my computer and start
working and there's so much work to be
done and I like it at home there's
nobody here bothering me
this isn't this doesn't mail time this
is just stuff night work I kind of want
to apologize kid outside that I want to
apologize to him because I'm sure he
thinks that I was being rude and maybe I
kind of was but it's like there's
nothing I love more than meeting people
like want to say hi to me cuz they like
my youtube channel that honestly is like
my favorite thing but I hate when people
show up outside my office this is where
I work I'm always so busy I'm running in
and out of this place like I my time
here is very narrow and it's very
stressful for me like when I'm running
out of my office and there's like 10
people like hate me at a picture just
outside like having a really intense
business conversation with Matt my
business partner and we're like tucked
in the core like having a conversation
like intensely and somebody came up and
was like Casey Casey Casey and I was
just like excuse me I'm having a
conversation and I could tell that he
was really upset by me saying that so
I'm sorry like I didn't mean to upset
you also didn't mean to like be rude or
anything I'm generally not that root of
a human being listed how appropriate all
right I didn't order this somebody sent
this to me here's a gift for a seat
there doesn't say who it's from
just says gift first but check out the
name of this book release your anger
maybe instead of telling that kid
outside to not interrupt me maybe I
should have just go up here and colored
thank you whoever sends me also I know I
said this was in mail time but maybe
this is mail time disguises packages for
things that I thought I ordered I did
order this okay what this is is this is
like the tiniest drone you can buy look
this is a drone that fits in your pocket
and it has a camera on it
oh this is perfect so I just lost my
drone yesterday this is very exciting
today's episode of Casey neistat's blog
is a review of this tiny itty bitty
drone Joseph I'm three tongues held this
is I wouldn't eat all these instructions
are insane look at all that
alright typically I try to provide
comprehensive reviews of new technology
this is going to be whatever the
opposite of comprehend
this is gonna be a special visitor
remember how I was saying my like
favorite person in the world is in town
this is my homie Jerome it's just saying
last week that everybody says I'm short
and I'm like not that short I just have
really tall friends drom six foot nine
no six - that's not what I ordered this
tiny foldable pocket bro you know I said
I lost my drone this is the drone here
now I charge the battery I downloaded
the app this is what it looks like oh
look it this is this powered up alright
it's been about 40 minutes later but I
did get this thing to work I'm gonna
take off the room you ready alright this
is the tiny hand drone taking off okay
false alarm once again I have to do some
Keita drones is not the hardware know
what this thing physically looks like
what matters is this software like what
powers it what controls it so when
you're counting on software to operate
this like flying camera there's like so
many variables and you need to be able
to count in the software and like I
invited my friend over I just make him
sit there and watch me not fly my girl
it literally says right now Pat your
drone gently okay you Python but okay
whoa here we go indoor flying black do
bush you ain't cheap
ah-ha hello senator
okay the little guys airborne but there
are no controls on the screen
conventional concealed cool Fincham -
okay down you template
who wouldn't see my job okay there it is
roll some video on this thing can you
become cool that agency almost okay at
least it landed safely sure take it
outside
yeah wait let me just read the manual
purse okay okay I take back most of the
bad stuff that I said about this drone
that was pretty fun
okay forward tilt 0x0 programs left hill
how do you make go up and down could you
be down because my office is in front of
a camera store there's a light in the
window which makes us look
professionally lit resetting the drone
it did not work oh wait it's going it's
going
yeah
girls what do you think of his tiny
flying thing it didn't have a camera in
it well sort of this is what it looks
like incredible that is a massive
massive overstatement right okay I'll
bring it back
waiting it's gone no we should all be
even in you time so who is in something
that cold Thanks why wouldn't he
I did lose a drone and that's an
irresponsible thing to do it was a toy
drone I probably should not have been
flying it outside even though it's that
it could fly outside but even though I
was laughing and that was fun like kind
of stupid we're having some late-night
raw vegan food cuz I'm trying to help
the amount I remember doing you one day
Casey you would be vegan friends see
what happened the music having a dance
party that's the cheese I thought she
pooped her pants
very good the conclusive outcome on this
review is if there were a pendulum I'm
really good at flying drones I've gotten
so good at it I just think that I wasn't
good at flying that drone sure did will
ever see it again yes thing we gotta get
you back mr. possibilities dear
