so this is not like a regular episode
this is more like me sharing a story
with you that I want to share with you
it's not that it's like sad sad but it's
not a super happy or fun story I just
wanted to give you forewarning if you're
expecting like a fun jubilant blog just
come back tomorrow but if you want to
hear this more kind of sentimental I
guess a little bit a little bit sad of
the story well then you're in the right
place but this does start out fun it
starts out being a fun episode so here
okay so this was like a week ago this is
before Dan left for South Africa
thank you very much see you later be
okay I'm just leaving town and I thought
maybe I should bring you something
is it donuts it's better ah dude get
well then I'll see you in a couple of
days so today is a road trip day I've
got a very very long like what is it
six-hour leave six hour and 32 minute
drive from New York City up to Vermont
where my grandmother is not funeral
funeral is instead of a funeral she's
having the whole family get together to
celebrate her life and there's gonna be
like 30 or 40 of us there so I'm sad but
I'm also very excited to see my family
when I'm not excited about is this dry
it's kind of a bummer that Franny and
Candice didn't come I understand why
they didn't want to sit in the car for
seven hours it was smart Candice's it's
too pregnant way too pregnant to be in
the car and then nobody I didn't have
anybody else to go with me so today is a
day of solidarity focused in and sitting
in my car
watching it drive me to Vermont
there it is so now I've got about 40
half an hour 40 minutes to kill the
shopping mall
actually I'm buying a tie for the
funeral I'd neglected to bring one so
this is fortuitous stop
quick bite to eat now I think the car is
probably close to charge I'm back in the
car getting it washed I got a full tank
of battery I've got I had a food I'm
good I'm ready to drop is awesome I'm
ready to drive there is one tiny little
concern though it is way way further
than I thought I mean not like a little
bit for the like significantly as in
it's 9 o'clock at night
I've been driving with traffic like six
hours I'm not even halfway there long
story long I got a long long night of
driving ahead of me
that was kind of all I shot of the whole
weekend of getting there see I got to
the hotel where my family my whole
extended family was staying we got there
like 1:00 in the morning I saw my sister
we shared a room and I just I decided at
that moment that I wanted this trip to
be just like purely about being present
and being around my family
it felt especially relevant because we
were there to sort of celebrate the life
of my grandmother but I just I didn't
pick the camera up again until I left
that's my sister there
that's me and my sister so the reason
why I wanted to make this video or just
what I kind of wanted to share for
posterity was my take away from this
whole from the whole funeral from the
whole family get together see we woke up
the next morning if we went to the
cemetery in the whole sad part and then
and then that night we had this is the
night of the funeral we had this big
like dinner get together in a room it's
sort of like a wedding reception is what
it felt like and after we all finished
our lasagna one after another my aunts
and my uncles and my cousins they all
kind of started to stand up and tell
stories about my grandmother that's my
grandmother and that that's my
grandfather that's my mom and that's her
mom my grandmother my grandmother my
Nana kept a journal of every day of her
life
and so many your stories shared from my
aunts and uncles were directly from that
journal they could go back to literally
any day in her life and and recall what
happened that's my that's my that's my
grandmother that's my uncle I'm not sure
which one am i laughter that is that's
me again my mom her side of the family
my maternal side of the family I had
eight aunts and uncles or seven Anse and
uncles in one mom so my mother is one of
eight kids these are them that's seven
of them anyways I think that's my mom
right there that's my uncle my uncle
yeah I I knew that they struggled like
my mom always talked to us about how
they had powdered milk when they were
kids because they couldn't afford like
regular milk that comes in a jug they
would buy powder and mix it with water
and that was the milk that they got
then my aunt started reading off journal
entries and there was a couple that were
short and there's a couple that were
like I went to bed hungry tonight
because we all the kids ate because we
only had enough food for the kids or
there was one that was something like
feeling terrible I didn't have enough
food for Lee that was her husband my
grandfather maybe tomorrow will be
different there were there were a lot of
those kinds of moments that just painted
such a vivid portrait of what of what my
grandmother's life was like like raising
eight kids and it's hard for me to
imagine this whatever was 50 years ago
60 years ago but it just that night
there would the family made it so real
and so palpable I don't know it's weird
I was felt more affected by my
grandmother than in those moments that I
did in my whole life of knowing her and
physically being around her
the model my dad and my brother and
cousins and no no no that guy is cousin
cousin and cousin
there's Nana right there that's me with
my cousins and my brothers this is where
I lived in a in a trailer park see I
live like I think I think right there
and that's my grandmother that's my mom
that's my dad that's me and that's my
baby boy Owen he's big now but that's
always
I know I got up to say something I
didn't have a fun anecdote from my
grandmother's life but when I stood up I
just wanted to thank her and acknowledge
how special of a thing it was that her
the last thing she did on earth before
she died was to set aside the money and
the resources and everything to have the
whole family come together like this
amazing trip was her doing and what a
special special thing that was to have
to have to have us remember her by
it was special
well I made it back great trip of really
just amazing time with the family
