what's up there I see
you know I'm trying I'm trying to get it
so when it flips over to five million
that I record it but I got a life to
live I got things to do I got to get out
of this hotel room what are we had over
there mm-hmm
it's not that I'm not psyched about the
five no this is a tremendous honor I
just I just can't sit and wait for her
to
Nashville Tennessee I'm here in
Tennessee I'm speaking at an event
called
story it's about storytelling that's
this morning I have to be there 10
minutes ago before I go there I just got
to get some air check out the city a
little bit I have been to Nashville
before but it's been a while so much so
much of the city's history is wrapped up
in music namely country music any place
where the history of that but so
enveloped in culture is a great city I
got a I got to go to the event now no
more dilly dallying although I wish I
had more time for dilly-dallying how's
everything going and you said there are
good hallways for skating you meant it
where's your boots aboard that this is
Kyle he's going opening up for you hi
thank you soon guys here the computer we
tested a laptops projection yes well
this place is cool a man missed it I
missed it
what'd you miss it when I rolled over to
five million subscribers 820 I was like
alright how I'm ditching
okay now they open the doors and let
everybody in and then I go backstage and
hide and then they tell me to come out
and I come back out
this is kc9 sense camera what's up bro
nice to meet you
guys haven't already met that we're
gonna have Casey ups off sides of the
stage and he is going to hold until we
reset will pull the stools off and we
will follow your cues for women to put
that screen live I won't be subtle okay
sometimes I have like 40 minutes 45
minutes good you gotta see this dressing
early it's got a shower in it all right
and then this is like the main dressing
room and look at this candies I feel
like they're trying to tell me something
I brush my teeth at least once okay
normally the greenroom for these talks
it's like a closet or something but this
place is great you know I've had a
couple of people say to me not true I've
had a lot of people say this to me when
they meet me for the first time they say
hey you're much taller than I expected
now I've never had anyone suggest I
should be a professional basketball
player but I've never been told I'm
short will you fill me when I go out
there I will I'll try to do my best
sitting on my team don't shake the
camera okay no pressure I got faith in
you
okay can't you Casey
I almost walked out at the wrong time
that mr. - do I go out now whatever you
want now - I'd walk just don't talk to
the last come on this big your bumper
count now go now a few moments later I
threw you some love out there
yeah she's talking about you yeah did
you miss that and he didn't just refer t
we said my friend yeah all right that's
it that was I talked good it was short
they only have been half an hour great
audience here in Nashville right now
we're going to go do some sort of like
meet-and-greet or something like that
but all right let's go
and that concludes the meet-and-greet
that that event was amazing great people
great organizers and the crowd there was
amazing like a super engaged group of
actually out of the hotel and AMA at the
airport in one hour and 39 minutes after
they don't tell now solid meeting is
candy and peanut brittle I just this is
all they eat down here in Tennessee I'm
gonna go explore now really explore got
an hour and a half
so my flight my flights at four five
after one I got a little time I don't
really know what you're doing this town
I have one friend who lives here in
Nashville and I texted her so I'm hoping
so come find me so I can have like an
exciting little tour before I gave the
airport otherwise I'm just bopping
around in the boosted board which which
is nothing to complain about guys so you
were driving by in a bus and you saw me
yes shake your hand and then sprinted up
the hill yeah guys they see you
bye guys sadly faces here in Nashville
excuse the other side of town now I met
a kid named Austin what's up Austin he
also has a skateboard we're gonna go get
on this bridge right here right now
right here oh those stairs giant bear
this is where you're gonna be faster
than me this thing weighs like 30 pounds
I was giving him because he's on a
penny board and I was like you won't be
able to keep up but when it comes to
climbing stairs hide it beer I can't
compete fine
oh this is closed to cars yeah I get two
seconds start okay all right ready set
go one one thousand two one thousand
I mean it's a valiant effort you're
definitely getting more exercise I mean
wow this is super cool then this has
this always been closed to cars all
right so I have about 40 minutes and
then I have to go pack
no I have 20 minutes after you pack
friends taking me up to the hotel she's
taking me to the airport
often I gotta go nice to meet you
that's my hotel over there
trying to pack everything up now my
friend deja is outside waiting for me
she is going to drive me here for me to
do a quick once-over then I gotta go all
right
just found out my place Lee by another
hour and 20 minutes
that kind of sucks this is deja
she's like my uber driver you ready to
take me to the airport I'm ready
they shall live for life good to see you
I will bye-bye
okay yeah what's up now I think I'll
show you now the colony you check it in
dressing nice that I've already checked
fiendish are pertain to the bed but no
needles or anything that person see a
skateboard skateboard made it through
again love them
two things one I haven't made a big
enough deal for how big of a deal it is
that I got to five million I mean we got
the five million thank you for
subscribing and continuing to well thank
you well thank you for some it's a huge
huge deal for me
normally I do like a really special like
give me five million vlog but like I'm
traveling and it just happened so fast
and thank you
numero dos yesterday my friend Marlon
the UPS delivery guy was on the vlog he
needed some help we did this GoFundMe
page and it went nuts like we were
expecting this and if there was like so
much money in there it's outrageous so I
just wanted you to know that Jack and I
and Marlon are trying to figure out a
responsible way of making sure that
money goes all of it goes to a really
great cause because we exceeded what he
needed so there's more we want to make
sure it all goes to a really great cause
thank you your generosity is absolutely
humbling it's sometimes hard to see how
your generosity can actually impact
people when you donate or contribute to
people in need but this was to help one
man and I can tell you that Marlon a
friend of mine a wonderful person his
life is gonna be made so much better you
get to see his sisters because of your
generosity that is huge that is a way
bigger deal to me than five million
subscribers
I was supposed to be at home two hours
ago and now friend seems asleep I don't
get this year tonight
it's cold it's wet it's raining out it's
great to be back in New York City you
gotta I gotta get my uber okay you know
I'm going
Sara did you have to check your Brewster
border to carry it on me did you put it
in a bag huh no I carried my arm but it
was like it was a very touch-and-go I'm
glad to see you have yours
