what the hell's going on here how
exactly does it work
dick the tube and the baby's nose new
okay so all the snot comes out because
they hate those like big plastic sucker
see this see this this is a jacket this
is a sweater I haven't seen these guys
since May this is a Ravi and smoothy
it's Monday which means I'm once again
healthy
really sorry about this vignette Aang
then getting is see these but I can do
this better see these black marks at the
corner there there and there
that's called vignette and that's from
this lens doesn't belong on here I
departed this lens from a friend's I
know the last couple days have looked
weird because of back in the office and
a switch lenses back ready three two one
looks better right
no more vignette in this is what the
lens look like that I borrowed I mean it
still saved the day but it's not let me
return it
thank you thank you you saved me I've
done this weekend that's great it's
awesome what a good time I didn't want
your recaps yet did you see any more of
Oscars video I haven't seen any more of
it I bet it's great I said it before
I'll say it again I just love the people
in this building that was John he makes
videos he loved me that lens do you do
you know what a press embargo is in
journalism and public relations a presen
Bargo is a request by a source that the
news provided is not published until a
certain date you know something but you
can't talk about it okay in this box is
this totally in this box is something
totally new it's a drone and it's the
it's the latest and greatest you're
supposed to put it in your pocket it's
got a 4k camera I'm not allowed to talk
about it or open that but well I guess I
could open the box I couldn't show you
until October 18th so far this press
embargo sucks
in other news my airplane seat movie
it's about to cross 20 million views 20
million that's insane that video has
been up for seven days 20 million views
in 7 days that's like 5 million views a
day I know it's not fine know what that
also means which is not is that is now
the second most watched movie of all the
650 videos or whatever on my youtube
channel so I just want to take one
second and talk about viral videos now I
have touched on this before in this
channel but it's a popular subject it's
especially relevant since I just had
like a wildly viral video viral videos
viral videos are almost impossible to
predict they're low greens about to get
shot watch ready watch shoot mode green
right in the eyeball boom
dead viral videos are almost impossible
to manufacture to actually create now
the flip side of that is that nothing
can do for a YouTube channel what a
viral video can do for a YouTube channel
my claims which was like my first really
viral video on this channel it blew my
channel up in the 7 days since I've
released this 20 million view banger
I've gotten almost a half a million new
subscribers viral videos are hugely
powerful and that's why people always
pursuing them alright why did this one
go viral before I get into this on say
this is why I think this particular
video went viral not a recipe for viral
videos in general a broad abbreviated
examination of why $21,000 first class
airplane seat went viral
number one zeitgeist right now like this
idea of opulence and indulgence and
over-the-topness creates a climate where
a title that says $21,000 airplane seat
that's interesting that's compelling
what kind of a world do we live in where
a one-way airplane seat cost twice as
much as the worldwide median household
income timing there's a lot of bad news
right now there's this US election which
is a mess there's the conflicts taking
place in the Middle East and Syria
there's global terrorism there's Isis
there's all these just terrible things
dominating the news cycle and when
something fun and a harmless and playful
and interesting and sort of newsworthy
pops up everybody just jumped on it
general this is something like a fancy
airplane tea the whole world is
interested in this it was written about
in South Korea and an Uzi and an end in
New Zealand it was written about in
Canada and it was written about in Saudi
Arabia this stupid story about an
airplane seat was general enough to
appeal to most of the world which is a
nice segue into the last factor
innocuous it was perfectly innocuous
there was nothing offensive or harmful
or bad about that video at all which
mean it was safe for all the press
outlets and soccer moms that posted it
on Facebook and shared it ever there are
no swear words there is nothing gross
there's nothing yucky there was nothing
offensive about that to anyone when you
combine all those factors with like a
little bit of funny and interesting well
told story and then I'll
a bit of luck that's how that viral
video came to be
what's the matter pregnant do you want
to go Whole Foods now groceries are
expensive tonight here in the United
States of America is the first-ever
presidential election no first ever what
what did I say first-ever is the first
presidential debate where they have the
Republican nominee and the Democratic
nominee and then they battle to the
death we are having a debate party at
our house although it's not much of a
party because we only invited five
friends one of whom is pregnant so it's
sort of like we have six friends
we're gonna go grocery shopping now it's
knees birthday we have to get them a
cake
the debate is at nine o'clock which I
think it's too late for dinner I think
people are going to be expecting snacks
Candace but Candace thinks everybody's
gonna want dinner well this is what I
look like if I was bald
no powder involved this my friend's
birthday tonight I got to get him a cake
I have the six inch for no like kids
cake he's gonna be so psyched about this
cake Oh
dynamite we're gonna order a pizza and
then we got snacks and chips cookies and
cheese and that big TV that's been
sitting in the corner of my office we
don't have a TV here at home I mean
there's one in the bedroom we don't have
a TV here that's the debate TV so I
gotta I gotta set it up I'm just gonna
put it on the floor well I got it out of
the box but it's not together you got a
TV set up feel pretty good about it so
now to get the cable all the way out
here from the bedroom workout the cable
box doesn't work in the living room so I
was trying to run it from the bedroom
but the kid wasn't long enough I'm tiny
order to score now the debate starts in
like 20 minutes
buzz what's the likelihood the stores
gonna be open
not what I need is like a 60-foot long
hdmi cable extension cord cable where
are they I don't see them maybe I can
take a cable from the better than the
cable from the other bedroom connect
them together with this cable run that
from the one veterans living room it's
don't know about God they don't have a
long hdmi cable here baby's asleep
- you already get it yeah more
importantly
