take game Jenga or you're like you have
all the pieces stacked on top of one
another and if you pull the wrong piece
out the whole thing just collapses my
day today is like Jenga
everything's piled on top of one another
and if I screwed up the whole thing's
gonna collapse it's why those super 73
to a beach pipe yeah with the wide tire
yeah yeah Jenga doesn't this kind of
like Jenga tower so I'm heading into now
a quick meeting at 368 about three six
eight gaming remotely restarted an open
call for applicants to sort of head up
three six eight gaming at eight thousand
responses but I think I found my
favorite we this is yesterday it was
8,000 8,000 all of which we've been
through there was one application in
particular you haven't seen know your
breath' genius
yeah we're gonna get we're connecting
with this guy so I often say like if the
best you can come up with for a job
application to impress someone is an
email you're never gonna get the
position look what this guy did
Andrew I appreciate you and your
creativity
now Brooklyn
is that I'm actually very excited about
skills sound
I haven't actually talked about it in
the vlog yet but I'm actually starting
another it's small right now it's like
I'm starting another like technology
company tech endeavor there's just
something about software development
that's so exciting I'd really missed it
since beam so this is a meeting about
that but more on that later
hope everyone's okay three things three
things have been on my mind all day
they've really been occupying me so here
goes number one very very very good news
I am typically not an emotional person
but this news makes me want to cry a
little bit I found this out last night
for the first time in my whole life
I am now an uncle yesterday there was a
new addition to the nice stat brood a
beautiful healthy baby and everyone's
doing great and it's very exciting
that's been like this little dopamine
thing in my brain all day that's just
like happiness happiness happiness
number two and I don't know how to feel
about this I guess I'm like okay I
shared with you like a week ago or two
weeks ago about my grandmother passing
away which is really just sad and a real
bummer but this weekend instead of a
regular traditional funeral the entire
family the extended family is getting
together up in New England like six
hours from New York City I feel okay
about it because while it's very sad it
her not being here is very sad and her
passing was very sad but the act of
celebrating it as a big family is very
positive and I do feel good about that
so that's number three this is just
straight-up bad very bad news last night
Dan was in a pretty bad accident he's
he's fine
not life-threatening and he broke his
shoulder I've spoken to him he called me
last night to tell me even though he
can't move his arms he still wants to
smack it I don't know what that means so
he's okay but it's still bad he was hurt
I'm not gonna be uploading tomorrow I've
had a crash dan I told you not to ride
my skateboards when it rains out because
you're gonna break them and because it's
dangerous and you fell off my skateboard
and you broke yourself congratulations
you played yourself
so my physician
I heard you weren't feeling well thank
you my sir how are you doing man I'm
like a Bray are you on pain pills right
now yeah you look terrible yeah yes I'm
trying to make myself look nice
dad what are you taking sir trying t
this poor guy tell me what happened
buddy very busy so I've said goodbye to
you and you were like you're like watch
out on that booster board that's not
what I said
what did you say I said don't ride my
boosted board in the rain that's exactly
what I said it and then I was like I was
thinking like how many times have I done
this you know and I was going along and
then I I was pushing it full force like
I was just headed home you know it was
pouring rain like a thunderstorm okay
continue and I I was hitting in the bike
lane and then his black car just pulled
out of no it's just like it just came
out into the bike lane and then I
slammed on brakes but obviously like it
was wet so but like I slammed and brake
side like it
it was sliding towards the car and I was
thinking like oh my I'm gonna hit into
the car so I tried to jump out of the
way of the car but then I slipped and I
went and I was heading for it's wheel
and then I pushed my arm up against the
side and that's what it when it snapped
and the car just like drove off and then
somebody else called the M you know
there's lots of people standing around
yeah then I was in the hospital most of
last night and so now I have to wait
because obviously if if I need an
operation I'm gonna have to go back to
South Africa
feel better damn thank you myself I'm so
sorry
of course I'm so sorry you're hurt dude
we interrupt this program to bring you a
special report
what's a per mole or booty who hunted
her I just said hello in in three
different languages that's English
Koza and Afrikaans welcome to my home
this is where I live
yo Bri I'm smacking it with one arm
currently the injury didn't just hurt my
shoulder it also hurt my feelings I flew
to South Africa to get a hug from my mom
pretty much but I'll be back in New York
City in the next few days and I'll be
back on my booster board and cruising
with you very soon my sir I miss you so
much I mean for realsies dog peace
Tony
