in flipping through every news channel
on TV it kind of feels like he sounds
made to feel like this city is a war
zone right now but to be here to
actually be on the ground in the city
just kind of feels like another Monday
in September if anything it's a little
quiet here this is not like one of my
normal YouTube video uploads today I
want to use this channel instead as a
platform to share with you a little bit
of what normal life of what my life is
like in New York City today that what is
kind of an extraordinarily tumultuous
time in New York City Saturday morning
two days ago a pipe bomb exploded in
Seaside Heights New Jersey not too far
from here along the route of like a
running race nobody was injured so right
now the main focus is to make the area
safe right later that night a homemade
bomb exploded in a dumpster on 23rd
Street about thirty five blocks from
here injuring 29 people the explosion at
8:40 p.m. tonight this video coming from
across the street a couple hours later a
second bomb was found in 27th Street one
that had not detonated a pressure cooker
there you have it found just four blocks
away and then last night Sunday night
around nine o'clock five pipe bombs were
found in Elizabeth New Jersey that is
just across the river from here one of
those bombs detonated while the police
were trying to disarm it
then this morning just before 8:00 a.m.
my phone my wife's phone we got an
emergency alert about a wanted suspect
in the New York City area and then about
a half an hour ago in Linden New Jersey
after a police shootout they caught the
suspect they were looking for they don't
know the details I just know the end
result at this time this is Union Square
totally quiet here no no noticeable
extra police protection or soldiers or
anything extreme like that
just uh just business as usual have the
recent events
the attack that happened Saturday give
you any pause about being here being on
the street your safety anything like
that no no not at all where to live
this is the site of the explosion on
Saturday night even here
these are quiet there are news crews and
cops and FBI agents a lot of a lot of
Public Safety officers but besides that
sometimes
now what is that snobby a lot like
so I take something like this on
even here in Times Square feels quiet
and what PD tactical is here there's an
extra cops but for the most part there's
a lot of people will fight them out of
town soaking up the city this is
actually my first time here so I'm
nervous
anyway and it just it made me
a bit more nervous
it doesn't affect the way like you go
about your life
I've been doing well
our Halles
how how would you characterize the vibe
here at the Sandero feet everyone's
having a good time no one's complained
well no one's have any issues over here
do you think that there's like a
difference at all with the way people
are conducting themselves in the city
with the recent events it's business as
usual everyone's just going about their
business not worried about anything what
do you think what do you think that says
about New Yorkers that we're resilient
we've been through before sure we'll be
through it again now we'll just keep
flying and going back I've moved to New
York City three months before the
terrorist attack of September 11 2001 I
lived a block beneath the World Trade
Centers I've never once been surprised
at the resiliency or the attitude of New
Yorkers towards what would be towards
the tents towards the scary towards the
kind of events that have been happening
in the last couple of days the ethos and
the atmosphere that is perpetuated about
what New York and what New Yorkers are
is true this is a city of eight million
that copes and deals with whatever it is
confronted with
