beautiful day for a run here in Sydney
this is to be careful the drivers here
are super super reckless
welcome to Australia
morning in Sydney its 651 in the morning
sun's out I definitely don't feel like
it but I'm going for run
what a great city to run in right god
it's incredible look it's the Opera
House and then alright I meant the other
side of the bridge a little further than
I thought look the Opera House where I
kind of started is all the way over yeah
and then I went all the way over here up
on the bridge over the bridge down and
around through some sort of winding
amazing water path here and this is what
I find myself look at this water look
how clear this water is Sydney if you
want to learn about pollution you can
come to New York City we can teach you a
thing or two
all right now just take a selfie with
you want a selfie I had a little lost on
the run this morning but it's a great
great seven miles hotel breakfast is my
favorite kinda breakfast and the
Intercontinental here in Sydney not
messing around
it's a lot morning guys all right so
this is another rehearsal right it's
your last one I didn't need the first
one I thought about what the talk I've
got the top right it's locked in I just
started talking to an empty room it
makes me feel like I'm talking and doing
the air well they'll be chairs and stuff
this time okay
thanks Richard is one of the most
recognizable faces on YouTube in fact he
has the fastest growing YouTube channel
Avada just last week buddy snowboarder
through the New York City is a boss and
epic crime footage and recently won the
GQ Man of the Year award crest rehearsal
thus concludes rehearsals and now get
out of this dark scary backstage area
I'll see you guys later
10:45 now we Fe back here at 4 o'clock
this afternoon which gives us like five
and a half hours to do something
meaningful Spain Australia Spain and
Jessica
ready
the event tonight is being hosted by
these big Australian youtubers called
Mighty Car Mods we ran into them
rehearsal and they invited me us and
we're gonna go hang out with them
yo yo yo hey brother come man hey buddy
thanks kind of the guy last time yeah
what are you want I see like what do you
want to ride first what do you want to
experience how much does it weigh 40
kilos I don't know the kilos oh my god
hell isn't it has like a 65 70 pound
baby but that's in it's like folded down
position thing yeah yeah will you fit
all right so now handlebars come up
that's it it feels like very Brooklyn
huh no no no this is twist that to lock
it in now you can pop the seat up by
pulling this tab look cool yeah man yeah
you're cool but this is 1981 come on now
do you want how ahead of its time is it
well I've been clearly too far ahead of
its time since nothing's come out since
1981 that makes us 35 years old how do
you have two of them in perfect
condition um we the other thing we have
as a trait view is the fastest guy
you've ever been in yes yeah we saw that
video we saw that video else is faster
doesn't look like it but wow you were
just like hustle street racers in this
thing not I'm a straight bar do take it
to the drag strip which is a lot of fun
start this thing up let's hear it
oh it's meaty cover your ears
why now
and right there right there something
happened to my microphone and for the
rest of the day I've gotta nose I don't
want you to feel bad Blair I know it was
an accident no no hard feelings
whatsoever but all of the footage shot
thereafter has no audio in it what so
ever and not a terribly huge deal I
don't have a microphone for the rest of
this trip so things might sound a little
echoey from here on out but but I hope
you don't feel that Blair
all right I'm supposed to meet Jessica
downstairs 15 minutes ago the event the
whole reason why I'm here the reason for
all this travel is tonight well it's in
like an hour and yeah I gotta go meet
the girl thank you when Blair crashed
into my camera
he broke my microphone and all the audio
after that moment is Brighton on
appreciate it I'm not gonna see you
again
I'll see tomorrow okay let's see
tomorrow I'll miss you well you spelled
my name right which I appreciate but I'm
pretty sure that subscriber counts off
just can't keep up with your meteoric
subscriber ladies make me beautiful this
is the greenroom we're getting ready
rode microphones is headquartered here
in Sydney and I and they're sending
someone here with a new microphone soon
so right now there's all this background
noise and will soon be resolved
no I know I didn't tell you so you'd
feel bad I know you didn't mean to break
my microphone I wasn't gonna tell you at
all I'll buy you another one man no it's
not about the money it's about the fact
that you destroyed this entire episode
but what matters is that you don't feel
bad bear come back I'd like what matters
that you don't feel bad because this
will still be like a this video will
still be a solid see - sick - well it
would have been an a but I lost all the
audios are you kidding me right now
rode microphones you're completely
saving my life you believe these people
they're so nice did I can't believe you
came all the way out here microphone
test microphone test this is onboard mic
switch rode mic all the conference room
I couldn't tell the difference but I'm
sure this sounds better is Mellie Casey
where's my holding cell back here I just
asked for a room so I could be by myself
before after you go out there and talk
in front of all these people and they
cleared out the entire makeup room look
at the size of this space it's just
because you have to focus
before you can like talk and there's so
much going on it makes it hard to focus
that's what this is about I know I had
made a big fuss about getting that room
downstairs but I actually find it easier
to focus and concentrate up here so I'm
gonna sit up here and prepare for my top
I don't know why I find it more
comfortable to be up here but I just
find it easier to focus and sort of find
my Chi being up here instead of instead
of being alone I can't place what it is
any thoughts
focus all right this is it I'm going out
wish me luck
I'm done how do so killed it give you
attended my son Iggy azalea's about to
go for four
she's gonna take a mouse game always
starts the same for us we're bombs down
a plate and somehow you so this is an
extremely important Australian iconic
snack this is called a lemming ttan both
guys hey that's like with pinky without
less filling what's a Twinkie if God
