I am a terrible actor
today I'm traffic huh so so I'm here in
New Orleans and I'm here for like I
think one day or two days I'm not sure
my friends are shooting a movie here
like a big Hollywood you know zillion
dollar production and they put me in it
I have like a small role I don't know
much about it beyond that but I have
like two shoots and this week is part
one of two parts and that's why I'm here
making some movies
okay goodbye ladies thank you so that
was fitting with like the costume
department where they pick out which
clothes I'm gonna wear just doing
sitting for a movie okay but I started
filming up there and they said no
filming so much clothing no posting
okay so I'm at this super groovy hotel
right now
and this shoot is tonight like my call
time they picked me up at 4 o'clock this
afternoon but I'm a little bit nervous
because I was going to make this whole
video about what it's like to be in a
big huge Hollywood movie with some movie
stars but I'm not actually sure I'm
allowed to film anything tonight
but I'm gonna bring my camera we're
gonna find out in the interim really
great to be here in New Orleans
New Orleans in the Mason City but I
think my favorite part of just real
place is how friendly everybody is you
walk by somebody and say hey how you
doing and they say good how you doing
that's crazy all right
are you doing I'm ready
how far away is set not are we going to
like this set set or like a staging area
set set
the trailers there yeah okay this is
awesome oh that's alright I'm in my
trailer now I don't know what's
happening I don't think those are my
shoes I don't know what's going on and
there are no snacks in here none we've
got nothing
that's soap I thought let me shoot to
get snacks like they're supposed to be
like good snacks don't see any snacks
out there nothing no snacks no snacks at
all no snacks
okay so we're about halfway through the
night it's like 3:00 in the morning
right now and the shoots going amazing
I'm not allowed to show anything I can't
show you this here or any of the other
movie stars I can't show you nice one
wheel man
I can't show you the set or the
locations
I can show you this which is a gigantic
parking lot that has all of the um like
equipment and this is like the gaffing
truck or the lighting equipment and
stuff like that
I'm not allowed to show you my costume
which is why I put on this leather
jacket and zipped it up but I think I
did a good job my scene involved bumping
into one of the main actors and I had to
bump into it like ten times I am a
terrible actor
area get back to set now
Catering
Catering is where we have dinner tonight
ribs this is not my costume I'm just
hiding my costume okay this clothing
store is like the staging area for the
movie so we're shooting the movie
outside do I look cool I'm trying to
hide my outfit we're shooting the movie
outside but this is where we like hang
out in between shots am I ready is it my
time are you being serious ready for you
on set right now okay I'm coming I'm
coming I'm coming okay that's for real
that means it's time to go
well the shoot went well and that was
just the beginning
tonight was just the first shoot I have
to come back in like three weeks for
like an entire week of more shooting and
hopefully by then there'll be more stuff
that I can share with you about this
movie but I can tell you this
being on a huge movie set like that is
so much fun and there were good snacks
in the end which is great because I you
know I was a little nervous about that
but it was great
there's so much fun do you have a second
I have a couple questions okay all right
I'm making like a YouTube video from
that I shot on set and I just wanna I
just want to run a couple things by you
to make sure I'm not breaking any rules
okay so I don't mention the title right
can I mention who's in the movie I don't
really have I don't have any shots from
on set nothing on set nothing with
anybody else that's in the movie I think
about what my role is in the movie I
never mentioned who the stars I agree
I've not had no title I didn't mention a
title okay bye
movie stars the great Jamie Foxx and I'm
in a scene with the great Jamie Foxx and
let me tell you something that guy is
intimidating he's also extremely
handsome and he's a very good actor I'm
a terrible actor
I don't know how to act at all and he
and I did our scene together I can't
tell you the details but I was terrible
and he was amazing
so hopefully the directors can like edit
around my horrible acting but Jamie Foxx
I hope you get to see this YouTube video
and I hope we're cool like I was trying
my hardest on said I know I wasn't very
good but like I was trying
