don't want to use how much how much do
you want to buy this one for you got
pain Norfolk that way
I miss Francine I miss Candace I miss
these New York City runs I love it here
I just missed it I missed this city like
you'd miss a person I like yearn for I
was like sad to be away from it
seeing as today is my first day back in
the office
I really wanted to do a are you excited
about the new iPhone I used to get so
excited about iPhone announcements and
this one iPhone 7
I don't think I can do it I'm not ready
I love this little guy too much all
right
I'm so much to do today cuz today is my
first day back and I have so much stuff
to catch up on a lot of it a lot of
those errands that I need to run or
outside of this office all right I know
I was just like harshing on Apple and
stuff but this is not work astray dude
this is a bunch of electronics and stuff
sent to me from my peeps at Samsung like
new headphones and stuff and new memory
card I'm actually going to be doing
another big awesome 360 project with
Samsung soon all right I gotta go I
gotta meet it
just fell off my skateboard hard broke
my microphone
I felt so hard look like camera with his
cellphone
broke my cell phone there and broke my
hand
look at that we can do right here
so much that's much deeper than it looks
like my my elbow
this lens this lens is totally broken
totally broken I was doing like two
miles an hour I was going super slow
ready really slow like this forward just
like that nice nice and slow nice and
slow BAM
see what is over
that's
this thing is just dominated looking
it was like going and somebody just like
yank the port out from under me we can
you're hurt not gotten what I've only
fallen off this thing a couple times
it's always what I'm doing really slow
did I fall yeah I just thought escape or
it's so hard what do you want how about
oh oh oh this just happening fall yeah I
smashed my samsung phone and these guys
are all with Samsung so kind of an
appropriate meeting alright sorry I'm
late
nearly done with our meeting here this
camera lens seems to be working even
though it's all smashed up
Kelsey made me put band-aids on my
elbows she said it was gross and her out
I just met a lovely young lady named
Raquel Raquel nice to meet you
that meeting was like four hours long
and really important there was like
blood running down my arm really
embarrassing look at this right
everything I just fell off my skateboard
look at my elbow this is as close to
pornography as I will show on my channel
this is what you call camera pornography
look at these these show up in an
armored vehicle oh it was heavily
guarded for those of you not in the know
the Canon 5d Mark four is like the
newest latest greatest benchmark in
camera
this is the old ones thank you all right
Thank You Savior
million dollars isn't cool you know
what's cool you
a billion dollars
that's right a billion my youtube
channel just crossed 1 billion views 1 0
0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 billion now I don't
know really what or if that means
anything but I just remember years ago
reading in the New York Times an article
titled the girl with a billion views it
was about youtuber jenna Marbles hi
Jenna and how she had accrued 1 billion
views and when I read that I was like my
god that is an infallible number there
are only 300 million people in the
United States of America there are only
7 billion people on the entire planet in
this one young lady via her YouTube to
have 1 billion views and today I cross
that threshold thank you all 1 billion
of you or 100 of you who have each
watched 10 million views or 1000 of you
who have each watched 1 million views 1
million of you who have each watched
thank you today I want to do a special 1
billion view qat having done a Q&A in a
while I'm getting a lot of requests for
it so here we go Gina what single video
made the most impact in terms of those 1
billion ok the most impactful video from
me was a movie I made called bike lanes
linked right there bike lanes was the
first movie I made when I started my own
YouTube channel that truly went viral on
YouTube demonstrated to me the power of
YouTube this one video in 2 days did
more views than my entire HBO series did
for the life of the show and that blew
my mind
that affirmed my thinking that YouTube
was where I wanted to direct my focus
for the future do you think you could
achieve a billion views this fast
without the vlog no chance there's just
no way that you can get those kind of
numbers without uploading a lot of
content
what video you the most proud of I'm the
most proud of a movie called my kid in
me it's this like 22 minute epic I made
about Owen
John Barnes what's your biggest advice
for filmmakers I'm 13 years old don't
waste your time with film school we are
at a place right now in this genre where
you can buy a camera or you can use your
cell phone to make videos that will
reach tens of thousands or millions or
hundreds of millions of people you don't
need the formalities of filmmaking that
they teach in school instead take the
money that your parents or you or you
would borrow to go to film school take
that money and spend it on living life
this is very much like Verner Hertzog's
theory around filmmaking spend that
money spend those resources buying
experiences because filmmaking is not
about the craft it's not about the
camera it's not about the year it's
about telling stories and sharing
experiences and sharing perspectives and
if you're only perspectives in life are
the ones your professor taught you in
film school you're gonna have a really
tough time making something people care
about I am very much Pro academia I am
by kids in college right now and I could
not be more proud of him it is film
school that I take issue with no one can
teach you how to be a storyteller you
have to live to be able to do that how
are you celebrating I'm not I'm not
celebrating I'm making this video and
then I'm just putting my head down and
I'm making more videos I believe in like
benchmarks and I'm proud of 1 billion
but with each success comes a bigger
more ambitious with each success comes a
bigger and more ambitious goal and this
success just motivates me to do more do
more on YouTube do more in life create
more make more reach more people last
questions I think it's romantic how much
credit do you give Candice on those 1
billion years about 950 million of those
1 billion views I got after I married
Candice having a support system like a
family is absolutely instrumental in
keeping focus and working hard in
everything that contributes to your
success to my success yeah I mean don't
tell her I said this right credit
Candice would like all of my success but
don't tell her I said that it'll go
straight to her head
oh yeah I've got that I was riding my
skateboard really slowly and powders
went into a pothole and I crashed I
broke the Rolex hi Stanley
so how's everything going I just cool -
Sarah hello
so what do we do about this thing I
don't understand there's no cracks or
anything me neither but it must have hit
pretty hard
look at my elbow how swollen it is
we're having a picnic again tonight
that's not my family what's up we're
boarding the family picnic there are
bugs and there's like goose it
everywhere I'm sorry the picnic failed
epic epic fail I tried really hard to
make it special
fell so hard so hard so
