9:00 a.m. London having a very very
fancy breakfast with my friend Connor
and my other friend my other friend Joe
Joe is a Olympic gold medalist thanks
for giving me this by the way super cool
to meet you you want to keep it cut out
back I thought when you said no that's
wrong and this is one of those times
where the food it looks too fancy to eat
aren't you eating that I feel like I
should probably just take photos of it
put on this to go right and then leave
it this guy in his gold medal is so fun
hanging out this guy only have a couple
of hours this morning before my flight
so I'm trying to take advantage of the
city just gonna explore a little bit Joe
and Connor are on like rented city bikes
they're actually the same bikes which
are both slow and heavy
how's that bike it's heavy I wish I had
one of those things won't you bring more
yeah I still got six inside as an
Olympic gold medalist II feel qualified
derived this my Olympic goal wasn't
actually in this first it books business
and should be fun
it's not going to end well is it mm-hmm
no the best thing is he's got gold metal
in his pocket somebody important is
coming by in a motorcade with a penalty
my son is a massive fan he talks to me
all the time
Cheers yeah nice to meet you turn
yourselves in hi we play strike I'm
following you
what's this Harry Potter looking
building here on the right no idea how
did your terrible tour guy know from
i NK see my god hi hi it's like say
hello
how they perform good to see you man
are you riding a bike home the hallway
of the Savoy is fantastic for riding an
electric skateboard
good luck with your training yeah I'll
see you out yeah see me upstairs
take care done car is picking me up here
at the hotel in 12 minutes I have a lot
of packing to do so pack this very
carefully I also don't think they'll let
me carry this on the airplane so I'm
going to check this goodbye hotel room
it's been great apparently I'm very very
late Virgin Airlines literally just
called me like on the phone they're like
hey this is Virgin Airlines did you know
that your flight leaves at 2:00 p.m.
which I sort of did I just didn't advise
it was I guess I underestimated how long
it takes to get to Heathrow Airport from
London no problem I hope they're not mad
at me hi sorry I'm late
that's all right miss Vanessa hi Casey
can I call you Casey
you can call me here yes
just quickly swipe of your pulse awkward
because a quick scoot in the lounge but
we have to be quick the purpose of this
line is is just so I can see what I'm
missing right yeah okay you're late I'm
sorry there's completely my fault okay
okay this is the Heathrow clubhouse okay
they're already boarding the plane right
just had to see this lounge before I
leave
oh I could use a haircut and a shave
yeah I wish I should have come over
there and spin your bikini or your
swimming trunks to dry in this little
machine here I've got my favorite bikini
enough so the flights are deboarding so
I can't jump in the hot tub huh that's
rich people food right there do you have
people that come to their fights secret
always just to spend all day here they
don't want to leave this is out recently
safer and our library so civilized in
here so just lock Francine in here yes
and Candice and I get me the spot that's
a call coming you see door do you ever
drink on the job
add to my long list of regrets I didn't
partition time for the virgin lounge
thank you gotcha
Wow 13 for the wind and all of my years
of fly I've never had anyone escort me
around an airport like that or show me
around the lounge like that virgin
thanks
amenities can
my plan is to stay awake long enough to
have dinner then go to sleep
so time
- oh you're welcome
little airplane
enjoy
desert
bye-bye thank you for everything bye
guys thank you provide thank you
getting back in New York City baggage
claim
look at this show still good to be back
in New York City I always complain about
airports and I want you to know I'm not
biased New York City airports are some
of the worst this part cost six dollars
to borrow
Oh
I think there's what still one more
okay got my bags time to get out of here
it is breezy and hot and summertime
still here in New York City it's this
place
it's 5:00 p.m. it's rush hour Google
Maps says it's 1 hour and 12 minutes
back to the city don't do drugs I don't
have many addictions in life but um
helicopters I just can't stay away from
franciene is a school thing at six they
don't have enough time to wait for a car
so I'm going to try to escape work
business MJ thank you alright booster to
don't let me down there's nothing more
fun than taking a helicopter and a
skateboard home from the airport lucid
board saves the day again there's no way
I would have made it back if I didn't
have that boosted board I've got seven
minutes of shower then get out of here
and that gives me four minutes to get to
Francine's school orientation where
Candice is there waiting for me now
wish me luck we just left Francine
school orientation it was very cute and
a little sad he believes his in school
or in tiny toilets and tiny chairs and
tiny little things that kids have to
learn and play with tiny screwdriver
Francine lately has been sort of running
wild and the structure that schools
going to provide that kid is like the
timing could not be better I promise I
read it I read it you don't read the
stuff I'm the one that goes online
meeting all the time about what to do
Candice learned how to parent on Google
today I'm running late running late yes
how are you very well very well can we
help put anything all right that small
problem yes
