these double-decker buses they need to
learn to share the road
but eh
so what am I doing here in London
yeah I'm here to attend the GQ Men of
the Year a GQ Men of the Year awards at
dinner what does that mean I don't know
but judging by the niceness of this
hotel room it's a really really big deal
goodie bag for me of the gifts it's more
of a goodie box really a scarf a shaver
bottle of hooch I don't know if this is
but it's called the salt pig bag of
protein al a bag but I also have no idea
what that is
another shaver beer art shaving cream
Nando's gift card we don't even have
Nando's in the States but delicious
chicken some sort of skin care something
copy of Amy Schumer's new book pop horn
suitcase some minute
and this suitcase is filled with like
what kind of stuff all right that might
be one of the better gift bags I've ever
received
party tonight it's in a couple of hours
I wanted to get a run in and stuff but I
fell asleep so I'm gonna have a little
bit of coffee do a little bit of work
and hopefully have just enough time to
get out there and see a little bit of
London before I go to the event
I can say for a fact this is the first
time a boosted two has ever been written
in the streets of London
yeah sure oh my god you're on the mug
here this is amazing well you're on the
vlog now I always watch your video okay
do it thank you
okay that lovely young lady told me to
go this way through support twos got the
power
good old school dude I have like 10
minutes to race around what should I do
run down that way that's down to try to
square down that way
I don't know gotta remember to stay on
the left side of the road
big bang kids Parliament get Big Ben
common realize that we wish to present
you with the age of discovery of unique
venture the cocktail look at this like
custom cocktail they made for me it's
got a wax I mean I'm not gonna drink yet
but thank you
look at this it's a little coffin what
snacks in it what's your name Casey I'm
from New York City thank you thank you
Lehigh coming in saving the day I have
to be there like now I didn't have my
suit ready
Savoy you are on top of things all right
the concierge just called me from
downstairs
apparently there's a car waiting for me
which is great so I was planning on
walking and as much as I'd prefer to
walk I only have these studded slippers
to wear and they're like not the best
walking shoes I'm definitely gonna be
the least best-dressed person at this GQ
Affair dinner jacket all right now I'm
completely dressed and ready to go now
I'm not gonna bring my camera to this
because I don't think it's a probe I'm
just kidding of course I'm bringing my
camera
it is reality
good evening sir good evening you know
where you're taking me yes yeah
great how's your night Oh too bad
that is a scene
thank you Mike I'll see an event thank
you for everything
and that was the red carpet seems like
some interesting people here but I don't
know anybody here you know I'm from New
York City and this is London I feel like
I'm the only youtuber here everyone
seems super friendly though
okay I just found out my friend Connors
here and I'm psyched at least I have one
friend here
this is Connor you might remember him
you might remember him from previous
vlogs it's a long time ago I wish I was
sitting at your table
I'm in the bathroom now it's quite the
affair out there I think I might have to
give a speech tonight I'm woefully
unprepared I'm Stanley Tucci and I'm so
honored to be here tonight to host the
19th GQ Awards yes GQ magazine
Ricky huge amaze okay so here test it
out okay
okay so what's happening now are you
recording
come come find out I'll see you soon the
shoes the bags
the clothes are unusual they're fine
here's the Serta offices of the a
Kathryn Harris the GQ Spanish man is
mister
sorry I'm on an airplane I'm editing
this video right now and I didn't have
my camera for this next part and I like
watching it back and just now realizing
what a huge deal this is and I feel like
I didn't tap through what a big deal it
was for me in the anyway this is a he
this was like the biggest deal of my
entire like YouTube
thanks gqueues new media star is facing
that step
a couple of years ago I had a television
show on HBO and I put my kid it was 10
at the time in the show but I remember
I've heard premier die I asked him I
said Owen did your friends at school see
you in the show and he said dad my
friends don't watch TV and I was led to
the big step back in my career and we
would they watch when he explained to
you I wrote it down and I decided to do
just that so thank you very much I got
this for making videos and putting them
on the Internet
I say that not from a place of arrogance
I just end this video by saying that
because I click the same upload button
that everyone else can click and that is
like a beautiful wonderful thing that
never existed before we all have access
to the same things and if we leverage
those tools correctly like I have was on
a stage tonight with Elton John that's
insane
so I won the Man of the Year socially
but Joe here won
Olympic gold congratulate shave ice
doughnuts to be on the vlog and share
the company as well
you know I just make youtube videos you
wanna in gold medal
