I want to give a tiny a bit of context
to this interview I want to explain why
did this interview and and how this
interview came to be Logan Paul has had
an outsized impact on the YouTube
community his actions affect the entire
community and while this is true of all
big creators Logan Paul in in general
and the size of his audience have
amplified the consequences of his bad
decisions there was a sense of shame and
embarrassment around a lot of the
YouTube community after the suicide
forest video and and all the the fallout
from the negative press because of the
suicide forest video and in the
aftermath of that Logan did some
interviews and Logan released some
videos explaining himself but I know
that I was left with a lot of questions
questions about his intent and why he
did what he did and you know he still
has this enormous audience on YouTube
what are his plans what are his
intentions moving forward so a couple of
weeks ago when he contacted me about a
documentary he's currently making about
his life on YouTube I obviously had a
lot of questions but I told him that I
would be willing to do the interview for
his documentary provided he'd be willing
to come here and sit with me so I could
interview him on my channel and to his
credit to Logan's credit he agreed and
he agreed that nothing would be
off-limits and he also encouraged me to
challenge him he he he wanted it to be
an honest and hard interview so those
are the circumstances surrounding it
that's how it came to be and it's now
been a full week since I did the
interview and to be totally honest I
wasn't sure I'm still not sure if
releasing it is the right thing I I
Harbor a lot of self-doubt about maybe I
was too easy on him I mean maybe I was
too argumentative with him
the things I hope to learn my very
specific intention with this interview
was to see if he was sincere about what
he's trying to accomplish with this
documentary or if the whole thing is
just a charade for good PR and now I
feel like watching this interview over
and over and over I still I don't know I
there's a little bit of me that thinks
maybe I'm enabling Logan he and I have
known each other for years we've always
been friendly and by putting this on my
channel am I now part of the machine to
rehabilitate his image it's not what I
want to do that is not my intention but
could this be viewed as that I I don't
know so I hope that this interview will
help the community better understand why
he did the really stupid things that he
did and if he's now truthful and sincere
about wanting to have a positive impact
on the platform the platform that he and
his really stupid really terrible
decisions and actions did so much damage
to so I'm I'm really seeing and this
video is not monetized this video is
also not edited this is the entire 30
minute conversation that I had with
Logan Paul one week ago
so let me start I just want to ask what
is this documentary yeah so I mentioned
in one of my vlogs and there's been a
lot of speculation on what people think
it is the doc is not a it's not a
documentary about how dang hard my life
has been this year it's about the story
of a young man from Ohio a seemingly
regular kid being me of course falling
into the social medium machine over the
past four years building an audience
garnering false power through views
which equates to money which equates to
against success and then essentially
losing it all overnight becoming the
most hated man in the world in the snap
of a finger so the question that the doc
answer is how do you recover from that
can you recover from that me sitting you
with you right now
I'm in the journey right now with you
like will is it possible for Logan Paul
to make a comeback or am I going to be a
failed youtuber and fall and crawl into
a hole like half the world wants me to
do is you know just ask directly
is this a fluff piece to make people
feel better about Logan Paul no no not
at all this it's it's from making
content throughout the years I try to be
as unbiased as possible and when you say
fluff piece like what because like a
 video it's just like look ride
that you should feel bad here's a way to
characterize it is the video about how
you've learned to better empathize with
others or is the video about making it
easier for people to sympathize with you
um I don't I don't think people should
can or will sympathize with me let's be
honest Casey like what I did it there's
no distracting people there's no well
here's what I tried to do and this is
why it's okay there's none of that
it's an unbiased objective story
that captures how something like that
can happen and what what went wrong in
my life that I thought that was a good
idea because at the end of the day I'm
the one who has to look in the mirror
and say that was my decision and that's
that's a hard thing to do is even like
hard talking about it right now with you
because up until that point in my life I
I it was really only winds it was only
success it was only consistent growth
and and everything was going so well and
I got so caught up with my actions being
validated by millions of people I forgot
to be a human being in that situation
and instead decided to be a content
creator and that's where I messed up do
you
it's are even in there there's a little
even in that response there was like
maybe I'm being cynical but there's a
little whiff of it sounding like you see
yourself in some capacity as a victim no
I know by no means am I the victim here
and I guess it's it's sort of tough
because I want to make it very clear I
am I am not the victim here by no means
and everything I say I do need to not
word it like that because I'm I'm not
the victim what I'm not afraid to do
though is be vulnerable about this and
open up and say by no means by no means
I know what I did was disgusting it was
it was wrong it was an extreme obviously
lapse in judgment like I've said but by
no means am I am I the victim or
claiming to be the victim do you would
you characterize this is a redemption
story
it's an attempted redemption story is
what it is that's it are we still
talking about the doc yeah I mean that's
what it is that's what like again
will I come back I say yes that's what
this what the doc is about the story is
is it not how long has it been since the
yeah
is it not is it not premature like it
before you can tell a redemption story
there has to be an act of redemption
true so what is that what is that what
is the act of redemption bin for Logan
Paul it's it's not been done yet that's
what the doc is about and like again
this whole the whole idea of the harlot
is crazy fine the whole the whole idea
of the doc is like we don't have plans
for it we don't plan on like profiting
off it if if we if we are gonna monetize
it if I don't know I don't know cuz what
we want to do I've told stories my whole
life through a lens as have you so the
thought process is why why'd let someone
else make that story cuz someone's gonna
want to make that story people have
wanted to make that sort why let someone
else do it when I could just do it
myself and I know that if we do decide
to monetize it 100% of the proceeds will
go to some sort of suicide prevention
awareness program because that's that's
essentially what this whole thing is
about are you are you a different person
now than you were yeah absolutely
oh let me follow it up by because I've
heard you say that how have you
demonstrated that how have you not just
said but what have you done to
demonstrate that and are you even
sharper in saying that like a lot of
your content
I think the suicide video that you came
out with your first video back no really
demonstrated what your channel is
capable of and talking about something
bigger than just Logan Paul but there
hasn't been much since then there hasn't
been much that's demonstrated you're a
different person you talk about
positivity and being a different person
and changing the structure of the
channel and then it was days later
you're shooting a dead mouse so what
what had you done to demonstrate you
changed as a person the rat
the rat was right yeah the rat was that
was me becoming obsessed with the idea
of being a villain when when the whole
world hates you I just I made the
conscious decision I'm gonna I'm gonna
be the guy they think I am
and I essentially became the architect
of my own destruction
because I wanted to be who they thought
I thought I might as well adopt this
adopt this screw it and it wasn't that a
direct contradiction to everything you
just put out about how you're changing
and how you're a different person
yeah videos we're inside of a week yeah
I know but it to me
while I can still be a good person I'm
also still was possibly am the guy who
takes things to extremes that's I mean
that's that's who I am that's the brand
of Logan Paul it's the fastest the
biggest the best the greatest and but
and it's not that led you to the I mean
that's how you started this exactly I
mean that's that's everything is to the
extreme right so if I can make content
and I have been for four years for four
years making people laugh smile
believing themselves making them believe
that they can accomplish their goals
even if they're from a small town in
Ohio because I made these mistakes yes
I'm going to demonstrate more empathy
and more compassion but at the same time
I still have my brand and what saw thing
to me is that brand of living life on
the edge do you understand I I do but I
think it's sort of a convenient umbrella
to hold over everything so I think it
it's Noble when you talk about
motivating people I think it's it's I
think it's a noble ambition to want to
inspire and motivate people especially
someone like how you characterize
yourself and coming from being a normal
guy yeah but I think that like to use
that same to use that same pretext as
sort of justification
for you know killing a rat or well I
didn't kill the rat those circumstances
around that video or some of the other
more controversial sensational things
you've done running around Japan wearing
silly outfits yeah so that Union
sensitive to culture that's all part of
the same I want to address this cuz I'm
not gonna lie this is the the hardest
thing about all this is I think being
perceived as culturally insensitive as
far as the outfits go they were on sale
at a store right next to the temple that
we were at for tourists do we not buy
the outfits don't know if they're on
sale there and then deeper I mean that's
we could dive into the specifics of what
happened there's a difference between
culturally insensitive and insensitive
the brand that I was at the time was
just all-around insensitive and that's
the person who I am no longer trying to
become and will no longer represent on
the vlogs yeah and you think that that
has been the case with your content
since that moment till now there's this
looking ahead this okay so it's it's
this is looking ahead yes but because
you're right it's like I said those
things and then you go and taser that
rat what the what happen
did you just contradict everything and
the answer is again like you said yes
that's why it's hard for me because how
many times can you say one thing and
then try to be a better person but truly
now it's like I'm vegan now I got a
girlfriend who is extremely wise and she
helps me grow and become the person I
want to become my content is focused
more on positivity and doing what you
want to do to achieve your goals which
is all like I said it's always been that
but all that stuff is overlooked when
you make mistake or why
sensationalism clouds that it's like a
an eclipse if if that mission which
again I do think is noble but wanting to
motivate I don't I don't even want to
say it but when a moon comes in front of
it and that moon is a moon of
sensationalism that is harmful it clouds
out a completely black Wow what's what's
harmful I mean I think like the general
sort of disrespectfulness that comes
along with that kind of some true I
think that certainly everything that
sort of precipitated the suicide forest
incident or I think that the you know
like the the tasing of the rat and
myriad other just kind of the general
attitude that you characterize is living
on the edge
I think really clouds a lot of that much
more a much more meaningful in addition
of wanting to inspire true but I think
this is a good dovetail for a bigger
question that's that's that you and I
both identify with which isn't like the
pressure of being a youtuber of being a
daily vlogger of uploading every single
day of having to maintain that audience
get more views so you can get paid to
keep it going the focus on relevancy
that focus on the biggest Channel today
the most subscribers say like there are
pressures that come along with that
where you get this tunnel it's tunnel
vision yet and that's why you know in
2016 I stopped logging I remember you
you text me the day I stopped vlog
because I felt like I went to a place
where I was so caught up in that that I
was full of well I was gonna ask
you one question I have use have you
ever found yourself in a place where you
are being influenced by your success
rather than your creativity and did that
lead to your demise because that's what
happened to me I would probably push
back at the idea that had a demise but
certainly it contributed to my not one I
did two daily vlog I stopped an Aston
stuff like why am I doing this and I was
caught up in that tidal wave and that
sounds like I don't wanna do it
anymore and it's now my work is much
more about creative motivation it's much
less about like I don't care about use
fighting for Elephants he doesn't make
sense I don't care about that but I do
want to back up so I ask this question
because I want to understand where your
head was before you went into that
forest I don't want to beat that dead
horse you've said a lot about that
you've been open about that but I do
want to understand like where was your
brain leading where was the thought
process leading up into that I talking
about the day of like you were riding
away that I I think no one in the
history of YouTube had ever been on that
they haven't that's why when I wanted to
take you there
when I sit here and say that every day
we were creating a new piece of content
meant to bend the limit push it right up
to the edge be entertaining be funny be
positive spread a message we got so
caught up in creating that we did not
stop to think about what we were making
and whether or not it was right because
it you make it you put it out we were on
autopilot essentially which is it's it's
extremely dangerous when you're
broadcasting to an audience of five to
seven million people every day and so
there was no thinking there was it was
create content create content create
content not okay hey take a step back
slow down breathe so the time I would be
a human being that meet this mission of
wanting to inspire and motivate like do
you believe that or is that
because if that's if that mission is the
same as this this momentum this
autopilot where's the distinction
between wanting to do good and wanting
to you know looking for sensationalism
that will drive clicks I'm not I'm not
sure I understand the question
I also do want to say I'm not well-liked
while the underlying mission is always
that you can you should you achieve it's
okay to be different
it's I'm not that's not what my channel
is entirely about it's a combination of
that and it is entertainment it's a
light-hearted comedy essentially that's
what it is I just think those two things
in conflict with one another essentially
yeah and that's why I'm a brand that's
that's who Logan Paul is because I do
bridge the gap between being like a
motivational speaker
kids and standing on a stage in front of
300 people but also like hey I am a
 kid I'm 23 years old 22 years
old at the time and if I want to go jump
out of a plane naked I'm gonna
do it but at the same time you can work
hard and achieve your anybody ever want
to do anything anybody ever faulted
Logan Paul for jumping out of a plane
naked no that's all I'm saying but I
could give you a list of like I jumped
off a bridge into the river in Italy
is that culturally insensitive is saying
Mamma Mia in Italy culturally
insensitive I don't I would argue that
it's just insensible but jumping on the
hood of a car in Japan is and culturally
it is yeah
jumping on the hood of a car in Japan is
culturally insensitive dressed as a
pokemons throwing a Pikachu at the car I
I absolutely think why do you think
that's insensitive well I mean
culturally culturally insensitive
I think that's insensitive but the fact
that it's being pinpointed to be
culturally insensitive when I do that
 did did that everywhere that's
hard for me that's hard for me to hear
and listen to I mean
without getting into too much nuance
you're the culture of Pokemon is very
much woven into the culture of Japanese
culture yeah you were dressed up as a
character from a Japanese pop cult you
were dressed as a Japanese pop culture
sort of icon as Pikachu so like I do
think that there is a connection there
well but Kasey they sell the outfits in
Japan I understand I understand that do
you Casey
cuz I saw I don't know I don't agree
with you but I I don't agree with me I
want to make that clear
I don't I don't agree with me or think
what I did was right I'm just saying
there's a difference between being
culturally insensitive insensitive
towards a culture and overall
insensitivity which is what the old
Logan Paul had an issue with and had a
problem with and is now today what I'm
working to not do ever again I just
think you were both of those things okay
okay but let me ask you took a month off
yeah and talking about that autopilot
that
mentum and I get that dude I was been
have been there how did that month off
help you empathize and understand both
the criticism coming at you which was
like insane never seen anything like it
yeah and then how did that like what did
you learn in that month off so during
the month off it was a lot of meeting
talking to visiting Ashley came to New
York for a couple days
suicide prevention organizations
organizations about mental health and
finding out what it what it truly is
like to have suffered from depression or
know someone with depression or even
know someone that has died by suicide
because that ain't it's just it's just
bad cuz this that's crazy Rose New York
sorry the sirens here at the office are
just unbearable um this is what I had
that mother up there okay are you so you
can see when they're passing dude I mean
I have hours of footage of me just
cursing the world um
but continue you tell you you did you
invested time in meeting with people
yeah and to this day to this day the guy
who is uh in my suicide be here tomorrow
video at Kevin Hines I text him every
single day and we we want to do
something together in the in the future
obviously I'm focused on this fight
right now that's my number one mission
but the month off was a step for me to
once again become a human being and
forget about views money success and
clout and it was a chance for Logan Paul
to be like okay this this this is why
this is wrong because I had never been
like I said in the video affected my
suicide I don't know I didn't I didn't
know
what it what it means to know some are
loose someone who has died by suicide so
it was an attempt for me to discover
that and once again like I said a
million times right now become an actual
human being and after after that video
dropped I guess it's like did did did he
give you an appreciation for the cuz
that video I think had a very important
message behind it was a I like that
video I tweeted that I liked that video
and I'm gonna get for it but did it show
you sort of the demonstrate to you that
your channel is capable of so much more
and your reach is capable and your voice
is capable of so much more than just
sensationalism views yes but I mean but
I I don't want to say I didn't know that
I just was doing the wrong thing with
with that capability I was I wasn't
putting out PSAs like that it's it's the
most viewed suus anti-suicide PSA ever
and it was groundbreaking for me to
realize it's it is possible for me to
create a piece of content that can
change that many lives I will say what
we did in that video was the attempt
with the forest video beginning middle
and end I made it very clear that it is
okay to feel ostracized and alone what's
not okay is holding those feelings in
and that I truly believe quote-unquote
that every person has a place on this on
this earth but we did that in such the
wrong way we tried to shock it into
people versus showing and demonstrating
it's my telling and hard to believe that
that's what the suicide forest video was
about when you guys are laughing and
smiling and just the thing that bothered
me the most about the video was your
excitement exercise you were excited to
have found a dead body not not really
this is oh this is this is what I
watched it that was the emotion that I
was that I that I took you from you and
your Posse you guys felt like we've got
something here that's going to get us
views at the beginning of the video is
like something you've never seen on
YouTube before that is what affected me
the most about that video
because I understand that mission and I
do think your your suicide video really
accomplished that but if you're gonna
conflate the two then I just have to I
have to tell you why I don't I don't I
don't agree with that complaint okay
okay let's let's I want to hear about I
want to talk about the fight
what what is the fight you're fighting
ksi sorry dude it's just it is brothers
fight you don't want to move on you
dream or you want to know just because
yeah the laughing is it's a defense
mechanism for me that's what it is
absurd you say that do you believe it um
I believe it when you're saying it but I
don't believe that you expect people the
eight million people that saw it video
for say you know to understand within
those contexts that you were just
laughing at as a defense mechanism like
I think that there's there's intent and
and then there's there's actuality and
there's a saying it's like the the road
to hell is paved in intent because if
all that really matters is what
transpired and what transpired is you
and your your peers your friends
laughing and snickering and and making
light of a human being who had died and
I think that your intent in that moment
is irrelevant all I see is
what's actually transpiring
I tried to move on from this and talking
about the Box English man I just like I
know I just understand it's it's hard
for me to listen to someone to my face
tell me that I was laughing at the guy
I'm telling you how I hired a nurse in
my perspective I understand I just I've
met unique no you're not you're not
unique you you do represent the voice of
the people which is what I'm learning to
I guess be vulnerable about I just like
it was never my intent to come off like
I was laughing or joking about Seuss I
said suicide it's not a joke three times
in the video because it's it's clearly
not it I never thought it was I just
used comedy when I'm uncomfortable or I
don't know what to do when there's a
lens on me and my actions are
essentially being validated by five to
seven million people and no one around
around me is telling me hey that's not
okay
I understand that I understand I just
excuses never validate yeah truth truth
and your answers may be valid but it
doesn't excuse the action does not at
all and I'm like I said ashamed
deplorable mistake and the only thing
that I want to do right now is show that
that video was not a representation of
Who I am who I will become and who I
want to be I appreciate that
we talked about the plate now yeah sure
we can talk about these well because
he's turned off after 30 minutes keeping
an eye on them what is what is your
fighting que si what is the true what is
the fight i'ma beat his ass I'm a big
boxer I've been boxing for like 12 years
I don't like to step into the ring
because I don't want to get hit I value
my brain too much but just if all I had
to rely on was his face love and I
wouldn't go very far I need the brain
okay okay what is this
um why is this happen that's essentially
ksi he called me out he called my
brother out and I accepted the fight I'm
always up for a challenge I thought
honestly for me having that event happen
in January this was a way to step back
from the world of YouTube and stop
worrying about the views the money the
clout all that went down I haven't
grown on Instagram in six months
literally at all and focus my efforts on
something else so I can become a
different guy this is like the boxing
win for me is showing people that even
if you fail even if you get knocked to
the ground even if if you feel like
you're at the lowest point of your life
you can get up and do something and
still win do you think that the fight is
part of the redemption story do you see
the finest part yeah yeah absolutely
absolutely because it's it's not about a
fight it's not about the boxing match
itself like I said it's about being able
to get hit in the face whether they're a
result of your own actions or not in my
case they are I'm the one who up
but I'm willing to say ok this is the
mistake I made
I'm gonna keep my chin up I'm gonna keep
moving forward no matter how many people
want me to crawl in a hole and die
forever I'm not gonna do that you can
fail and still come back and still keep
on going and still win so you're Jake's
Deji ksi they've been cranking out
content every day yeah it's like
trash-talking I've seen them at the
press conference is just being vicious
they've just been non-stop and with
exceptions it feels like you've been a
little bit more reserved yeah including
like the press conference in in London
where after ksi just really got gnarly
with his you know with his with his
verbal exchange like he went to a really
crazy place you just
got up and walked out is this is this
you being like frustrated or is this
part of the new Logan Paul it's the new
Logan Paul it's I have no interest in
bantering back and forth with someone
who is the exact person that I'm trying
not to become and stay away from by
degrading woman by going after my family
in a in in a manner that is intended to
harm he's I don't I don't have any
interest in that the goal for me here is
to beat him on August 25th not talk
about how I'm gonna beat him not talk
about his family or talk about what I'm
gonna do to his girlfriend the goal is
to win a fight and I just I was over it
like I as soon as I walked in the press
conference I was like okay this I'm just
over the top Casey to be honest it's all
it's all Fugazi Fugazi this time to
fight this fight words right there um
all right and then I I guess like a big
question I have for you is like I don't
know how to say it up there's a lot of
like a lot of YouTube community was
upset after a lot of you know the
negativity around Logan Paul because
they thought you sort of besmirched what
it meant to be a youtuber Yeah right
rightfully so I guess it's like what do
you say to that how do you respond to
that huh is there a response for that um
I mean to my fellow creators like
wholeheartedly I mean I apologized
already but I am sorry that I I guess
brought shame upon the platform is if
that's how I want to word it that's why
I say I guess is why I have to be so
careful we're like how I talk but that's
that's obviously not the person who I
want to become or live in the body Oh
for the rest of my life and just like I
made a mistake I promise I will do the
community well and keep my head up and
keep on trucking in
ring light to YouTube but obviously
Casey it's it's horrible to see your
peers sure and rightfully so because of
my own actions like I just felt bad
again I apologize for it I'll apologize
for it a thousand times I don't want to
sit here and be a sob story for the rest
of my life so so then and and this will
I want to end it with this but I want to
ask what's next for Logan Paul but I
want to ask within the context of like
understanding your resume now has some
some some dirty marks on it understand
that you you carry this bag it's and
there's no getting rid of it where do
you go from here in the world of me
what's your where does where do you want
to be in ten years and how are you
accomplish that having to lug around
these you know these chains forever
I think Hollywood I think America in
general is it's they love Redemption
stories they it's it's a story for me my
life is now a story about someone who
was winning someone who self imploded
and was like I said the architect of
their own destruction and struggle and
vulnerability and now it's being able to
say this is a part of my life and I want
to become better I don't want to let my
mistakes to find me I think a person is
defined by how they recover from their
mistakes and what's next for me is
honestly probably just content creation
businesses I can answer this question
with a hundred things but all that
 matters to me right now is to
fight August 25th get your tickets
Lincoln bye all right thank you thank
you for doing this entire interview
without plugging your merge once have a
shove BM I do I do appreciate your
frankness and I appreciate Logan didn't
see any of my questions beforehand I
didn't bring any of this up so I I
thanks for doing a straight interview
yeah of course thanks Casey thank you
