the hell is going on here he's still
having a fun time
Saturday morning 7:00 a.m. frankestein
are finishing up our work oh yeah yeah
I'm almost done too
are you doing y'all play back daddy
Wow okay all set okay there we go
let's sit over here yeah Francine is
gonna be a great Runner someday and a
great climber a really great climber
nice job
afternoon run while the babies down for
her nap
that girl has no idea how to drive a
jetski
I'm four miles into my run I'm freezing
cold
how does the universe know when it's the
first weekend in September and then it
turns the temperature all the way down
solid eight mile run you know people ask
you Candace I never fight and the answer
is yes the thing we fight over the most
often is this right here when I say I'm
gonna go for a quick run and I'll be
right back and then I'm gone for like an
hour hour 10 minute just got back in the
run both the girls are gone I'm gonna go
find him trying out this barbeque
restaurant we've never been to so far
smashing success they give us these
things for Francine to play with and she
loves them it's called blue smoke yeah
and what else can we say flattering
about that place it's a sugar cookie
that the kid decorates and then they
bake it and then after once she gets eat
the sugar cookie did she me nice job
nice job Francine say cheese smile smile
go peepee
how long do you I could sleep in this
chair until they send me out of the
store
the whole day so Francine starts school
in a couple of weeks and they have very
strict dress code for buying our fresh
clothes for school
Candace brought a margarita and a
plastic cup into the baby store I have
your plastic cup here Candace there's no
food is perfect parties in school we
have to buy a book to give to the class
so that she knows what it means to give
something on her birthday I'm just
guessing but no food
a new fitness tracker it's charging now
expect a comprehensive oh speaking of
comprehensive reviews I got to go meet
Candace right now it's we're gonna go
look at this new community center but
this shiny new boosted to is just
burning a hole in my is just burning a
dying to ride this thing as soon as is
appropriate where I'm not abandoning my
family I'm getting out there on this
this thing is vast ass
what's up man good
not sure what's going on but there are a
lot of people around here I haven't
figured out what's going on here but
it's like 5 o'clock on the Saturday
afternoon and there's some really
fantastic fashion going on what is going
on here why so little dress just
everybody here
children are Barbados talk to me about
the fashion because it's amazing they're
pretty close that's the Caribbean and
was making on the Caribbean
in the Caribbean so everyone's just like
me give ba ba have fun I'm gonna come to
your party next time you should not
invite you please do right I wish I were
going to that party
this is a holiday weekend here in the
United States of America it's called
Labor Day weekend the last weekend of
the summer so no one has to work on
Monday and everybody just like gets
outside and loves life and the beauty of
being in the city on this weekend is
that everyone who lives in the city
actually leaves the city so when you're
here it's just like people who want to
be here or I have nowhere else to go and
there's such like such energy and
positivity and so many parties happening
in like I skateboarded past a dozen
barbecues and like fan of dudes on jet
skis and like a biker gang but instead
of bikes they're on jet skis after being
out of the city for so long this is like
the ultimate weekend to come back and
just be here and just in love this city
I'm gonna get you
and this is where my great Saturday in
New York City and chasing friends seen
around the park during sunset with that
sunset it's amazing look at that baby
what we're in the baby's when the baby
store and Francine does not want to get
out of the baby crib
come on let's get out
