is there anything more awkward in life
than being in a hot tub with two
strangers
really
last night we took off in a lightning
storm and this morning we're landing in
a lightning storm this is my second time
in Panama in the last year I'm only here
this morning for like 45 minutes and
then I got to get out another plane
taking advantage of like that 25-minute
round right here they've got great
internet
all right getting back on another plane
next stop Cartagena Colombia I have
never been to the city before there is
nice
he's too popular
that's me
yes this is this is the hotel thank you
alright I'm not gonna because if you
wreck wasn't dangerous but how fun are
you to fly the drone in here but I'm not
gonna oh my yeah I am so excited about
being here in Colombia but I'm just
realizing some some numbers here it's
11:25 right now I'm being picked up in
my hotel here at 1:30 and then at 1:30
they're taking me to where like the
event is and I've got to do a talk in
press and media and all this stuff and
I'm super excited about those things
that's why I'm here in the first place
but what it also means that I don't
really have a whole lot of time to
explore parking hey Mia or even like
spend any time on this dope beach or
even anytime to swim in this ridiculous
multi-tiered swimming pool alright maybe
I found a little time to swim in the
pool because come on look at this pool
even that bird loves this pool
broke both my ankle so like an hour ago
I tweeted to see if anybody in cart -
hey you wanted to show me around and no
one's got back to me but I did get some
interesting ideas for things to do it
right free time that's not like 45
minutes sound like 10 second clip or on
the hanging upside down and ease drink
honestly felt like I was drowning a
little jet shooting out water going
right up my nose and into my mouth I
couldn't breathe I hope the shot was
funny and to meet the organizers at 1:30
and it's currently 501 at 35 minutes
what's your name Casey what's your name
Freddy Freddy Freddy nice stuff yeah
that's my last name
yeah Alex day okay do you think we can
make it to the old city and back and a
half an hour yeah and I won't yeah
alright let's do it
what should upon there I'm inside you go
city I don't know I think a picture yeah
alright Freddy I only have this
afternoon in your beautiful city here do
you like it I love it but I leave
tonight
yeah more anymore no I cancelled that
flight yeah I leave today 35 Frank de
Cinco minutos Laura and yeah I want to
see some magic
alluring
there you have dangerous is it here not
much the danger you know and saw a guy
at the hotel sit down and then a guy at
the beach with a gun and then a guy at
the park arrives with a gun and then out
a lot of guns yeah yeah that again yeah
I was no problem here no danger okay my
CDs are good the same bullet if you like
the same so no trouble yeah I left no
trouble no trouble this is a wall this
is a kilometer around to the old city
maybe the building over there is the San
Felipe foot press Wow there's some
philippic castle all right so this this
is going to be my five minute tour of
the old city up here walk your friends
head to the wall
Wow look how big this wall is yeah
ready to go Freddie
all right okay and thus concludes Casey
and Freddie's 5-minute tour aerial tour
of the old city
how we doing on time
and this is us yeah all right I'll see
you a minute
all right you later all right I've got
like two minutes to get changed and then
they've got me for the rest of the
afternoon doing press interviews and
mean greets and all kinds of other
exciting things and that's before I give
my presentation so I've got a very busy
and like professional afternoon coming
up and of course that's after sleeping
like two hours on an airplane button my
shirt wrong no big deal no big deal I'm
psyched I've got a really good
presentation prepared for this afternoon
this this is the convention center here
where I'm going to be doing my talk it
is so humid out right now that the lens
is all blurry
this is just gonna have to be this soft
focus episode there are a lot of
questions in the comments yesterday
about what are these talks that I do how
do i do them why do i do them what do i
talk about yesterday in brazil i was
talking about online marketing in
mainstream traditional media versus new
media today's event called and econ here
in colombia is much more of a business
industry event where they're talking
about but they're talking about
information technologies and everything
in between
they invite me to these things because
my background in in television and then
feature films and then in journalism and
then in technology and all of these
different trajectories that my career
has taken me on has provided me with a
perspective that the kinds of people
that attend these events want to hear
from honor of being invited to these
like great events for you to travel to
like exotic countries and i come here
and i connect with like a huge audience
to speak to them about all kinds of
stuff
one question that I saw like a thousand
times was do I get paid for these well
yes and no for academic lecturers like
last year I spoke at Yale I was invited
to speak at Harvard this year and and I
spoke at MIT to students in their MBA
program those kinds of things like no I
don't get I don't get paid for those
sorts of things but ones that are more
for profit ones that people actually pay
admission to sometimes I do get paid and
that's amazing but all of them almost
without exception always pay for my
travel that helped me get there so it
really is like an awesome excuse to
travel and then when I get to wherever
I'm going it's a great way to engage
with like people from the other side of
the planet who are doing something
similar to what I do that's what today's
it's almost time I give my presentation
we're gonna do some press interviews now
thank you for filming
thank you guys I hope that went well
Freddie I wish you came to the
presentation I think it went well
excellent yeah I think it was good I
really think this afternoon went well
those things are always so exciting for
me I'm looking outside contemplating
what to do I have a dinner invitation on
the table but I think dudes dudes with
machine guns on that bridge they seem
like nice guys they had huge machine
guns though Lamia
all right this is gonna be my turnaround
spot I went pretty far it's dark out but
it's just amazing here wow I just got
wet that behind me is the ocean and then
there's the city wow my hotel about
three and a half miles that way
lift out butch up okay see can I be in
the book you're in the water house do
more work hard
Roger skateboard I love Columbia I must
have lost 10 pounds on that run and me
finishing here at the pool was not an
accident really just a great one I love
running in heat
this this is the fortress San Felipe I
was supposed to go straight to the
airport but Freddie here Freddie who is
by far the MVP of the trip to Carter
Hannah took me out a little sightseeing
tour look at that fortress
thank you for everything good to meet
you I'll call you next time I'm in car -
Hannah okay bye-bye Freddie of all the
amazing things I could recommend for you
to do while here in a car tehina
meeting Freddie would be number one and
that is what 12 hours in cartagena
colombia looks like I wish I had had
more time but considering the
circumstances I feel like I got a pretty
good experience in in a short amount of
time fantastic City how many episodes
this week have ended with me going to
sleep on an airplane
still on my run but there's this
somewhat what our described as an
unprotected hole in the running path
here see this hole that's like 10 feet
okay
just uh just something to remember watch
out for the holes
