freaking out totally morning
didn't really have time for a run this
morning can do a long run this afternoon
gonna use this hotel gym for the woods
they're picking me up in like four and a
half minutes I gotta I gotta get out of
here
they are waiting for the valence tears
now we go to where the event is which I
have not been to yet and then I my
speaking my talking my session is that
like 11 o'clock and it's 9:45 right now
so it's uh it's go time
I accidentally knocked over a glass last
night it was an accident these things
happened guys ready yeah this is like a
bigger day for you that is for me
testing my computer and presentation now
but everything looks on the up-and-up
Celia see what the crowd looks like I'm
freaking out why I don't know man I'm
just freaking out just you wanna come
onstage with a dog this is the green
room I mean it's like it's like white in
here but I don't get to Paul the room
but you hang out and before you go out
there the green room regardless of what
color it is I always make it a priority
and pour anything I have some alone time
before I go out on stage from for my top
this coffee cup is a joke because
there's always people wanting to talk to
you and there's there's a lot of action
going on a lot of distractions at a time
when you need focus the most there is
some irony in the fact that at the time
when you need the most focus is the time
when there are the most distractions are
going to prepare and then my talk is in
like 15 minutes
it's go time
I got your talk
keep an eye on that while I'm out here
yeah buddy thank you thank you i play
movies like my movies during
representation and they're watching a
movie right now I'm like 25 minutes into
it's going pretty well
just about over I'm playing my last
video now then we do it fresh Steven
answers and then that's the whole thing
how do you think one man was amazed
now I'm not chewing my pants and I think
if I kid the archetypes awesome I've
actually never tell
it's a lot was a pleasure nice to meet
you thanks a lot I'll see you later
thank you very good
my guys this is this gray is a really
great audience Kevin and those guys they
really loves you may examine you it
really was very exciting for me I think
that went really really well
back at the hotel out for like two
seconds at lunch now this place is legit
edits he spent like three days now
stress is a girl supposed to be that guy
was just really nice strong brazilian
lunch I got it I go to sleep or take a
nap or something I'm falling apart if I
were ever to be in a superhero movie the
villain the superhero the villain for
the movie would be some sort of villain
that like who's like evil superpower is
just email email is my arch-nemesis how
do you get like 70 emails a day that all
require response
it's the biggest like time vampire like
sucking the life out of my neck that
exists in my entire career sitting in
this hotel room doing emails and look
what's outs
I literally ended my presentation this
morning to 1,700 people by asking if
there are anyone in the audience who
wanted to go for a run with me this
afternoon and a guy named Gabriel was
like yeah I'll take you on a run this is
Gabe is it Gabe or Gabriel both which
one do you prefer that Gabriel okay
Gabriel where are you taking oh and then
this is Jeff okay where are you taking
us run it we going up the mountain to
the corners of Bellwood is don't you
better do don't you by the ways means
it closes at 5:00 yeah apparently the
park is closed we're gonna run through
this neighborhood instead I'm not
leaving anything out guys no that's it
that's it yeah all right here we go
the name of this city is Belo
horizonte's ladies election that means
beautiful Verizon in poor T's this is
the final stretch here the last like
three miles straight uphill what
happened you how did you get a ride in
the cop car okay thank you what the cops
just said no it's just like hey my
gringo friend left me that you guys gave
me the right really in the end we got
like six miles for coconuts and riding a
cop car
this is your mom's car yeah I feel bad
for this cars gonna stink when you give
it back oh my god man you know how bad
if you put that in a vlogging one of my
brother's show her smells like a middle
school locker open the windows in you oh
and the windows
thank you thank you good right maybe
I'll see you later
yeah all right it's late tired I'd like
to just take it easy for the rest of the
night
I just wanted to take a nap all right
never had to wear this much safety gear
to go go-karting before and it's all
broken
these neck collars are mandatory also
mandatory gloves I just noticed
something kind of curious which is that
my fuel cap is not on the fuel tank
don't worry guys I got this these are
these goofballs here they're all
Brazilian youtubers they make like
soccer like football videos
I just want to share one thing with you
now you know I'm no stickler for safety
I write nowhere for a skateboard through
the streets of New York City but there
has to be a line and this go-kart track
crosses that line this hairpin turn
right here if you overshoot the turn you
go and you crash into a concrete corner
that's it look then these things are
gas-powered they'll just explode do you
guys get dizzy how was it it's a bowl
man yeah he always wears this mask so
don't be don't be scared
yeah I'll link his channel below if you
want if you're curious dead last three
laps behind I tried I tried getting
dizzy out there man
I'm gonna go nice to meet you I'll see
you on the Internet it's good to meet
you ah to meet you man yeah see you
later all right till next time guys
and really eating all day
what an awesome time in Brazil all right
all packed up did my fabulous hotel room
it is now 11:35 p.m. and I'm headed to
the airport
brain
take it off the trailer
