I ran ten miles this morning Candice and
Casey the wedding video I got back two
days ago yesterday in today with the
baby this morning I dropped off Francine
and Candice and Candace's mother at the
airport Candice and the baby are going
north
Candace's mother's going west and
tonight I'm flying south for those of
you who are new around here I took my
first vacation in like two years last
week the wife and I went on this great
trip it was fantastic
we left the baby with kandace's mom who
by the way now has a South African
accent
compliments of Candice's mom this this
is called dolly here in America we call
her dolly in South Africa they call her
doli Italy and stuff you know I'll do a
whole recap videos I did shoot some
video this this is not the recap video
that's our boat
where I struggle and I'm you really
struggle where I struggle is when it
comes to doing nothing when it comes to
relaxing two days so two days will be
183 94 and tomorrow will be 248 61 from
one that finds on the lips keep on going
just keep alright and then I got this
heavy one okay this is the big one he's
a nobody
No okay okay 58 59 pounds thank you very
much for I leave this house I don't
think so
so I'm going to the International
Airport okay sue yeah that's me okay
thank you very much sir
this is where today's episode began
literally me saying bye to Candace right
here that's everything thank you very
much sir nice to meet you right that
uber driver had the best tasting music
of any / driver I've ever had
getting get some snacks and then I'm
gonna go to the lounge and then up get
and I want it so bad but I'm not gonna
do it a Cinnabon before a long flight
it's just asking for trouble I think
this is like a nine-hour flight but when
I get there I have to transfer to a
smaller plane for like another two-hour
flight all in all it's like another 12
hours of flying or something like that
whenever I go from traveling with
Candice to traveling alone it really
makes me miss the girl tacos pizza
bagels salad Chinese I'm gonna go with
salad nut because I walk salad but
because it's the right thing to do thank
you very much there's this passage
there's this passage I tore it out of
Newsweek magazine the article is about
people who work until like they're 90
years old this is a quotation from a 74
year old doctor who works 80 hours a
week and he does heart transplants and
what he said is there's no reason to
stop if you're constantly thinking new
thoughts and dealing with new problems
it refreshes your brain cells and makes
new connections that is really like when
I first started doing daily I have this
whole like thesis that pontificate about
and the underlying premise is that if I
have to constantly every day and make
something new it will keep me thinking
and keep the brain going and this
vacation was all about relaxation and I
was just like sitting around doing
nothing and like the neurons weren't
firing I was like literally getting
frustrated because I had to relax
I totally lost track of time
I never leaked the II definitely the
gate right now yes it was great to have
the week off
sleeping in was magical getting drunk
every night with Candice and I'm to
think about the uploads all that was
great but making videos every day is
like this sense of purpose it gives me
this it's like what I do it defines me
it's Who I am
and when I stop doing that even
differently when I stopped doing that I
felt like there's trusted around
questioning myself like what like what
do I have to show for today it without
my blog the answer was nothing
well super late thank you ladies
bye-bye Rushmore is one of my favorite
movies and there's a scene of Rushmore
when Herman bloom says to max Fischer
says max what's the secret what's the
secret back the secret you seem together
pretty figure it out I think you just
got to find something you love to do and
then do it for the rest of your life I
mean it's going to Rushmore YouTube
YouTube is my Rushmore
