holiday
you're not bothered by luggage it's
situational care I'm so happy to be on
holiday and no work and no baby and no
fucking cell phone right
yesterday started out great it was a
great day then both of our flights were
like canceled we got a different flight
and instead of going to where were we
supposed to go we ended up going to
Dusseldorf where do we go we're not
going to Frankfort for we got here this
morning the flight attendant dumped an
entire hot tub of coffee on Candace
should have known it was gonna be a
rough day
Alecto cleaners now saw them safely -
thank you
then they lost our luggage if I were you
yeah
and just so you know that luggage was
everything all we brought in our
carry-on was like are you freaking out
it spent so much time copying it like
arranging everything frustrating right
just gonna get wasted make the problems
go away we took a taxi cab to this ship
where we had to like check in and
whatnot that was actually the highlight
of the day cuz we went and checked out
the room in our ship I had well thank
you how do they possibly get this here
oh my god I just asked for the phone
yeah they showed you know how to make a
guy feel special whoo here this here it
is hmm then we were on a mission and we
only have like an hour to buy all new
clothes for this entire week so far I've
found flip-flops
we're gonna do is ridiculous look we're
all the way in Italy and I bought
clothes Venetian and in the end we
actually got all the clothes we should
need Canada's got a bathing suit and
that great hat I do wanna have time
honey
but whatever we're on the boat now which
brings me to the point of this whole
movie which is to announce that well I'm
not giving up daily vlogging I don't
think I just like I need a break I think
today is my 530 fourth day in a row
where I've uploaded a video and I've
uploaded like five hundred and fifty
videos or something like that in those
five hundred and thirty something days
like that's crazy and when I was booking
this trip the first trip that me and
this one took since the baby was born
like a proper vacation I said to her I'm
not gonna daily vlog it and Candice
actually encouraged me to daily vlog it
so I want to take this week off I want
to take this week no vlogging I hope you
don't forget about me hope you don't
forget about Candice I asked for this
duck dark chocolate ice on give me the
poopoo chocolate sounds like excuse me
can you please give me the poopoo
chocolate on top because you made a
mistake but I said it in a really nice
way just taste the chocolate the doctor
if you don't eat it all cuz I want it
fuck the best one will be back probably
in like a week or something very excited
for what's to come in the meantime we'll
be on this here boat if you see us
