it's it's a
whoa like that hot sticky sweaty wet
slimy day today in New York City the
city's not so fun when it's raining up
can't do anything the paint stripping
gum and it drives the pants pretty
quickly fell then one spot for too long
my pants will literally catch on fire
now I'd like to have just a little bit
of a heart-to-heart with you if that's
up oh what's up I was just about to have
like a heart-to-heart no you saved yeah
you look good dad it's easy to like
brush off bad YouTube comments like
people make fun of you people tell you
your videos suck people say unsub
because I didn't get all that stuff it
just rolls off your shoulder when you've
made a bunch of videos and have been
seeing it for years there's only one
kind of comment that penetrates that
like and those are the comments that
confirm your worst suspicions those are
the ones that like that actually speak
the truth so I bring this up now because
I'm always seeing a couple of comments
that are like three six eight is bullsh
I thought it was gonna be this big thing
you're still just making regular videos
and sometimes you hang out in there that
hurts it really hurts because it's not
the truth but it's also kind of how I
feel like I when I first announced three
six eight it was this huge initiative
and I've done really nothing as far as
you know the reality of it is that
building a business is a really slow
really painful process and we are
working full full full steam ahead and
we're doing incredible initiatives we
have like a youtuber incubator program
we're gonna bring together small
youtubers it's very exciting we have
like businesses built into it that our
early generating revenue we have the
three six eight gaming
which is happening and then the biggest
speed bump at all is this the space 368
at its core as I pitched it all revolves
around the nucleus which is this
physical space in downtown Manhattan the
space still isn't done and we're doing
everything we're throwing money at it
we've spent just maybe even over a
hundred thousand dollars working on that
space like we're investing heavily in
that space it's just not there yet we're
almost there like look this is what the
space looks like today today is July
what's the date day this is my live feed
from three six eight look it that's
literally what it looks like right now
like this is the current level of
construction in the front space this
morning it's it's can I get an amen amen
it looks but it is exciting what's going
on down there I do want to take you down
now give you an update at 3 6 8 will you
want to come yeah man let's go check it
out you curious I'm a cop right yeah
yeah it is hot I think you're gonna if
you say it's hot I believe you alright
let's go let's go
it's good it's hotdogs sorry guys we're
building good stuff so this wow I
haven't seen the lighting yet so this
space out here is gonna be the retail
space like this room is open to the
public this here is gonna be the sales
desk
see how it's uncomfortably high mm-hmm
we want it to be really unwelcoming
basically like yeah we want people to
come up and kind of have the desk come
to their chin and then they feel awkward
and small yeah just be like intimidation
yeah we don't want people to hang out in
here so we thought we'd make it as
unfriendly as possible but that's that
this is the creator space back here and
this whole space is meant to be modular
or really a halfpipe here when my
friends come around town they're like
how do I get around New York City and
now I can just be like here follow my
super 73 as we got 10 of them you have
one of these right
peekaboo mechanically much
that whole thing moves again because you
just explained the whole business model
four three six eight in the most poetic
okay okay okay
go so it's it's the Medici family of
Florence so they basically made their
money in banking and I've been studying
them for about ten years trying to
figure out how to build the creative
model because this is a family who had
Galileo and and Michelangelo and some of
the greatest artists of all time
don't worry don't worry guys I'm
dropping gems over here don't worry the
the three six eight is very similar to
that idea in the structure and so if
you're talking about moving to Los
Angeles I want us to figure out how we
can do something together because I've
been trying to build this forever three
six eight west coast but I think right
but Moore's more what's really exciting
is that if we get this right the next
Michael it the next Michelangelo YouTube
exactly
how do we end this how do we end this
segment you're not man sometimes you
just allow things to gently go their own
way you know you don't want to say
goodbye you don't you don't want to say
so long you just want to like is this
just what you do when you don't have an
ending for something yeah well he's good
he's good he's good you know what this
social media thing doesn't work out you
should be an actor
2006 the year that Will Smith's The
Pursuit of Happyness came out you want
something go get it period maybe my
favorite Will Smith movie ever so this
is a story that I told will today but
when I first moved to New York City I
lived in an SRO like a single room
occupancy it was a place had no bathroom
and no kitchen was a shared bathroom not
a great place to live and I used to ride
my bike almost every day like from where
I worked all the way downtown all the
way up to with this huge heavy bag with
like all my camera gear in it and then
this camera gear was like this burden it
was like this weight I knew that that
burden on my back was going to be what
set me free like what all my dreams
could come true if I just believed in
this thing Chris Gardner was doing his
best but his fast
wasn't enough in that movie invest all
this money into these like heavy
bone-density scanner things and his
whole savior like the only way he's
gonna be able to make it alive is if he
sells these stupid heavy things and he's
lugging them around everywhere and like
I remember seeing that movie I was like
a couple years later and I sort of found
my footing and just like bawling my eyes
out for that entire movie because I saw
so much of myself in that main character
as this struggling single father who who
knew that he could find his way and and
achieve what he wanted to achieve in
life for himself and his family and and
I and meeting will today like brought
that full circle anyway a great movie
you should see it if you've never seen
it great day today okay really truly
awesome to have you by well I'm in three
six eight with my man Casey in the
building so three six eight as an artist
Haven is that how you describe it this
is well he's our new spokesperson yes
new spoiler checks in the mail yes sir
