got it I got it that's it
Jack you see how are you thank you very
much
bad traffic it's 4 p.m. for I haven't
left the house yet today I'm gonna leave
the house now sometimes I do really
stupid things and I'm actually
embarrassed to admit them on this vlog
but I feel like I have to somewhere on
our cross-country trip
I lost my boosted board it's gone I had
it in Denver it is nice to be in Denver
Colorado then we got to Vegas
so I don't remember looking for it and
yesterday in San Francisco just wasn't
in the car that car was filled up with
all of one's worldly possession there
was a lot going on I still don't
understand how you lose a boosted board
what was he thinking all right have a
great day sir
buh-bye now
it was the pokey board - the one with
the custom Pokemon paint job from the
video
my play wall here is gettin kind of sad
in positive news I'm gonna take my pants
off now I don't know if you remember but
my favorite pair of jeans are these blue
jeans I used to wear literally every day
every episode of the vlog had the same
pants on but they completely fell apart
and canvas said it was getting gross I
had to stop wearing them because so I
just got them fixed my pants are back I
think you all know my philosophy on
mending is better than ending and check
these things out
look at that repair job clean look at
this in this and this and this
nice work I need to send a plug I'm not
being paid for this you need to send a
plug to my friends company denim
repair.com I shouldn't have to explain
what they do that's pretty intuitive
yeah the point of this entire room back
here is so when I need my equipment it's
at the ready at all times today is sort
of the first test of that I got here
ready for a shoot gonna need a GoPro I'm
gonna need a stabilizer work this thing
having the year is half the issue having
the gear organizes the other half that
felt pretty good
I haven't given a tour over here in a
while that things are really coming
along this is the best part of the annex
probably the single most important
aspect of the NX The Loft is fully
secured we've got the two by six beam
running across here vertical supports
here braces in the walls this thing not
going anywhere on top of all that it's
upholstered up there so it's a less
echoing here now that construction son
Dylan is working on admin all he's
working on production all that all the
vision for this space is nearly fully
realized right keep up the good work
team that's me guys this morning when I
got off that plane I was like I got to
get straight to work I got a whole day
ahead of me and instead I was like no I
have to sleep so this morning I went to
bed there's men I only got like a half a
day today well geez like sleep is
important
but it's really screwing me over today
shopping is one of them but going away
again I don't have any shirts so I'm
gonna go buy like two t-shirts
quick quick trip to the Apple store it's
gonna grab one thing in here and they
did not have what I was looking for
that's surprising they always have what
I'm looking for
it's dark out but it's not late summer
is over I really really really didn't
want to come back to the office this is
what I forgot
that's stabilizer for my SLR I want to
start using this thing feels good ready
to go
got my shirt packed all my stuff that
wasn't that got the stabilizer thing
they I get to go home now that's Candace
and she does love bean burritos
that's France Anita eating dinner
somebody commented that they missing
Francine and Candace in the episodes I
too missed them family's out of town I'm
gonna go see them tomorrow outside
between my two girls being gone and
dropping off own at college I'm just a
lonely sad guy but it really does make
me realize just how much I love and
depend on my family
