651 in the morning today is my last day
it's the last day of this road trip but
it's also my last day with my son before
I say goodbye to him at college I'm sure
you can see what a big deal that is in
any event I'm not gonna I'm not gonna
vlog I'm not gonna film my day with my
kid today I'm just gonna leave the
cameras away so I can really focus on
these last few hours with him so I'll
come back I'll come back to you at the
end of the day and I'll I'll let you
know how things went
he's taking me to the airport now I'm
leaving him here Owens mother she's
coming to San Francisco tonight to take
him to orientation and all that I Drive
him out here she does that you know like
we got to be you know sure the kid I say
goodbye tonight hello I'm Owen and I'm a
student from entered
a charter school I'm at the airport I
just said bye to the kid just like said
I'll see you in a few months
not great David Sedaris said that when
you have a dog like that dogs life
represents like a chapter that's
bookends in your life like you always
remember where you were for the life of
that dog I remember when I was a kid and
I got a pet it was it was a cat but I
remember I got this little kitten and
then I remember through its whole life
and that was like a chapter in my life
and I just said goodbye to oh and who's
like like that's the biggest chapter
it's the biggest chat I remember when he
was born I remember who I was when he
was born I was like this high school
dropout teenager who's my friend's
parents didn't want them to hang out and
he says a bad influence does this
degenerate this Cup with a baby and now
it's like he's like this adult and
everybody's giving me this boat like
he's not gone he's still your baby
that's bulls he is an adult now he lives
on his own 3,000 miles away from me
time for your second day of school it
grade
I'll be back tomorrow with more happy
blogs you just have to bear with yeah I
hope you can understand this is a tough
tough thing for me I hope someday you
get to experience something like this
