but the rainbow look at that rainbow man
incredible severe heat advisory today in
New York City check this out ready that
is disgusting
no big deal I am so gonna miss these hot
summer days you know I go right today
and then the traveling goes on for like
six weeks or five things that were
doomed and normal for me here in New
York City until mid-september as in when
the summer is over somebody sent me this
toilet paper this is toilet paper with
Donald Trump's face on it with Donald
Trump quotes thank you this is it
today's my last day in the office before
I Drive Owen to college
this makes me a little nostalgic this
was the last road trip I did in like
2007 from Austin Texas LA here's what we
got planned we're starting right here in
New York City Chicago Denver Las Vegas
and then finally landing in San
Francisco doot doot doot doot doot doot
and then up and over love Google Maps
says this is three thousand ninety miles
in 45 hours of driving spreading that
across one two three four days to people
20 hours per that's five hours of
driving per day per person which quite
frankly seems entirely manageable now
the goal of the whole trip is to avoid
traffic as much as possible so we're
gonna leave tomorrow morning at like
5:00 a.m. which means have to pick up
the rental car today now pick up a
rental car in New York City enormous
pain in the ass I have to go to an
airport in New Jersey and it's 3:45
I should go right now to avoid traffic
kind of find my friend Dylan to see yeah
you want to go you're ready all right
come meet me am I actually I'm gonna go
to the bathroom and then meet me in my
office awesome I'm ordering an uber
right now okay with that pickup location
ring to Jersey
oh I don't know how else to get there I
got a bike I got one bike Steinberg
why would you possibly say yes to coming
on this trip with me I don't know it's
an adventure Dylan I want to tell the
Dylan Steinberg story okay this this is
the story as to how I met Dylan 2010 was
that was that it was those six years ago
and this new camera came out is the
Canon t2i and I wanted it I couldn't
find it somebody said you have to meet
this guy he has one to sell that guy was
this guy and Dylan came on I bought the
camera from him and then he was like if
you ever need help with anything I said
I love making movies and you're like all
right cool let's do this thing for
Cheerios that's right and so Dylan help
me make a Cheerios TV commercial the
thing about Dylan is like I taught her a
recluse but I talked about you when I
get hired to do lectures because like
the whole thing that I'm always
preaching about the grind really all you
have to do is work harder than the next
guy you told her you'd move
just moves the city didn't know anybody
now this guy has like a huge company and
a gigantic office and a rental facility
is built like this series career on
nothing but the hustle pure hustler this
guy side note about Dylan Steinberg they
probably won't like me sharing Dylan
came to my wedding in South Africa and
got in a fight with his girlfriend in
front of Candice's mom in Candice's mom
yelled at Dylan do you remember oh yeah
okay thank you very much sir this guy
he's you guys take the job seriously
what I was saying earlier that it's
really complicated to rent a car in New
York City it's really complicated
no keep going straight yeah here it is
there's your white minivan where does it
say national what does it but on this
paper it says enterprise and national
all right I'm going in you hold down the
car I'm gonna make this the right spot
thank you sir sorry
this poor uber driver I mean let's just
let this poor guy go yeah I don't know
that we're doing the right thing we're
that we're in the right place but sorry
for the trouble
there is no national but the car that
the piece of paper said I know we bailed
on National Car Rental because Mazar
that's right Mazar convinced us to come
to what's this place called a surprise
I'm just an intern guys we got our eyes
on this sweet what's that thing called
Ford Transit out here just cherry doing
that is a fine looking car alright see
you guys later
thank you for everything
we did it what the people that come here
up really crazy yeah me a lot of
interesting people here this is a great
vehicle a great vehicle mission fully
accomplished we have the rental car
where in the world are we doing
steinberg we are in toot-toot-toot
gazook appreciate time would they would
have been a lonely adventure go yeah i
felt good helping be the copilot friend
we were great you're great it's a
rainbow I can't get the show up on
camera oh there's the rainbow there's
the Empire State Building there's the
rainbow traffic that's where we're going
in the tunnel now we're leaving New
Jersey back to New York
and now we're back in the city we're
back back in the city could not have
done it without you Dylan thank you sir
yep
thank you for your opinions that man
later Dylan thanks buddy all right
that's it
I'm anxiously packing right now but I
think the time has come to say goodbye
to the studio tomorrow morning 5:00 a.m.
we leave for San Francisco
poet is still in Connecticut he's
driving into the city super late tonight
so he's not even gonna be here until
wait he's not gonna be here until like
1:00 or 2:00 in the morning and then we
leave at 5:00 in the morning so yeah the
next couple days should be pretty
interesting
