it's time to open this huge box this
week's kind of a big week it's like the
last week I'll be in Newark yeah I got a
month or six piece I'm traveling ahead
when I was younger than right now from
to New York yep until like a year a year
and a half ago I would take every
opportunity I could get to travel didn't
care where I was going didn't care why I
was going there but in the last year
that's changed so dramatically now I
just want to be here working that said
I'm about to run a six-week marathon of
traveling
so this so this is so this so this is
what the next five week by so this is
what the next five weeks of my travel
life looks like it starts at the end of
this week
here in New York City when Owen and I
are going to begin our cross-country
road trip to take him to college in San
Francisco that trips gonna include like
four or five stop for a minute I'm from
New York City to Chicago to somewhere
else to Denver to Vegas
and then to San Francisco Owen picked
out all the stops on this trip he's he's
pretty excited about it then immediately
after dropping the kid off in San
Francisco I'm gonna fly back from SF all
the way to New York City for one day
for one day I know but I've got things
to take care of I'll take a day if I can
get a day after that one day I'm you
flying from New York City BAM to Texas
here when we rendezvous with Candace
from the text from Texas her and I are
gonna be getting on an airplane and
we're going to be flying out of the
states here to London then from London
we're gonna be going down to Rome from
Rome we're gonna be going to Montenegro
and then Croatia and a couple of other
places that were going to be flying from
there to Germany from Germany back to
Texas we're going to be leaving Candace
in Texas from Texas ought to be flying
back to New York City I'm in New York
City for I don't know maybe like three
four days something like that then
mediately after that and we find from
the city down to to Columbia here in
South America from Columbia BAM down to
Brazil from Brazil back to New York City
in New York City for a couple more days
with the family from New York City I'm
gonna then be flying all the way to
Australia I mean I was feeling it for
like a couple days four days maybe
Australia back to New York City all of
that is in the next month or so I'm like
super super excited about it I'm also
totally stressed out about all the
travel and being away from the family
and yeah so all of that all of it starts
this week it's the middle of the night
I'm editing this scene where I show the
travel I can't figure out how to edit
this that doesn't make me look like a
completely crazy person so I just wanted
to cut away and apologize for just
happened nuts I am in this scene I guess
I was trying to make sense of all this
travel but I really seem like a crazy
person here I'm not that great so it's
kind of its kind of a kind of a
stressful kind of stressful week the
time has come
it's time to open this huge box I really
hate to do this but four million
subscribers with yesterday's news how
are you still there kind of looks it
kind of looks even awesomer now look at
that just scooter there's no note
but whoever sent me this thank you hmm
these are the keys there seems to be a
lot of them and I don't know where to
put the key is the problem there's no
keyhole oh oh it's like a Tesla this is
amazing I can't a guy take it for a
quick spin before I go home
you know maybe before I go outside I'll
read the
it feels a little ridiculous but also
kind of amazing
definitely feels better standing up and
sitting down well I don't really know
how to ride it is the problem no I'm
pretty sure this I think this is the
seat but then this also goes like that
and then you can stand there Emily is
helping me test this thing Emily do you
think it's more of a bike or scooter a
scooter right Becca do you think that's
more of a biker a scooter for you all
right good luck Oh
don't that you got it
super easy to make friends in New York
City when you have an electric scooter
to offer are you okay I'm Casey Casey
Mecca
I'll try bar guys I gotta get home this
thing is great and all but I'll be back
on the boosted board before the day is
over did you ever see the Mother's Day
episode I did last year it's probably
like my favorite vlog episode ever
but for Candace's first Mother's Day I
got her this bike she's never used it
I got the baby on the back of the bike
while I was working for a minute and
then she said out out so we had to stop
but we're gonna try it again
he did she liked the bike ride but she
refused to wear the helmet so kind of
made the whole thing well we can't ride
the bike unless she has a helmet on she
wouldn't wear that we tried a lot more
okay come on you can have more we'll try
again tomorrow
she's jetter she had her headphones on
