okay now it my camera okay so that's how
you start that's how all vloggers start
every sentence you go okay so okay so
and then say something interesting do
something okay so hey guys okay so hey
guys
you make a great block
remember when I went through that puddle
couple nights ago on my boosted board I
went through an ankle deep puddle got
soaked got soaked
boosted board got made really wet Wow it
never fully recovered the work taking a
taxi to work today thank you thank you
Mateus and Thomas for this tiny license
plate I'll put it on my boosted board
y'all remember last week when I was
complaining about how my studio which is
my sanctuary has been destroyed well I
have a big update in that it's
near-perfect once again let me show you
ah it's not near perfect again because I
did the work the gal just got in here
and kicked some serious and on top of
that we moved the entire mail time
operation over here to the annex which
by the way is filling up and really I
think it was the whole mail time
situation that was like at the core of
this studio falling apart
I just wasn't proactive enough in
opening the boxes and they started to
pile up we got a visitor who's this it's
like a librarian of some sort out there
Jessie you interrupted me I was just
giving a tour because the studio has
never hasn't looked this good in months
but you just looked into the war room
and I haven't shared that yet what do
you think you told me that you're gonna
do this like months ago and I'm like did
you do it it is like yeah oh my god this
is like a filmmakers dream right now not
done not done an armory drone setups not
completely done the camera set up some
needs to be flushed out this is the
microphone setup OCD look at everyone
look at these GoPro mounts
this is like military-grade come on all
right looking at even you a red stripe I
get going I got a selfie stick set up
there I got my GoPro stabilizers there
this would be good for vlogging I don't
go with there you go use that it's like
our actual daily vlogging apparatus but
so much yeah you can't like throw it
around I need to walk thing I need to
hold me I'm gonna finish this segment
about the studio I really want to lose
Jessie might have crashed back there did
you crash no I was getting towed by that
truck they're slower than you
yes Jesse nice let me buy your smoothie
Jesse tell me something that is like a
Jesse exclusive here so I can like a
Jesse exclusive yeah what can I hear
people want to know you're up to I
officially moved to Venice
that's Venice Beach California Los
Angeles not Venice Italy that's it
that's all y'all give you HP
so like this ice-cream Jessi this isn't
in your new diet not nothing part of the
summer 16 diet the name of this episode
is going to be world's largest ice cream
sundae
we don't
how's your day honey thank what are you
eating what's like baby food your makeup
yeah
what is this honey what about this
start it start a shooting star stars
that it looks familiar I just think we
place it a maple leaf Billy is that the
name of the what how cool that is
oh hi look what arrived thank you
did you get any other shirts in yet just
that one no not the final sales
nothing's quite ready except for Ozzy
several other shipping stuff is ready
and that's it welcome you guys have so
much moet and shunned on I used to drink
a lot when they start ship and they're
gonna pop bottles yes you're gonna wear
that
take it away the cake maybe JC ready
what happened to it
sick
for example 2005 right there
I don't like a child I was a child I
look like 15 this way you can get the
rest of your lunch by Kansas good day 5
Morgan Jesse
good to see you you too brother I'll see
you guys later on the interwebs I don't
know where but the internet misses you
Jesse I'll be around
bye man
great to see Jessie always good to catch
up with that guy this building this is
like a secret Nike gym they've got real
plants outside and it's raining are you
getting wet a little bit
all right now I can finish my bit before
about how the studio has been returned
to its previous glory it's still not
done here and even the gear room that I
showed you earlier when Jesse was here
even that's not done it's it's far from
perfect the studio it's a little like
xenos dichotomy paradox where you're
never a hundred percent done you get
fifty percent done than 75 percent done
than eighty seven point you're only ever
getting halfway and halfway and halfway
there so you're never actually done
because I've been in this space for 12
years now if there were a finish line I
would have crossed it it's like fashion
you have to keep iterating on it I love
where it is right now especially with
the new gear closet expect constant
updates on the progress of this studio
if that package for me I'm sorry you
guys had to deal with this it's okay
we're just excited to see when it is I
have no idea what it is all I know is I
definitely did not order it I'll let you
guys know what it is sorry
I don't know what this is but I do know
that I gotta go home right now so I'm
not gonna tune in tomorrow on the vlog
to see what's inside of this gigantic
box
biggest ice-cream come mom is getting
ice cream honey quick trip to the mall
for some ice cream and maybe to see a
friend and maybe because there's a
charity event happening but right now
just ice cream
so tonight at the opening of what is
what do you call this charity waters er
installation be our installation charity
waters a nonprofit that that helped me
thank you for helping us and the water
crisis we give people clean water this
is got founder and CEO of charity water
in your neighborhood great great
nonprofit you can check it out I'm gonna
do the VR thing literally gonna be our
first person to do that what do I do
okay ready excited suit me up
whoa that was amazing it was so good
it's incredible right
yeah really see this is free if you're
in New York City come to Brookstone
place and check this out this is all
nonprofit to raise money to build wells
in Africa but it is amazing how is
Francine you want to treat you can have
one treat we hide her treats in the
fridge but then she found them in the
fridge so check out what I need I don't
see any treats I don't see any treats I
just see boring old Cheerios ding dong
where's daddy
half marshmallow
