these episodes gonna be different
totally different from the normal
episodes I want to that's right this is
special presentation very special
episode I'm gonna tell a story I want to
tell a story that I've never shared
before now if you watch the news or read
the newspaper or go on the internet or
open your eyes I'm sure you're keenly
aware of what's going on with the
presidential election here in the US of
A accept your nomination accept your
nomination and I don't want to get into
the politics of it but I think we can
all agree it's not pretty
now I do my best to keep this vlog as a
political as possible I try to omit all
politics from it and talk about things
that I think we can all agree on and
Denny's episode is no different it is
about politics but it's not just bear
with me the political tenor around the
current election is just a mess and I
want to talk about a time when it wasn't
so I want to go all the way back to 2008
however back in 2008 I was a much
younger version of myself and I just
learned about this young senator from
Chicago and the first time I heard him
speak I was completely blown away
cut to later that year we're getting
really close to the election my homie
Graham called me
you might remember Grammys the guy climb
mountains with graham was running the
campaign office in this little town in
Ohio called Ironton so I went down there
and I helped Graham at the campaign
office and I was like I would answer
phones Obama campaign this is Casey
Obama campaign on is an iron tent this
is Casey Lawrence County Obama campaign
this is Casey and also go door-to-door
door-to-door is the scariest thing ever
there was one time when a guy into the
door in his underwear holding a shotgun
saying I'll never vote for that I was
also at a time when at the time she was
just Senator but now Secretary Clinton
came to give a talk that was a fun day
Graham was grabbed actually introduced
the governor that day
on the East Coast 6:30 on the west coast
Barack Obama has brown state of Ohio
this was such an exciting time
immediately left the office I got on my
bike and I just started running around
the city this is Union Square
these were all people cheering because
of who is elected for press that the
tenor of politics today look at this
excitement
it was just everywhere it was people
going nuts this is Times Square New York
City November 4th 2008
and then January 20th 2009 this is when
they sign the president in the old
president goes out the new one comes in
they make everything official he stands
up there everybody cheers for him not
look Washington DC is about 225 miles
south of here so of course I zipped it
down to DC where I rendezvous with
Graham
almost inauguration time been standing
for seven seven let's see seven straight
hours my back starting to hurt
yep I had never been in Washington DC
before when there was a presidential
inauguration happening but there were
just parties everywhere and we went to
all of them
this is a younger twenty six-year-old
case yeah
I'm not the maniac now that I thought I
was then and then we knew that our
tickets for the actual inauguration put
us in a field where we could either be
at the front of or all the way in the
back so we showed up at like 4:00 in the
morning to be the first ones into that
field this is when they finally opened
the gates and DC police and Secret
Service were like hold back hold back
don't go just yet
don't go
okay
I'm happy I'm good where's John I think
this is the spot podium and the big
screen now this was just by chance but
that guy over my right shoulder right
there that is John Singleton the Academy
Award nominated director of boys in the
hood this portion of John Singleton's
home video will be directed by Casey
Neistat camera notice that he put his
name on it just like he's like it ain't
like he's eight years old to put his
name on camera Casey forgot you know
whose camera was we're also wearing
shirts and ties that was Gran's idea
remember I asked him why are you putting
on a tie we're gonna stand in the field
for a whole day and he said when you're
an old man and you look back at the day
you were at Barack Obama's inauguration
don't you want to see yourself wearing a
shirt and tie I'm sorry my string blown
again I'm sorry that my hand is in your
face I just gotta get this you need to
use my hand
I think after the inauguration on our
way home that happen we fell asleep on
the street or something we weren't so
tired we did go out that night though
the inaugural staff party jay-z
performed
I was a super fun night and it ended
with Graham taking without permission a
presidential seal I mean they were gonna
throw it out anyway as he was leaving
with this presidential seal security
stopped and they're like what is that
and he showed it to him
and then the security guy was just like
you're okay have a good night
when they say go
if I had an epilogue for this story
would be that in 2012 Graham my homie he
actually ran for Congress my name is
Graham DZ and I approve this message
because you should know that there's a
fresh alternative he lost but he put up
a good fight before you were born I was
trying to raise questions about
davis-besse so I can't open Otto County
would know that there is a guy who puts
actions behind his words I probably
should have put this message at the
beginning of this episode but save your
hate from the comments this is just
about me sharing an experience and to
maybe underscore just how gnarly things
are right now in politics can you
imagine seeing that kind of excitement
around this election because I can't
