moving out this morning going back to to
Utah we're going into the studio now
today we're gonna be shooting a movie
today we're gonna be shooting up like an
on a non vlog movie let me help you with
your stuff I have an idea where we go
oh that's nice yeah
yeah I'll get your camera
what's in it vegetables yeah are you
gonna miss your morning smoothies when
you go to have any only cereal and it's
gonna be amazing so what we're doing
today is a little different what today's
episode is about is a little different
from the normalcy today I want to shoot
today I'm going to shoot a video Shawn's
gonna help me make it and it seems like
a short video this episode will serve us
behind the scenes what this short video
is going to be about is instagrams new
snap
instagrams new stories feature which if
you haven't seen it is the most
unbelievably blatant ripoff of snapchat
Instagram just built snapchat in
Instagram and they're like downloader
yesterday they blew my mind
like what balls on Mark Zuckerberg holy
 I mean he had like sort of copy it
it is a like carbon photo copy pixel for
you pick so copy he's like hey Evan
Spiegel how about three billion dollars
and was like nothing he's marked it were
just like dude I'll just copy your
entire product just continuing
Facebook's pursuit of absolute hegemony
over all social media in any event I
sort of want to share my sentiments on
that so Shawn are you like a short video
about it
I think first we need to go get milk fix
we want to do like 10 different shots in
different locations which was trying to
like itemize that now the rest of the
shootings gonna be done here in the
studio it's not that big of like a shoot
it's just having it make sense here is
the shot list for okay we have all the
ideas we have one two three four five
six seven eight nine we wanted ten but
this is good Shawn got zero now we this
involves a lot of props like milkshakes
and pizza and flowers and we need a girl
what are you the taxi cab another
milkshake probably interesting case
hi I remember there was a flaw there's
an episode a long long time ago where my
friend and I went to this place that has
milkshakes but there was like a two-hour
line to get a milkshake
it's called blacktop burger we're gonna
go back look this is the line noon and
there's already this line that's what
we're gonna shoot the milkshake seen
what valleys people waiting for one yeah
are you in line for a milkshake
I am follow I've been waiting we're
gonna shoot scene one here this is the
setting I'm waiting for that milkshake
alright there is an opening see there's
a UPS truck there all of our not for
ladies girls when Casey says he never
UPS truck you move your UPS truck they
literally just look at that lighting
change right here right there yeah oh
yeah
all right let me do it gel cavalry kill
this I want when you're really good okay
that's it we got the first one all
wrapped up billionaire ones are really
good thank you see you guys later
I really can't give this place enough an
endorsement it is as good as they say it
is you should definitely go there and
get milkfish going back to Joe's pizza
now if it repeats a place the next team
requires like two V's the pizza we're
gonna shoot it at this table that Shawn
is nice shot Shawn just got I'll be
right out
like that words right
like I did like the biggest nono you can
ever do we did the most perfect take
ever and I wasn't rolling I did so good
no ever hit report I'm sorry sure so we
did get it we're gonna go now next
location is I don't know Candace let's
go see Candace this next scene involves
like a boy proposing to his Fiat a boy
proposing to his girlfriend so we're
going to canvases now to get a ring he
is the prop and because we need to
borrow one of the girls that works for
her to be like the girl that Sean's
gonna be proposing to
she did a good job she is a good actress
step it up these are all bought and paid
for yeah Wow you know the classes are
they gotten better those are all sold
this is the subway shot really simple
Shawn tries to go through I step in
front of him
he's snapchat I'm Instagram the subway
shot went really well what's left is one
with a taxi cab and then what else is on
the list Shawn but what else is on the
list besides the taxi cab
it's not easy shooting with a taxi cab
in New York City it's really hard to
orchestrate we just got it and went
perfectly taxi was super cooperative
I gave him 20 bucks all right now we're
going good this is the ATM scene all
right just finished shooting the bank I
think it's our last shot and I have to
go all we shot today outside were like
these little skits these little pieces
of the movie but not the actual movie
now that we're back in the studio it's
like it's time to shoot like the
meaningful part of the movie were
explained like you know the narrative
the story behind it this is as far as
I've gotten
and so I don't know what this is for I
just know that like I need a title
somehow in this and this might be it
maybe it's not I don't know we're moving
fast here and moving fast we just
finished shooting here I'm super late I
gotta get home Shawn was really good I
feel good about what was shot - I think
we got magic real magic go I'll meet you
outside
that guy's blocking the whole lane take
care of Ireland
I'm going home now late and maniacs
blocking the whole lane do not help me
and I think this shoot today was great I
hope the video is good it's only two
minutes long but I want to make more of
these kinds of videos for the channel
fleets here check it out let me know if
you like it if you think it sucks maybe
just keep it to yourself
