today is a bowtie day because today
today is a day of celebration or wedding
they're getting married in City Hall
which is something that people do in New
York City or come to New York City to do
I'm crashing this wedding but I'm very
excited
I'm good how you doing this is actually
a clip-on tie and I still screwed that
up my friends getting married I'm the
witness
okay is there a couple of details that I
left out like Justin and Elaine are
actually already married well they
already have their wedding this is just
that making it legal and maybe I'm
blowing this a little out of proportion
I just get excited for wedding I had to
find the right bowtie this is Elaine is
the bride I'm Way more nervous than I
was last year
on the day of her wedding ceremony I
should be in the suit jacket I didn't
know you were gonna show up this is
supposed to be casual
I used to New York has you so nervous
I'm having cold feet a little bit that's
why I'm late
what happened they called your number
you called my number I'm very happy to
say that Justin in the lane here I've
decided to officially make me their
witness so before we get into I just
want to formally thank you guys for
making me one of your witnesses did I
need a lot wait a second I didn't fight
you I don't remember lucky to have you
I'm happy to be here wait the guy that's
marrying you this guy right there you
know they're up it's uh it's happening
now they're up he is romantic that is
romantic I don't know if I see anything
like that before this is good
to each other which aside here's the
ring okay
why here please ready we are gathered
here today to witness the exchanging of
marriage vows of Maria and Justin if
there is anyone present today who knows
of any reason why this couple should not
be married please let them speak now or
forever hold the piece do you promise to
love honor cherish and keep it for as
long as you live do you promise to love
honor cherish and keep her for as long
as your life
now what Justin Elaine don't know is
that we've set up three six eight to
look like a wedding situation they're
coming in now
three two take the first one look we did
it we made them cry
I get 360
Justin Elaine congratulations thank you
for making me your ring bearer witness
whatever the hell I was and I know
they're already married I know isn't
that big of a deal I know it's just a
formality but come on
she was crying gotta shut the blinds in
the summer it gets so hot in here
special visitor the mothership Jack what
are you doing in New York City Oh going
over the box right now you've never been
in this studio before no I've never been
I swear you came when the blogspot here
huh son oh hey I've got something to
share with you
fun one time Josh and I were on a
helicopter ride
all right this isn't a mail time but
this Pakistan
it's a new one wheel you seen a
motorized you seen the new one then I
mean we use it to ride to the bathroom
and back yo tell the difference
like the movie that had the biggest
impact on me in life was Tom Hanks in
the movie big because he was successful
because he hung on to his you right he
was successful because he was an
overgrown child I play with all this
stuff and then I tell him what I think
and I watch that movie and I was a
little kid and I was like I will always
you qualify be an overgrown child and he
had that huge apartment that he lived in
with the trampoline welcome to mine by
the way I met Tom Hanks he's freaking
lovely really just a great guy shout out
Tom Hanks hey Tom why don't you come by
three six eight hang out with us some
beat be in the vlog you jerk damn what
are you doing you told me that was Penn
Josh do you want to meet our team mascot
please recently dog
well thanks from me on the blog Casey
thanks guys
Josh you gotta come by it when I have
more than five minutes to hang out yo
this is the best date of my life
thank you I like that too this is that
whoa
hey guys guys look it's Josh back
goodbye I really like that guy Josh back
what's up guys I really like that guy
Josh Peck and he's one of a handful of
people that I've gotten to me purely
because I am a youtuber and he's a
creator and that just makes me love this
platform so much all right
that's it go at home I'll see you
tomorrow in 360
