that kind of ticket for texting while
driving does the cops hang out just like
that where the people come out of the
tunnel and if they see you taxing they
just pull you over immediately what do
they think is a really good thing
texting while driving stupid dangerous
she's not pregnant
I assure you she's not pregnant but
she's been talking about it a lot lately
and you're like not-so-subtle it's like
don't you think Francine needs a little
brother or a little sister she's been
talking about it more and
coppy usually chose right up here around
the corner see him chillin right there
and they're looking for people who are
texting if you live in New York City or
anywhere in the world don't text and
drive
hello and welcome to my workshop on
today's agenda is a repair of this
camera it looks like a functioning
camera when in reality broken LCD I
don't really remember the specifics but
look I'm sure I like to drop oh I think
I knocked this over and it anyway I need
to repair this
I got a little more aggressive with this
than I'd planned I probably broke it no
it needs to be tweaked because I can't
open it all the way but not bad a step
in the right direction
I used to Wow that is bright is this
ring like just too distracting for me to
use to look like a space alien Oh key
Doki no ring light just natural light
tilt I used to do on this channel like
these really intense q and a's where i
dive deep into specific subjects I
stopped doing them because people kept
saying they were boring in the comments
and I'm really insecure about that so
but I finally get enough reason so today
I want to do a Q&A where I really dive
into a subject that people ask me about
a lot I want to talk about YouTube if
you're not into this just skip ahead
till this exact time and that's when the
Q&A will be over Michael asks how do you
balance your public YouTube life with
your personal life it's actually not
that hard that's pretty easy the hard
part is balancing the workload that is
being a youtuber with my personal life
in order like really leverage this
platform it is so much work
I never party I never drink I never
socialize I never want to go out to
dinner I don't want to hang out with
friends and that has an impact on my on
my personal life I really only like to
use cheap lightweight tripods and every
time I try to use the fancy ones the KC
one is constantly being recognized in
public the most annoying don't take this
the wrong way
I love being recognized all the times I
love meeting new people with one
exception outside of my office it's very
hard when I'm when I'm at work
so busy I have no free time and I'm
racing in and out of my office to get to
meetings or me like I'm just so
overwhelmed in the few hours that I have
here that it's frustrating when I meet
people here because I don't have time a
lot of times I have to run out and I
like I have any other time to say hello
except you at home to like get the beat
that's what's frustrating
besides that like no I love meeting new
people I wouldn't do this if I didn't
love meeting new people I know money is
a touchy subject but how many views
subscribers before a channel or a
creator can expect to make a living I
don't know there's like a specific int
but I will tell you it's very very hard
you have your youtubers at the top that
make a lot of money into insane views
and then you have like everybody else
like there's no YouTube middle class I
think that something YouTube could work
harder at it's really hard to like pay
for making videos and make a living off
of YouTube what do you think was the
biggest trailer of your YouTube
community not doing daily content sooner
everybody does daily now there's a
zillion daily vloggers it's hard to
stand out if I had done what I'm doing
now like five six years ago I think it
really would have liked if a lot of
questions like where do you see YouTube
in the next couple of years
I don't know everybody's going after a
video right now Facebook's going after
video TV Netflix Amazon you have all
these new spaces to fill and I think
YouTube has been just dominating that
space for a really long time and when
you look to the future and when you look
to the future you see like all these
other opportunities for creators and I
think that's a great thing for creators
and I actually think it's a good thing
for YouTube too because it's gonna make
YouTube better competition makes
everyone better do you like the fact you
get heat over nothing the comment
section of YouTube I see is just like
Twitter it is wonderful what it stands
for and what it enables it's terrible
and execution and that it lets people
hide behind a Manomet e to spew hate it
should be a forum for positive
meaningful conversation and instead it
enables the trolls of this world to have
another mouthpiece to spew their vitriol
how often does YouTube reach out to you
how much communication do you have with
them it's nearly every single day the
support that I get from YouTube is
incredible it's part of
reason why I love YouTube so much do you
like the title youtuber more than the
title filmmaker yes I do
I don't shoot on film I shoot on video I
don't put my movies in movie theaters I
put them on YouTube
I am only a youtuber I'm not a filmmaker
and I love that distinction that is a
very important distinction for me okay
Candice just emailed me and said come
visit her so I'm gonna go see Candace
right now last question was reaching a
hundred subscribers difficult for you
yes reaching a hundred subscribers
reaching honored subscribers was way
harder than reaching a thousand and then
reaching a thousand was way harder than
reaching like a hundred thousand and
reach a hundred thousand was harder than
a million in without a doubt
1 million was way harder to do than 3
million let me end this Q&A my brain is
a brain it on in it's exactly like
making a living in life like when I was
dirt poor when I couldn't afford to feed
my family and I worked two jobs in a
restaurant scrubbing pots and pans that
was the hardest dollar I ever had to
earn when I had $0 and I needed to earn
my first hundred that was so much harder
there's a great book by Peter Thiel
called zero to 1 I love the book but I
don't endorse his political preference
in that book he addresses how hard it is
to start with nothing and turn it into
something you start with zero and you
get to one that's the hardest thing you
can do alright I got to meet Candice
I just wanted to share this sign with
you because I really like the language
that uses respect I was filming a
time-lapse and the fireman dropped their
ear protection I will return this
this fell off the truck thank you
appreciate it you got it
oh now no matter what happens today I
know I did something good I really liked
him to pick canvas up at work are you
ready to die next morning that will
direct teachers
you take meetings in Jersey but that's
my project yeah
Oh
has that kind old yet now
Tesla it's the safest car you can buy
think you would love it
yeah you don't illegal crashing regular
cars that aren't Tesla's why don't I
just get you a Tesla
or just
how does somebody not want to test them
we're on an affray work excursion to
check out this new restaurant that
opened on the water over there some it
looks nice doesn't it yes barely on the
restaurant baby freaked out just for
Curtin to QA and there were like 10
people that were like haka Marlins never
in the vlog anymore
oh come on the blowgun
I don't know I see you all the time I
guess I just don't the cam run yeah it's
a busy man
