look see the tar watch this sweaty
before hot my wheels are sinking into
the tar
I have to go to Midtown this afternoon
for a meeting do I take the Busan port
or do I take the subway I mean I always
prefer to take the boosted board it's my
favorite way to get around but Midtown
is far and it's also like really really
dangerous on a boosted board watch your
head
hear that noise going on in there
serious construction it will be saw that
this would be strong enough done
correctly these shooting he is where
they act mommy a plan their plays this
trivia the center be at least two loft
construction here coming along it looks
good
I'm safe
okay Godspeed
I'll be back it's serious construction
in there once the loft is up the rest of
the desks
remember how I said I have to go to
Midtown this afternoon I wasn't sure
whether or not I want to take the subway
the boosted board technically bikes and
definitely skateboards are not allowed
are not allowed are not allowed to take
this route but it's just so
okay MIT God Midtown is so loud
Midtown meetings are now done I'm gonna
get on my boosted word go back downtown
this is a different part of the whole
world then Midtown it's like a go check
this out this is Gramercy Park it's one
of the only parks in the city you have
to have a key to go in look at those
people enjoying themselves in there it's
a private part get to live here to go in
there you don't have to go in there to
collect Pokemon
what's happening here girls we just had
a guy come pick up an engagement ring
was so cute Lila sleaze I'm on hold
Candace always has leftover food in her
office
well there's perfectly fine piece of
pizza there's either the French team
billboards up violate it is this is what
he said to me no Gotham hey where are we
going
you see my outfit today monochrome what
was I thinking I'm pretty sure you were
wearing this shirt last night in the
vlog I was here's my pajama shirt people
are gonna say that you wear the same
clothes two days in a row I did this is
the smell yeah this is a sophisticated
elegant woman who wears her pajamas to
work Houston between motton Wolverine
maybe it's not up yet just our luck
piece of cake get up there get up on
there
dangerous
No
right we're giving up that company is
just we got an email that the Francine
modeling pictures were plastered up
around Soho with a map to exactly where
they are no posters you think they take
the pictures
or maybe they put around butter and
crazy I'll see you at home
you guys hear that yeah man swagger
movie is that me vlogging camera all
right look this is not a real male time
I just not this one package yeah this is
not a paid endorsement by the way they
just sent it to me whatever just another
suitcase right I mean it's a handsome
suitcase but just another suitcase right
extra sturdy handle ready how do you
work this come on oh wait here you go
I mean it's a really nice suitcase but
it's supposed to have it got it got it
there was a strap you had to pull up on
the strap Oh get ready suitcase scooter
Suter on the suitcase
I hope you can appreciate why I had to
open that package I will soon do a full
proper three hour long segment where I
open all these boxes but heading home
now there is a temptation to ride that
suitcase home but I'm not going to do it
pretty sure if I try to ride a scooter
all the way are you guys still riding a
suitcase that's terrifying
take it easy with those somebody could
lose an Iron Man is down I mean I'm
completely down for like a building
Weidner battle ok I'm gonna go finish
yeah they seem really jealous of my
suitcase shooters so I told him they can
borrow it they're good guys when Candace
gets home before me she says the baby
says Dada where are you it's like the
cutest thing ever
here's what happened every night six
nights a week I race out of the office
at 6 p.m. I get home I play with the
baby till 7:30 she goes to sleep
and then I start to work every night I
missed the magical New York City summer
sunsets
not tonight though tonight is gonna be
different
are you comfy yeah
