dude that's sick what's going on
thank you kindly
I'm not too late we can still do this
right work five hours late I think it
day and find out but you still do this
right so there what's up strand we got
this I've always you guys having a
little lunch break here
maybe you guys remember the team drone
works of the guys that built a human
flying drone the drone surfing and other
ones who flew me inside the shopping
mall so they're a big team at a Texas
but the primary team is Stratton and
Elaine and Justin so these guys these
guys together we've got all kinda SH and
I had this idea is more Justin's idea
but we had this idea I don't know that
I've ever had three people and it's good
this idea to do like a studio tour of
this space and then of three six eight
but have it be from the perspective of
like what would you call it a
hummingbird of fly like a POV that flies
through the space and wanders through it
like something like I wanted to feel
magical look at this little bastard
mm-hmm it's basically just a quadcopter
like a toy and then this is the guts
have a GoPro yeah we took a gopro hero4
black and we just hacked it completely
to pieces okay but look at this insanity
okay this is a test clip we did today
all right so we are gonna start and
first question Elaine do you think we
can fly this through the window into the
studio we're gonna try is the right
answer there it is
fixed it
the opening shot for this whole sequence
I want to happen like outside I want to
begin outside they come up and go into
the space so we're gonna try and do that
now just legalize is legal so it's under
255 grams so it's literally under the
FAs weight limit so all these people on
the drone block on the drone blogs that
love giving us a hard time they are not
gonna give us a hard time worth they
just lay in a toy
oh yeah
all right first take failure
this take two
all right we get it you got so when we
stabilize this Justin it's gonna look
it's gonna be perfect perfect like
incredible I'm assuming it already looks
incredible yeah with like basic
stabilization it's good and then if you
use like a proper sprayer like
stabilization program amazing so damn
we're gonna have to make this Oh what
did you see that you're confident were
gonna be able to get this buttery smooth
yeah this is it this is the first in
studio shot this is a high-risk maneuver
here so he's taking off the ground right
now and then flying out and through the
window right there then that's where
like the shot picks up and it comes into
the window then we connect that with the
previous shot and that is the that's it
look at how insane watch how close watch
out close it gets the chains ready
there's that and then look at this yeah
now we go downstairs out from this space
over Broadway into the actual 368 space
I think it yeah and it it's gonna be so
you didn't even see it coming
ah alright my my stunt doubles here but
the Frick is up I'm calling you come on
in then come on in welcome Jim how you
doing okay Walter dude I need four seven
nine five two four six four I need to
put you in three six six I need to put
you in the last shot of my video you hip
to that yes
I have no idea
we're shooting a crazy drone video right
now way we fly this like bumblebee sized
drone that thing Wow
it's when it comes down this particular
down the stairs and then up these stairs
you're the one who has to open the door
and let the drone out
do that sick
do we get it everything was perfect
except he caught the door so let's do it
again let's roll
okay that's it that's a wrap we got the
whole thing done ace shot last shot was
perfect Stan good work nicely said David
swung upon shoot day MVP good job man
good job yeah let's film this way all
right so that's it for today's episode
of three six eight
I want to post this video today but I
don't think it's okay hey David I don't
think it's gonna be done until tomorrow
but it's gonna be awesome
what do we lose them Justin and lane
Stratton thank you for your help but
yeah the little drone video probably
tomorrow
you
