you ready are you ready to make this
movie yeah I'm ready
welcome to the long-awaited Casey and
Roberto's guide to running four new
runners I'm Casey I'm an amateur but
very passionate welcome
Roberto mange an Olympic runner four oh
one point seven sixty four fifty five
split twenty-nine thirty five forty ten
Roberto when you land in the Olympics
did you metal-faced Casey yeah no it was
a very competitive race as the Olympics
no metal huh no but I mean those are
participation medals you know everybody
gets them
so what we're trying to do is like
answer questions for really for new
runners so we asked people on Twitter to
ask us questions we're gonna answer
their questions and give us an informed
as informed advice as we possibly can
have you did you run yet today no did
you bring here you bring your running
bus oh yeah I sure did ah there's a
trick to putting on your running clothes
I bet you Roberto don't even know this
trick okay ready
so if you ball up your running clothes
like this and then just take them and
whoa does that work huh
we're gonna answer your questions while
we run
we need the questions we're just gonna
we're gonna do the questions here I
think this was a good one too definitely
what is your advice for absolute
beginners absolute beginners I'm gonna
go first I'm gonna first here's my
advice of Eunice's how I started running
if you've never run before focus on time
and time alone so set yourself a goal
like can you run for two full minutes
two minutes without stopping if you can
do to get to four once you get to ten
minutes without stopping get to 20 until
you hit an hour that took me like four
months and I started running good advice
spot-on
just gradual start everybody starts a
different place but something where to
build up from yeah what are the best
shoes what are you running
I exclusively run a New Balance that
being said there's the shoe out there
for everybody no two feet are the same
I run almost exclusively in Brooks I'm
in Nikes today Asics are good New
Balance are good and Mizuno's good
they're all good it's just what works
for you because every foot every foots
different lucas asks okay Lucas asks how
do I stop running away from my problems
I'm only answering that joke question
because I I literally run to get away
from my problems like what I'm having a
tough time running makes me happy I'm
having problems at work whatever having
fights with Candice but I'm just getting
angry
a run does cheer me up I literally run
away from my problem that's why I run 70
miles a week that's a great question
Maron asked what is the difference
between running on trails and roads and
running on a treadmill and which is
better I see no reason to run inside
almost ever
trail running and running on concrete I
personally love trail running I just
love getting outside get with my
thoughts feel nature and what's the
difference like is it better for you um
yeah I say running on trail softer
surfaces it's easier on the joints so a
lot of people aren't aware that I'm
running on concrete all the time it
tends to beat you up a little bit even
if you have proper footwear that's why
I'm hurt every year well he also runs a
lot do you stop for water a lot Jeremy
wants to know do you warm up or just go
for it you warm up no I just gradually
build into it I never warm up if it's a
short race like a 5k I'll warm up but
for my training runs like every day I
never warm up I just go outside thank
you maximum distance covered in one run
I think the most for me if I see the 32
or 34 miles whatever you get lost
no I just love distance all right for me
I ran 29 miles once by accident
I actually got left behind so I had to
get home
there's one from gand I think it
probably a lot of people struggle with
but how do you get out there on days
when you're not feeling motivated good
question remember - what got you want
there in the first place what your goals
are there's gonna be good days and bad
days motivation for me is just like
running makes me so happy if I don't run
a miserable and that's kind of that's
kind of all I need okay ash Ashley wants
to know I used to run a lot and I've
fallen out of it any tips for getting
back into running can't stop one stop a
break here and there it's okay but
you're gonna make the biggest gains by
being consistent in your training so
again just try to get out there neither
avoid it neither of us had an answer for
that question I'm not seeing this
question here but I want to know from
you mm-hmm for my own well-being do you
stretch if I'm gonna stretch it's gonna
be after the run when your muscles are
more warmed up before nope definitely
not before unless he do a slight warmup
run so never stretch cold don't stretch
cold can lead to injury goodbye all
right last last question I don't think
anybody asked it but I'm gonna ask it
why do you run Roberto great question I
like I personally run because is my
journey of self-discovery I want to find
out just how good can I be hit what are
my limitations and running is so pure
there's no red there's no coach you know
so pure yeah you just go out there and
you run and you just find out how good
can I be that's why I run
sweetie
all right so that that concludes kind of
our first aren't your leg was touching
my leg that's alright we'll roll with it
it's just weird when it's like two grown
men it's a lot of leg action it's a
running movie that's our first running
movie I can foresee a lot of people
saying but what but I want to know a lot
of unanswered questions but Roberto
keeps saying like this should be a
series and I think he's right so I hope
this was helpful yeah we look forward to
hearing from you guys I just got to run
enjoy the day yeah if you're thinking
about running just just run just run
keep it simple like we do
