happy Father's Day
actually it's not really much of a
special in fact this is not a regular
vlog at all I'm making this instead of a
vlog because on Father's Day I left my
cameras at home I shot nothing I really
wanted to spend the day with my family I
was gonna make a video about like what
it means to be a father but then I
realized most of the people who watch
this are not parents or fathers but
everyone who watches this either has a
father or a parent or a guardian or an
adult in their life who like helps show
them the way I thought it might be fun
to share a couple of stories from like
when I was a kid and I was a horrible
kid that's my mom and me and this is the
look that I made when she say Casey
smile for the camera what a little sheep
so this story I'm like 12 or 13 years
old and my parents had put me in summer
camp which is awesome but I was thrown
out and here's why I was thrown out
first of all I I think this is a picture
from when my parents were taking me to
summer camp that's me right there in the
Red Hot Chili Peppers hat with the
bleached hair I used to think that was
so cool
that's my dad so I hatched this
harebrained scheme to climb into the
rafters of the girls changing room and
check out all the ladies getting dressed
I know like I was a kid I was 12 years
old I don't like there this is the boys
side of the locker room this this was
the girls side of the locker room in the
middle here in the middle here was the
office and my idea is pretty simple over
like this we would climb up the rafters
here in the boys locker room
get onto the rafters we'd sneak to over
the girls locker room
where we could peer down where we could
peer down and check out all the ladies
now this is just an awful idea for a
million reasons but we did it and we
were successful and when we got over the
girls side of the locker I looked down
and now like this alright and my friend
looked over at me like that and then all
the girls looked up and all the girls
freaked out and they all like threw
towels at you like really Oh
you start shimmying backwards and then
we're over the office right here and
like the counters look up
like that or not I can't my dad had to
come get me one more story in them to go
home so this is a little older I just
got into high school now when I get to
high school like you know middle school
you're a kid and you're like everybody's
friends everybody get to high school and
all sudden they're seniors and juniors
and cool kids and not cool kids and
cliques in them and the cheerleaders and
the Nerds and that and I didn't know
where I fit it and like I really
freshman year of high school filling
with some like bad kids and like we
smoked a lot of pot and we like drank
beer and we're like and we would like
skip school and do stupid stuff like
that
and this story involves interaction with
my dad and as a debt I cannot imagine
what he must have gone me and like four
of my really don't be really dumb
friends cut school we went to my parents
house to smoke pot homemade bike shed
that my mom had built that looked like a
gingerbread house my arms a little bit
of eccentric I feel like you know a half
an hour or five of us just sat in there
smoking pot I think the school called my
dad and so that I hadn't shown up at
class so my dad drove home to see if I
was there and he gets home he can't find
me and he was like leaving the house
just as we opened the doors to the shed
and like a huge cloud of weed smoke came
out it must have smelled like a Bob
Marley concert we were like Clint it was
abundantly clear what we had been doing
up there 14 year old 13 old kid faced
the face of my dad surrounded by my
friends there's all kinds of ego and
we're going up and I'm like completely
baked off my I don't remember what to
stone them I remember that and as a pair
I just cannot imagine what that must
have been like for my dad he didn't
scream at me or like take off his belt
and beat the crap out of me then which
he should have I think he just sort of
let me go with my friends and then the
next day sat me down and gave me this
like really intense talk about drugs
which was like good parenting dad that
was absolutely the right thing to do and
kids if you're watching this right now
don't smoke box it makes you really
stupid that's why I did such a stupid
thing so that's it that's it for
father's day story time we'll be back
tomorrow with the regular vlog just
please parenting gets really really hard
so how much of jerks your parents may
seem
be really nice to them his chances are
they're trying as hard as they can all
right
happy Father's Day
