you don't like the way I look after the
grin of it you like it I don't like be
it no good
I know I haven't talked about running
often or recently or frequently as much
as I used to in the blog if you remember
my Olympic runner friend Roberto he and
I mentioned before like there is the
gang together don't worry guys
pla we talked about making like a Casey
and Roberto's guide to running we're
gonna do it it's been a busy summer case
is a busy man I'm a busy man it's all my
fault yeah see it goes like this
you got you got the fall which sucks and
then Kelly's winter and winter sucks in
spring sucks and then come summer right
then it's like or what it is because
summers here but also I have no ability
to focus on anything ever anyway in the
last couple weeks with all the travel
and my grandmother passing away and just
like there's just been no opportunity to
focus and I'm back I'm in New York right
now I can refocus and everything that's
taking place here yeah just I feel great
plus plus very exciting news
I was I was excited to flip the camera
around and have Dan be in the next shot
because I thought Dan got back from his
trip today and I missed in and I know
you want to see Dan he's not bad
is
norge damn I'm also so sick of all this
construction at three six eight look
more cans it just doesn't end you
understand these are all of our new
light so we're redoing all the lighting
in the entire space
this is them just starting to get hung
almost there and then this is this is
the front space right here like this
basics can be open to the public
eventually it's this huge nasty thing
right here it contained a staircase okay
we're getting rid of the entire thing we
got to tear apart like half the
buildings not kidding
that's me mess that's all the major
construction done for upstairs here
three six eight will be fully
operational we can build a halfpipe and
get off I'm excited it's just like I
just want it to be done
yeah yeah you know you know what the
date is today how did you know that's
why I was calling you what is this diet
that you're on buddy I'm just like very
conscious of how much garbage you can
put in your body and how much garbage
you shouldn't be putting in your body
just about losing weight and getting
jacked there's this is about getting
shred healthy out of one small Slurpee
how do we do this thank you
guys this tastes like I'm eating banana
Laffy Taffy which is by far the worst
flavor of Laffy Taffy a youtube channel
called kc just type in KC it'll be the
first name pops up what's what's your
name
alright Elijah nice to meet you you know
I tried to I tried to stop doing mail
time just cuz it I don't know it takes
up a lot of space here but people keep
sending me stuff which is awesome so for
now
Mel's harm shall continue I run one of
the biggest baby product review YouTube
channel
baby gizmo thanks Holly appreciate this
mini electric skateboard I already have
one of these
whoever sent this to me thank you and
this this will be auctioned and the
money will be given to charity Melfi
ring light I love this note he's not
asking fray he's just saying hi and he
sent me two jars of peanut butter and he
simply signed it three six eight fans
thank you thanks for my peanut butter
I'm gonna eat a whole jar urgent open
before June 29th that was 11 days ago I
hope there's not a puppy in here
Katie I didn't say three days left for
oh this is from Levi alright so Levi is
a guy who started the whole social media
campaign called run with Casey I didn't
know Levi but then I met him in Boise
and we ran together and he's like the
most awesome guy I didn't know he sent
me all this stuff but thank you for
sending it to me Duke is included a
painting I thought you might like dear
Shawn I do like this
okay c4 has it all the best Igor thanks
for these little handle things
Igor glass hello Casey here's a piece of
artwork for your new space Warren Lynn
Warren thank you
please open on camera no problem hey
guys my name is drawn on the owner of
Peres where soccer lifestyle brand
moving the brand to New York Jordan
thanks for the stuff and best of luck in
New York City man dear Casey something
to get you settled
Liza Koshi Liza Liza I'm really sorry
that you and David broke up I know it's
Oh Liza thank you
this is Liza cochise project by the way
it's like a property she's working with
they make these insulated cups and you
use these instead of using bottled water
Liza I appreciate what you're doing the
environment needs more people like you
dude you have got to see how fast my
booster board is Liza thanks for the
cups let me see do you want some candy
or peanut butter absolutely not
oh you spilled my water in my laptop
man well say goodbye to those ports dude
thanks a lot Liza Koshi are your little
boosted board hacking going on here by
Sam Scheffer I'm not good at math no
wheel at the same speed so if you put a
bigger wheel it's gonna cover more
distance the diameter every time it
turns it covers more ground
circumference is bigger even though it's
spinning at the same rate how much
faster is this then it I can hit 27 28
like I
I I know I shouldn't be doing this I
know it's not good for me but I can't
resist I'm gonna sneak another run and
this this happens to me every summer I
just love running mmm so much did I just
run twice a day every day in the summer
and toll-like late August when I'm so
injured I can barely move but I but I
just like I cannot turn this off I need
those minds well I guess that's it I
guess of all the addictions you could
have running it's not really a bad one
but man got its talents just in me this
summer
all right I'll see you tomorrow
and I'll see you tomorrow and t68 I'm
back in New York City
