it has been a hectic couple of days but
I've got a lot to share a lot of
exciting stuff mm all right three days
ago I was in Boise Idaho
how's their employee giving it talk I
never know if I do a good job at these
talks or not but here's a shot of people
applauding place it look like he did a
good job yeah there was one unexpected
but welcome surprise in Boise Idaho have
you ever heard of something called the
river surfing
all right so let me just let me just
explain what's going on here I went for
a run today and on that run we found
this spot in the dam where these guys
come and serve and it's nighttime now
but it took the whole day for us to find
wetsuits and surfboards and we're gonna
go surfing in Boise Idaho look at these
guys
putting on that lets you know it's
getting dark
all right going in do me all right I've
got you all right cause it's my first
run stand up
here we go
I give him like a 50% chance 50% chance
chris is here ago that I'm gonna go and
I'm gonna do exactly what Krista
it's so powerful
I got this Levi you gotta do this 100%
all right this is try to electric
Boogaloo
the tab number three
ten member Forks getting real dark
take five
number six we got light we got light
seven
it's so much harder than it looks
I get it I totally did it that's two
seconds of my life I'm going again
okay yeah the lights are Brooke the
lights are broken down the nights over
amazing river surfing here in Boise
Idaho thank you guys for having us
thanks for coming good to be here thanks
to the lights
it was a great 18 hours in Boise and
then I flew from Boise to Utah from Utah
back to New York then got in my car in
New York drove all the way to Cape Cod
got to Cape Cod got in a ferry boat
driving on the Beaufort no filming on
the boat
and I'm on the boat right now by the way
I drove my car onto that boat it's
taking me to Nantucket where I'm meeting
the family for our summer vacation which
I'm incredibly excited about
and maybe the best part of all of this
is that Candace and Francine are already
there waiting for me but now I get to go
see them almost there
we have almost made it the island I
cannot wait to see Candace and Francine
yeah they are if I see you hi Freddie
I'm gonna pull over over there
now Nantucket Nantucket was amazing it
was Candice and the baby and Owen and me
the whole family there we stayed in a
friend of Mines like family like guest
house situation it's a special place
there and we spent a lot of time at the
beach and just hanging out it was just
really amazing family time in a really
special place
and then the last thing that I wanted to
share with you the reason why I took a
little break from uploading is that my
my grandmother died and it's it's sucks
it's sad she's my last grandparent last
living grandparent and yeah I don't know
I when things like that happen when you
lose someone especially a family member
I for me it's just always a time to like
pause and stop and appreciate what
what's most important to you in life and
I'm not angry she lived a very full life
she's an old lady she's almost 90 when
she died
but I'm mostly he's like sad for my mom
you know I lost a grandmother but I saw
a couple times a year and and I'll miss
her and it makes me sad that I'll never
see her again
but my mom lost her mother and that's
that's I couldn't imagine so so we spent
some time with my mom and I don't know
that's what that's what the last little
bit of time has been like for me so it
was both like it's this juxtaposition of
like celebrating life and family and
summertime and all the things that are
wonderful in life and then on the other
side is sort of something really sad and
difficult in life all right that's it
start end and kind of a down note but
yeah I'll see you tomorrow I always say
that but I will I'll see you tomorrow
you
