you don't take care
I don't want you to think I'm being
insensitive by filming this I have her
permission
but it's 7 a.m. and Candace and I are on
our way to the hospital because
Candace's
just left
it hurts down there she hurt her finger
two days ago but the finger just kept
getting bigger and bigger and bigger so
we call their dad he's a doctor and he
said after of the hospital so they can
cut it open I was in the hospital you
took care of me yeah you were so good
are you nervous yeah if they say you're
not right I know so nice not to cry it's
so nice for everybody
do you feel like they write for the
second mm-hmm I can finally relax are
you're excited about Stan spending the
night in the hospital
that's horrible watch TV we're still the
emergency room it's freezing in there so
they gave us blankets we have now been
here for four hours and this brought
snacks it's good right we've been here
for six hours now they moved us out of
our room
she's asleep otherwise I wouldn't be
complaining if I were to feel bad doing
it he's not even in the room honey
don't move your hand that's just my
finger was he in my bone he was being so
careful and so gentle
that's a hospital adventure is over it's
2:45 so though that was a seven and a
half hour adventure how's your thumb
you know when it's situations like that
somebody needs you number one priority
she would have done it for me so he'll
complain that's like
that's really so nice thank you
see when I broke my leg is being rebuilt
out of metal I was in the hospital for
like I don't know what had to have been
eight days maybe throughout that entire
time day and night Candace was there and
we were broken up at the time I called
her from the hospital she was like I'll
come right there and she was there she
like stuck by me day in and day out when
she would leave to like go home and take
a nap or go to work for a minute I was
like call her in a total state of panic
he'd be like I mean there were a couple
times when I called her crying literally
like cry like a baby get back here to
come back to the hospital I was at a
place called st. Vincent's which they
shut down like I froze there they shut
it down and on top of that I was sharing
a hospital room with a guy from the
tried to commit suicide I really tried
to kill himself was handcuffed to the
bed like this he had tried to come self
by jumping off a building so that both
of his legs broken his arms broken he's
sitting there in the bed next to me just
screaming his head off and this was my
bunkmate sort of like police officers in
there it was horrible and when they
finally let me go it was Candice that
like came and got me
drove me to my house in Connecticut and
then looked after me there for weeks
until I was like able to move again in a
wheelchair
thanks for the stuff GoPro brought low
and GoPro supplies per second I haven't
entirely figured out drones yes I love
aerial cinematography and they're really
super fun to fly sometimes and I use
them in my videos it feels really good
organic natural and other times it just
sort of feels like gratuitous beautiful
cinematography and the truth is figuring
these things out I think it's just gonna
take time they do present amazing
opportunities to diversify the kind of
imagery give amazing context to a scene
but these things are just so damn fun to
fly you end up shooting all this footage
then you feel like you have to use it
and then they can get boring fast I'm
working on it I'm updating the firmware
in this thing so I can actually fly it
you know one thing I did want to bring
up is people love giving me a hard time
for how I treat my equipment namely my
drone hence having crashed six drones
and having to buy a seven today there
was a time in my life when I was a
struggling dirt poor filmmaker and when
that was the case I had one camera and I
kept it in this enormous padded case on
my back all the time and because it was
in a case on my back it meant I missed a
lot of stuff the minute I treat them as
something precious I'm afraid to use
them I'm afraid to like strap it to my
backpack and just grab and go that's
what I stopped being able the most
effective way possible I feel like I'm
trying to do something with these things
and sometimes I just up and break them
I do love drones though until you've
flown one there's no way to really
understand just how fun they are
plus there really isn't a better way to
end an episode then with the drone
flying off into the sunset also just
wanted to mention boosted to and boosted
for our back in San Francisco there
fixed all four boards right where they
belong
