I don't think police officers should
ride on segways there's just there's no
way to ride a Segway with dignity I'm in
San Francisco I'm here for work whatever
last night I was looking for a hotel
room online and like this fancy hotel
had rooms for super crazy cheap by 50%
off so this is the room it's not so bad
it's very small it's not so bad
look at the view concrete
so this is what my view was up
in your fridge
hit it with my head up my luggage
interesting side note a couple years ago
I made a video where commercial for
j.crew suits
and we shot part of it in this Lobby no
permission that no permits nothing we
just shot it
just as I was leaving that hotel a
lovely young lady I think her name was
Melissa came up to me introduced herself
as the head of public relations or
something for the hotel I just want to
clear I wasn't complaining about my view
the room was like a super great price
great deal I had a wonderful stay I had
I hope I didn't get you in trouble for
climbing on the roof and here in San
Francisco for the day for a bunch of
business meetings the beam wants last
week was insane hundreds of thousands of
new users more people are downloading it
every single day so I'm out here meeting
with my investors and advisors just to
discuss what the future of the company
looks like honestly it's not
particularly interesting blog material
so if you want to stop watching right
now I totally understand
Candice just left me a message she said
she ate a cheeseburger at the airport in
Mexico before she left and now she's
she's sick a poor girl
boosted board expert if you have any
questions it's pretty much body like I
got like four or five days woody are you
good at it
not really how do you fall it off of it
yet yeah you have you didn't get hurt
good luck with it
that's it I finished my meetings here in
San Francisco I'm now getting in the car
driving out to do more meetings out
there getting my car drive to the
airport get on a plane fly back to New
York that's what my day looks like is it
leave you in the car yeah yeah I don't
see it there you go thank you very much
thank you
in a part of the world called Menlo Park
California I got 18 minutes before my
next meeting it's ten minutes away which
means I've got eight minutes to spare
two things that I'm catching fell for in
the comment section right now one that I
missed an upload I didn't miss an upload
I just didn't upload one day I still
made the video my deal was that make a
video every day just another connection
I was in Mexico everybody just take it
easy the videos there I would have
uploaded it had I had a connection
just trying to do my vlog thing here you
know Silicon Valley is a valley and I'm
on my way out of here I'm on my way to
the airport done with my meetings and
the clouds are coming over them it's the
most beautiful thing I just have to
share this with you
and I got a really take it in because
tomorrow it's back to the city for me
welcome back little guy
at this moment you're probably asking
yourself hey Casey
we're supported from that drone that
just landed behind you well it's 10:15
in the p.m. I'm waiting for my flight in
the airport and I'm here to tell you I
lost a memory card that had all the
footage on it from that amazing drone
flight that I spent 40 minutes doing it
screw up these episodes all the time
sorry now back to our regularly
scheduled program
I'm on my way to the airport but my
flight tonight is a red-eye I don't
wanna have to sleep in my jean so I'm
just buying a pair of pair of sweatpants
not my stop pull them down this line
pretty strong a lot of people behind
this is me
thank you the boy definitely number one
definitely number one that is an empty
hallway empty behind me too
number one I don't know why this gives
me so excited
all right San Francisco things for a
great day it's 11:30 now going back to
New York
hope you had a nice flight
