the fingers painful
it is a scorcher out here today welcome
to 360
doing a little exterior work today at 3
6 8 HQ we're painting the facade
New York City landmark laws and you can
get away with so much in the city but
when it comes like actually building
stuff is an enormous enormous pain in
the ass so we're able to overcome that
we're making the exterior of 368
absolutely absolutely beautiful this was
not from either of my two children but I
appreciate this nonetheless in case you
revived in have you the Father's Day
present your friends at fatherly and
Gillette this is not a paid whatever I
wasn't aware I had friends at Gillette
but thank you for this lovely razor and
shaving cream house time with her wife
going man oh it's great so she's happy
she's so started do you think you'd ever
look here that's yeah I mean that's part
of the plan every year once a year
Candice is a photo shoot for her company
so she has pictures from our website and
stuff like that today is that once a
year day
what are you wearing
yeah the extension cord I never
understand people's willingness to
endure and struggle through something we
make and just solve the problem
whap it why would you not just solve the
problem and install it's not that
complicated just stick it in the window
you know all right look it in
four minutes problem solved
Hey ac number two is in
I didn't know you're coming back you
call me okay so this is Terrell we're
just talking about being a model in New
York City now isn't just about being the
best looking you're like having the best
energy yep but that you have to have a
certain amount of social media followers
to get booked that's that's definitely a
true fact because I've definitely
multiple bookings such I think it's
Macy's you need um pink 30,000 they
won't even book you without ya like you
need like the followers influence over
life people of our age group especially
since I'm 22 so okay so I think that's
bull so what I'm going to do is I'm
going to link your Instagram handle
right there so you can get the job with
Macy's oh what's your count now here let
me see your feet okay so Carly jor-el
has 4815 followers this will be an
interesting looks pair and look at these
great photos what's a
yo if it does go the remainder of this
photo shoot is taking place in the roof
all the girls here from the city with
the bags from the windows of the many
singing the song would shit
the other realtor in the chair right so
we're gonna be scratch it next time I
see you maybe we get that Instagram
hopefully okay yeah bye honey she's five
months pregnant and runs two companies
you know my wife and I were both
footballs to take our work very
seriously that's the glue that binds us
are we doing tattoos are we gonna do
tattoo review Tuesday because I can't
feel tech review Tuesday today because
the Sony camera never showed up
okay tattoo review Tuesday are you down
Tuesday Tuesday okay I talked about
doing tattoos in the window of 360 is
our first art installation this is
Jeremy he's a tattoo artist and just a
regular artist Jeremy Oh Jeremy and I
used to work together but I had to fire
him because we look too much alike
miss you I'm in a circus okay this is
the first cities philosophy okay this is
the first contact go one of these why
are we doing touching you say is this
your idea my idea your idea do you make
this me this morning
tattoo Tuesday
didn't always turn
see the idea with this front space at
three six eight there's not two just
have like a retail outlet where we sell
t-shirts but they have it'd be like an
active there's always something going on
and that's why we're gonna start with
Jeremy having is like tattoo parlor here
and then they'll be an area over there
where you can't actually buy stuff it's
a way of having a part of three six
eight be interactive with the public and
open to the public
when is this am I making any sense yeah
these canals just waiting for you to say
there's gonna be a skate trap the public
that's never for the public that's for
us I'm sorry that the legalities of
having a public skate park okay so all
that's left now is the bit that goes
onto my hand and onto my finger and we
are done
brace yourself for this rose water the
fingers painful
all right so this tattoo that says New
York City's summer 2018 and really I
just drew this in like two seconds on a
cardboard box over there and Jeremy put
it on my arm but the reason why I got
this is like all of my tattoos are sort
of notes that capture like a moment in
my life I've made a movie about this
it's linked below and summer 2018 is
like the last summer where before
Kinison I have another kid it's the last
time with just one baby in the house
it's maybe even my last summer where I
live in New York City it's the first
summer where I started 368 it's the
first summer where the Dan was here and
this is just it just feels like I really
I really like this year has been a
inflection point like a turning point in
my whole life and this is just a way to
capture that moment forever I'll see you
back from my trip
a French I'll see you in a week
