this is gonna look cool watch the Sun
sweep across the sand here did that look
cool I don't know why I thought it was a
good idea to make plans who have surfing
at 6:00 a.m. today I went to bed at 4:30
last night I'm almost a wage I like 80%
way
okay I'm like 90% of what almost 90%
away morning morning
do you have an extra well I've not ever
actually nothing
she thought I actually was good enough
in surfing that I'd have an extra
wetsuit and it's not even my board I
made Max wake up that lives in my
building that has a sort of workout
that's a bet that there's a huge fan of
yours does he have a surfboard here's
the situation
I made Max wake up at the crack of dawn
to go surfing with me but I didn't check
to see if you had an extra surfboard or
an extra what I don't which I don't
yeah one of us is ready one of us is
prepared right now max is gonna paddle
out without me I'm gonna do some recon
on the boosted board try to find a
surfboard somewhere I'm not gonna find a
surfboard
and none of these places are appointed
see this is a place here that rent stuff
but it's completely it's completely
closed I gotta jump in right yeah yeah
you came to the beach with leather
sneakers sweat face a kind of city
slicker are you taking my clothes off on
the jumpin in my underwear
it's so cold
therefore that should fit you a large ok
wait wait
exactly thank you for coming through a
mail problem I always will be there yeah
and then port is part one right there
waiting right underwear to dry
and like shows up out of nowhere it
gives us a let's see in the surf court
what la wanna go surfing let's do it
okay I'll delete that please this is a
little too revealing I don't know how I
feel about all pixelated I'm gonna pick
up it up black bar oh I don't wanna I
don't want this to be seen max thanks
for the surf trip thanks for the
smoothie yeah this is more appropriate
see you later today maybe where are you
gonna be I'm all over the city I don't
think I'm gonna see you again
you might I hope so 5 at 5:00
morning morning yeah you want to take a
first bin later on do you want to have
sit in the lobby and I said in the do
you want to have do you want to meet for
breakfast that's my second cappuccino
Matt had one I copy my room I don't know
that I've ever seen you it was dark when
I checked into this hotel room but look
at the view from this room this is
ridiculous
Santa Monica all right that's it the fun
part of the day is over and it's only
10:00 a.m. now we have a meeting in a
meeting and a meeting and then I'm gonna
try and leave town
Matt's all booked to stay here until
tomorrow but I'm gonna try and get out
tonight it is killing me that Candice
and Francine are like 1,200 miles that
way and I can't go see them so I'm gonna
try to make that happen today
this is meeting number one I'm gonna
leave the camera in the car okay meeting
number two right now leaving the camera
in the car it's just not appropriate to
bring a camera these business meetings
that meeting went really well
there were like these paparazzi here a
minute ago chasing down some celebrity
it was the most predatory thing I'd ever
seen like ten days was huge like but
cameras like chasing this woman down the
sidewalk it was a jarring I'm afraid to
take this camera knocks I don't want
people to think that I'm one of those
guys I'm not just a youtuber not some
monster paparazzo I'd got about 45
minutes to kill so we came up here to
enjoy this outrageously amazing view of
Hollywood and then the city's right
there
in light it's very important to stop
take a minute
appreciate your surroundings and then go
back to living making friends Oliver
Ellen this is it meeting number three
last meeting of the day then I'm gonna
try to get an airplane ticket and get
out of here
I haven't booked one yet so I don't know
if there any available but I do want to
leave Los Angeles today Matt just left
me - the last meeting and I got on a
flight but it leaves 23 minutes from the
airport I will not miss this plane yeah
I've been trying to hide it and probably
not doing a very good job but but I've
been completely freaking out because I
haven't seen Francine and so long she's
so little like data is one of like two
words she knows how to say and she's
growing up so fast it's it's just been
killing me like eating me from the
inside killing me not seeing her so I'm
racing to Texas to see that cute little
munchkin and now we'll bring back my
spirits so I'm sorry if I've been gloomy
at all I just like it's eating away at
me
I'm gonna miss my flight
try I've just been sitting here for like
45 like copies not moving I can get out
of my car look at traffic all the way
back it's not moving nothing's moving
I've gone around the block like ten
times there's no other way around this
it's just like literally stop traffic in
every I just checked on like every
single travel site I could find there
are no later planes tonight to Texas
it's I make this flight at 7:30 right
now at 6:15
I make this flight at 7:30 or I'm stuck
in California for the night you've no
idea how much this sucks it's I'm sorry
see that car that car just went the
wrong direction that is the right idea
I'm sorry I have to subject you to this
anger and hostility but nothing makes me
upset like this it's just like I just
want to see my baby and it's completely
out of my control it's like there's
nothing I can do I'm just trapped here I
need myself two and a half hours so yeah
30 minutes the airport all right I'm
moving this movement is very positive
this is a major breakthrough and I'm
back in traffic it's moving it's moving
back in traffic but I'm very very close
to the airport here's the thing though
if I do get the airport in time I still
have to return this rental car so I'm
gonna go straight to the airport like
check-in get my ticket drop my bags all
that stuff then return the rental car
this rental car could really screw
things up for me if I'm able to make it
all
did you already print up new text for
your bag zero okay this is all
self-serving you got to do it we're
gonna board before okay well I got the
tickets and bags check now I gotta get
rid of this car it's still there this
might happen we might make a full
recovery at the airport rental her turn
good how you doing all right you need a
receipt no no no you're good take care
I'll see you on Twitter right hold the
bus out the bus let me have that bus we
have this bus thank you thank you okay
I'm through security
I just want to apologize earlier I think
I was going to make this flight now I
just freaked out and I'm sorry goodbye
thank you
I made it to Texas it's like 1:00 in the
morning I'm just waiting to get my map
boosted board I can't wait to see my
girls but I'm gonna and this right here
makes me feel like a superhero you know
yeah
