just knocked over an entire flowerpot
worth of water onto the table with all
of my electronics on it looked at this
stuff's all soaked I think we're gonna
go to the museum now it's cloudy out
today
I forgot the blades I took it apart I
put it in my backpack
I spilt the plant water all over
everything
and I didn't bring the drop of blades
how do I forget
helicopter blades saw them so excited so
excited to fly my drone and I set it up
and I forgot all the blades because when
I was rushing out of the house that's
where I knocked over that plant and all
the water flooded all of my electronics
the plant on the table
is there anything you want to say
just say something funny so I can sup so
people will think say nice things about
you in the block everybody always says
smile yeah
see Kenneth always love the trouble is
this is what she looks like when she
smiles it's not super pretty so we
prefer her just to look like this like
normal Candace I'm not kidding Candace
talked about getting a facelift and I
told her this is what she would look
like if she didn't talk about getting a
facelift
you said Botox oh no I said I wanted to
get this filled in oh don't do that
Candace and her mom and her then went
shopping at the mall I came home I
explained them I had to work I didn't
have to work my friend Nick is on his
way here to get me
he and I are gonna go on a little hike
whole nature hike our plan was to hike
up by Lions head but it's currently
consumed by a gigantic cloud so you
can't see it into those clouds yeah well
that's where we wanted to go this is
gotta be and the hell did you go I think
we took a detour via Madagascar we're
going up lions head here normally I run
up this but Nick Nick stretchy over here
is injured so we're gonna walk today so
I've got a backpack on some running
probably would have been tricky anyway
what's wrong with your knee ligament
issue at the moment we're moving here
nick is uh totally fine okay that crazy
cloud they pointed out from the house we
are now above that cloud clear as can be
up here house is somewhere in there I
just checking in on the knee yeah it's
all good
good luck guys good luck at your high
camera daddy coming back to get it is a
huge bits just like it's like quick
behind the scenes shot yeah yeah that
was the behind the scenes shot and now
it's in the mainframe
whenever you on a vlog you feel like you
have to perform you can't just be like
yeah I'm ready
you've like I was born right honest I
need you to perform whoa the clouds have
moved in we did not get to the top we
will go to the top but we didn't get
there and now we're going down oh god
Nick here is the fan of photography and
he saw the clouds and some something
he's making us climb down to get some
beautiful picture just the magic in my
heart that you thought of ringing and I
want to go down so we're going down
I just want to apologize for the regular
viewers of this vlog this week's can be
very drone heavy because I just got this
thing and until I crash it into a body
of water there's going to be a lot of
droning in the vlog that's it we made it
you're here oh man this is not a tough
line by the way they're usually like
children up here
those kids e-pass will be up here
we are such a this is like the most
tranquil nature I could get up it's
silent and we have like a bunch of older
people yell at us about how noisy this
thing is it is literally like a flying
lawn it's so what's your budget because
you can tell me what you want first tell
you what I want okay so he wants a two
carat emerald cuts to have to be nice
quality because they're clear it's a
great budget but not for a two carat
stone what do you do are you this is so
boring for anybody to hear I'm even
stopping myself and sorry I didn't know
you were gonna tell a story I was gonna
do like a little bit like brought away
to the waterfront for dinner now this is
a South African tow truck right here
this is how tow trucks worked in South
Africa you see the rope yeah a rope it's
like it's a bunch of belts strung
together
we're at the mall to have dinner look
how cute those flowers I bought them
oh I knocked those over this morning
spilled them all over my electronics how
do you look we just finished dinner look
at this space
no not that face look at that face
look at that Fang Janice's mom wants to
be in the vlog she paid for dinner so
thanks Jude that's Candace is on can you
talk to your daughter about wanting her
to be on the blog more for that face
it's very hard to tell them apart one is
bigger probably like 5 inches but
besides that look at that from behind
it's uncanny
do you want this
do you want this Nick ate the rest of my
dinner he a dress of Candice's mother's
dinner he throw some Candice's benek
he still looks amazing you are a
terrible driver
I am so much better than you are perfect
car for my size you can do it
it's 11 o'clock at night we just got
home we left the baby with the sitter
and the baby is still wide awake you
should bring it back okay
oh Sh we lost it Casey return to home
yes
just say yes weak signal aircraft
disconnected why does it oh no I am
literally the world's worst round pilot
oh there it is
it's Kovac it's good here
