so being a youtuber it's the greatest
job ever and because of this job and
what I do I've gotten to do some of the
most incredible things that I could have
ever imagined when I was a kid and I
think the greatest thing about being a
youtuber about being creator having a
big audience has been the people that
I've gotten to meet and when I think of
all the people that I get to meet like
what is the most what's the most special
in there at the very apex of that
pyramid at the very very top has been
the individuals I've gotten to meet
through the make-a-wish Foundation and
make-a-wish is an organization that
takes very sick young people and kids
and grants them a wish maybe they want
to get a Disneyworld or surf in Hawaii
or go to a movie set and there's been a
couple of kids whose dream it's been is
was to meet me and one of those young
people was a young man by the name of
Errol and maybe you saw the episode I'll
link it below but arrow came here to the
studio and we hung out and we got to
know each other and he's like a
fantastic musician and we went to the
park and he played the piano and we had
lunch with Candice and we drove around
on a limousine and like greatest day
ever and at the end of like this awesome
day I said there was like arrow like why
me like why do want to pick me I know
you don't want to be a youtuber why me
and he was like Casey I've seen how you
can bring attention to causes you
believe in and I wanted to talk to you
about bringing attention to a cause that
I believed in and at the end of that it
was like the reason why this kid used
his one wish to spend time with me is
because he thought working with me would
be an amazing Avenue to bring attention
to others who are in need like a total
act of selflessness but all he wanted to
do was to help others
I got just like blew my mind you know
when I was his age I was like smoking
pot and chasing girls and here's this
young man who's sick trying to trying to
spend his life to help others so so that
was a that was that was many months ago
that he and I connected and loosely kept
in touch and kept track of Eros since we
spent that wonderful day together and a
family friend of his reached out to me
on about a week ago letting me know
Eero wasn't doing well and then they got
in touch with me yesterday let me know
that Errol had passed away if you watch
the video below he doesn't seem sick
which is it's even harder for me to
really understand because um in any
event he's no longer with us and you
know anytime I experience a loss of life
or someone I cared about our new goes
away it just makes me really stop and
think of what matters the most like what
is most important and I love things like
I get excited about all my stupid
boosted boards and I get excited about
like camera gear and I get excited about
flying cars and and I get excited about
work and I mean I'm a very I I can get
obsessive about almost anything but but
really what matters and the only thing
that matters is my relationship are your
relationships with other people
something that I've I say a lot
something I really believe in is that a
life not shared is a life not lived if
you don't share your life and share your
happiness with other people and let
other people into your life then are you
really living then what's the point
so I'm just taking pause today to stop
and think about all the people in my
life that I love and I appreciate and
maybe you want to stop and just take a
moment to think about the people in your
lives that you appreciate because it's
easy to get caught up in the and the
 and forget about what really
matters I also just wanted to say I
Romero's family friend they said that it
was like his right up until the end he
was mostly concerned with how he could
help others so all linked cancer gogo
which is arils nonprofit which his
parents are maintaining to help kids and
help people who were affected like he
was I'll link that in the description
below if you don't even give him a
dollar they're trying to have everybody
give him a dollar okay now I want to
sing you a song yes
sing all of you a song I'm not gonna
really sing it's I can't sing but I want
to share with you the lyrics of one of
my favorite songs which for me puts
things in perspective okay this song is
called do you realize by the Flaming
Lips and it's it's an incredible song
but it goes this is part of it but it
goes do you realize that everyone you
know will someday die and instead of
saying all of your good-byes let them
know you realize that life goes fast
it's hard to make the good things last
you realize that the Sun doesn't go down
it's just an illusion caused by the
world spinning round okay
life goes fast Hogman the good things I
realize undone
just in
caused by the
spinning
