your office know it's a lot
I'll be doing I don't know just a lot
okay
should we go in okay for those of you
just joining us
dan and I are in the former dollar pizza
we're on our way to get coffee and the
door was just like left slightly open
dan back in the day the best dollar
Keith's in the city was there seriously
there's no one in here a new restaurant
oh dude it's so gross it's like sticky
dough this is Dan and Casey reporting
live from the unlocked closed down
former dollar pizza so we got in a
restaurant review restaurant you two
thumbs to the proprietors of roll to go
dollar pizza you left record or a lock
damn can I see the new movie at the end
of today my server at the end the day
cuz you don't want to show it to me
because it's not done mmm a little bit
of this okay
bitch yeah okay I just want to say
before I see it that I thought your
intro to yesterday's tech Tuesday was
filmmaking perfection linked below if
you haven't seen it so I was reading
some YouTube comments and I read poeple
that really hurt my feelings and I
wanted to address them the gist of these
negative comments were like what
happened to three six eight I knew it
was bullsh this is just a regular vlog
why don't you talk about three six eight
anymore three six eight is a fraud you
don't know anything about business
look it hurts my feelings because it's
wrong and I took all this time in a
previous episode to explain as clearly
as I could to these haters that less
sharing intention more sharing action I
said this yet these people these haters
these mega Megatron's are bringing me
down and it made me think of one of my
favorite fake Chinese proverbs which is
people who say it can't be done should
not interrupt those who are doing it I'm
doing it stop interrupting me with your
negative YouTube comments that are
hurting my feelings
so this update is for those haters
those doubters let me show you a little
bit of what 3 6 8 has been up
you see once the Death Star is fully up
once three six eight is fully
operational then almost every episode
the narrative of every episode will be
about three six eight
doesn't mean what I'm making progress a
lot of progress remember how it used to
be one gigantic huge open space well now
we put it in a wall to see this wall
this makes this fun fun space break its
own little space and what we're gonna do
with this like separate room we're gonna
make this room a retail space like a
space that's open to the public it's not
open to the public yet but it will be
open to the public construction team
this space will be open to the public
this would be a retail store this will
be an art installation space for the
first first exhibition we're gonna do
we're putting a tattoo artist in here
and in the window you can come and watch
him do tattoos closes it opens up the
front space to the back space it's not
something that we need or are interested
also maybe hard to tell on camera but
it's all a beautiful shade of white back
here because we painted the entire space
you might notice it's a little bit
darker in here than it used to be that's
because we tore out all of the track
lighting so you could be tracked lights
that run the entire length of this space
we tore them all out we're gonna redo
all the lighting that's happening that's
happening now that's what this is all
about and you see the investments in new
hardware here we've got 265 inch cubes
and then right here we have the
granddaddy the biggest Hewett on the
market eighty eight incher we're not a
hundred percent sure where these
monitors are gonna be used but I think
the eighty eight incher is gonna be for
our new gaming setup this is
this is excited the three six eight
kitchen the kitchen this is where we can
have our dinners this is where we cannot
creators who do like cooking channels
and stuff like that coming prepare a
meal for people it's being built out
right now this is the countertop bar
area they'll be a sink here there's
gonna be a stove here a refrigerator
here and then look look at this right
here we already put in water we had to
put water in here we had a pipe plumbing
pipe with the this is water we had to
put this in you know complicated that is
and probably most importantly the three
six eight team is being built out can't
introduce them yet because there's an HR
process that we have to work through but
you'll know I'm soon enough sorry guys
it's okay
you see three six eight the idea the
business it's all predicated on first
having the perfect space and lower
Manhattan for creators until we have
that we can't really kick things off and
that's what we've been focused on it's
been just under two months we've made
significant progress and well we're
almost there
that over there that's Queens that over
there that's that's Manhattan I'm headed
to Queens
it's a lovely place I don't know if I've
actually ever been there in the blog
before lovely place and now I'm in
Queens not entirely sure where to where
to go
right on Jackson Avenue left on 21st
Street see as much as I love this city I
seldom leave like a 10 to 15 block
radius around worthy offices so this is
a part of the world called Long Island
City
it's called Long Island City but it's
it's actually Queens it's still very
much so New York City but short of
running the New York City Marathon which
comes through here I don't think I've
ever been to Long Island City before
it's awesome out here alright I'm back
in Manhattan let me explain what
happened I was all the way out in Long
Island City because my dear friend Gary
Vaynerchuk who's also one my favorite
people on planet Earth asked me to do
something with his his company out there
and of course like any excuse to work
with Gary his team was amazing and they
gave me directions but then I was like I
was like Dorothy seeing the Emerald City
for the first time Long Island City was
awesome and I was like checking the
place out and I was wandering around and
then before I know it I got super lost
and then I was trying to call his people
and then my phone died and what Google
Maps it would be a 20-minute trip ended
up being an hour and 45 minutes and well
now I gotta be home to relieve the
babysitter in ten so Gary I'm sorry
Gary's team a friendly sorry for just
totally screwing the pooch on this one
I hope hope you're not mad at me
all right we are out here outside of
Shake Shack it's like 10 of midnight Dan
when you said later today I didn't know
this is what you meant buddy I got I got
a baby at home
I know Grove and I just had to get it
perfect I ate it until it's perfect at 8
o'clock exactly don't and it goes up
okay all right this is it I'm putting in
Dan's headphones and I'm watching Dan's
movie called we are not friends for the
very first time
oops sorry it's pretty great dad like
some of the most intense animation and
just graphics I've seen on YouTube go
check out Dan's movie it's is that a
good description it's linked below I'll
see you tomorrow
