you think you'd be happy there sure I
think I'd be happier there than I would
be in LA I'm a hundred percent certain
I'd be happy now Candace wants to move
to Texas we don't first of all we only
be two and half hours from a family
are we getting coffee yeah actually yeah
I know this conversation about leaving
New York City and moving somewhere else
to be going on for a really long time
but with baby watermelon it feels like
it's more serious now I do think in two
years time there's very little chance
we'll still be living in this city with
two kiddos and just be a lot thank you
goodbye pregnant you mean princess
princess oops sorry
my car hit that car
this right here it's a new monitor the
old one died after being left on 24
hours a day seven days a week for seven
straight years Marlin Candice was upset
because you're the one of the first
people I told about her being pregnant
you really think she was upset she was
upset she was upset because I told you
before she told her own mother and I was
like Marlins like family I got it yeah
but I thought I totally I can't keep
secrets from you your kids we're going
to get juice you want to juice green
juice are fruity no I get my green juice
drop it in my truck all right Marlon oh
I get it
come & get it come on refrigerator just
Dan how's your relationship with Marlon
coming along it's good
I even phoned him from my news
moving juice do you feel like you've got
a handle on the city yet really JC so
this is a huge week in the life of Dan
maze because on Thursday you want me to
say it No Gabby arrives gabby is Dan's
longtime love of his life girlfriend who
has been in South Africa and she's
coming to visit the boy and now I've
been for two and a half months without
her company and it feels like I've been
half a human I know are you gonna do
like a rose petals on the bed kind of
thing like a romantic when you see here
with this video go die before she gets
here because
okay so for today's tech review Tuesday
I got you juice thank you
I got you juice all right let's see it's
called love at first sight but look it's
really it's like the healthiest healthy
one they make yeah and this one is tasty
too what is this it says your name on it
Marlon no no I said you see this draw I
love you yeah it looks nice right it
looks exactly like you yeah okay I think
that was for false starts now I can
start tech review Tuesday dan roll the
intro
today in tech review Tuesday we're gonna
talk to cell phones now I'm gonna be
reviewing the one plus six which I just
got not even opened yet
before I do my general thoughts on cell
phones as of June 2018 goes like this
my favorite mobile phone operating
system is pure Android running on the
pixel 2 but I still carry an iPhone
because an iPhone has iMessage and
FaceTime which are the best messaging
and video television
on the market also the iPhone goes to
the Apple watch which integrates pretty
well with the running apps that I use my
favorite cell phone camera is the
samsung galaxy s 9 it's the best low
it's just the best cell phone camera on
the market right now but it's still not
my favorite phone my favorite phone is
still the Samsung Note 8 and it's the
best because because it has a stylus and
S Pen and it operates more like a
computer than a phone and that makes it
my favorite now a look at the 1 plus 6
right off the bat it's got one Hardware
feature that I think should be required
on every phone made and that has a
physical switch that takes it from
ringer to vibrate we're reaching a point
with cell phones where at least from the
front they all looked the same just kind
of slide the glass curve the glass back
on the oneplus does feel pretty sexy
it's got a notch in the top right there
like an iPhone one thing it does have
that super interesting is that when you
use the provided charger this thing goes
from zero to a full day's charge in 30
minutes at least that's what they say
just a quick thought for all cell phone
manufacturers on planet Earth we as
consumers will always prefer a slightly
longer battery life to a phone that's
like a millimeter thinner
okay let's compare the size differences
here are fairly negligible this is the
one plus now as I was setting up the
phone to go to a quick photo test I set
up the facial recognition the facial
scanner the face to unlock like the
iPhone 10s
it seems pretty great seems to work
about as well as the iPhone 10 one thing
it does have that the iPhone 10 does not
have though is a fingerprint scanner and
addition to the facial scanning so I
like the idea of having that the
redundancy in case I've got glasses or a
motorcycle helmet or something blocking
my face there's still the fingerprint
scanner there now this is by no means a
super comprehensive camera quality test
but there's some amazing light out this
afternoon so I'm just gonna take the
same picture across these four phones
that's the pixel to excel the iPhone 10
the Samsung Galaxy S 9 and then the one
plus 6 and I can't stress how lovely the
light is right now so I'm sure all these
pictures gonna look great okay
this is more of a challenging lighting
condition this is to test out the
dynamic range
minigolf
all right now I'm gonna do an indoor
test I just need a I'll go get another
juice so the lighting in here is like
your typical indoor lighting so let's
let's just
the hard one
all right so this would be the last
photo test I do this is just your basic
selfie photo nothing special about this
I'm just gonna turn it on selfie smile
and take a picture all right and that
concludes the photo test portion of this
review I gotta say out of this go back
to the studio
so overall the camera's not bad I think
that compared to the pixel 2 or the
iPhone 10 or the Samsung S 9 it's not
quite as good these are the top cell
phone cameras on the market right now
and I think the the 1 plus 6 is is good
it's definitely good enough it's
definitely better than most cameras of
last year's generation but it doesn't it
doesn't take the prize for the best
camera on the market
so in conclusion in conclusion is that
this is not a fully comprehensive review
this was more of an unboxing because I
just got this thing I'm going to take my
sim card out of this and put it into
this to test it out for the next week or
so and I'll do a little update not as a
tech review Tuesday but just as like a
part of a different episode to let you
know what I really think of this cell
phones remain my single favorite piece
of technology if you're interested in
working in media youtuber filmmaker
photographer you can literally build an
entire career using nothing but your
cellphone's alright I'll see you
tomorrow on 3 6 8
