Francine how excited are you for your
new baby sister so much
summertime is here it's a Saturday in
New York City a hot sunny warm summer
Saturday these are my favorite days of
the whole year and I am on my way to
meet some of my favorite people in all
of New York City or for lunch because
that's what you do on the weekends
you're aware that how I'm supposed to
meet them 1:56 you
156 East 7th
East second second East second
yo where's your wife and your baby in
your kid ah right I got to show you this
yeah this was today look how many cute I
want to join that gang I want to get Jen
to do we need to be on the remote
control surfing I know I want to join up
with these guys in there that would be
happy breakfast has been great
we're gonna get ice cream okay
you want a bike just a splint
so we spent this afternoon shopping
Candice got a pair of shoes covered in
glitter did you get him or did they send
him to you
we left our son dan at his apartment a
few hours ago but now we have to head
back to the studio on the weekend
because Dan needs help for his movie and
I promised him that I would help him and
we're being good we're being good good
parents too young Dan and this is what
it's like to raise a family in New York
City
hold my hand
daddy's in watch for cars thank you sir
this is just the hallway sweet huh
Franny who's this who's this who's that
yes yes very good yeah ready whoa no no
can't touch that sweetheart
that's called a switchblade come pitch
me your movies I don't know what we're
making I can't okay
the idea is ever since the first day I
arrived in US are we wearing the same
outfit every damned so the first the
first time I saw you unboxing something
and then and then I saw a camera falling
and the way that you interact with it
and then us
I saw the drone symmetry and all these
broken bits and pieces I was like
imagine the gear had feelings what they
would feel like okay and then I was like
maybe I should make a movie about how
the gear feels to be treated the way
that it does and then I was like maybe
it's larger than that and maybe they
behave a certain way because because
they they want something from you and
then I brought in Danny who's an
animator and together we've kind of made
this this foam about like breaking down
the reasons why you treat your gear
completely differently to anyone else
and I think we found out why and that's
kind of what the film is okay I'm
excited it's nice it's like it's a
mystery movie but there's a lot of
realism like when you watch it you like
maybe that could be I do keep all of my
old broken gear see this here this is
the drone cemeteries all my broken all
of these cameras here are indeed broken
all of these camera boxes are from
season one of the vlog that's what's
what what are these monitors here oh so
this is outside this is outside the door
you came in and then this is the other
studio space
okay dan one more time my line is thanks
Marlin see they already shot the part
with Marlin in it so this is like this
is like a like a they're gonna cut it
together and make it look like Marlin
good great the first time this is only
about 1 shot 1 take 1 take 1
boys all the way to to take wonder to
take ones in
how are you doing so far there mace good
good myself
I don't believe you I think you just
know that you have to say yes no we're
just gonna go quick perfect
so Dan what's going on here buddy this
is me so when you through that this
basically broke off and this is me as a
character and I got really broken sad
okay god man okay okay but I I gain
happiness through finding friends okay
again if you're having trouble following
along don't worry so am i but you just
have to trust the brilliance and the
creativity of the great Dan mace what do
I do now
how does that take was that good
absolutely your performance was
outstanding sir this actually is a
chilly Nike you'll be here and then like
on action your camera put your hand into
frame her gut he's shown daddy what to
do
alright I'll see you guys in a second
bye penny this is like the second to
last scene is that accurate yeah yeah we
perfect we wrap that's a wrap
maybe you should say it like this okay
okay go and that's a wrap
and that's a wrap Franny say and that's
a wrap thank you so much me gentlemen
good luck with your movie thank you do
you think sheriff are at the office yeah
SpaghettiOs for Francine that that is
how you help Dan mace
make a movie
i shoulder my space
