I'm worried about like getting fat our
cholesterol level what can happen
that's the counter the juice counters
the pizza I'm going for a run this
morning with my friend Jimmy Conrad who
is a former professional soccer player I
think he's thinking about starting a
YouTube channel and he wants to talk to
me about it
you can come over here I don't know all
right we're eating half miles in maybe a
little more we've been talking you two
why do you want to start a YouTube
channel because it sounds fun and
daunting and exciting and challenging
and I admire the people that can conquer
the world
Thank You Jimmy well you know you've got
my full support all right we're done
back when we started how you feeling if
we're not running buddies by next week
I'm gonna be pretty disappointed I'll be
your running buddy Jimmy yes I love that
he's starting a YouTube channel you know
that guy played in the World Cup
Jimmy Conrad Jimmy Conrad
today's Friday
aka my least favorite day of the week
another week has gone by and I have not
finished all the work that run this
morning was fantastic though today's
vlog story time
see this right here that's my
bulletproof vest now see just above the
bulletproof vest here that guy right
there that's me that tall guy that's
Roger here that's Roger that guy that's
Roger today is story time with Roger how
it works and then you guys choose your
own weapons well it's kind of like you
know figuring out what pair of shoes you
know with that baby no I mean we always
usually carry this because it's lighter
faster
but we also have crew-served weapons
machine guns rockets and bazookas and
stuff usually but when we would speed a
safety in and out as fast as we can and
just go with light and fast Roger here
Roger is a Special Forces he's an Air
Force pararescue jumper I went to
Afghanistan five how many years ago was
that five was five years ago and I just
like showed up in Afghanistan with a
friend of mine we were there as
journalists and Roger is like the first
person we met that were blown away with
we like live with this guy protected us
and he's here in the office so let's
talk I get it I talk to you from one of
my buddies and he's like hey there's
there's three guys outside they want to
talk to you about they're doing
something with tattoos but I think she
talked to him Roger and we're literally
grieving I mean we got dried cake blood
and nastiness on us and I was like this
seems really weird but I'll go talk to
him you know that was that was really so
some some context for that is I was in
Afghanistan with my friend Scott
Campbell who
a tattoo artist and what we wanted to do
was literally set up a tattoo parlor in
the war zone in Afghanistan we didn't
like tell the State Department or
anything that that's what we were doing
but we just went and did it and it was
like Roger and his Special Forces
buddies were the only people that like
they really well could welcomed us in to
their world you know it seems so simple
and just cliche when you guys were there
you know I think that initial concept of
the project that you you and Scott and
David were there working on it became
much larger upon meeting each other I
think if I was to boil it down to one
word cathartic it was very cathartic one
of my favorite stories from that trip
was when you brought us up in the attack
helicopter you're supposed to be testing
the hoist cable for weight and you were
supposed to be using dummies remember
that you're supposed to be using the
mannequins
and instead you are instead you you
brought Scott and I up there yeah I mean
it was kind of a low-hanging fruit
you know I mean literally right but
what's better than actual live people
we were literally test dummies for a
cable being hoisted up over an active
war zone and that was this job
the most interesting part of the entire
experience over there it's like we came
there to tattoo you guys after you left
Afghanistan the tattoo thing really
stuck with you and now you're actually
tattooing the timeliness of you guys
showing up to do your project and being
tattooed in those moments after direct
combat definitely became my way forward
and I think a year after we had met I
began tattooing myself as a form of
almost therapy to end this story on a
slightly lighter note while we were over
there you guys had these playing cards
am I allowed to talk about this they had
I don't know if you know the depth of
this story they have these playing cards
that had naked men on them and they
would use them as like the ultimate
prank and we left Afghanistan with like
bulletproof vests and all this stuff
that we had to travel through the Middle
East with and get back the United States
of America and when we were in the UAE
the United Arab Emirates they're going
through our bags and there's find they
find like gay porn playing cards mixed
in with bulletproof vests and all we
could picture was you guys laughing
you're soft back in Afghanistan you know
I've seen the raw cut of the footage
that you shot there thin that one of the
final footage you know segments you
actually see us placing those cards in
your bags all right I'm gonna end this
by saying there are a few people in this
world who have had the experiences that
Rodger has had and for him to be able to
sort of sublimate that into the artwork
that he's making as an incredible thing
I'm gonna link to all of Rogers social
stuff below go check it out send in love
ROG awesome to see you man I wish this
happen more often it's a hard hugging
the guy who's 7 feet tall what's going
on ders yeah
that guy like all the people in your
life that you meet and you spend time
with where it only feels momentary you
know I only spent my entire life like a
week with that guy
but that week was so like instrumental
and so impactful on me I honestly feel
like he is family so good to spend time
with him you see what's going on here
dad
oh that's pizza guy more pizza
do you realize there's only nine of us
here is that it's one pie have a
five-person listen this came from
priority bicycle sent us this pizza 13
do you want some pizza eat all the pizza
dude is eat no pizza okay there little
baby
dukey's because I don't
