I cannot wait that's why I came to Vegas
I fly home tomorrow morning after I get
my plate I'm out of here
not even hitting the craps tables we
gotta hit the craps table one it was
like an hour an hour at the craps table
after swish our flights back its 6:52
a.m. on a Thursday in New York City at
John F Kennedy Airport and I'm currently
on their way to Las Vegas this is not
like a bachelor party trip or like a
party trip or a gambling trip this is
more about science so yes science I'll
explain when I get there I got a I got a
go to bed now ladies and gentlemen get
low intellect with me Las Vegas local
time is 5 10 22 and
they have slot machines in the airport
here I'm in that hotel room now and I
and I am going to explain to you exactly
what I'm doing here in Las Vegas but
first I need to show you this hotel room
Justin the last thing I've talked to you
about yesterday was that I would be
happy to sleep on the couch if you
wanted to just get one small room for us
to share yeah
what is this absurdity Elaine wouldn't
haven't allow me to show you this hotel
remain a brief tour of the hotel room
this is the coffee maker breakfast table
living room number one living room
number two guess this is like a bar
place a kitchen but we made it our
office foosball room bathroom number one
stairwell hallway master bedroom
awesome bathroom number two bathroom
number three bathtub number one
bedroom number two this is a steam
shower number two I think that concludes
the tour of the justin hotel room
today's place justin Larry Tate is a
single-seat flying machine it's a 250
pound vehicle called flyer think pontoon
plane mixed with drone you fly it over
the water the company behind it called
Kitty Hawk is funded by the Google
co-founder run by self-driving car
pioneer Sebastian turn oh my god yep
so that's what we're doing here Larry
Page the co-founder of Google has this
side project that's like to build a fly
it's not a drone no it's like a tiny
flying car ultralight aircraft I think
that's how they got approval to actually
fly it okay but no one has flown it they
just announced that this thing exists
this morning they invited me out here
and because Justin built the human
flying drone I'm like this is the best
aeronautics expert I know he has to be
there
today we're going for training yeah
they're gonna show us how it works we're
not here right I don't think so I think
that's the first thing tomorrow morning
today we're gonna train and then
tomorrow morning at 3 a.m. we're gonna
fly it and that's we're doing here
science
you sure you know how to handle this
thing me not know you can worst driver
on planet Earth
within like a couple of hours you are
going to be 100% capable of flying this
vehicle this feels like a total like
mission impossible
area 51 approach and we're in this
Lagoon outside of Las Vegas
well done a little ways here little
oasis yeah just we need to reveal yeah
that's the big reveal okay ready
it's like a PlayStation controller can I
say that it's like a PlayStation
controller
the goal is to make flying absolutely
easy something that you can learn to do
in a couple hours
this is the simulator right I'm gonna
now go in the simulator and learn how to
virtually fly the flier is that that
factor okay I'm now getting in the
simulator right here all right I'm ready
fathers start to ramp down will start to
slow down
and then you can purchase it out so
those are the basic functions for flying
you and it
I was really paying attention yeah yes
it felt extremely intuitive this might
be a reach but it seems easier to fly
them like a Mavic drone there's less
axes I'm also trying their controller I
can yeah you don't yeah and like you
don't have to think about once you've
set your altitude you don't have to I
mean the consequences they're just
slightly higher than flying a 600 are
drones but it felt as intuitive
jacked this is the part where I sit in
that flyer right there we're not going
up at all right it's anchored but it's
gonna spin
alright this is it this is the last bit
of emergency training what what exactly
is going on here this looks like Chuckie
Cheese
so this is the last part of emergency
procedures training this is our dry lake
it is full of colorful balls we're gonna
put you in and we're going to spit it
upside down and have you release the
seatbelt and get out done all right
again just wait so we're done flipping
then release and swim out of the
driveway all right we'll go that way it
will count to three one two three
down and knowing what it feels like okay
that's it for me
all right that's it
that's all the training tomorrow morning
I'll be flying you tune in tomorrow to
see me fly that flying plot in the
flying what do you call a Cheston flying
car flier define taxi I think is what
they're calling it - I'll post that's a
separate video I'll post that tomorrow
see
you
