it's not SuperDuper warm out today so I
decided to go to the gym instead of
going for a run kind of a bummer but
I've been meaning to get my swole on
anyways
this lens look weirdly out-of-focus in
strange places you know I fell off my
boosted board last week and I smash this
camera good how about now like see how
it's weirdly I think I think I damaged
the lens yeah it's making a god I'm just
gonna go to my friendly neighborhood
camera store here
videos Jay nice to meet you yeah yeah I
need a lens that broke mine again yeah
10 to 18 that's the one nothing's 300
bucks yeah this is the old lens so see
it's out of focus all right this is the
new lens difference much cleaner all
right let me clean this up you know what
I think I just broke the new lens crispy
and focus razor sharp yeah these guys
know what I'm talking about
I see crispy that fresh in the waist
what is this
I just want to say in general I don't
trust anything that's been packaged like
this I'm gonna use a knife but very
gently this appears to be a case you
know I stab brand chair I don't
understand these words but if I had to
guess what these words say they say we
make custom chairs like this one all
right I'd like to announce here now that
I will be doing another giveaway this
giveaway prize will be 1kc nice that
branded chair it's not that I don't like
it it's that even my yo-yo isn't big
enough to support having a chair that
says my name on it a thousand times so I
will be giving this amazing case you
nice that chair away details details to
be an out you know I'll do it on Twitter
here follow me on Twitter ok uh it's
3:30 I guess we could just get it
started
the theme of this week's QA is gear like
technically gear camera gear and stuff
you know it's not my favorite topic but
it's something that everybody's always
asking me questions about so why not
dedicate an entire Q&A to it
this guy agrees most expensive camera
it's probably this thing Canon mark 3 I
think it's $3,500 or something like that
for the body and then the lens on this
is like I don't know a thousand or two
thousand or something like that just a
quick apology for the terrible sound
quality and generally bad production
quality of today's Q nights I'm trying
to multitask here this is probably
better I'm not using this person's car
to hold my camera and tripod helping him
come back before I finish you and asks
Sony rx100 mark 4 or canon g7x both fine
cameras I was on the Sony I switched
back to the Canon Sony probably takes a
better image
I think the Canon is more reliable and
for me reliability Trump's quality let's
go that's beginner DSLR great question I
highly recommend the Canon t5i or t6i
it's like a five or six hundred dollar
camera
it's unbelievable what you can do with
that camera like you can build an empire
with that camera alright time to switch
locations god it's cold outside Canon or
Nikon you know I use only Canon cameras
and they are great but I've never spent
much time with Nikon so I can't say
which one is better what brand of tripod
whoa alright I just dropped this camera
on a car but not somebody's car this car
is owned by the city so technically I've
paid for this car so that's okay I
didn't scratch it
what kind of tripod see is well funny
you should ask
Manfrotto sent me all these new tripods
so now I only use Manfrotto tripods
they're amazing do you feel more
confident when you have the right
equipment I like that question a lot the
answer is yes what I don't have the
right equipment
I make do I often shoot this vlog on my
cell phone but having the equipment that
I know best means I don't have to think
about it as much and that makes my job
easier what's up oh yeah yeah are you
nice that I'm gonna be in the block yeah
you're in the vlog I'm shooting my Q&A
now what's your name ramsey nice to meet
you ramsey aren't you cold
what kind of editing software do I use I
use Final Cut ten I don't vote for it
I think Premiere is probably superior
software here's all you need to know
about video editing up until like 20 25
years ago they literally edited movies
with scissors and tape
the godfather to one of the greatest
movies at Citizen Kane the greatest
movie ever made was edited with a pair
of scissors and tape so the editing
software doesn't matter use iMovie on
your phone which is free it's what you
can do with it that matters not the
application what is the best camera to
use if you're starting whatever camera
you have why don't you use your 360 rig
honestly like it's just a lack of
bandwidth I don't have the time and
that's all my time in this vlog the rest
of my time is occupied with my job and
other things I will get back into 360 I
believe in that medium I'm Casey dude
thanks nice to meet you last question I
was hoping somebody were to ask me this
no one did why don't I like talking
about camera gear the reason why is for
me it's the least interesting part of
filmmaking I love like the power of the
well told story the power be able to
sharing your ideas and perspectives what
can be accomplished via filmmaking all
of that interesting to me this the
hardware it's like talking to someone
who likes to make beautiful paintings
asking them what kind of paint they use
who gives you it's what they do with it
that's interesting not the actual
hardware and that's how I feel about
filmmaking so I apologize if if if I
come across as overly negative when
people ask me technical questions I just
always rather talk about other aspects
of filmmaking all right I'm gonna go
home down freezing
I wish there were a way to really
communicate to all you viewers and warm
climates right now just how cold it is
here in New York City
this is for warmth it's too cold yeah
yeah you got to work too hot
hello that guy these are like some not
all of my cameras these are all my point
sheets here these are some of my SLR
cameras these are some of my lenses
these are some of my older video cameras
those are some of my other video cameras
up there really this shelf here this is
where cameras go to die once I put them
on that shelf I rarely ever take them
off again I got to give the baby a bath
I got to put the baby to bed I gotta
have dinner with Candice I got a edit
the blogger got a pack
I got to go to bed I got to get ready to
leave tomorrow last question out
I'm trying to record audio here
