there is a little pocket Bible prophecy
again
I'll be back in a bit we'll meet then
yeah
SuperDuper cold out today on the boosted
board
yeah
yeah
this big scary City it feels so small
when you're riding around and everybody
says hi to you it is a lovely feeling
what is the show the state wants to buy
this
yeah the scheduled gear there's a show
oh I don't know oh you know I don't know
thanks good luck all right this this is
my eating place
at my lunch or coffee meeting now with
my youtuber friend maybe you're a fan of
our YouTube channel hi guys
YouTube's going very well I'm giving
sage advice from the one and only he's a
nice man what is your favorite YouTube
video you guys my favorite YouTube video
I've made would probably be one of the
cookies that I made that because
basically I got to eat like cookie dough
on camera and make cookies and share my
favorite rescue okay wait probably my
favorite one you made is when you went
to the Taylor Swift concert when you
accidentally film the entire video and
vertical I've done that many times yes
I'm still learning the ways you're
getting these things like this
contraption over here I feel like you're
the audience you know what this looks
like
does anybody do you know it just looks
like this thing it looks like enormous
in your hair
one of these claw see needs this it is
like a little child wasn't that a good
coffee yeah great in there all right
Carly I have to go now because I'm cold
but it was nice to see you
are you really gonna ride home on this
do you want to ride it do you remember
the last time I advise it no do you
remember when I tried to ride your
hoverboard balance it for you I use -
pull the trigger like a gun I mean
there's a little slowly forward okay now
slowly roll it forward there you go just
like a car yeah you got it Carly lean by
Carly
never write in a letter what you can
stand the phone never sound the phone
what you can say in person and never say
in person what you can just think today
I have like five conference calls and
five meetings
not my favorite thing to do please
they're absolutely
dragons name
Oh
that call is 32 minutes and 49 seconds
okay okay I want to do a new segment in
the vlog right now called products I
really like and want to talk about a new
segment called products I believe the
new segment called products I believe in
by companies that I look ok this I want
to talk about this and this is made by a
company that I really like and I love
what they're doing and I like their
product so much I got in touch with them
and I was like hey I love your product
let's work together and now I'm like an
advisor sort of to this company so I'm
not getting paid to say this but like in
fact I'll put a little asterisk right
here that way you guys know that that
this is a biased review of this product
ok ready
I use my cell phone for filming all the
time
camera on this thing's pretty great but
the lens itself is limited so I have
this this is a lens kit for my iPhone
check it out wide angle lens telephoto
lens macro lens and lens cleaner and
lens cap wait there's more now there are
a bunch of clip-on lenses for this thing
but the reason why I swear by these is
like look at this piece of glass that is
a very real piece of glass and the way
it connects to your iPhone is like so
pro that's kind of it people always ask
me on Twitter and stuff what lenses I
use for my iPhone so these are what I
use the company is called moment lens
that's a nice little letter from that
moment a little warning they're
expensive as if you can't afford them
just buy the cheap ones but these are
the best ones okay
all right wait look what luckily you can
deal with their macro lens ready this is
not what this is meant for that is
disgusting area so cost operon stop
completely necessary part of conducting
business but it doesn't make them fun
that doesn't make them interesting and I
don't have to like doing them yo what's
up what's up
after all that all those conference
calls I literally miss my most important
call at four o'clock I met the email at
4:30
we're all waiting on the line for you
Casey and you never called in
