thank you very much all right
back at the airport again okay very very
exciting episode of three six eight
coming out to you today today I'm going
to be doing a collaboration with one of
my favorite youtubers a guy named
marques Brownlee we're shooting that
collab in a different city than New
York's we have to fly there and to fly
there we're going to be taking a private
jet and no the title is not clickbait
this private jet costs us exactly two
hundred and ninety nine dollars to fly
us from New York City to Florida I'll
explain
two hundred and ninety-nine dollars
how did this happen for $299 it's a
little complicated but but when they
need to move a plane like this plane was
here in New York City they need to move
it to Florida
they were just gonna fly an empty plane
that's called an empty leg and if you're
in the right place and the right time
you can actually get one of those empty
legs so they were moving this plane and
we are like cargo and that $299 is just
to cover the cleaning fee for the plane
and it just so happened that we need to
go to Florida to shoot a movie on the
same day that they needed to move a
plane to Florida so we get it for two
hundred ninety nine months right Marquez
kind of worked out that way didn't it
it's pretty good have you ever private
planes I've never once in my life
muggins n on a private jet and now we're
a fly on a scale of one
are you feeling this is like a 17 even
right now we're in Florida those are
cars I believe so did you organize that
kinda yeah I'm going to the minibar I'm
down here as kind of Marquez's what
second unit camera man we're square team
today we're team today yeah Marquez here
making a video for his series called
autofocus kind of a plan words Auto
being a car focus of the video of being
on the car and he's here today to make a
video about a car and I told them that I
would come and handle all the aerial
cinematography cuz that is my forte is
that pretty accurate that's pretty good
so we're a bunch of shots it's just
gonna be a fun video be fun good
old-fashioned good old-fashioned fun
video today yeah so the reason why the
way to come all the way to Florida to
get the car that marques is making a
video about is because he needed a
Lamborghini and of course and I guess
this is where like the best Lamborghini
dealership is for this place now I don't
trust myself enough to drive in a
Lamborghini so I went ahead and rented
this here minivan it's a fine minivan
yeah
now marques is going to get into that
lime green Lambo right there and we're
going to go to location we're going to
shoot
is he gonna drive that's not up to me
the real question is will he be able to
keep up with my minivan no chance hey
director what's happening we're a
position in the car and we're gonna
start getting some b-roll start shooting
this thing I have told your Lamborghini
I'm gonna ride this skateboard
not that behind the scenes is an
interesting but they're just getting
b-roll I'm gonna go check out Palm Beach
look at this house
now I don't know a lot about Palm Beach
but I do know that all of these houses
have just fantastic hedges look at this
looks like minecraft camera fell over
what are you gonna what are you gonna
drive this thing marques hopefully
sooner Eggbert we're trying to get as
many shots now still before we am angry
these people and rev the engine a lot
and then leave this car looks tiny next
to you marques you look twice the size
of this car this is just this is just to
get audio we're in a neighborhood right
now
am I the only one that feels back to the
neighbors doing some some rolling shots
here so let me get this straight you're
sitting sideways and your legs are
tangled this is the safety yeah you guys
are doing great
everybody's doing great so there's a
small crack there Marquez what exactly
happened
look okay you're going over we're going
over a golf course fairway there's no
one golfing we're just going down the
middle of the fairway and we just send
the drone down the middle the fairway
you know how there's trees on the one
side trees on the other side yeah kind
of round around behind so we're setting
it down the middle of a fairway and I'm
like yeah we're good we're good
coming up on one of these trees back
here but don't worry about that just
stay on the mobile fairway and then
suddenly it hits that tree so clearly my
depth perception was a little yes a
depth perception issue so yeah not
partial is generous part yeah yeah you
know what this one's on me all right
alright guys I will see you back in New
York in New Jersey I'll see you on the
Internet when is the video of the end
alive give it a couple days give it a
couple days all right
those guys are actually staying til
tomorrow due to more production but I
idiot back I see the family
