these guys here selling a big huge
flat-screen TV for 50 bucks 15 bucks at
work yeah dudes brand-new pretty much so
we got rid of it because it's got new TV
last night
15 bucks huh
look at this town it is a barren
wasteland 9 a.m. day after Christmas I'm
grabbing a quick coffee with canvas and
the baby and then I'm headed to the
airport
very excited here's our baby daughter
Francine I can see that little hand with
the baby stroller out of the car
sorry officer have a good day no ticket
for this guy
no ticket at all I don't anything I can
sit here before he loops back around and
realizes that I was in fact illegally
parked ok bye guys bye guys I'm on my
way to Los Angeles International Airport
to pick up Owen my kid I'm at a red
light
Owen spent his Christmas with his mom
but because he's a responsible young man
and
I'm also just like to have him here cuz
I need somebody to hang out with I'm
really outnumbered in the Y 2 X
chromosome Department between Francine
Candice and kandace's mom three girls
one guy look at this motorcycle cop on
the back of his bike right there that is
an ar-15 assault rifle that is bonkers
I'm at the terminal but own is not here
I've strategically parked the car to
make sure I'm not in anyone's way and
now I'm going to pretend to take the
stroller in and out of the trunk of the
car for the next 15 minutes until Owen
gets here that's the only way to avoid a
ticket
on average lager I can play this game
for AIDS what number look around what
number do you see there is welcome to
California
do you want to get in an out burger
before we go home
of course I stop here so own could get a
cheeseburger but I had ulterior motives
this in and out has one of the best
views one of the best vantage points for
airplanes land
he can't see or go to the movies today
Candace and her mom and the baby have
left us Owen and I are gonna go see Owen
I don't have a car but we're gonna go
see Star Wars right now so we're gonna
take the motorcycle we'll only have one
helmet so we're only gonna wear one
helmet to the motorcycle store so I can
buy another one but this is both illegal
and dangerous so are you making out back
there two more blocks to the motorcycle
store does it look like I'm wearing a
helmet all right we'll make this fast
all right I need a helmet the girl in
there was super awesome but they
literally did not have one helmet my
size we'll figure this out so many
options thank you very much
mission accomplished got it
do you like riding on a motorcycle I
think if I were driving it would be fun
can I think sitting on the back of
motorcycle with my father I love riding
a motorcycle we're here to see Star Wars
again you haven't seen it yet how much
do you take me spent on junk food
just two of us did you like it yeah I
love it
how's my second time seeing Star Wars I
think he's better the second time it's
not a perfect movie but that doesn't
mean it's not a great movie probably see
it again
all right we're going high in the fire
we're going on the freeway so
we are here to find Candice and her
mother who believe it or not our
shopping today
hey guys doing some shopping hi everyone
I'll see you guys at home
take that bye honey
it is a lot easier to ride without a
passenger I like riding with Owen it's
just easier without 200 pounds on the
back
you
I tried to get on an iPhone for
Christmas but they couldn't ship it here
in time so I'm gonna try and get one for
him right now and then return the one
that I ordered for him when it shows
this is mine now right thank you
mission and entirely accomplished no
ticket no ticket no ticket never ticket
sweet let's just let's just have Nutella
for dinner again
all right oh and I have something funny
to share with you okay in California on
the highway there are special lanes if
you're a carpool passenger so some cars
put fake dummies in their passenger seat
so it looks like they're carpooling look
at the guy in this Porsche
