this is what sledding looks like three
days before Christmas in Los Angeles
maybe if you live in Los Angeles this
isn't such a big deal but I'm out of my
run and I'm like how am I Marina del Rey
or something and right there are
gigantic yeah what are the big guys I
love that how old are you and you guys
are doing a 14 mile run you're doing the
marathon I need 12 you ever have excuses
not to run just remember with your name
Eric and Kevin you guys are animals
hey guys keep running good luck in the
marathon look how fast those kids are
okay that's it for me unlike those
children I'm only doing 11 miles today
but out of solid seven minute
five-second peace spent the first part
of today on conference calls and doing
emails two of my least favorite things
in the world I'm going to find Candice
and her mom right now I think they're
shopping
we're doing there how's it going come in
now I like the other one shoot from P
whoa I'll see you guys there was
literally one other man in that store he
looked as confused as me
I left my skateboard and they're
charging with the ladies trying on
clothes I'm gonna go and try find some
food
shoppings not going very well you know
Candice has been in LA for too long when
she goes out and Uggs
sweatpants in a pajama top what do they
say browse
I just saw it
we're going to Whole Foods now we're
having a very strange Whole Foods
experience there's a prostitute here
earlier and then there was this strange
guy this tough dog who's attacking a
feather where's she going
where you going
look what happened here pretty
since getting to La I've really been
struggling with organizing my schedule
and getting these blogs done see in New
York I like try my best to chip away at
editing throughout the day and then when
I sit down to edit at night I finished
they cut upload go to bed wake up the
video has already been posted it goes
live I don't have to think about it but
here with the time change and all this
running around I've been getting up at
like 4:00 in the morning
long story long I'm gonna go get all of
my editing equipment right now and I'm
gonna start editing while Francine is
down for her nap
did you build that yourself so what you
got a gas motor on there that's a
regular bicycle and what does the vacuum
do oh oh alright take care in case you
missed that that man had taken an old
beach cruiser bicycle put a gas-powered
motor on it and built a motorcycle and
then he also had a vacuum cleaner
attached to it that he just found which
he was very excited about
quick family outing taking the baby to
some sort of baby class what is it a
music class something class and
everything class do you love it hi
music class was a hit mommy told me that
uber driver was really into fish huh I'm
going to see them next week with John
Mayer miss Tori oh wow that's pretty
cool I guess people that are into fish
are really into fish well when I was in
college they had tapes like people have
tapes and share tapes and shows there
aren't people that are like kind of into
fish like this is like too dark to vlog
you brushing your teeth I wanted to end
today's vlog with some details about my
giveaway if you don't know about my
giveaway I'm going to announce the
winners just after New Year's so there's
still like a little bit of time left
they're like way more comments that I
thought there'd be there's like several
hundred thousand so I could figure out I
like randomize them because I want
whoever wins to be like totally random
and then that's it so I'm really psyched
to everyone so into it
rah rah I mean what do they say bro
