it's pouring rain out today so I
couldn't go for my normal run so I'm at
the gym and said going up and down these
stairs to work out well both Candice and
Francine are now down for their
afternoon nap
bag of doughnuts
I gotta learn to man dude is a stir nuts
again four days apart and look at me I'm
skinny again you make a movie share dad
yeah looking good is this for your
Wednesday release yeah are you gonna
make it this week yeah
it's finished really I can't
Dan's girlfriend's coming to town what
in three weeks and it would be the first
time he's seen her or had contact with
any human being who's not me and like I
have my yeah all right so I'll meet you
I'll meet you at the studio ah John for
a while this is uh this is actually my
first time back in the studio since
before I went on the trip to shoot the
doctor Europe and the UK and uh I've
been shooting here on a Sony I'm gonna
go ahead and switch back to my Canon now
I just I'd left that in the studio ready
this is a Sony and Canon coming at you
in three two one and that's the Canon
how do you like that I don't know it
certainly like Sony over Canon or Canon
over Sony I just typically shoot on the
shoot on mechanics that's got the
front-facing screen I figure out about
an hour before Candice wakes up so I
wanted to do some catching up here in
the office
open up and open a couple of these while
I am well I answer a couple of questions
off of off of Twitter there's been a lot
bubbling up okay before I get started
speaking of Twitter so I saw this video
I gotta say good on the guy who saved
the little kid
excellent climbing skills way to act
fast way to be brave to save a child the
question I was left with is what the was
the parent thinking like what are you
what in what circumstances is your
four-year-old child in a position to
climb over the fence and dangle by his
tiny little baby arms three stories up
additionally look at the proximity of
the the father I'm assuming that's the
father all the news stories alluded to
that being upon look at the proximity of
the father to the child and that's like
an 18-inch cap man you climb over the
fence you jump you do what it takes to
save your kid he's just sitting there
waiting for this guy to climb sometimes
I just see one of these like stories
flipping through Twitter that just why
in the world does that say do not bring
inside your case your name's Luis and
I've discovered your YouTube channel QE
so I'm included in this package is a
small reward for all the work you've
done this is this is great four pounds
of mmm six pounds of gummy bears three
and a half pounds of skittle he just
about as a thank you for me making
videos Louis MVP right here fan mail MVP
thank you miss cherry Wallis asks I
remember you mentioning videos ago the
couples therapy won't will these become
available when Candace and I have been
sitting down and recording our podcasts
which I'll link below if you don't
listen to them you should listen them
while we've been recording them we've
also been been videoing us sitting there
talking to one another I'm gonna start a
new YouTube channel soon and that
YouTube channel is gonna have the
various podcasts on it sue but the
primary place for the podcast is still
the pod cat like just download it thanks
for your question cherry keep working
mard keep working hard keep working hard
thank you I will keep working hard
this is a moon painting done with spray
paint
Lorenzo very cool when I'm - your knee
issue with running I thought you were
going under the knife no Steve no
surgery there was no my knee was fine it
healed I made a video about it only two
below ever thought of doing a touring
vlog vlogging in every state and meeting
some of your followers the reason why I
can't do something like that right now
I've got a you know I've got a three
year old and I don't want to pull her
out of school and I also don't want to
leave her behind so great idea but this
tweet is just one word and that word is
Tesla yes I did buy a Tesla well I
didn't find I'm like leasing it or
whatever but I don't get it for another
month or so I will tell you that all of
the fights that I've had with Candace in
the last two weeks are because I got a
Tesla hey Casey I'm CY from Malaysia
been following their blogs with us kitty
marshmallow for friends thank you Thank
You drone case from go scope no scope
great guys some friends of mine at the
Midwest they make great great products
next question are we gonna see the nice
stepbrothers reunited at 3 6 8 the nice
stepbrothers for those of you who don't
know the nice that brothers is the name
that I used to make movies under when I
made movies exclusively with my big
brother van he and I stopped working the
other after the HBO series no we're not
gonna be making movies here 3 6 8 mainly
because van lives 3,000 miles away which
is a bummer I do see him just not as
much as I'd like but no he's in he's on
the west coast
alright here's kind of a big question is
it worth starting a YouTube channel now
in 2018 my answer for that is yes but if
you were to ask me can you make a living
on YouTube now in 2018 I mean the answer
is still yes it's just a lot harder and
it's harder because there are so many
more very good kind of high quality
youtubers that are on this platform with
the purpose of making a living and as
the space gets more and more crowded it
just becomes more difficult to stand out
so if you're a real believer and it's
something you love doing you're
passionate about that shouldn't
discourage you okay I don't know what
it's going on today with the mail time
but again another insanely awesome candy
package here to Casey
aka the candy of
shinato felix thank you for the candy
and thank you for the long note somebody
sent me this magazine I haven't read it
but it looks fantastic and just kidding
that's me I have read it okay alright
let me find like a really smart question
to end this with how did you go from
being a dishwasher to a YouTube star I
made a whole like 500 videos about this
maybe watch to draw my life I'll link
that below okay awesome
what did you do a collab with PewDiePie
yeah Felix call me let's do a collab I
can do better I can do better what do
you think of your friend Sam
disconnecting from Twitter do you think
you'd be able to live without Twitter
considering you're pretty addicted
Emilio I talked to Sam about what was
going on because he wasn't just having
issues with Twitter Sam I hope it's okay
that I'm sharing all this Sam was having
trouble just the spotlight of social
media can be extremely burdensome you
know I look at people like Elle Mills
who just put out a video about the
pressures of being a youtuber I've often
discussed the pressures of being a
youtuber and it's a tricky it's a tricky
thing to talk about because because to
find success on YouTube is to live the
dream like this is the ultimate and if
you achieve this kind of success on this
platform which so many people try to do
like how dare you complain about it so
it's difficult to talk about because I
don't think unless you've been in this
position I think it's challenging to
empathize with it but the reality of
being kind of in the spotlight of being
on social media is that you you have
these big audiences that are watching
your every move that have expectations
that are always either psyched about or
feeling letdown about whatever it is
you're doing and you as a creator you're
trying to you're trying to focus on
creating content that that you're into
stuff that motivates and inspires you
and a confluence of all those pressures
the external pressures from outside the
internal pressures from inside I think
can be challenging it's challenging to
deal with I'm an old man I'm 37 and I've
been in the spotlight in one way or
another for a while I'm very good at at
just brushing it off my shoulder but you
know Sam is new to the spotlight
and he god bless him he's had tremendous
success on YouTube he's a fantastic
creator and kind of the negative sides
of that are the more stressful aspects
of that are just now starting to weigh
on him and Twitter I love Twitter but
Twitter is the platform where those
pressures are the most tactile if
someone's pissed off at you they just
say I'm pissed off at you someone
doesn't like you they say I don't like
you and as superficial and is stupid as
like Twitter bullying may seem it does
it affects you it affects me and it
affects Sam so Sam's fine he's a
kick-ass person a kick-ass creator and
he's not going anywhere but what he's
dealing with is not unique all right now
I've got to get out of here maybe I'll
have a little bit of Russian camp hey
man you want some Russian candy Russia
it's actually really nice but it is been
any live stream my dad at this very
second acknowledged man I talked about
the conversation that we had last week
about like the pressures of being on
social media and stuff I just uploaded a
video about that actually you okay I
talked about in the vlog is that cool
yeah okay all right that's it that's all
I wanted to ask you okay are you good
I'm great all right what are you doing
now I'm gonna go shoot all right good
luck
thank you Godspeed dance save me a donut
all right back home back in the family
