very excited to say that one of my
favorite people favorite people is is in
New York City today in fact pretty sure
he and his his wife are sitting in three
6a right now waiting for me morning
whose face is coming together nicely and
it's exciting and I hate the noise so
loud here all the time those are the
construction that's already do to me
okay the human flying drone yes these
guys built it in flew no way
pilot Elena cinematographer together
they're like the best drone errs in all
of existence what are we doing well I
thought we'd do some drone stuff today
no we have exactly 30 minutes now to get
from here to be an aged photo to pick up
my new drone yeah we have 30 minutes
you're right thanks we gotta go this
will be the inaugural trip on the on the
jump bikes I don't have three super 73's
which is upsetting the way we're making
pretty good time on these things what do
you think and so cool dude it's gonna
hoo - Jake hooter is South Africans for
porn and what is the hooter Lunar is
something that uh well there's a
restaurant called hooters that's yours
by the way that lets our kids that's
your that's your drone mother
how's it look as amazing good job eh
so three six eight is investing in some
aerial hardware today the big stuff not
the not the little drones you've seen
before we're getting the inspire - is
this mine girls mmm run the camera so
you're actually gonna like point the
camera and I'm gonna fly without Justin
you get all that stuff I gotta go pay
what are you talking about how you got
to start carrying have to run the camera
the camera store the drone book that
things got a big flat like landing area
and takeoff area in the middle it's like
perfect
we're gonna we're gonna apply the nude
row but Justin Elaine are kind of
experts on drone safety and what is
allowed and what is not allowed which is
why we're flying from flying from a boat
today what's happening I'm just setting
it up fine we're not flying yeah not
excited I'll tell you when we fly
promise it's a crazy thing I'm very
excited about this video we're gonna
make it work so talk me through some of
the legalities why are you allowed to
fly from a boat we're flying as friends
like this is essentially us out having a
good time so this is javi assists me and
Elaine like exactly we're flying for fun
we're also not flying over people we're
not flying in controlled airspace
what is this airspace so we're directly
over the Hudson we're outside of a
Guardia JFK to YouTube for all that
stuff we're out of all of the aircraft
approached and weird about that heliport
I see right there so heliport we just
notify them so it literally takes a
phone call we'll be operating a drone
under five pound we were to give that
exactly where to do that so it's simple
I mean it's not for a commercial purpose
religious out testing your new toy that
we've bought
so we are we're following the rules
which involves a boat but we're still
following the rules
leave me alone fa please please leave me
little contact me for contact
here goes
there goes
she's gonna kick it
that's great I like to have a lot of
tools at my disposal and I only ever fly
small consumer drones but I have been
wanting to upgrade to something more
professional-looking
I just haven't known how to do that or
how to fly that or any of it so today is
really like it's us out here messing
around but it's also us out here
learning how to do a level of production
that we haven't hit before
like will this port is ready
I've lived in New York City for 17 years
and I've never been to the Statue of
Liberty okay yeah I'm about to have my
first lesson where I fly this thing
similar to flying you've got your left
stick which is your dog you know left
all right you want to try yeah we're
rapping back yeah there you go good job
going left my flat let's slow down to
make it easier there you go I just did a
good one want to see it ready
yeah it looked at we're really close we
can't fly over the island because this
is National Park so because it's a
national park we can't fly over the
Statue of Liberty but we have a really
long lens like what would look like a
long zoom lens on the camera so it looks
like we're really close to the Statue of
Liberty but really for hundreds of feet
away from it so that was it that was my
first time operating camera how to do I
didn't really want all right that's not
good this is really fun this is really
exciting see I don't get this
opportunity often mainly cuz I don't
like people teaching me things I like to
figure things out but these guys are so
good and I love them and they're the
best at what they do so and today
because I got all that new equipment
from B&H it's just like this is very
exciting
are you doing - uh 368 Broadway so this
is my new drone my new toy and that was
my that was my very professional drone
lesson I hope you enjoyed I hope you
enjoyed coming along with me
see you tomorrow 3 6 8
