how many Poles he do for four six so you
are screwed in let's not do this Candide
that whole entire scene
dan has been expressing a desire to get
more fit and healthy so this morning he
is gonna be joining me on my run not as
easy as it's been doing great dude it's
doing great yeah you're done yeah whoo
yeah okay I'll see you
good job Dan gotta start somewhere and
you did what
bam bam bam wha-bam wha-bam ha be a and
f BAM
AB imp is a bad mother and today on
three six eight I'm gonna introduce you
to one of the world's greatest BAM this
is Paul what's up Paul tell us a little
bit about yourself
ah you're about to meet a man who barely
survived a shark attack and is now an
inspiration to all of us three years ago
Paul de Gelder was with the Australian
Navy part of an elite dive team on a
dive to test new counterterrorism
hardware and then he was suddenly
attacked by a bull shark I'm Australian
I opened up for Snoop Dogg in 1998 which
was pretty cool wait and what capacity
did you open up for Snoop Dogg I was a
rapper if I YouTube searched I find a
video of you rapping you can't find a
video but you can find the song on
iTunes what's it called pop it's smoking
hydro literally took the album's ago
please welcome Paul de Gelder
it was the epitome of a shocky day it
was early in the morning Sydney Harbour
so murky water it was overcast I was on
my back in a black wetsuit and black
fins kicking my leg a bull shark came up
from underneath me and grabbed me by the
leg and the hand in the same bite
decided it wanted them more than I did
and started tearing me apart and took me
underwater in total agony drowning me
losing blood nearly dead ripped out my
hamstring and took off my hand and so I
had to swim back to my safety boat
missing a hand and part of my leg
through a pool of my own blood where my
buddies were waiting to give me first
day
and they did that they kept me alive one
of the guys had to stick his hand inside
my leg and pinch closed one of the
arteries and a week later I decided to
have the leg removed because I couldn't
feel it I couldn't move it it was gonna
be useless for the rest of my life so I
just thought stuff that I'll just get
them to turn me into a terminator how
did you swim with no arm and no leg
slowly but I know we get trained to deal
with very stressful situations how do
they train you to deal with a situation
that that was that was you know up a few
tears from what I was used to but the
medical training kicked in and I thought
okay my hands missing I'm bleeding I've
got to keep that wound above my heart so
I'm swimming like that with one arm out
of the water
kicking one leg because I couldn't even
feel the other leg and just going really
slow at the same time the guys in the
play are coming over towards me I didn't
even think I was gonna make it
I thought the shark was gonna come back
it was gonna grab you by the ankle take
me down and kill me so it didn't matter
all I had to do was just keep trying
until that happened show us your how
does this work so this is called the
Michelangelo it's a made in Germany
it's about $19,000 for this thing I
think it's the best robotic hand in the
world but mostly just because I can
change it from this grip to
beer-drinking grip if you're gonna have
a $90,000 robot arm it might as well
have a beer-drinking group so the first
time I met Paul was this past summer and
you had on pants so I didn't see your
leg yeah and he's just like a like Jack
tattoo dude and I went and shook his
hand ready okay but when you grab on
there's like a proper squeeze there well
that's still the go grip though what's
fun but it's not painful but if I don't
know you or you've been a bit of a dick
I may just squeeze down a little bit
extra and wait for the flicker in your
eyes I think you just right like you
have me you could do it everyone the
last time the the version before this I
had
chillie snapped in half armwrestling
unfortunately you were armwrestling with
a prosthetic hand like that with a girl
there may have been some product oral
damage there was some cracks in it
because I'm pretty hard on this I'm
about as hard on my prosthetics as you
are on everything so I lost the hand and
the leg if I was gonna lose just one it
would not be a hand take the leg take
the leg you can replace a leg so I've
got a running blade I've got a swimming
leg I've got a diving leg I've got this
amazing $200,000 leg but you cannot
replace a hand not yet there's no Luke
Skywalker hand out yet and what allows
you to get back in the water three
months later what is it from inside of
you that lets you do that it's a deep
love for being in the water for me I
don't think you can get any closer to
being an actual part of nature than
being completely submerged in the ocean
it's relaxing it alleviates stresses and
fears and you feel relaxed and it can
wash away a lot of the stresses that are
impacted on you throughout your life
have you met Arnold Schwarzenegger yeah
yeah I know him huge knowledge to you
that you're closer to the Terminator
than he ever is not quite
water why one fall on a good life what
do I want a bad love and a good life is
gonna win every time I I was always that
there was two things I was afraid of in
life sharks and public speaking now I
make shock documentaries to Shark Week
and I'm a public speaker so you never
know what life has in store for you you
just get like literally your biggest
weaknesses can become your biggest
strengths if you just face them head-on
all this amazing stuff came out of the
worst thing that has ever happened to me
in my life
look this is this is the new 368 mascot
but this clickbait sooo good we're going
to save this for another episode how
many pull-ups he do for how many
pull-ups can you do Aaron fine really
so Paul we're gonna have Dan do a
contest first Aaron and then you and I
are gonna head your head is that sound
good okay so what was the count let's
not do this and eat that whole entire
seed okay so that's this weather the
shark took it off from but this is what
we were discussing before why I have
problems with the camera because I can't
hold it with my right hand that's what
you have to do yeah that can pass and
then you like you when you're moving
your arm you're fucking with the zoom
and the you can't grip it there's no way
to hold mine camera company it's figure
this out what do I do and this is what I
use if anyone tries to mess with me as
well
one two man no not even slowing down
eighteen nineties
yes effects okay it's good these three
James describes one two ten eleven are
you
you nearly halfway
good luck with the new goals of facing
up against whoa I'm gonna try I'm never
gonna reach 30 pull-up level but I'm
going to try fire and good to see you
bye guys okay that's one badass
motherfucker indeed
you
