I gotta start off today's gotta start
off today's episode a little bit of a
serious talk this morning at like 10:30
11 I got a text from one of the guys
that works for me and it said just FYI
there's someone outside your door he
won't leave I had to call 911 one
somebody showed up here they were able
to get into this building this is a
locked and secure building but they
probably snuck in behind someone else
they came to outside my office door
right here what you see behind this
monitor and then they just refused to
leave and Dan showed up and actually
kind of interacted with the guy and film
the guy on a phone I'm gonna show you
what it looked like but please know I'm
pixelating the guy and I'm trying to
alter his voice because I would assume
he's doing this for attention and the
last thing I want to do is give him
attention but this is what it this would
look like by breaking into someone's
night you know welcome yeah dude I don't
care you can't do this you sent me an
example of what not to do I'm like nah
you are no one has ever made it by
breaking in a walking of nobodies in
though this is a building with a closed
door and a locking key and you snuck in
the front door
and you came up the stairs you're making
yourself look really stupid in front of
a bunch of professional people here that
are trying to work look at me okay see
you're not gonna come in if you if you
look at me yet look at me you gotta go
you gotta go
the doors over there look at me I know
you're trying to be case you talk to
Casey you gotta wait downstairs like
everyone else
so I appreciate dan I appreciate Sam I
appreciate Patrick for trying to get
this guy out of here and do the right
thing ultimately the police did have to
come we did file a proper police report
here the crime is criminal trespassing
look I don't know if this guy wanted to
hurt me if you wanted a selfie with me
have no idea what he wanted but when
he's confronted by three people who
clearly know me he refused to leave
showing up at my office as public as I
make the address showing up here is just
not appropriate one thing that happens
often there makes no sense to me as a
parent makes so no sense is when parents
drive down here and sit here with their
children to wait for me to come out of
my office
I love meeting people see me in the
street make sure you say hi but in an
environment like this is just wildly
wildly inappropriate so this was a kind
of a scary situation but just in general
I just please be respectful of my office
space in positive news though we are
going to build like a retail we're gonna
build like a public space in some part
of 360 a space that will be open and
have some sort of normal hours so if you
are in New York you can come visit and
that is appropriate and it's a space
that I control it doesn't disturb my my
neighbors this guy's this guy's not
invited okay now I will start the vlog
how to vote ideas you've had this was by
far by far the worst idea
you've got action and you've got intent
without intent there can be no action
but without action intent means nothing
you see my biggest frustration with 368
the series this show is that I want to
share with you all the intimacy's of
what's going on at 368 but company 368
the factory 368 this whole thing that
I'm trying to build here but it's a slow
process with 35 days in there's a lot
happening there's a lot of there's a lot
of action happening but I only like to
share with you the action because to
share the intent well I don't know about
you but I find it frustrating when
somebody says to me I'm gonna do this or
I'm gonna do that instead I prefer to
back off and then bring you back in when
there's some action to show you so let
me share a little action with you
probably the biggest thing is what's
happening behind me here see we can't
open up this entire space to the public
because well we're trying to work in
here but we want to build a space in the
very front of the store want to build a
space that's like you know we have hours
and maybe it's open one day a week or
maybe it's open two days a week then
maybe it's open more than that I don't
know but a space that people who come in
to want to have a merch store in here we
want to have like an won't have a space
where you can do like installations
video installations art installations
who know that's happening in real time
this this this is an action not intent
it's not we're gonna do that we are
doing that not sure what the signs for
but it's just so cool we kind of had to
have it this I guess is probably more
like intent than action just this isn't
really relevant to this this video it's
awesome they're right
Charlie sure what it's for but we can
easily take a picture of every visitor
we have in the space just to sort of
track things it's a cool project this is
our jump bike rack jump bikes are
motorized bikes that you just sort of
rent or borrow right around the city
there's a lot more happening with jump
bikes but I can't share it yet I'm going
to save the intent but I shared the
action
the office the office is not as all
about intent this is where action takes
place every single day the planning the
plotting the future 3 6 8 it all happens
right here the other thing that's
happening that's very exciting is the
team the three 618 is being built out we
currently have five people that work for
three six eight and soon you'll be
introduced to them right now it's so
kind of well there's like there's a lot
of like HR stuff there's a lot of good
reasons why you haven't met them yet
you'll meet them soon
five people it's happening this is the
location of what will be our second
podcast we're trying to avoid that diner
motif here because ultimately it will be
a talk show that we put most likely on
YouTube or somewhere else but this is
that it's being built the first
recording will most likely be this week
so it's happening action so that's it
that's the update of three six eight a
lot going on right now there'll be a lot
more to talk about very very soon but
action
the National Weather Service and not in
New York has issued a severe
thunderstorm warning for Manhattan in
southeast New York it look like that
they're supposed to huge storm today I
didn't think was gonna happen
oh my well we got to go to the highway
it's happening there's a huge storm
really
guy
is madness
all right so I've made it out here this
is where I want it to be the wind is
actually not as strong out here as it
was in the city where it's so pretty
strong you gotta see the sky
I don't know where it is I'm trying to
take a picture this boat I feel like
it's fine
oh it's going haywire wait the shut oh
it's really coming cut it down oh it's
like a driving punishing ready the
trainee stings and it hits you
Oh thinking everyone's everyone's like
running inside and you're like let's go
outside
coverage another boosted board
fucking doing it I'm having so much fun
through this booth abuse was broken
better plan
we are poison the city pretty a look at
that
