Hey
hey did you finish the tech Tuesday
intro I need it for today's episode
drones drones drones drones drones
drones drones when you talk about drones
you really talk about one brand and that
one brand is DJI
pji just dominates the market with hit
drones like the spark and the Mavic air
and me when consumers youtubers people
like me think of buying a drone this is
what's generally thought of and that's
despite there being a number of
interesting competitors that have come
to the market like the GoPro drone which
is an interesting device because it was
dynamic you could take the camera out
and mount it on your chest then there
are other devices like like this sky do
drone which is a start up their tracking
technology is amazing but difficult to
justify several thousand dollars when
for several hundred dollars you can get
one of these which which in a lot of
ways is superior to the several thousand
dollar one but just today I received a
drone in the mail from a company I had
never heard from the drone company I'd
never heard of and they pitched it to me
as a DJI competitor this this is the GD
uo2 drone
let's unbox
I'm waiting for the battery to charge
some initial thoughts on the GDU o2 now
when you open the box you're greeted by
these two things the controller and the
drone it feels a little cheap but I know
better than to judge a book by its cover
you have 4k video obstacle avoidance 20
minutes of flight time just sort of
what's expected from a small drone okay
alright enough yapping go test this
thing where there's a safe place to fly
these things that stand behind me Sam is
a tech aficionado and it's here to
consult on whether this GDU
- is worth the damn or not yeah better
is that better
alright so I'm not gonna do any big
sweeping dramatic shots because I don't
think you're supposed to out here better
do a low flight and really focus on
testing two things that is flight
control how easy is it to fly in an
image quality how pretty is the picture
that it yields before I send this in the
air one quick comparison with the
Maverick air just uh both folding drones
alright I'm going to start with the
Mavic air as sort of a controls who have
something to compare the GDU o2 to
nicely done okay here we go this is the
takeoff of the DD you see a man quality
doesn't look bad based on what I'm
seeing on the phone the flight control
though is very wishy-washy it feels like
what try to DJ I was several years ago
on top of that there's major connection
issues I can see the drone it's about 60
feet from me yet
I've lost connectivity three times it's
a big deal when you're flying these
drones
I lost it I watched it crash like right
over there there was no control what so
it did you see it I watched you just did
a dive bomb I mean it was you know I'm
only flying about 10 15 feet over the
water here for safety and I'm fly over
the water to be saved and the thing just
we see if we can get it I'd see it make
together he gets gone did you see it
he's got a poor one out for that drone
did you see it though father and son say
they heard it and just hit the water and
that's kind of it
it's in the water what are you laughing
how much of you my review now I'm no
expert drone pilot I've crashed more
drones and I've successfully flown but
this was really basic flight and the
thing just took off you saw I watched it
just zipped and then just went just heal
and then that was the end of that no
sign of it before I sent the drone up in
the air I said to camera image quality
and flight controls are what I'd be
testing and the failure that was the GDU
tests flight I think is solely to blame
on the flight control itself flight
control by the way is like this software
it's what how you interact with the
drone as it's fly when you pilot a drone
you're like operating a vehicle that is
up in the air and any sense of
disconnection is like so nerve-racking
for me there's so many things that can
go wrong and today was one of those days
I'm mostly just frustrated cuz I don't
even know if I can call this a tech
review I don't have the footage from the
drift out of today guru welcome Dan good
to see you and I don't even know if I
can call us a tech review because I
don't have the footage to compare
against the other what happened
I hate to give like a really strong
negative review about something but why
would you spend the same amount of money
on something that's that's an inferior
product all the way around went for the
same dollar amount you could get
something that is superior on all levels
DJ I'm DJ I doesn't pay me I just think
they make great products I want to do a
test with some so that you know that did
you see yesterday's video where um look
it's literally called instant regret why
would you do this it's got six point
four million on the scoville scale I
don't want to do this right now - no you
did you eat - I ate two of them you did
eat - I may - if you you can eat I'm
going to write this do it do it come on
choo choo choo choo choo choo dude he's
tough he's touch he made it something is
such a big deal watch it watch it go
happily it's like I'm not gonna cry it's
like the hottest Kyle I can't even talk
dude it hurts man youtube.com slash
youtube.com slash Sam Shepard I'll see
you there
good luck Sam
