this shit down here huh this is all shut
down yep
whole highways shut down no one felt
they're building a new life
thousand-foot tower and I guess I guess
either the scaffolding fell something
fell chopper 2 overhead as firefighters
and police helped pull the second
construction worker from the scaffolding
through a window and safely into the
building both of those workers were
unhurt
we're live this afternoon in Tribeca
Janelle Burrell CBS 2 News but I'm
completely starving so I had an idea I
got like a thousand new fan mailboxes
thank you sometimes people send me food
I'm just going to open up fan mail here
until I find a box containing foods the
first box had food in it well there's no
exact scene I thought this was you know
like a really good scene in the blog
where I open up all these box ducation
let me introduce myself I'm Erin
Galloway beef jerky jerky raised on my
family's ranch
so I teach law with mail time I thought
I'd like do a thing when I try to find
food with the first box had food in it
somebody sent me a wallet I think he
wants me to sign it send it back to him
Thanks Carlson is back to you it's a cup
of the Nerds it's a cup with a nerd
thank you for this lovely mug look at
this
hi Casey I saw the video on hello kitty
marshmallows and happened to be in a
Japanese market we have to thank
everyone that's in mm okay so like a
week ago here on this vlog I did a whole
shaming episode right shame Dan
for eating Francine's Marcos since then
people have sent us probably 500 maybe
bags of these Marshall I just want to
say thank you you guys sometimes you can
just be so thoughtful
what is that a big thank you to beard
season Tom a you for
yeah I got mine one two lookers in this
side thank you fellas
excellent job excellent job decorating
this here box holy it's a it's a segue
with like one will somebody sent me a
bunch of stuff that says no fun on it I
must have gotten the address wrong
because it's like a like a HOF off-road
segue one wheeler it's like a motorized
pogo stick exactly okay so the following
yep
yes this segment is going to be
dedicated to a thorough and
comprehensive review of this chair motor
rut
Casey thanks for accepting our unit for
review if you liked off your friends a
coupon code kc 200 will give you $200
off your own Kawano ko1 electric scooter
which the king one works like the human
body motion sensing technology
you really gotta lean forward according
to this your diagram and that's in this
sample moving backward and forward
slowly
yeah that's idle mode though you got
turning domo Jack what are you doing so
if you just not just in chords it looks
like it's gonna go fuck ready yeah
welcome it boosts commitment maybe we
should read the directions ok
Stephanie Duchaine who its carbon fiber
very high quality
I haven't done a while but we've been
doing some very exciting things in here
okay all right here we are two and a
half hours later down the road
you look good
we're gonna get some juice for French
that's what I get for fancy it's just a
little fruity
I love routines thank you
all wintertime long I just fantasize it
out of being warm out so I can come sit
outside of the juice place and have a
juice so this is it cool bro this is a
juice delivery service that is the
mission this afternoon we do it I'm
hiding from the shut I was gonna do
myself like three minutes toughest news
honey I got you juice no that's that's
not that's Rick and Morty those are
special staff you don't know who Rick
and Morty is what a Saturday morning
cartoon do you know Rick and Morty I do
we're born in the 90s but knows every
born in the 2000s and knows everything
you're gonna see passes she said she sat
on the train today next to somebody
wearing a Casey Neistat sweatshirt she
said hi yeah you mean one of pink one in
a four enjoy
lady wants to leave my guys
that's our like a brand-new bottle
that's cool the New York City Fire
Department Dan they're some of the
coolest human beings on planet earth
that Ghostbusters like you like them
risks that they treated yeah I gotta go
back to three City
okay it's late but we finished our work
dan before we sign off yes is your movie
done everybody wants an update
it's finished okay but Monday's disobey
today for me to upload so you're sitting
on a completely finished film yeah why
didn't you show it to me I told you I'm
going to show you on Sunday I still want
to do some little sweet okay but it's
not a hundred percent yeah but it's it's
like for the stories there if I'd
finished it the way it's finished now
last night I see I can't wait to see it
I will give a full movie review before
it's released before its release
yeah people want to know should they
spend their time okay it will be totally
unbiased alright that's it four three
six eight tomorrow
you
