by the way we haven't formally launched
the three six eight like program where
we bring in young creators and they use
the space and take advantage but somehow
uninvited Jack coin different kind of
episode today I think you're gonna like
it
I'm pretty excited about it
today I'll be telling the story of Dan
mates
sup Jaime who's shooting you're moving
up yep so Dan as you know is my homie
from South Africa he's here in New York
for I don't know a couple weeks more and
while he's been here he's been helping
me make youtube videos but he's also
here for his own thing and that's
something we haven't talked about yet on
the vlog today seemed like a perfect day
because Dan is gonna try to be he's not
gonna try Dan is going to be making a
video for his main channel today I'm
gonna be assisting him that felt like
the perfect opportunity to I don't know
kind of explain who Dan is and what Dan
does a little bit better do I say
something not whoa Dan what were you
doing in South Africa before you moved
to New York City I would direct TV
commercials what was your favorite brand
you made a commercial for um it's not
necessarily about the brand it's
probably more about the commercial
itself which was a job I did for Tosca
Naga in Kenya I'm Dan Mays film director
from Cape Town we've just wrapped up the
TV commercial and short form for tasks
did you like being a commercial director
in the beginning when I came into it I
really believe that that was what I
wanted to do I thought that commercial
film directing was my was the be-all and
end-all for me I got to be on big sets
have big crews work with lots of money
but then eventually my ideas started but
my ideas started to become watered down
it started to become about a lot more
than just the concept of filmmaking
I just felt that the true essence of
what filmmaking means to me was stripped
away and I started to forget about why
it is that I make phones so what does
this movie today we're making today
today I'm basically exploiting you and
your channel to get me loads of fun Stan
is downstairs waiting for me right now
no joke I am truly genuinely nervous to
be assisting him because like when we're
shooting it's my video he's so good at
backing me up and I am not good at
assisting someone teaches I'm like
because I'm always trying to impart my
ways on their shoe hey pardon me guys
dude do you want to see do you want to
see how good of an assistant I am yes
you forgot the memory card shit okay
first team
I'm gonna get you to do this three times
I'm gonna take a couple to either gonna
walk pass to the time body there'll be
two of you yet it's as simple as that
and I I make films because I have not
learned anything else and I know I can
do it to a certain degree and it is my
duty one of my favorite filmmakers
Verner Herzog has 24 rules of filmmaking
here's a couple of them and what they
look like in real life number one always
take the initiative hold the board over
yet when you walk past that mark that
middle monitor essentially you nine yeah
you actually have a line
you're shooting down here dad yeah we're
using the podcast yeah but I changed it
check oh look at this this is the
podcasting studio back here which by the
way today Friday we launched the second
I say this already we launched the
second ever pod episode of couples
therapy the podcast available we're all
podcasts are on Spotify on Apple
podcasts on anchor go download it
Candice and I really put a lot of work
into this one you ready number two
there's nothing wrong with spending a
night in jail if it means getting the
shot you need food
you mean the contest
can we not dip a little bit of this
intelligence yeah yeah today's today's
video is is about that it's about my
journey as a film director where I'm not
where I've come from and how why I've
decided to make the step in my career
that sounds boring you should make it
sound more interesting for the people
number five learn to live with your
mistakes I've lost I've lost my script
I'm stressing out man it is so much
easier to be directed by someone else
than have to direct someone else Dan
you're doing a great job - in total
sincerity you're way nicer on set than I
am
yeah I didn't hear what I say that I go
to the bathroom really number 11 ask for
forgiveness not permission shooting in
the sub-basement
the kinds of ads that I was doing I
wasn't happy making right so what do you
want to be when you grow up
what's the big goal I want to be uh so
my major goal is to be made my major
goal is to be paid to make the films
that I want to make I mean doesn't that
sound like the dream number 17 don't be
fearful of rejection
we're now headed out to the water to
shoot what will be my final scene ready
dan is on the boosted board
taking me go Oh number 19 day one is the
point of no return
I mean doesn't it sound like the dream
so what's between you and accomplishing
that just fucking doing it the location
dad asked me for it was a place where we
could sit on a bench with good light
no one would bother us in the city
skyline would be behind us this is what
I came up with skylines right there no
one's out here look at all these vacant
benches beautiful benches beautiful
location I think he's going to be very
happy with this every time what do you
think what do you think this location
that's good number 18 develop your own
voice are you excited dad I'm sorry to
be put can I get emotional a little bit
of okay do it cue romantic music done
dude - to upload something to my channel
feels incredible I'm nervous and I'm
like at the same time I'm like
I great you know what I mean yeah I know
it feels good there's nothing more
satisfying than clicking the up look no
then clicking the publish man let's hit
that last shot done I gotta get I gotta
get home or 10 years from now you'll be
my age
Dan's 10 years younger than me 10 years
ago you'd be my age where would you like
to be that double the amount of subs is
yeah that's totally doing it totally
doable Oh to be honest I would want to
be living on the space of YouTube
creating content that that people want
to watch and the content that makes me
happy
essentially that's not like I said
that's the goal the dream is to be like
filmmaking for me is so much more than
making phones so we're fully done how do
you think it went
it's it's tough like time like what you
wish what you've been teaching me about
time management that's where I really
need to learn and focus on stop trying
to make things perfect so after doing 30
what we've made 31 videos you've watched
me make you've helped me make 31 videos
in like the last month what's it like
making your first video in the shadow of
like that absolutely insane manic pace
for today I fully understand why you so
hardcore like I don't know like to be
honest I'm a part of your videos every
day but because I'm not directing and
they're not my videos I'm kind of taking
direction from you and when I you know
to be a part of the whole idea
consistently like working on it is very
difficult thing to do
you know so like I admire you for hey
number eight there's never an excuse not
to finish the film dan is the movie done
what how what I made a whole like behind
the scenes documentary in the whole like
the whole movie ends with like there's
no excuse not to finish what happened
well how am I supposed to end my vlog
now nobody's gonna go subscribe to you
if there's no new movie there Dan okay
is it good did you make a good movie
well if you made a great movie that's
all that matters alright I'll let
everybody know it doesn't come out till
next week Dan's movie you'll be out on
on Monday go subscribe to the channel
anyway the poor poor guy
