do you look cold on its ever do you look
like a nerd I think you look like a
badass dude
a lot of people have been asking about
my bike so let's talk about my bike
today's tick review cheese never advised
me to travel back in time I've always
sought means of transportation that are
different from likes public
transportations subways too noisy and
crowded
buses are too slow calves are too
expensive drying is impractical walking
this doesn't cover enough distance now
if you've watched this vlog you know
that my favorite means of transport are
my boosted boards so I have so many of
them a couple weeks ago I got one of
these bikes
it's called the super 73 and it's really
really interesting a little history on
the super 73 the parent companies called
lithium cycles and they launched as a
Kickstarter in 2016 they started
shipping these bikes I want to say in
early 2017 or late 2016 it's a very cool
company they work with a lot of
youtubers and they sent me two bikes one
for Candice and one for me kind of
thought I'd be like a joke that would
sit in the corner of my office this
thing's kind of taken over and it's the
first means of transport in New York
City in whatever 2 or 3 years that has
started to make inroads competing with
my boosted board for my favorite way to
get around and now a closer look at the
bike
right before Dan and I can actually
shoot the out in the street version of
this I have to have Sam teach me how to
use the stabilizer and this all that
totally said one secret stabilizer
package for mr. nice dad yeah it holds
the ATD with like the super small lenses
it's really useful you think you can
handle it I don't know I'm scared of
like riding and shooting but it holds
the camera really well yeah sort of like
a double tap are you Tuesday you mount
it on the bottom here and then there's a
bunch of different axes to balance
locked and twisted ready to go so it's
neat is if you want to get the super low
drop down shot you turn it over like
this and then you can like really get
super low to the ground and this is like
ultra ultra stable shots yeah
riding a regular boat gotta watch out
for potholes yeah be careful of cars
gotta be up guys gotta be mindful of the
handlebars sitting in between other car
most importantly you have to obey
traffic laws
so this thing at three
what is this we're just pedaling like a
madman it's not bad but it's kind of a
heavy bike to just pedal number two
number two something called pedal assist
and basically what that means is after
you pedal the motor are you doing as you
pedal the motor picks up and takes off
for you it's like you have super muscled
superhuman superhero power and your legs
like watch I'm totally white already
watch me take off later
and in the lifeboat
survive
one advantage this thing has over other
electric bikes and bikes in general is
it can handle off-roading like grass
dirt gravel really well
ready
so there's a lot to like about this and
and the reason why I think that this
thing is kind of brought bikes back into
my life in New York City is just cuz of
how dynamic it is I put that milk crate
on the back so now I can haul a bunch of
things the range on its further than my
skateboard it's faster than a regular
bicycle I don't get all sweaty I do feel
a little bit safer on a bike that I do
on a skateboard but there are concerns
with riding an electric bike in a city
like New York for example up until a
month ago electric bikes were completely
outlawed did you know that it wasn't
like as in January they completely out
as of October of last year mayor de
Blasio mayor of New York City
said no more power-assist no more
electric bikes so if cops saw you on a
bike like that they immediately take the
bike away and they give you an up to a
$500 fine now as of April 8th of this
year like five weeks yes about a month
ago exactly actually to the day a month
ago exactly today the mayor announced
that that he's pulling that back and now
bikes are okay if they're power-assist
as in they pedal as well which this does
so once again this bike is legal but
these are kind of the concerns when
you're on something that looks like that
instead of a traditional bicycle but
there is one factor that the super 73
has and maybe just as new but the fun
factor I think is higher on this bike
than maybe any other vehicle ever ridden
in the city would would you agree it's
so much fun it's so much fun
one thing you consider though if you
live in a city and you have a bike like
this is if you leave it outside it's
going to get stolen so you gotta take it
in
and that's what's required to get this
thing into my office uh it's the last
question ever so I guess the last it my
overexposed it's just so harsh Oh
perfect perfect perfect dude the big
question Arizona asked is how much of
these things and they are right around
two grand they have a couple of
different versions to get but they start
below two grand they go over two grand
that's that's expensive it's a lot of
money for an electric bike but if you
start to compare them to other high
quality electric bikes it's kind of in
the sweet spot there are certainly bikes
that are more expensive and they're
definitely having low quality bikes that
are less expensive and that's kind of it
on the super 73 one thing that I will
say is this company seems you're doing a
lot of work with YouTube creators I love
that Sam here has done a video Sam here
send it wide Sam here has done a video
it's super 73 she was subscribed to Sam
by the way you helped me make this video
Jesse who else is done Jesse's worked
with super 73 you work with so they just
gave me this bike super 73 if you want
to work with me more formally I'd love
to do something love your product but it
seems like a great company it's an
American start-up these things are
designed in California and I gotta say
for for if you're in the market for an
electric bike is non-traditional as this
is because most of like they look like
regular bikes this is like a your yeah
this thing's pretty amazing and I have
to say Summer 2018 this is probably
gonna be my main ride right I'm with it
it's so much better ride
alright that's it for our 360 I'll see
you tomorrow
I rode my bicycle past your window last
night I roller skated to your door at
daylight
