when you compromise and you fail it
really hurts it hurts even more and
failing at what you love 20 years ago 20
years ago today is when Apple computers
unveiled the first iMac
this is iMac I saw that and I saw that
on Twitter and I got super super
nostalgia because it made me think it
made me think of when I got this this is
my iMac and this was the machine the
first ever that I edited video on it got
me thinking and got me nostalgic and it
got me a little sad because I was
thinking back to what my life was like
then what my life was like at the exact
moment when I realized my dream my
ambition to one day become a filmmaker
where I was then where I wanted to be
and everything that stood in between me
and achieving my dreams it got me
thinking about those those obstructions
the things you have to overcome to
accomplish your aspirations in life so
today's episode in its entirety is gonna
be dedicated to one subject in one
subject only and that is the subject of
excuses excuses are exactly like holes
everybody's got them but nobody wants to
hear about yours
this is you and here are your dreams and
aspirations all that stuff what stands
between you and your dreams and
aspirations are obstructions what you
have to overcome to achieve your dreams
when I think back about my own
obstructions when I got that IMAX I
think of the fact that I had dropped out
of high school I had no education to
fall back on I think about the fact that
I knew nothing about the very thing that
I was aspiring to pursue my dream I knew
nothing about filmmaking those were some
of the gigantic obstructions between me
and any realization of my ambition there
were obstructions but they weren't
excuses would you welcome Jim Carrey Jim
my name is Jim Carrey I'd like to do
some impressions for you tonight Jim
Carrey one of the greatest American
comedians ever in one of my absolute
idols Jim Carrey Jim Carrey's dad Jim
Carrey's dad wanted to be a comedian my
father was not only the funniest man in
the room and before I was born he had an
orchestra in Toronto but you know in
order to be something special you had to
leave Canada and come down to the States
improve yourself in the States he was a
little bit afraid of that transition and
and also he had a family to take care of
so he he became an accountant and
ironically ultimately he was fired from
his safe job and him and his son Jim
Carrey and the rest of their family they
were homeless a lot of people don't know
this but but when I was about 14 or 15
my father lost his job and I actually
became homeless for quite some time Jim
Carrey the movie star his obstructions
were those things like being dirt poor
his dad not having a job the fact that
Jim Carrey had to drop out of school
when he was 15 to work as a janitor the
fact that Jim Carrey was homeless with
his family living out of a car
those were Jim Carrey's obstructions but
they weren't his excuses excuses are the
obstructions that become the reasons for
you abandoning your
dreams despite those obstructions he
still overcame all of them to chase down
his dream and become one of the most
successful comedians in the history of
comedy
each obstruction that is not overcome
becomes an excuse and these excuses
ultimately take the place of your dreams
and then all that's left are you and
your excuses so today on the shot wanna
introduce you to somebody who I'm a huge
fan of somebody who I draw tremendous
amounts of inspiration from somebody who
had greater obstructions than I could
ever imagine obstructions that make you
know being broke or not having education
seem meaningless someone who's really
chased down all of his dreams
let me let me list some of his accolades
he's a best-selling author he had his
own TV show that I think he wrote and
directed he's friends with huge
Hollywood movie stars like Russell Crowe
and you know five big movie stars he's
been on the red carpet of the Oscars the
most famous red carpet in the world when
he was a kid he wanted to be an action
movie star and he had hit a major role
and one of the greatest action movies
ever made an action movie that won a
movie that won six Academy Awards a
movie that made three hundred and
seventy eight million dollars in the box
office
he is by all means someone who had a
bunch of drink had a bunch of dreams had
a lot of obstructions and I've never
ever ever heard make an excuse there is
it's good to see you Quinn it's been a
while what time is it there all right I
like to Europe early this may well be
the most fragile boy in the world he was
born with broken bones and they haven't
stopped breaking Quinn I'm telling the
story of of what it means to overcome
obstructions in life to pursue a dream
tell me your life story this young man
is trying to do what the doctors deemed
impossible which is brittle bone disease
which means my bones break more easily
than you or someone else you know and
the doctors said that I wouldn't survive
a day let alone however old I am now the
one and only Quinton Kenna Han
how did you get a part in Mad Max one of
Australia's favorite characters who is a
filmmaker producer and disability
advocate now has something else
occupying his time Quinton Kenna Han has
landed a role in a big-budget Hollywood
movie OC but just don't see what's magic
tightly dead
what what are some of the other
accolades of your career that you're
particularly proud of for the audience
to learn about rights it that I'm the
only disabled person ever in an academy
award-winning I love that it's not right
yeah master goes to Mad Max fury road
Federation from the Queen I like that
awesome these are just Ingles these are
just things yeah I agree
the things that I love is that I'm
friends with you know I've got good
friends and a good support network in my
family around me they're the things that
I hold the enemy your obstructions are a
lot of them have to do with your
physical state but you chose not to let
your obstructions become excuses and use
you that is true you still achieve your
dreams despite all these obstructions
and you're still a man with no excuses
so I guess I would ask what advice would
you have for well certainly for me
because I'll take it but maybe for my
audience about overcoming obstructions
to in pursuit of your own dreams really
when you get to a hospital yeah you
really have to bring it down to two
things you're either gonna move or
you're either gonna dawn and I decided
very early long on that can I swear
you're sure Quentin you'll bleep it out
I decide if I'm gonna live fuck it let's
leave anytime gonna die
fuck it bring it on dawg
wins an amazing guy but there's one
thing that he said that really it was
when he said that he got the brass ring
in life as in he got lucky and won at
life that guy facing the hardships that
he has to face dealing with the I mean
just as the you know his own physical
disability for someone to maintain that
positive perspective on life I think
that kind of positivity probably the
most important thing when it comes to
making sure your obstructions don't
become your excuses okay that's it I'll
see you tomorrow on 360
