hey check this out hello this is Roberto
Roberto is in the olympics he's a runner
I got an idea quick question for today's
video
Roberto and I have been talking about
making a movie called Casey and
Roberto's guide to running for new
runners or something like that if we
were to make that is that something
people are interested in Roberto is
interested so I'm off to a super super
late start today cuz last night we were
recording the podcast I just got behind
so it's like you know 2:00 in the
afternoon right now which means I can go
do my favorite thing surprise Francine
as she gets out of school before she
goes to dance class also could I show
you my outfit today
it's like nice out today like really
nice out so I got on a white jumper red
shirt pink pants silver shoes
Candice picked out most of these clothes
but I just thought nothing makes me
happier then how excited then seeing how
excited she gets when she sees me
surprise her at school the little things
like you know damn I got a question yes
my sir last night at the house where
Adelaide mm-hmm
do you remember opening a bag of a pink
bag of Hello Kitty marshmallows yes she
was saving these so you did open them
and before you open them they were
completely unknowable right and did I do
something bad
those were Francine's special
marshmallows for her special trip and
you opened them down and you open them
this camera here it doesn't have doesn't
have like a flip out so I have to plug
in an external monitor but there was a
minor mishap last week I ganked the
camera and I'm still connected to this
thing and this thing just well I kinda
it broke it broke in like a million
pieces and one of the bits that I
couldn't figure out a properly fix was
the part that connected to like the the
tripod mount so my fix here is just to
permanently attach it to this little
gorilla pod your try hot glue
it's totally works okay do you know who
Buster Keaton is Buster Keaton is one of
my favorite like movie makers of all
time he's a guy who he's a kind of
started making movies in the movie
business when the world of movies was
where the world of like YouTube is right
now meaning there was like no road map
there was no like defined style or like
genre you could invent things like
vlogging was invented in the last five
years and he invented okay whatever
just watch this ready
all right he really he's really doing
this like he really did that those
stunts are all real there's no special
effects like nope that's all like he's
actually doing these things and he did
this at a time when like nobody knew
what motion picture or moving images
could be used for and this was the stuff
that he would come up with in his head
you know much work it must have taken
for that one joke but I bring him up
because there is definitely a parallel
between him a hundred years ago trying
to figure out what movies could be and
the entire YouTube community right now
trying to figure out what can be done
here
okay see this right here just above the
beam see the beam just above the beam
that is the Japanese the Japanese
grocery store it's this awesome place
that sells all like something you only
get in Japan but they import it here but
you came and tailed it came and tell
it's up there look that's a coffee shop
and up there where the broccoli is and
that lot and those prawns are and that
octopus is that's the Japanese grocery
store you have to take this elevator
upstairs to get there
now I'm here looking for something very
specific
Hello Kitty pink marshmallows but while
I'm here why not take a look
I found the time I found the snacks and
candy aisle this is where off I'm at
Hello Kitty marshmallows
this is them but there's no there's no
Hello Kitty branding on them I'm gonna
get them those like lollipops thank you
have a good day all right oh man did I
get some good stuff
dude you should see all the Japanese
stuff I got in the crazy Japanese
grocery store what for in theme it's
just so because there it is I'm taking
down on the scenic route home Washington
Square Park
have you been to Granite village yet you
know I've only been to the places that
you've taken me what do you do when
we're not together then we're always
together
right only not gonna be sleeping pretty
much like this weekend's the first time
we're going to be apart for more than
ten then so what are you gonna do I've
flown a friend from South Africa we're
gonna hang I can't be alone right what's
up guys this is part three of case
United States tour of New York City
Greenwich Village is Washington Square
Park what's up guys
so this is watching split apart and
there's a lot of street performer
telephone does he bring us me honor to
work every day so this corner down here
no joke this is where like this is where
the weed dealers are are we get back to
our channels yes nice to meet you guys
thank you sir
what do you think of watching today I
could picture myself getting married
yeah underneath that archway that's my
dream all right well I guess that
concludes part three of Casey's hundred
part series
Casey's guide to New York City later dad
on tomorrow's episode start the
interruption I didn't post yesterday I
might not post tomorrow see I'm onna
like a family vacation we're having a
great time but took a couple days off of
the other vlog tub you know really focus
on family they'll be worth it cuz the
episode from here is gonna be so fun
alright I'll see you I'll see you
tomorrow
