you're too heavy I typically get running
shoes three pair at a time see I've got
a metal leg flat feet and I run I land
on my heels so these shoes look good see
that see how the heels all melted away
you don't want to run on shoes like this
because it can mess up your home so once
every six months so I have to get new
shoes today's the day three new pair
showed up
I wear a parent next day rotate next day
rotate back to the first pair and repeat
this is something that a pro Runner
friend taught me you see that the foam
in the shoe it doesn't recover in a day
it needs a couple days to recover after
a long run so you got a multiple shoes
so it is anybody who watches this show
care about this stuff
an unpaid and probably unwanted
advertisement for my favorite coffee
shop Thank You coffee
thanks for letting me use your cars
inside
it's really nice in here good for
meeting slicing Tom great windows this
staff is only super chill except for
when they catch me filming and they've
got good snacks like sandwiches and
vegan muffins if you're into that kind
of thing but mainly it's just the best
cup of coffee they're gonna get like a
10-block radius of three six eight hey
this is mine yeah thank you
so that's my unsolicited unasked-for
commercial advertisement for think
talking come grab yourself
so much so much to talk about recently
but let's have let's have this
conversation up in the office
remember the office up here the one by
the bathroom the one where there was a
hole here that went into the room there
i'm happy to say the office is nearly
complete ready first time ever
sliding door dreams to comes through
little steps out here you go we've got a
secure ish railing
it's the progress in the door
see as of two weeks ago when I announced
this new series and I announced the
whole 368 initiative and all of our
ambitions at that time all that existed
was a big empty space and an idea and in
the last two weeks it's evolved to a big
empty space with some construction work
done and a slightly more mature idea see
when building something that has the the
scale the ambition of what I and soon we
are trying to do here at 3 6 8 it
obviously takes time but there's also
there's also a structure to how that
time is spent and what the priorities
are initial priorities in here are
making it so we can actually work in
here hence the office being nearly done
and then another priority that's at the
very very top is the team and we have
made some progress on the team not ready
to announce yet but there's a couple of
key people that are now on or close to
being on that will help me run and
realize that the mission and and just
operate this its operation what has been
particularly interesting to me are what
aspects of three six a people have been
responding to the most whether it's on
social media or in the comments on
YouTube the one thing that stands out is
this idea of enabling and helping small
creators which is something that I'm
tremendously passionate about but seeing
out people react to that has been well
it's been overwhelming overwhelming for
a lot of reasons overwhelming because I
know how to help creators when it comes
to creators that maybe I stumble upon or
seek me out that are just making
incredible work I get excited and I talk
about them and I share them with this
audience they grow because of that that
is not something that's scalable
plugging people on this channel is not
an effective way to grow a lot of people
so figuring out what that infrastructure
might look like what this idea of
enabling others might actually feel like
might actually be like that's something
that I've been spending a lot of time
thinking about and that is something
that I think the future of 368 could be
instrumental in the planning and the
execution of every aspect of three six
ages compartmentalised
one piece get it done they move on to
the next they move on to the next they
move on to the next you build something
small you see if that works you add on
to that you see if that works you add on
to that you see if that works you add on
to that
that's the effective way to build a
business and that's exactly
trying to do at 368 the hardest part of
that for me is that it doesn't make for
really interesting content I mean to
show you the nuances everything is
transpiring in 3 6 8 every single day
would be about the video equivalent of
showing you paint dry the steps are all
tiny but in aggregate they're meaningful
all things start small all great things
start small cicero said that and that is
that's that's what's going on right now
at 368 from both the physical
perspective and an ambition that you do
it in an ambition perspective and
everything in between but the train is
moving forward we've got greater
direction and understanding now and it
seems like it feels like every day that
passes by we have more clarity on how to
execute on what we're trying to
accomplish
Jesse I got a serious question for you
yes all right I know I've been yapping a
lot today but I think it's time for me
to answer the question that every single
person the question that every single
person on Twitter and in the youtube
comments and everywhere else has asked
which is why the suit there is not much
of an answer like there's not much of a
reason for me wearing a suit I guess it
goes like this well you know what come
here bring it when I was thinking of
starting 3 6 8 and in starting a new
Daily Show here I knew there'd be no
disassociating this new daily vlog with
my daily vlog from the past that's why
all of you know me in the first place is
from that vlog how does this feel
different so one idea I had was like
what if at the beginning I'm always
wearing a suit and then at first glance
you know that this is 3 6 8 and not the
vols ok that's kind of it it's like
there's not much more to it than that
yes I'm a fan of Reservoir Dogs
yes I think it's cool that the Yakuza
wear the same outfit no I don't think
it's cool that when I go to restaurants
people think I'm a waiter
no it's not really comfortable and then
yesterday this is embarrassing but
yesterday yesterday Candice finally
admitted to me that uh she doesn't find
the suit to be handsome anymore so that
was kind of it I'm sorry there isn't a
more intellectual response for why I'm
wearing a suit there's not there's
really not much more to it I think now
that I've told you that I can probably
stop wearing the suit I'm I am worried
that once I don't have the suit on
there'll be some confusion as to what it
is you're watching but see this is from
the old vlog so I think you're gonna get
compute there better awesome I know
I'll check I'll tell you all about this
soon see I got a serious question for
you yes should I put the suit back on
people were starting to like question
the suit and I'm doing a lot of peer
pressure to stop wearing it what do you
think
don't stop the suit because you want to
save out but every day looks good what
about this sweatshirt this is more like
that's nice too they give you one of
these yet no yeah no yeah
it's a brute Stood Still have you had
your box of Ding Dongs yesterday I think
I'm done with the suit
on tomorrow's episode of three six eight
back to work
in my mouth
ha ha
