okay
okay today is tech reviewed tech review
Tuesday very exciting tech review
Tuesday hey did you shoot the shoot a
proper intro yet for tech review Tuesday
dan what should we review this week for
tech review Tuesday well you've got like
25 boxes unopened boxes okay great idea
total Redemption this week SEC review
Tuesday is gonna be a mystery item it's
gonna be something that we find in one
of those boxes
you count me in it goes like this three
two one and then your head a beat and
then snap ready good yeah three okay
it's so cool that people send you all
the staff tea
yeah the coolest thing in the world that
people send exciting it is exciting
okay so this is sort of the first three
six eight US mail time slash tech review
Tuesday can I just go for it go for it
man
thanks for the book not for tech review
Tuesday dough cool I don't think it's
tech review Tuesday
somebody sent me a lacrosse stick man I
haven't played lacrosse in years sorry
hi Casey my name is David
I run the non profit bridge lacrosse in
Dallas Texas gave it on the trigger on
your nonprofit thank you for the
lacrosse stick made me very nostalgic
gutesey my name is Robert Robert thanks
for this amazing piece of wood James
Hudson thank you for the Grimm forest oh
this is from my dear friend Carly cloth
as part of her code with claw see
initiative where they help young girls
learn how to code code with claws he's
doing a collab with away away suitcases
luggage not tech review Tuesday material
though
ha whoa Thank You Jared mrs. Patel is
that better I feel like we're a little
dark before that's better
okay now topping the list of coolest
things I've ever received at mealtime
right that is really cool
this American flag flew on STS 50 for
the sunny endeavor mission this went
into outer space on January 13th 1993
and liftoff liftoff of the space shuttle
Endeavour with NASA's newest tracking
station in the sky number one coolest
thing I've ever been given in the
history of male time what are you gonna
do with it
I don't know but you know it sucks it's
still not tech review Tuesday material
got it fly five air drop portable
accessory for drone so what this is a
thing that you attach to your drone and
then you fly your drone in the air you
fly the drone and then you push a button
in this drops whatever is attached from
the drone that you want from my brain
when I hear of a drone that can drop
things goes to a place of kind of danger
and okay we're not gonna do that bad
vibe we need to think of something
positive to attach and drop with the
drone Pizza
hey good do you have a plane Pete's a
weekend out that's kind of have a piece
now there a puck
no thank you great can I have a piece ah
you know what no no I don't know yet so
these are those air drops into our
mouths okay
let sit over there yep fair enough sure
just have a bite a little bite okay
Oh am i this easy to abandon the whole
storyline of not getting to eat pizza
until the air drop it's nice to sit at
home in South Africa anger one day I'm
gonna have a baby pizza no I'm having it
dreams do come true
all right now I have to figure out how
to attach the drone dropping mechanism
to the bottom of the drone I have a lot
of parts in here this I would assume is
the button that releases the light
dropping mechanism this I imagine is
what attaches to the bottom of this this
is the motor release mechanism so see
that pin right there I think when you
push the button it releases that pin and
drops whatever's in its crosshairs all
right both of those are charging airdrop
quick guide step one attach the bracket
step one complete step to attach the
product product attached set three turn
on and off
before operate turn on/off double click
the pull the button oh ok ready release
release
alright let's go test this thing out
you gotta keep that got the drone got
some twine here I'm gonna use this clamp
to hold the pizza I'm a little worried
about the weight though dude how many
pieces did you eat
sorry bread okay no it still works so
much I now attach the pizza to the clip
okay
beat the road yeah beat the John
the Jones like meet the drones like you
count again
okay here it comes Jericho
okay jump it dog
I'm gonna attempt to catch it in my
mouth I'm dropping the pizza ready here
comes three two one useless
are you okay
bring it down it hit you on the head all
right going for another going for
another attempt this time I know what to
do okay I'm ready okay here it comes
again
no are you going to bring it low okay
becomes your pizza he's the new
sensation in the nation piece for USA
his flying saucer innovation pizza boy
USA
he's getting ready now listen boy USA oh
fuck yourself take the whole box yeah
yeah yeah buh-bye
pizza boy USA
on tomorrow's episode of three six eight
ice cream in your flight why the suit
