like per feet week the f-16 is just go
over did miss it
happy Friday I mean Friday everybody
taste Friday yeah you mean to tell me
that
the pledge birthday distraction I'm
jumping on my bike because there's
something after there's something up
you'll see and it's not this guy it's
not this guy
you see cause a pleasure my brother it's
always a pleasure it's a pleasure man
what's going on oh you know me oh I'm
going to see the fighter jets they're
flying the f-16s over the water right
now really yeah 10:30 we can shut them
down Marlon take care so as I was saying
to my friend Marlon I'm headed down to
the Hudson River because today as part
of Fleet Week they're flying f-16s over
the river and I'm super excited about
that whoa
the last time I saw fighter jets over
New York City was on September 11 they
were armed that day whoo so it wasn't
quite as exciting it was more scary
okay that's the river there I don't
really know where the best Vantage is
but I mean ahead to the southern tip of
the island they come here they come
I was incredible
oh really they're coming back hazing
so this is a quick lunch meeting with
Sara and David who are a part of the new
company which is exciting so they'll
probably be in this vlog more and more
moving forward good lunch good to see
you
bye have a good weekend here is your
daily dose of happiness and positivity
I'm in Washington Square Park right now
shooting some time-lapse camera here
camera here but there's a bunch of
amazing that's going on around me that I
wanted to share first
today is NYU graduation day so you see
all these people in their purple
graduation gowns getting their photos
taken which is just amazing okay
then today's one of the first really
like super nice days so it's the first
time seeing kids playing in the fountain
an entire
headed back to the office now it's like
3:00 p.m. I really feel like I've done
nothing today but ride my bike around
this city and chase around fighter jets
yeah this is the last time I'm going to
see Finn until fall yeah it's a notice
until August I thought you were going to
like Africa or something in Tanzania and
then rock and then it Costa Rica and
then that Ibiza and then want to go and
then London but good to see you safe
travels man good to see you
bye Tim bye Anna Laura talk to you guys
soon except for you I'll talk to you in
a while
trying to get home before the before the
baby goes to sleep
I think I got this though it's only 26
45 yeah look at that son we are going to
Whole Foods
ready
can you stay awake can you stay away
we're doing grocery shopping but Candace
likes to stop and stare it's a really
fancy houses that's one house look at
one family lives in this house
that's wild
we're almost home we're almost home
friends we're going home now you're
gonna go to bed good night my little
girl
you
