you ready yes okay wait before we go in
this is the food testing crude it's this
is it this is what we're here to test
the White Castle impossible slider hi
how are you doing do you sell a lot of
the impossible burgers you do can we
have a ten pack of impossible burgers
and a ten-pack of cheeseburger
cheeseburger hello hello welcome to
Raleigh we're a white castle on Myrtle
run we're at the White Castle on Myrtle
in Brooklyn and we're here to test out
the new impossible burger the idea has
been around for decades replaced that
juicy burger with something a bit
healthier
thanks to startup impossible foods which
is using science to create a 100%
vegetable based burger that tastes and
bleeds like the real thing to test this
out we got 10 regular cheeseburgers and
then 10 impossible vegetarian burgers to
do a little compare and contrast
we're gonna taste them to see which one
to see if they taste different but first
some really really really detailed
close-ups
overachiever this is neat no this is
impossible yeah that's what I thought
this is a neat burger right yes yeah
that looks much more like this okay
we're gonna start this test by first
sampling the regular beef traditional
White Castle slider familiar not to I
will say there's nothing distinguishing
Li beefy about this does this like beef
or a burger or steak like a mushy wet
you finish it okay
now the moment you've all been waiting
for this is the impossible real-life vs.
impossible foot photo it does look
better it looks better and it's heavier
is heavier it's denser so that's high
enough
it smells smoky it smells beefier than
the be okay right
I like it better it's a little everybody
laughing yeah it's not even close to a
veggie burger or a tofu burger anything
about that it's very very much
a burger this tastes like a burger it
tastes like meat substantial meat do you
know I mean though this is almost like a
it's not usually me yeah so we made like
a pancake okay we're now going to switch
over the test from Oscar and Casey's
taste test to sue in Candis double blind
taste test beef burger versus impossible
burger can you see anything Candace now
okay can you see anything I feel you can
see no I didn't say anything
you're now both gonna be asked to open
your mouth your mouths gonna stick
something in there that may or may not
be beef what is it so funny
take a bite okay there you go take a
bite okay all right
and it's smoky absolutes good come on
that's good now you're both gonna be fed
another sandwich which may or may not be
beef now it's open and bite and bite
okay that one's actually good too
what was number one beef one was number
one one two it was number two okay
nothing you're eating the villain I'm
swinging
select the bellman
