see that foot outline that mark right
there it's sort of shaped like a foot
the reason why that there is so you know
exactly where to place your foot to find
the center of gravity to do this cool
right
it is it is just after 6:00 a.m. I got
up super early this morning to take some
time lapses of this amazing town it's so
pretty
so I'm back at MIT today super excited
about that love being in Cambridge love
working with with the folks at the Media
Lab Owen will be up at MIT this week as
well this is his spring break at school
and he's doing a student internship
curious what its gonna be like to work
side-by-side with the kid parenting it's
like an enigma wrapped up in a mystery
I really wish I spent more time with
this house needs to be here all the time
it's just gotten so tricky with the baby
do me a solid if you should ever find
yourself in New London Connecticut come
to muddy waters cafe go in look to the
old guy behind the counter say hello
that's my dad just don't expect anything
for free
boys hate dad yeah joined MIT
five pops I'm gonna take my coffee and
run I'll be back in New York probably
Saturday I'll see you saturday
fine dad thanks for the coffee
this car gets about eight miles to the
gallon
extremely illegally but right back for
it got three of my favorite people in
the whole world just chilling out
working here hey Owen how's work hey
that how much of this cake did you eat
Owen zero zero and I just realized I
forgot to put money in the meter right
there's the meter maid
stupid ticket
that's my iphone there and I want to use
the window as like tripod for it I mean
it's kind of like the perfect tripod but
if it falls that's pretty severe so far
so good so I should start by saying
ivory recorded this scene like three
times and I seldom do that with these
vlogs what you see is what actually
happened and you can trust that but I
said I would mention or I would talk
about my new business in today's vlog
and I'm super anxious about it see I
feel almost dishonest and not having
shared the details of my new company on
the vlog yet this vlog is about me it's
about what I'm up to it's about my life
and this company is my life
it's my only focused career wise it's
the reason why I'm no longer doing
advertising it's how I spend the vast
majority of all of my time in the office
but there are very legitimate not that
legitimate but there are legal reasons
why I can't get into the specifics of
what I'm doing so all I can tell you is
that my new company will be a very big
part of this vlog moving forward but
there are some very specific short-term
legal hurdles that we have to overcome
before I can really share with you what
I'm up to
I hope you will bear with me continue to
watch my vlog and trust that in the
future in the very near future I will be
sharing the details
of everything that I'm up to on this
vlog
that's all I got and I are gonna go to
the mall where's that kid we're gonna go
to the mall really quickly just do a
little father-son shopping thank you I
wouldn't put my hair yeah
