let me set the stage for you the year is
1994 two best friends Harry and Lloyd on
a benevolent mission to return a lost
briefcase to a woman they barely know
halfway across the country leave the
east coast of the United States and they
drive right to the middle of the country
to a little town called Aspen Colorado
hello and welcome to a new series here
at 368 called
story time at 3:16 yes I did just
describe the plot to the movie Dumb and
Dumber see I was like 12 years old when
I saw that movie I saw in the theaters
and it blew my mind it still stands it's
one of the best comedies ever made I saw
it with my best friend Joe and after
leaving that movie we decided that
immediately after high school he and I
both would leave Connecticut leave New
England and moved to Colorado this was
the vision this was our dream this is
what we wanted to do it's what we talked
about every day in biology class this
was the plan just a couple years later
and a fight with my parents they end up
running away from home when I was 15
freshman in high school and I get my
very first girlfriend pregnant and when
this happens I've to let go of all of my
lofty dreams to support my kiddo
which meant surrendering that plan to
move to ask
it's not gonna do us any good to sit
here whining about it we're in a hole
we're just gonna have to dig ourselves
out so my birthday is March 25th and I
started 368 I started this new series
this new daily vlog the first week of
April I wanted to do something special
for my birthday this year say I need to
be the last time I could like turn
everything off before before this blog
kicked off and that's something that I
wanted to do is realize that like 12
year old Casey dream of going to
Colorado with my day one homies and just
skiing and like got room for one more if
you still want to go to Aspen and that
was exactly what we did this is the
beginning of the trip we're headed to
Aspen now
first my friends that's Peter his dad my
dad's best friends they were friends
before we were we've known each other
since before either of us were alive
Andy Andy aka Chuck J he now on the same
lacrosse team together in in sixth grade
and I ran cross-country together in
seventh grade that's the guy who taught
me how to do a 360 on a BMX bike going
off a dirt ramp and then Joe Joe is my
number one ace homie my best friend
since childhood that I was always been
there for me that's Joe were there
now cut out of your 1999 I live in a
trailer park I wash dishes to support my
family and I had a tiny little baby now
I would spend all my days at home
watching that baby because I worked
nights and I remember a number of times
joe-joe coming to sit in my trailer
parking hanging out and we just sat
there on the floor of my trailer playing
Sega Dreamcast on my 27-inch Trinitron
glass CRT television when you have very
little you spend a lot of time thinking
about what you would do if someday you
had more means you had greater means or
resources and for me it was always about
doing something fun and something
special for my friends who were there
for me when I had nothing
we see it in hotel that was raped by the
base of the mountain it had an outdoor
swimming pool even though there was snow
on the ground
you were six horses made of sticks back
and she were white I was winning the
fight bang bang he shot me down the
ground
bang-bang
my baby shot me down seasons came and
change the time when I got back
my baby shot me down
we'd wake up every morning at the crack
of dawn so you'd be first on the
mountain you skied the entire day and
then by four o'clock we like exhausted
after eight hours of skiing and we went
to bed by 8 or 9 o'clock we are not high
schoolers anymore they weren't we're
adults we have families we have jobs we
have responsibilities and as you know as
you grow up and those responsibilities
become and those responsibilities
consume more and more of who you are the
opportunities to do things like go
skiing for a couple of days just for the
covet those opportunities are few and
far between that was never lost on us we
appreciated that every second of every
day
I think the takeaway for me is that that
was on its surface nothing more than a
couple of friends going skiing but
underneath that was kind of a lifetime
of dreams and ambitions and friendships
and fun and and memories and all those
other things you Harbor and they fester
in your brain
this was the physical manifestation of
that this was the realization of that a
life not shared is a life not lived and
having the same friends for decades of
my life really really made me appreciate
that you know 1994 is also the year that
that Biggie Smalls dropped his seminal
album ready to die with the smash hit
juicy age-old story of coming from a
place where you have next to nothing in
getting to a place that that you one day
dreamed of arriving at and sharing that
with the people that you care about and
that's what this stupid meaningless
broski trip was all about see you
tomorrow on three six eight on
tomorrow's episode of three six eight
so I can't breathe
