they're literally jackhammering outside
my office today I apologize if the sound
in this episode is
Danny and I met in South Africa I was
down there visiting Candace's family and
he really like showed me around Cape
Town and showed me all the awesomeness
that kid that had to offer and when he
told news come to New York City I kind
of promised and I'd be like his tour
guide I'd show them around and one
aspect of that I've just been absolutely
failing at is showing them good places
to eat so today I take the end of my
favorite breakfast restaurant as part
one of its 50 part series called KC die
sets guide to out-of-towners to me she's
you know sets guide to New York City are
you ready for this no I don't even know
what you're getting the best breakfast
in New York City
yes I got all this
I got all this herb I got I got all the
syrup I got all the serve I got I got
all the Sara that juice
dan how was it that was incredibly
delicious but if I keep on eating like
this I'm gonna be like Rob - I'll see
you at 360 trying to keep away from
existentialism John and Earth are trying
to keep away from issues flip on the off
since walk in the park of discovery I
will now read a monologue I didn't write
this monologue but it's pretty spot-on
so the person who emailed me this
morning with a perfectly nice request
I'm sorry to say the answer is no you
didn't do anything wrong you were
perfectly respectful within your rights
to ask about arranging a time for a
meeting see but the problem isn't you
there's something wrong with me I have a
form of anorexia don't be alarmed it's
not serious although I take it quite
seriously in fact in fact I think it's
the secret to all of my success I have
calendar anorexia I want as little in my
calendar as possible I'm meticulous
about it
whatever the least amount possible I can
have in my calendar without killing my
entire career that's what I want I want
to set up quick call to chat want to
have coffee next week let's get together
to discuss no no and no I could but I
just can't even if there are serious
opportunities even if the only take me
15 minutes even if it's something that
everyone else does I like to avoid it of
course I'm not perfect at this I do
succumb just like everybody else in the
modern world there are things that I
have to do and and those things have to
be scheduled there are requirements for
work and basic civility but even then
when I pull up my phone and I click on
today's date and I see little boxes of
time blocked out I get very nervous I
get anxious what is all this
where did my time go what about my day
why did I agree to all of this and then
the most fearful question how will I be
able to make my video you see my entire
day is my vlog time I can't schedule
that and if I do schedule that away it
better be because I'm getting paid or I
really want to do it because everything
else everything else is for suckers
see you've got managers and you got
makers there are two ways to run your
life managers know that their days
divided up into little itty-bitty pieces
for meetings calls and administrative
tasks makers on the other hand
makers need to have large blocks of
uninterrupted time to focus on what it
is they're making when people ask how
I'm able to get these videos done every
single day my calendar and erect SIA is
the answer
same goes the house able to manage a
healthy relationship with my wife and my
family and how I manage to exercise and
read time time is our most irreplaceable
asset we can't buy more of it we can't
get a second of it back we can only hope
to waste as little of it as possible
while we have it yet somehow we treat it
as the most renewable of all resources
so if the ask is if we can get together
and chat or pick my brain the answer is
no I'm sorry but I have this condition I
hope you understand okay I didn't write
that it's not amazing my friend Ryan
Holliday is a brilliant writer he's the
one who wrote that he's good so I said
hi and while I'm not as Extreme as like
that letters written there's a lot in
there that I do agree with after time
with my family and focusing on my family
this blog is my number one priority and
it does make it hard or frustrating
what's up harder frustrating to try and
have meetings or give time to everybody
who asks for some of my time but every
once in a while there's a really good
exception to that rule
what's up Casey my name is jack conte I
am the CEO of patreon but actually this
is not a patreon video this is just me
and you I've got an idea
and I want to talk to you
this is it Casey this is it I'm asking
for 50 minutes of your time just you and
me so I can explain this idea and I hope
you're down because I already bought my
plane ticket so if you're not I'm gonna
be really lonely on Thursday in New York
if you are down just write a comment in
this youtube video that just says yes
and I'll figure out how to get in touch
a few up that video was made by a guy
named jack conte now I don't know Jack I
don't know who he is I've never met him
as far as I know I've never seen the guy
before and before I could gather from
that video he wants something from me
but that video was just so so good
that I got to meet the guy how good was
it well it was so good that the video
itself went viral it was so good that he
recruited people all over the internet
to petition me just to go meet him it
was so good so good that the man right
now is outside my office door holy crap
oh my oh my god I wish everybody could
see what it looks like in here this is
Jack what's up Jack woody what do you
want what do I want what do you want
that is so important that you made a
video that's that good to get my
attention well ultimately what I want is
I want creative people to be valued what
they're actually valued at I want I want
there to be a zero gap between what a
creative person is worth and the money
that they are given by the world
that's the noble mission yes I want all
creators to be able to make a living
doing what they love which is I assume
creating
so how do you realize that well just a
pitch for patreon no I don't want to
pitch me okay okay
Jack is the CEO of a company called
patreon patreon patreon patreon is a
site if you don't know we're like let me
know if this is the fare carry it to it
yeah patreon is a site where you can
like make your own account and then if
people like you and they like your
YouTube channel they can subscribe to
you on patreon and support you by that
good yeah they give you much like it's
like a you get a membership platform
wait I I don't like to I can't why don't
you find my pitch but not like this do
you want to fill in the pitch can you
give it a brief yet it fits my audience
they're dying to know this video Jack
had 11,000 subscribers he uploaded this
video to his channel it went crazy viral
it did 600 700 thousand views you're up
to fifty nine hundred thousand views
nine hundred thousand views you know how
many subscribers you are now 50 thousand
and fifty thousand people are so curious
to hear what you wanted to share with me
I need to I have I'm a storyteller Casey
I have I built a whole story you're on
an elevator with my with my 9 million
subscribers you want them to believe in
what you're sharing pink bum you've got
14 floors go okay this is like Shark
Tank Casey
three six eight guys the potential to be
most badass media company in the world
the old-school style
amazing media companies I'm talking
about like the late the labels that
actually helped developed an artist help
them reach an audience help them make
money that's what three six eight can
actually do you're talking about helping
small creators three six eight can be a
platform for small creators like no
black record label in the world can
actually do you can actually help people
find and build an audience literally no
one in the world can do that three six
eight is positioned to be literally a
historical media company that can help
connect people with the world okay so
here's the patient go here's the pitch
this is I need to tell you my story I
need I need my deck
okay okay guys so far this is pretty
impressive stuff coming from Jack we're
gonna go ahead and hit pause so I can
read his deck now I'm gonna turn the
camera off turn the camera off attach in
the camera all right that was an hour of
the two of us talking I feel like
progress was made we made a lot of
progress
1 2 3 6 8 let's see 3 6 8 welcome to 3 6
8 oh my god
so this is the main space and obviously
we're gonna use this space for like
collabs and just like a party space in a
physical space up here there that's with
no no behind you that's where the office
is being built see them up there the
constructions almost done up there
progress is being made
dude it's so weird to actually be here
so you can imagine like this is where I
wanted to podcast and set up back here
out there I don't know but I feel like
downstairs is about post-production
clean organized and upstairs about like
horsing around and action you can see
the vision right baby's down you know
like the office is built the office is a
reality now and then we're gonna start
working on down here and then upstairs
and then and how long is it going to
take to actually get the facility up and
running weeks and months but not longer
than that this isn't a this isn't a
five-year plan this is like a couple
month to it glad somebody else
appreciates this phase as much as I do
so I think while the good news is I
don't know it's not that we have a deal
or don't have a deal
but what Jack came here to present is
wildly exciting and I could see it I do
see it I want it to be a big part of
three six eight future so what do you
think I think I'm pretty excited right
now appreciate you thank you sir this is
very exciting this is all about the
future of 368 and what we could do
together and I'm spinning I gotta go on
tomorrow's episode of three six eight
