the thing I love about New York is you
never know who you're gonna run into I'm
out here and I just met this vlogger
what's your name
and he's got a super cool rig Daniel
tell me about your vlogging rig
can stop saying he came from
Pass tiny dice with Caesar shop do me a
favor I want you to export this clip and
save it and then this summer when it's
hot and sunny and I'm thinking about the
weather play this clip back for me I'm
so sick of this cold wet gross it's
April we're springtime
I always look forward to summer like
really look forward to summer but this
winter hey guys this winter this year is
them particularly bad heavy pounding ice
at the intense winter store wind gusts
have been 30 miles per hour you're
already here yeah gonna go downstairs in
a second there any special guests on
today's episode I'm so she's here
because she's an athlete and I'm gonna
take her to 3 6 8 and see like what
sporting stuff she could do or what
ideas she has 4 3 6 8 for what we should
be doing for like for like athletic
stuff in sports stuff in you have kissed
am I still gonna be in the video yeah
yeah yeah we'll figure okay this is like
a fluid thing Dan you know like we're
gonna in time okay right along make
sense okay was it do you know Rachel no
hey Rachel what's with you all of your
luggage it looks good I'm gonna use that
bit where you're fixing your hair okay
great this is Rachel
rachel is a youtuber in a former
Division one basketball player can can
you play it all no I did you some skills
I'm a terrible basketball a teacher to
spin on your finger or something yeah
jeez do you think a minute do you think
that if you were to play and play your
heart out against Dan and I at the same
time that you can beat us I've heard
that you're not the greatest there's
something we do you heard like people
talk except you go to Bowl basketball no
we need a basketball we do need about
that I'm already embarrassed but I feel
like under your guidance okay all I care
about is being better than Dan we can do
that easy you can get me there easy yeah
okay let me see I'll ride the bullet
you see the silver bit comes like you
see it no this thing is a nightmare and
the instructions are not in English it's
too late we're past that not all that
other stuff so I'm just returning then
this thing so I can like literally screw
this into the wall instead of dealing
with all that instead of dealing with
all of that plastic stuff I try to screw
this directly nice
good not just good it's good enough
sneak small particles
I don't
this is the first like moment of nice
weather we've had in this city since I
think Sunday since and Dan got here
Sunday night he's experienced nothing
but absolute crap garbage weather that's
what I was talking about at the
beginning of this episode so I feel like
I owe it to you Dan to get you out of
here for a minute and I'm gonna take you
to one of my favorite places in the
whole city because we haven't really
been outside all week I'm talking yeah
super fun hanging out with Rachel today
I've never been you know organized sport
while the folks what's up I love it i
watch you guys everything we can bro
ivory keep doing it ride safe I've never
been good at organized sports baseball
basketball football and never get at
them so I've always are you doing I've
always really impressed when someone is
that good at a sport like that
speaking of that good at a sport like
that this is Dan's first time on a
boosted board in New York City he okay
okay
that's the ghostbusters firehouse
what do you think of living in New York
City
that's right have you had time to
process it yeah now it's the first time
like this is it dad usually there's like
kids out here smoking pots there are
kids out here smoking pot right now
right here I just poked another that's
indicative of how like secluded this is
no one comes out here dude look at those
clouds
look at this city
postmen
please drop in on
there are many places in this city where
you can be outside with a view like that
and still be alone
that's why it's special out here how
long did it take you to cook that dinner
Candace I started thinking about it at
noon so that's good I went to the
grocery store at 5:00 and then I had to
call Roy to pick me up because I
couldn't carry the bags home I was like
how far are you we've we've been
together for 10 years and we've been
married for four this is the first time
Candace has ever cooked yeah but you
know what I used to cook before we
started dating and then you're like
you're doing it wrong and took over the
kitchen I just gave up out of practice
that's it for three six eight today on
tomorrow's episode of three six eight
thank you
