so today was the day today Wednesday
April 4th 2018
was the day that I was going to release
my video announcing what I'm doing next
on this channel announcing like my new
daily vlog and all the exciting things
that I'm gonna be doing on YouTube in
the near future and then yesterday I was
out sitting with Dan my editing partner
and we're finalizing this this
announcement video we learned of what
happened yesterday in San Bruno at
YouTube headquarters we learned about
the shooting and it certainly affected
me in such a way that I couldn't have
couldn't boats the video the next day
that was about celebrating and fun and
all the things that I want to do here
without first acknowledging
acknowledging the events now I I love
you too
I have a deep profound respect
admiration and love for YouTube I credit
most of my career and the success that
I've found in life to YouTube and when
it's provided provided me with and I
know that when I say YouTube that most
of you think of YouTube the website
YouTube is a website but when I say
YouTube I'm thinking of the people the
people that I know at YouTube the people
that operate YouTube the people that
that make YouTube happen and when I see
on the news the helicopter footage of
YouTube headquarters in San Bruno I
don't see a generic building but I see a
building that I've been in I've been in
multiple times I see a building that
I've walked through the halls of I've
spoken in there I've shook hands and
hung out with and gone down there goofy
slide that takes you from one floor to
another I see a collection of human
beings of incredible human beings a
moment when there's a when there's an
event an atrocity like this a shooting
takes place and you see it on television
you see it in the abstract but seeing
YouTube on television yesterday was not
abstract for me and typically when
something like this happens we focus on
the people who are injured in the people
who are killed and fortunately as of
right now no one is no one is dead no
one is dead that is besides the the
monster that committed
sacked so I think I think what it must
be like not just for the people who are
injured but for the thousands of people
that work in that building what
yesterday must have been like for them
I'm I'm imagining you're sitting at your
desk you're doing your work you're fine
to finish what you need to finish to go
home and feel good about your day at the
job you hear a commotion
maybe you hear gunshots there was a
report yesterday that it wasn't the
gunshots that most people heard it was a
shaking they thought it was an
earthquake at first it wasn't an
earthquake it was the sounds of people
running of a lot of people running on
the floors above them so you get up and
you start running but you don't know
where you're running and you don't know
why you're running you don't know who
you're running from and then you hide
you find a place that you think is the
best place for you to hide you're hiding
with your peers you're hiding with your
co-workers you don't know what to do now
you hear what sounds like police in the
building and you you hope that it is
police in the building you're trained in
these situations you're we're taught in
these situations that when you hear a
knock and someone says it's all clear
you can come out - first call 9-1-1 to
make sure that is indeed a police
officer saying all clear and and not an
assailant and and that's what you do and
it is all clear and and then you're told
by that cop to march out of that room
maybe an office maybe your office but
March out of that room in your place of
work with your hands in the air in
single file and and not just out of that
room but down the hall but through your
entire place of work out the front door
down the sidewalk and I imagine your
their hearts are pounding they're
nervous you're there they're anxious
they don't know what has happened the
specifics of what's happened they don't
know if their friends are okay and and
and once everyone's safely evacuated
then everybody has to be patted down by
police officers to make sure you're not
armed but you don't have a weapon and
then finally you're you're clear the
police tell you you're all set you're
clear go over here walk down the
sidewalk whatever it is but you don't
have your things you just left this
office maybe you left your car keys you
don't know how to get home so you have
to what call call an uber or call a cab
and you're sharing a ride with somebody
and then finally you make it home you
sit down in your couch
you sigh a breath of relief and you have
to process this and I just cannot
imagine how traumatic that must have
been but then once you are in your home
in a place where you're you're
ostensibly safe then you have to start
to process what's going to happen
tomorrow and when you go back to work or
what are the new security measures and
more importantly when you go back to
work you're going back to what was
effectively at least at one point a
crime scene
and so I think about that I think about
all of that I think about what that must
be like for these people and certainly
not just the people that I know they're
not just the colleagues that I work with
because of what I do on YouTube but
everybody in that building it's those
people it's everybody in that building
that make this website happen that
enabled this it is because of their hard
work that connects all of us so I have
no call to action here I just wanted to
make this video to let everyone at
YouTube know that I'm thinking of them
and to say to my audience that I hope
you two are thinking of everyone at
YouTube who's having to deal with this
both directly and indirectly okay so I
will see you tomorrow for the launch of
or the announcement video of the launch
of you know the future of this channel
okay and if everyone at YouTube hang in
there I'm thinking of you we're all
thinking of you
