this is Dave Dave really likes maths
Dave likes all types of maths algebra
trigonometry long division but Dave was
most fascinated by square numbers cubic
numbers numbers ^ 5 & 6 & greater but
Dave's favorite power was white power
Dave was part of his local maths Club
for people with a shared interest the
maths club was called K cubed the K
cubed really likes geometry in fact they
loved to express this by wearing white
cone-shaped hats Dave used to be open to
trying other academic endeavors such as
discovering why we have to shove objects
into a hole in our face to prevent us
from dying or appreciating a badly
animated stop-motion film through
studying art but Dave didn't know many
people who studied science or made badly
animated stop-motion films everyone
around him was a maths person but Dave
would read the daily mail to reinforce
the fact that he was a male Daly and
Dave would watch the news and he would
find himself on forums and websites that
repeatedly constructed demonised
caricatures of people who made badly
animated stop-motion films they shaped
his preconceptions of art students
despite the fact that his town was
mainly comprised of mathematicians his
worldview had been shaped by the agendas
of those who fed him information Dave
thought at his very way of life was
under threat by the abstract concept of
creatively expressing yourself it was
this manufactured fear that drove Dave
to his militant defense of partial
derivatives and nothing you could say
would convince him that a prosperous
society requires a multitude of
disciplines and while this story doesn't
have a moral if it did it would be that
math students should probably stop
making fun of the arts but this is just
a badly animated
story about a miniature person so he can
all go back to wondering why they still
teach long division
when calculators exist
