hi everyone so as many of you know and
some of you will even remember I grew up
working in an independent bookshop it
was called the line in the unicorn
it was my first ever proper job after
babysitting in bits and pieces and I
worked there for about five or six years
it was such a formative place for me for
me talking about books going to buy
books there when I was very little and
just it was such a core part of our
community I think it was so so important
and we were devastated when it closed
down but thrilled when two of my friends
who I knew through working there who are
my managers opened up a new bookshop for
the alligator's mouth not too far from
the original lion and unicorn bookshop
location and I've always had this
extremely I guess you'd say sentimental
but core belief the independent
workshops are so importantly add
something different to a community the
other week was bookshop day here in the
UK it was last Saturday and when I was
looking at book shops that I hadn't
really been to before or daily been to
once and not looked around properly that
I wanted to introduce to people and that
I also just wanted to check out for
myself I noticed that they were all
along or roughly along one bus route so
I kind of plotted out this route along
the 393 and I thought I'd go and look at
some book shops last Saturday it was
also very rainy the first bookshop I
went to was the owl bookshop in Kentish
Town the left-hand side of the shop is
mostly the adult general fiction book
section and they have lovely long tables
full of brilliant recommendations lots
of books I'd heard about lots of books I
hadn't heard about the other side of the
shop there's a great kids area I saw in
the window there's storytime in case you
have a little brother or sister or a
child or something you look after or
someone you know who's looking for
somewhere to take their kids the story
time they have a storytime there and and
also just more nonfiction books at the
back one of the books I saw was out on
the table was the Patrick Melrose novels
and some of you will know that these
have been adapted to a series starring
Benedict Cumberbatch I want to read them
the 4s or the annotation because I might
kind of person so what better addition
to get for this massive block picket or
well they've just put them all together
I'm really excited to read them someone
offered to send them to me like last
year or something but it was at one of
these moments when I was so overwhelmed
by my TBR list I don't want to just kind
of like acquire loads and
different books that I wasn't going to
be able to read for ages so I'm going to
read these and watch the adaptation and
let me know if you'd like me to talk
about adaptations I didn't know what
what you want what you want to see what
do you want to see let me know in
comments like went artist the brain and
I got on the 393 and I got off at the
stop before hybrid quadrant this was
probably the first moment where I really
felt like it was autumn which I know is
an obvious thing to say especially for
someone who spent so much time online
when everyone's talking about the fact
that it's bloody autumn but if ever like
leaves falling everywhere and it was
always like very fancy orange brick type
houses everywhere and I was kind of
walking through and it was raining and I
was like oh yes this is the English
autumn like this is the kind of pinnacle
of that moment for me and I was walking
down to 8:00 at 84 I think the numbers
in kec4 which is a great little bookshop
it had such wonderful reviews online and
I also knew that I hadn't heard of it
before so I wanted to go check it out
and it had huge glass windows at the
front for one which even on this grisly
gray day that was full of rain let's so
much light in I did look at any pictures
of book shops when I was looking them
online and so when it describes itself
as like a cafe drink space as well as
the book space I kind of expected it to
be you know book shop cafe kind of
separated like that but actually it's
all woven in together and there are
tables throughout this quite small
bookshop and at the front where you pay
you can also get your coffee or your tea
for your drinks or whatever you want
this would be such a good place to write
and when I better about putting time
aside right and making that time in my
schedule I will go there and I sit there
and I write and I will feel wonderfully
right early I'm sure great new shelves
stacked with recommendations a huge
shelf for the back which had all sorts
of face out books with lots of staff
recommendations which my favorite things
to read and there were also ladders
which I really love like little step
ladders they both remind me of like
Beauty and the Beast the Disney
adaptation and of the 1959 I want to say
1954 1959 journey to the center of the
earth where there are few scenes on
ladders and maybe my fair lady useful so
even though I have like really limited
my book collection I promise I'll do
like a bookshelf tour somewhere down the
line maybe later this month I haven't
quite gotten away from that idea
of the library and the idea of having a
library with a stepladder and all of
that but that's the one I purchase my
mansion you know like that
that room will be there it might only
have a hundred books but it will be
there when I set out for that day I
didn't intend to buy a new book at every
place I went it kind of happened that
way or at most places also because I
knew that this day was coming out where
I was going to go to lots of independent
book shops so instead of buying them all
from one place I decided kind of in the
back of my head I was like I'll save
them for another time also like let's be
realistic about what you can reach in a
week you can't read all these books at
once save it for later
and see the ones that you are thinking
about still and get excited about still
and those will be the ones that you pick
up and sure enough out on their
wonderful table display in gate 84 was
the seven deaths of Evelyn Hardcastle I
had heard Stewart Tartan talking to Anna
Jaynes the wonderful and James his new
book pages and Co is out at the last
showcase and it was such a fascinating
conversation he talked about having read
a lot of Agatha Christie growing up and
I absolutely love I guess the Christie
give you a very short description it's a
murder mystery in which the person
trying to figure out the murder wakes up
in the body of a different person in the
house every single day and he's
repeating the same day over and over
again trying to make me work out what's
going on but there also other elements
to it it's wonderful so far I want to
talk about it more in another video I
have planned let's see if that ever
happens if not check it out let me know
what you think from Inc 884 things
started to get a little bit off the
rails so as I said I planned this
one-woman bookshop cruel roughly along
the route of the 393 bus I got back on
the three nine three bus highbreed
quadrant and it was going towards
Donington basically nearly at Stoke
Newington I was reading my book and
something I was thrown forward I was
sitting down thankfully I think everyone
on the bus was sitting down except maybe
one person who luckily was holding on
tight I was thrown forward because my
bus had collided with a car that was
coming out of a driveway bus crashed
really hard into this car everyone was
okay I had a sore neck and shoulder and
I kind of still do and this was a week
ago there was an old lady who fell into
the aisle and I think a lot of us will
heard like little bumps and bruises and
things like I have a bruise on my knee
from it but it
was really scary and the whole front of
the bus was like that was cracks in the
side of the car the bus crashed into
like was entered and all the windows are
smashed and I've never been in a car
accident a bus accident any kind of
traffic accident before so it was also
that additional measure of like oh this
is very new to me and this is terrifying
and I didn't know what to do I mean it
was lovely cuz everyone on the bus was
checking on each other and that was like
one of those moments when I was like I
really love people I really love
community I really love spontaneous
community in the way people can care for
each other and make sure everyone's okay
because like especially like there was
one of the moms of wonder you really
young kids who was really upset
obviously she was terrified we were
getting no instruction from the driver
or you know what we should do whether we
should wait whether we should go and
that was really like weirdly confusing
and upsetting kind of added to the
confusion of it eventually like we all
kind of got off the bus and left and
like washed down and it was at that
moment that my documentation became
fuzzy in that I did not do any I
wandered into a lot of the lovely little
shops they don't really ever go to in
Stoke Newington there's a church Street
bookshop that's really nice that I like
going to that but I was really like
shaken up and the way that the bus
crashed it basically crashed along one
of the other lanes so I knew that the
393 wasn't gonna come through there and
that the buses would be diverted so
instead also because I was upset my
umbrella was partly broken at this point
and it was raining really hard and I was
just kind of like I just needed well I'm
really stressed or upset I have to walk
that's my like Frances only solution to
the situation I walked from Stoke
Newington to kind of Clapton Hackney
area which is where the next bookshop I
went to was which is pages of Hackney
which I'd been to once and I don't think
I've ever been to the downstairs section
and downstairs they have all sorts of
second-hand books like lots of crime
fiction lots of like really lovely old
like penguin editions first editions of
books they have a little vinyl
collection and upstairs they have such
wonderful shelves like again it's not a
very big bookshop but the curation of
those shelves is so good and the staff
is so friendly the woman who was working
there and that day was the first person
other than the people on the bass who I
had spoken to because I'd like texted my
about the bus accident but they hadn't
actually spoken to anyone I kind of
blurted out everything that happened
after having a very short conversation
about book I just kind of like vented
all these feelings at her about this bus
crashing she was so sweet and lovely and
just the perfect person to talk to you
in that moment that I just really needed
someone I just needed someone's humanity
in that moment so I'm very grateful for
it also yes amazing book selection again
what are the chances when I go into
independent book shops I so often
remember the feeling of working at one
and the kind of dogged determination
with which I would face out all of my
absolute favorite books one now thinking
about it that I used to always turn out
was this very book Looking for Alaska by
John Green who I work with every single
day and was recommended to me when I was
14 years old at a book shop at the book
shop I ended up working at and this was
the not exactly this edition because
this was mine this edition of it was the
one that I would constantly he was like
a fixation turn out every single time I
was working those shelves so when I'm in
a book shop and I see lots of face out
books it makes me really happy and I'm
when I see a full table of selections it
makes me really happy and it's people
who have opinions about books it's
people who want to live inside books and
love them in the same way that I love
women yeah I just get very romantic
about them I get I feel the same at
libraries as well I'd like I just I've
just filled with this feeling of like
it's almost like love and support which
again sounds really cheesy and also
predictable but that's how I feel inside
workshops they're like my sacred space
at pages other than emotional support
I bought I'll go on which spoke about
sisterhood I didn't know anything else
about it
it was again out on the table and it's a
translated fiction a piece of translated
fiction and which I'm really excited to
read so I will loop back around on that
one too I didn't generally buy book
space and blurbs but part the reason why
I did buy this one is that Charlene tear
burbs she wrote quanti which I
absolutely love and I'm going to talk
about more in another video so I got
that at this point I was feeling quite
like emotionally warped to say the least
I detoured and went - hamat otamatone is
in East London in the borough Hackney
and it
where I lived with Kaylee and Sanne and
Marian the first place I lived in out of
University I have a lot of like strange
like I don't know if nostalgia might
work but there is some nostalgia there
too but that was the time that I was
working at taught my knots the circus
and I was extremely tired all the time
and just working really hard and I
actually never spent a lot of time in
hamat in itself and now it's I mean it
was getting gentrified dadan and our
very presence there was a mark of that
gentrification it's so changed now and
some good ways and some bad ways but
it's always strange to go back to those
places yeah I always think of that line
of you know sometimes you close your
eyes and see the place I used to live
when you were young and I think about
that with my childhood home and I think
about that with all of the places I've
been before to all the places I've lived
before so take this detour waited for
awhile for a different bus not on the
393 route in the rain to go to Broadway
Market product market it's a food market
predominantly but it's also down that
Market Street there were lots of
wonderful independent shops and there
are two different art book shops and I
went into both of them I didn't buy
anything and either of them but they're
both really really great there's one
small one as full of light and has also
a great little kind of political
activism book section and then there's
art words which is further down the
street kind of halfway down the street
it's very glossy if you've ever been to
not well I always interested when I'm
going in without words the kinds of
books that they choose there's a lot of
like cooking books and so on and when
I'm in that space where you kind of have
a theme on a bookshop or something I'm
spending the whole time like thinking
about books differently the final
bookshop I went to was why I'd never
been before which was the Broadway
bookshop and I fell in love it's so
beautiful it's that one like two and a
half floors you come in and then you go
down the stairs to the fiction section
and then further down stairs it's like a
little children's kind of like cubby
area almost with so many lovely
wonderful children's books there and I
walked around and just adored the
selection it's just so many books
everywhere again like not a huge
bookshop and that doesn't it doesn't
need to be big it doesn't need to have
every single book under the Sun for me
to feel like there's an abundance of
books and abundance of choice wonderful
recommendations
things I wouldn't necessarily have read
but also that kind of comforting feeling
of seeing so many favorites also that
I'd been so drenched and likes and itchy
and I was upset again and it was
wonderful it felt like I was sort of
submitting myself to the protection of
books there I bought kindred by Octavia
Butler I've got a video planned oh how
many times have I said that this video
that parable of the sower and parable of
the talent so I thought we'd add kindred
to that list and the other one or this
was amazing so I was walking around the
shop and just kind of met looking at all
the different shelves and it was a
little history section I've been trying
to read more history books but for a
part of a writing thing that I've been
working on I've been thinking a lot
about salt when I was in the history
section
I saw lying like flat on top because
there wasn't enough space on the shelves
salt a world history which was one of
the books that I found online but like
hadn't really looked for properly or
didn't really know where to start
looking for in sections that bookshops
hadn't remembered it to ask and it was
right there and it felt like it was
there waiting for me and it was one of
those things where I absolutely read far
too much into that moment but I knew
that I had to buy that as well so in my
last book shop of my book shop cruel 20
18 I went and bought two books like a
wild animal like the wild lady that I am
so bust her aside rain aside general
emotional turmoil aside it was a
wonderful way to spend a Saturday I am
so thrilled that I did it I hope you all
have had a lovely week and I will see
you again very soon quite soon who's to
know bye
