so every Sunday I go to brunch with my
friend Meredith and today it was
Valentine's Day so I dressed up a little
bit well it's interesting though to me
is not only how much money goes into
Valentine's Day as a commercial
enterprise but also into hating
Valentine's Day neither of these things
seem particularly noble to me as someone
basically such Valentine's Day a few
company such Valentine's Day into a term
because I made a Valentine's Day tweet
they responded with some Valentine's Day
sucks tough stuff and it's just like I
was like what like neither of these
things are cool like you're not making
me feel like your product is better just
because you're against Valentine's Day
is there's nothing less commercial about
that today this Valentine's Day I've
tried to focus a lot on loving my body
loving my friends I went to the gym I
went to brunch and just generally trying
to put a little more kindness out into
the world and trying to be a bit more
understanding today and using it as a
touchstone for that really but anyway
today I'm going to talk to you about
some books that I read in January let's
go I've read lots of books in January
while I was in London and I read almost
all of them on the train which was just
wonderful it really gave me a sense of a
specific time dedicated to reading that
I couldn't really do anything in US I
don't know why I felt like I couldn't do
anything else but I enjoyed having that
time for reading so it's going about
changing that place I've already noticed
a drop-off in the time I devote to
meeting and I think that is a large part
to do with the lack of public transport
time one of the first books I read in
January was sent to me by Faber and
Faber and that's rebel of the sans rebel
of the sans is that the story of a very
rebellious young woman who wants to do
everything in her power to get out of a
very abusive restrictive household in
which she has no power or control
whatsoever in which everything is
incredibly dangerous it's very rough
area it's very difficult place to live
and there's a sense of being traded of
being married off of being forced to
live in a way that is just not
commensurate with the person that she is
my knowledge of the Arabian Nights
stories is by no means at a high level
so I do not feel qualified to say
whether or not it's a plays into that
effectively or not there was that
feeling of magic of strange things
happening of desperate grasp of power of
betrayal and also the desert
itself as a character and fact I was
reading it I couldn't stop remembering
my English teachers telling me
constantly that the landscape the
location is itself a character in so so
many stories whether that's in novels or
in films or in plays or in anything he
asked me encounter but to me I don't
know it was tough because there's a
character in it who's a guy and he isn't
he isn't a typical love interest he
doesn't play that role in a typical way
but I was so excited to see this female
protagonists have such agency and and
being such a powerful stronghold of
herself that I was kind of disappointed
to have this other figure come in even
though he does have an important role
and makes a certain connection I think
it just came at a memory when I was like
oh my god so many guys is so frustrating
it always comes back to there being a
male presence that I I can't help but
wish a little bit and as much as I love
students seeing stories of women having
agency over their interest and not their
sexuality and all of that it's sometimes
I'm just like I just don't care about
the guys and I think that affected my
reading of it in a little way but you
know there's a huge marketing campaign
around it I've seen videos about it
already
so be interested to know what you think
if you do pick it up the cover is also
great really wonderful colors that's a
revisit in a book I love that I
mentioned on here before so I'm not
gonna go into too much detail about it
which is beautiful ruins by Jess Walter
it's a story of multiple narratives
multiple times multiple formats of
storytelling they're quite clearly
blends fiction and nonfiction it's
really beautiful it's partly set in the
hotel called Hotel adequate view which
is such a perfect name for hotel but
it's also set in Hollywood old and new
and it's a wonderful fusion of a story
but I felt like the time had come to
pass the book along and they ended up
giving it to my friend Emily I also read
one that I don't even know if it's out
yet but you might have seen some buzz
over Twitter about it and that was
called eligible by cactus and felt
eligible is essentially modern-day Jane
Austen fan fiction it's retelling of
Pride and Prejudice and it's fascinating
the extent to which you would consider
it a feminist novel or not but I
consider it a feminist novel I think
it's a great exploration of the ways in
which women's expectations clash with
their status and it pulls out a lot of
things from the original pride and pride
from the characters but it also plays
with them you know the character of Mary
has always been a really fascinating
character what out the shadows and I
think she's brought the shadows a little
bit even though she's not given that
much text time on the page there was one
character that I didn't love the way it
was handled but once you've all read the
book I'd be interested to hear your
thoughts on it because I think if you
read it you probably know who I mean but
it was something that I think was
included to make it current and to make
it relevant but wasn't included
appropriately and wasn't treated
appropriately for what it was that's a
really a bleak way of saying it that's
just kind of the way I felt about it
speaking of Emily symbols I loved
Pauline and Fran which I only picked up
because it was on offer at Foyle's when
my favorite independent book shops it's
a female friendship girl love intense
highly sexual story I think I would
recommend it to absolutely anyone who
loves like you're the worst or anything
like that it set it in that school it's
absolutely wonderful it's really funny
and it's also very true I think that
there's a kind of underlying sexuality
in female friendship or at least an
openness and female friendship that I
feel like authors are only starting to
really address in a way that resonates
if that makes sense like there's a
there's a charge there that I feel like
not that many authors have captured
until a lot of novels that I'm reading
recently and I'm like oh that makes
sense to me
for me one of the closest comparisons
would be to like the Rihanna article
them around a July did it's kind of like
that in a book but it's it's just
wonderful weird and it's not that long
and I I loved it I absolutely loved it I
read originals this is the proof cover
and this is the finished cover but I'm
gonna make a video about that I'm
particular later this week I loved it's
nonfiction it's all about thinking and
our approach to ideas and our bridge
radio generation and really the kind of
where we should place our value when it
comes to things we want to work on in
our approaches I think if you look at it
from afar it might seem like it's
telling people who's a genius and who's
not and it's not like that it's teaching
us how to approach situations and
suggesting places where we should spend
more time thinking about our approaches
to creativity and to the world in
general I really loved it so yeah more
on that later I remembered it the last
big book I want to talk about that I
read in January was rude by Emma
Donoghue I never read it before I've
seen after eyes
it was one that I'd never got around to
reading and then with the film coming
out I decided that I would read it and I
raced through it I literally read it in
one sitting because I couldn't stop
reading it I don't even know whether I
liked it that's I don't I don't even
know if I'm liking it or not is relevant
I just think that the story was crafted
so well and so bizarrely you are within
the world of a young boy who has only
ever known the confines of the room in
which he's imprisoned and doesn't see as
a prison see it sees it as a world sees
the rules of that room as a world and
it's absolutely fascinating I still
haven't seen the film I didn't see it
when it came out for us in Indianapolis
and then I missed it when we came out in
January was in the UK and it was like in
my last weeks I was just absolutely
bonkers and didn't have time to sit and
watch it and now I like I have access to
a DVD of it but I haven't been able to
watch it yet so I just kind of have this
feeling about it like I'm desperate to
see it because everything I've heard
about I loved brie Larson I think brie
Larson's amazing I have had only
wonderful things about Jacob Tremblay
Tremblay I don't know who taught me how
to pronounce it but I really heard
wonderful things about him so I really
want to see it but as a book it's a
deeply uncomfortable read it feels like
you're in the room with him and after a
while I don't know there's a sort of
disconnect you're looking at him in
terms of what we would understand a
normal boy and a normal childhood to be
but you're also experiencing it in his
terminus you're experiencing it in his
mother's terms there's an element of of
looking out at it in the same way that
like media coverage would look at it and
judge it and be judgmental of it but
there's this understanding that you have
from the empathy that the narrative
shares the empathy that that shows you
their world and that shows you what
their life is like it just gives you a
strange understanding but there's also a
slight repulsion as well which I think
it it balances very well with so as I
say it's almost irrelevant that I don't
know whether or not I like it but yeah
it's absolutely fascinating the red
battery light is flashing on my Kara
which is her
I've been talking for too long I will
see you tomorrow but let me know if
you've read any of these books and your
thoughts and comments and what you're
reading right now I'm reading the silent
women by Janet Malcolm I'm reading I
think it's a manual for cleaning women
or something like that
and I'm reading what's the other book
I'm reading I'm reading the mandibles as
well I'm loving all of those so I will
talk more about them in a next video
all right see you tomorrow bye
