so this is going to be a quick on
because i'm off to the cinema to see the
big short in a little bit and i was just
thinking a lot to say about choices
choices and adulthood and if you've
watched this channel for a little while
you know that i love fluidity i am
generally opposed to rigidity but i'm
open to arguments and I I find that my
20s I even know if I would catch guys it
as my 20s maybe it's my 20s maybe it's
my life off my dad passed away maybe
it's my life and a steady job maybe it's
my life as a highly privileged person
maybe it's maybe it's maybe is but in
this situation where I am I feel like I
am 70 so aware of the choices I have and
of those things as lots of nettle
choices rather than lots of extreme
ideological choices even though there is
something of ideology to it there are
always many more factors going into any
decision then you might once think I
think you're not about this in terms of
when I was learning about climate change
and global warming when I was younger
and not because I'm not saying that I
was naive necessarily I don't think that
that's fair i think it's quite mean even
to see hurt time for self that i was a
workable warming and i said oh i think
that people who fly all the time are
really selfish and i think that they're
probably really bad people not realizing
that a few years later that person would
be me like I'm about to achieve the top
tier status on my flying membership card
thing with my preferred a line of choice
because I fly so much I don't love that
choice there are many choices in my life
that I don't love and there are many
things that I want to change and will
try to change and and working on but I'm
working on it and progress making
progress is about change it's not about
flicking a switch from one to the other
it's about all of us making conscious
decisions and progressing forward even
the word progress it sounds positive but
it also sounds in motion you've never
reached there you know you're never
there there is always more to do and
there is always a lot that you're not
seeing and that you don't know and
people's voices that you aren't hearing
and situations that you aren't seeing
and
you don't understand and that for me has
very much combined with the state of
mind I'm in right now for a very long
time as an extremely judgmental person
I'm far less so now but I'm probably
still quite judgmental person on some
level in part because I judge myself on
so many things and I'm very hard on
myself in a lot of ways a lot of it it
comes back to walking a mile in their
shoes that you know to kill a
mockingbird say many situations like as
when i was a child i see someone whether
it's an actual person i know or
hypothetical i see them doing something
in they say i would never do that i
would never ever make the decision like
what are they thinking recognizing those
moments has allowed that to fall away a
lot and it has allowed that to you i
dunno does not be my outlook because i
have no idea i've realized even from the
example I gave before of the climate
change in flight situation I don't know
for certain that I wouldn't I don't know
for certain that I would do whatever it
is I'm condemning another person for
doing again this is not a new idea Glass
Houses throwing stones etc moving from
being someone who sinks in the extreme
in many ways society can bring you up to
thinking extremes whether that's in
school or in our treatment of one
another or in religion language in
extremes language functioning extreme a
huge part of me in getting to know
myself and getting more of a sense of my
capabilities and my strengths as a
person and what I want from my life as
well has been in recognizing that
judgment can be very poisonous sometimes
and that's more often than not the
actions that we are so quick to condemn
I just made up with loads of tiny little
choices and that's not to say that there
are no such thing as choices that we
should condemn on a scale for example
there are many many examples in world
history of choices people have made
worthy of condemnation if we treat those
choices as an easy extreme as an easy
decision that someone made to be evil or
behave in an evil way or that anything
about grasping power and wanting power
isn't itself simple then I think we're
not going to make any progress we're not
going to make any progress
in any direction because because we're
not opening ourselves up to the idea
that there is more than one viewpoint in
this world you know like there's seven
billion of us and all the people who've
existed before I don't know that's just
what I've been thinking about today what
about you see you tomorrow
Oh
