much more mainstream now in your child
and you look at your face in the mirror
and you think how is that face ever
going to be an adult face because you've
seen your parents pictures when they
were children you've seen in famous
people's pictures of when they were
children and you understand the
familiarity that you understand the root
there but you look at your face in the
mirror and you don't understand how
that's going to become an adult face I
remember feeling that so clearly and
must have been five or six or seven and
when I turned the camera on just now and
look back I was like oh man that's an
adult face I have an adult face now I
yeah I didn't know what made me think
about that something about today did
that for me but for some reason I had a
really emotional day yesterday I had a
great day but I felt really something I
felt like I was just sweating emotion
almost I went to a hot yoga butt cream
yoga for the first time in about a year
and it was wonderful
and I was already feeling emotional
before this wasn't yeah it wasn't
unprecedented but there we play this
song dream session which is a beautiful
song that I love hood learn it will go
by or let it go I remember exactly and
sometimes less but it's Bye Birdie and
roads and roads album wishes is
absolutely fantastic if you haven't
heard it you must must listen to it at
least like I love it I love it it just
it's one of these albums that say on a
day like this on a Sunday I can just
play it on repeat for hours and end and
listen to it and adore it
something about that just made me
realize how much tension I was holding
physically and emotionally like how much
I was holding in and how much my phone
needs been serving right now when I'm
trying to talk about the deep stuff you
know there's the level of just never
quite being able to look myself in the
eye when I look in the mirror I guess
and then somehow it all crossed paths
with everything else
Beyonce put up a fantastic new song
formation yesterday and there's so much
interesting stuff to say about that but
I
like I want to leave that most of all to
black girl voices ever going to it right
now because I could talk about every
year this but it's interesting to me how
effectively she created a song for black
girls and black women because there's
like in a racial language in there that
I went for a comfortable like sing-along
loudly - or in a reciting and in that
way this language thing has been used to
oppress people there's an ownership over
it and then agency over it that makes
adverbs like formation makes these
fantastic Keystone songs very clearly
gives them a kind of belonging to the
group of people for whom it was written
and it's a huge amazing wonderful song
for all and they're parts of them that I
do sing loudly and and without abandoned
but yeah I don't know it's such a to me
at such an artwork is the music video
was and it is amazing and I've watched
it so many times so that was that there
was Hanks wonderful video and Friday on
the brothers channel I was really
fascinated with something he said about
losing relatability for authenticity
attention there is that you kind of have
to prioritize one in a way like I think
it comes back to also work Jack said in
his follow-up video to his YouTube
discussion about the idea of like wired
people who are in their like mid to late
20s making video about schools for
example about the you know things they
hate at school
that's a relatability angle but is that
an authentic angle no and then there is
a certain element of how to prioritize
it but Hagrid was saying like his
authentic experiences are not about
businesses and making businesses and I I
certainly feel that sometimes I feel
like maybe don't feel it as much because
I have a different experience and
YouTube it was a tension that really
rang true for me and I think also it
explains a lot about why we're seeing
what we're seeing right now because many
people can't talk about their lives as
they are because their lives are firstly
vastly privileged but also skewed in a
different way and the emphasis for them
is on their relatable what else I love
here to say about a lot of it
next to no content I think that that's
very true but I do say I do think that
like the idea of YouTube as a pure
meritocracy I don't I don't know that I
agree with that that was never my
experience with each you even though I
feel like it was maybe more meritocratic
than it then it is now it's early stage
even was still about who you knew it was
still about people working at YouTube
who found your videos and kind of struck
up a friendship with you because that
was more of like a person-to-person you
to creator to actual people who worked
at YouTube there was more of a
connection there than on a broad scale
than was possible then as possible now
but I still felt like there was I
remember just thinking like oh you know
YouTube has its favorites oh my that
feeling was consistent from the early
days and now my experience with YouTube
and Google and its employees is much
different but in the earliest days
especially I remember thinking like oh
they've picked a video from this person
again and they always call this person
and this person their favorite and it
was kind of deflating the gender aspect
if it does come in especially as YouTube
grew a little bit it's true the dilution
of our attention maybe the ways in which
that attention is being diluted has
affected our interaction with the
website as we've seen in discussions
this week at least but then also like
all the time we have this conversations
all the time yeah also the extent to
which it has blended into traditional
production and traditional production
companies traditional production
experiences and maybe the sense that
what we're doing is its own awful maybe
that's like an impostor syndrome kind of
thing that's the first post-it note
second recently Fran Fran made amazing
video if we haven't watched friends
video yet you have to watch it it's in
the description bar below just a great
discussion some really great points
about YouTube and a kind of rallying cry
for smaller YouTube because I agree I
feel exactly the same in terms of like
how much I feel like bigger youtubers
are missing out by not involving
themselves and small YouTube communities
I would love to see bigger youtubers
advocating for small youtubers and
seeking them out and raising them up but
even more than that I would just
to hear about them watching small
YouTube and get the sense that they're
seeing some of these communities at work
and seeing the support at work part of
that is because me if they're not taking
the time or they didn't know it's there
but the other side of it is because
everyone's a business person now
everyone's immensely busy and just
trying to keep their head above water
and looking the next thing that maybe
we're not taking the time that we need
to take to sit on YouTube and wash
things and just gather things in the way
that we once were because I find that
myself I have to really like make time
to do it another doing it's one of my
absolute favorite things to do but I
have to say well right now I'm going to
sit down and I'm going to watch five
YouTube videos and then once I've sort
of made myself sit down watch it you
can't pull me away from how is an end
but it's um there's something about life
carrying on and running businesses the
sense that it's not future-proof the
sense that you have to look at the next
thing and keep going and keep going that
I think has almost taken some of the
biggest youtubers out of the community
in many ways or at least out of any
community other than their own musical
community and maybe that's the decision
that we should also be looking at like
how much is it that not necessarily of
people outside of their communities that
surrounds their readiness and their
friends videos but around the broader
YouTube created communities and like so
pretty much this very thing she said you
know community is far less limiting as
well and Fran again made some great
points about it yeah it structured be
YouTube as a mechanism featuring videos
that are bound to get thousands of used
anyway or like I always get I always
just get my videos features back or if
I'm watching this on a video it will be
sana will be recommended everywhere I
make me one or two creators otherwise I
just don't I didn't get it I don't
really I don't know whether that's my
viewing habits I always feel like I must
be doing something I'm like I must be
watching too many of my videos back when
they go up and that has massively
algorithm but I feel like there must be
I mean someone must be working on it as
well like people YouTube and Google are
idiots there are seven people who are
absolutely another platform who are
completely invested in different
communities genuinely I genuinely want
to convey that there are people who just
so deeply care about the interesting
things that are going on but as a
structure it hasn't it's not working in
those ways that it's showcasing
currently the things
most in my mind most interesting the
most exciting but maybe will it's
showcasing other things that make it
better for youtubers a financial
business platform but I think that you
know YouTube is probably very aware as
well that it needs to do more to
showcase things and engaging moments and
they kind of do that with the beacon
program on a different scale like does a
lot with small youtube but on a
different scale so I think they're aware
and I think that Susan Wojcicki is an
amazing CEO some excites where it goes
from here I think she's very pretty to
focus and so on but it's a big problem
but I agree that right now it's just not
it's just not doing anyone any favors in
terms of the structurally displaying
content and in terms of discovery next
post-it note that's a great month pomp
video today as well about YouTube I
don't know if it was up earlier today
but I watched it today and it's like a
minute and a half but it's a really
beautiful video and it gave me a new
metaphorical way into this problem and
energy says like you know the Internet
has always been full of crap but there
she says and everybody's completely
reckless but she says YouTube hides a
lot of it underwater but you can see
clownfish so you can see Turtles those
they're in there to me is just the
metaphor that is worth the most like I
don't know that music industry metaphors
have worked for me I don't need that
film industry metaphors that work for me
but seeing the seeing youtubers this
like vast under the sea ocean and
they're all these kind of dark monkey
farts of it that you don't know but you
have to delve into there's a physical
effort that goes into it that was my
last post in there the other thing I was
going to talk about today which I think
maybe like Stern is to a video tomorrow
but they are Theo and talk about today I
was thinking about after watching Hanks
video is the sense of vision I've become
more purposeful than ever before I don't
know at least and with an aim to be more
purposeful than ever before with what I
want to do in the next period of time
that I've been allotted
whatever that time may be because he
knows what how much time we all have if
you haven't watched my friends Haley's
video as well you must do that Haley's
just like one of the most report
my life I always learn so much from
hiring times while showing love to your
friends and kind of shout it from the
rooftops all of that like she is one of
the people who's taught me the most
about that but she made a beautiful
video as well and I don't know I just
feel I feel more purposeful but I also
feel so prone to being bogged down in
things like the inbox this kind of came
up when I made video with Sanne as well
like just that feeling of like if I
respond to these some of some emails
I will get my sings down for today and
when I came back from the UK and I sat
down at my desk in Indianapolis it's
like nobody did this thing where like 9
to 10 a.m. I'm gonna cut my own books
and 4 to 5 p.m. we're gonna look at my
inbox but in the interim time we're
gonna make plans and do this and do that
and do all these different work things I
have a really broad vision and just do
all these exciting important things but
of course it's so much easier said than
done so much easier said than done and
before you know you are caught up in all
these little problems that you can solve
and it feels really good to solve that
problem
it feels really easy to solve that
problem maybe that for me as a sort of
remnant of my secondary school days
where you've given all these problems to
solve and you are given the most praise
maybe or the most reward at least when
it comes to a levels and things like
that for solving the problems and for
presenting the solutions to the problems
but it doesn't prepare you for the fact
that you have to prioritize what
problems you're going to solve and you
have to sometimes put aside the problems
that feel like little accomplishments
like scratching an itch almost to focus
on the bigger picture that's something
that secondary school didn't really
teach me in universities it definitely
didn't teach me and I don't know where
that intersects but I feel like that
experience of something that maybe I've
shied away from talking about in part
because I mean you know I want to keep
parts of my life slightly separate I
would love to see more videos from
people about their work and how they
work and their approach to work life
yeah I think there is a lack of that on
YouTube we have always amazing business
people who don't necessarily talk about
their business like I loved I loved when
jacksgap started doing that series about
putting together a studio and putting
together the kind of work I see
it's of it especially what I know a bit
more about people's circumstances and
what what they're doing with their lives
it's kind of interesting to see them put
their lives together as business people
by what I want to see more of it I want
to see more business people we need you
I want to see more people identifying as
business people if there's an instinct
not only to put ourselves down and in
terms of oh I'm not really a business
person I don't really have a business
but also it's for other people down they
need to talk like that such big business
people but they're like just you know
youtubers not only that we're honest
about where your ship is and where it
isn't and where we can improve and why
we need to do more work but also about
the work that we do and the quality of
effort we put in i feel like this
conversation just went from A to B to Y
and then back to M and so on but I don't
know this has been something that's just
from what I've been thinking about today
but I was seeing tomorrow
