hi everyone so as of today I've been
making videos on YouTube for 10 years
that is nuts completely and utterly
bananas on every single possible level
so I was thinking a lot about how to
commemorate this big moment which is a
huge moment for me personally but also a
fun excuse to do and like an interesting
the massive creative broad scale video
and I then eventually felt so
overwhelmed with the pressure of trying
to make a cool video for my 10th
anniversary video that I went back to my
roots I went back to the origins of
YouTube I went back to the early days of
birthday collapse and this was a
phenomenon in the first few years of
YouTube in particular where when your
friend and YouTube had a birthday you'd
email round and message round all their
friends and other youtubers that you
knew and you'd asked them all to send in
the clip and then you'd make a happy
birthday video because it's me and I
love a dance I love celebration and I
don't want to be entirely about
massaging my own ego partly about it but
not entirely about that then I opened it
up with a question what's your favorite
song to dance party to dancing on my own
by robyn the r kelly classic ignition
remix 22 by taylor swift obviously i
predict a riot by kaiser chiefs birthday
by katy perry my favorite song to party
to is probably a Decepticon baile tigre
or this one's for you Rosie it's the
Duke Dumont remix of falling by haim
hotline bling by Drake because I like to
keep it low slow and in control Missy
Elliott lose control come on tuesday by
i love makanan featuring Drake I don't
know if that's how you pronounce it but
two points extra if it's a tuesday when
the party's going down I pick papa Luce
by stromae I don't know what he's saying
but I can feel the energy my big is no
catch by to cute thank you you know my
favorite song to party too is the song
inside my heart also Beyonce I love it
Icona pop are you gonna be my girl by
jet I am the best to anyone
it's Korean pop music I don't expect you
to understand we r who we r by ke$ha
freak like me by the sugar baby
basically anything by coldplay have you
enjoyed the ten years you've been on
YouTube it's all been leading to this hi
Rosie congratulations on ten years of
youtube so i decided since you started
this crazy journey in 2006 that i would
give you my favorite jam from that year
which is sexy back my favorite song to
party too is any decent Thomas the Tank
Engine theme tune remix the proclaimers
with a little hit called I'm gonna be
parentheses 500 miles this year by the
mountain goats it's like that bye Mariah
Carey for me it's one of e by Spice
Girls tell you what everybody wore what
I really well for into calamity Joe
Nevada my favorite party song is shake
it off by Taylor Swift party trash by
eleven hates kicks off pretty much every
celebratory playlist I make happy to
before serene mr. brightside by the
killers because dramatically lip
sticking songs while dancing is the only
way to party right so my favorite song
to party too sorry what do you mean
where you know i'll show you the feeling
never say never beauty in the bead did
it like your landa my personal answer is
mr. brightside by the killers and let me
know yours in the comments below i'm
having a party tomorrow night to
celebrate my 10 years on youtube so I'd
love any suggestions for the playlist
I've also we put together a playlist of
all the songs mentioned in this video in
the description bar below and lastly I
just want to say the most soppy
love-filled thank you for everything
that you guys have done with this
community with just your amazing
creative powerful and vicious inspiring
selves over the past 10 years it has
been an honor to make videos with among
and for you as well and I really look
forward to doing that for another decade
so thanks so much i'll see you tomorrow
bye
you
