Hey so here today not in my natural
habitat but in Lex's natural habitat
like did you prefer to be smart or happy
and wife happy I think my cell largely
if everyone was happy but not smart
the world's the world's doomed in like a
couple of years but we're always super
happy about it no ideal but like
everyone would love it whereas if you're
smart but not happy I didn't like to say
that I'm smart I think I'm small but I
do think that I think about things a lot
and I think that contributes to my own
happiness if you could choose one
superpower that support question what
super go to get and like that's too
personal if you marry fictional
character who would appear why quite
nice too fancy for from divergent okay
leave it I would never marry him he's
like
who is the love interest is it Levi in
Sango yeah I could probably marry Levi
I've seen the fiction is like written
fiction otherwise it would be like Josh
Lyman when he said receding hairline oh
you could not marry Josh Lyman so
annoying great he would think he was
better than you yeah and I think he's
better than him and then we just have a
great marriage of arguing about who's
better than Who
I have very functional relationships and
what's the last thing that you read that
you simply could not put down till you
finished
I read room I can't put down I don't
even know if I really liked it I just
had to know that yeah things I read
carry on which is the fanfiction that's
like Harry Potter but not pannacotta
from bangles it's a fanfiction of a book
that's like Harry Potter but isn't Harry
Potter from another book which sounds
confusing that kind of makes sense once
you've read a little bit which is panga
look at that colors abstract name
followed some damn good cover damn good
cover okay well my friends look what's
happy to show do you plan your day
around in order to see it live
no to see it live so it should I don't
watch any television live what
generation when was this year's Rick
meanwhile you may dismiss is written on
the carrier pigeons extracurricular
activities or sports did you participate
in when you were in high school I think
my parents liked me to have like a sport
in an instrument yeah
I sound like with devil it wasn't quite
like that they didn't say darling you're
what kind of sport and an
and it was across sky so it's fine I
don't know what the cross was properly
in turn I went to University of Exeter
nurse like what the are you guys to
across is really weird over the course
of like time I did like gymnastics and I
did singing and then I did tennis and I
did piano
and then I did guitar lessons I think I
kicked it running around it just running
briefly I didn't really enjoy it
these supports I don't like organized
stuff that makes me better as a person I
have to do it by myself but grudgingly
yeah I just did like recorder and then
my mother can I just I did finish with
her which fictional character do you
believe was the most like yourself
basically any character that just
intensely half anxiety and overthinks
things like the lead character in guns
no although I was reading family other
day just having a little cry like know
who is the lead character in the
boyfriend list Ruby Oliver I feel like I
intensely as much as a teenager
identified with her yeah she has panic
attacks and she has problems with
friends but they were like my entire
teenage experience in a book and it just
made me like oh god I've got it alone
I'm ready and I got it for make my 70th
birthday's though friendship and it did
lists before like this was super cool
like it did list and then also Princess
Diaries do this as well and no American
Girl the Antipolis yeah this afternoon
like you mean how my days when I go to
you but I didn't necessarily that she's
the most accurate maybe you don't get a
time in your life but not now yeah when
I said that maybe she would have become
you know yes but there aren't that many
characters that I read and think oh yeah
that's me all day I was view I was
reading beautiful ruins which is this
great book about her by just water
Hollywood in the past and the present
kind of grace back and forth and it
didn't really answer all these different
things that I can't really summarize
like that's really weird but great book
there's character called Claire and he
works in a production office and they
all make fun of her because Claire who
owns the weather for a long time and
reads all the scripts and the stuff
always says I don't love it and that's I
always say it's like I don't love it and
they said
as if love had anything to do with it I
know just read it know it's like that's
me that's you you're taking it to John
he said lolz
if your life isn't movie what actor
would play you I get told a lot I look
like actresses but that's because I
think you always just cling to those
little fleeting moments when you see
someone in a certain facial expression
with certain hair color or tango you're
that person yeah so when I had red hair
it used to be Emily Blunt because she
had red hair in Devil Wears Prada but
since then it hasn't been any blood
because obviously I don't look like I
believe on I just had red hair it
doesn't make sense but I'd love a film
about me where Kristen Stewart played me
or where Kristen Wiig played be
basically basically I want to be played
by Kristen I always think we're dead
Florence with Reshef say Buffy and like
an eternal blonde and I just want to be
here or like 90 Smith Oh sort of Kate
Winslet if you're watching after Johnny
oh my god the last question comes from
our friend Ariana and he says talk about
tattoos I have two tattoos one is on my
wrist one's on my ankle they're both
like nerdy fantasy tattoos but one of
them people often think is either like
Chinese or Japanese writing because it's
Tolkien's monogram so I always tell
people when they're like is your tattoo
in like Chinese I tell people it means
like spring roll oh it's sick abstracts
another so abstract I don't any tattoos
but I really so guys I thing was if I
still want to off to fight I was one
year and then 10 just like three years
because I'm you know I became more aware
of my mortality and okay so originally I
wanted a full finger of a lion on my
wrists on like on this wrist here but
just don't make it but now I think what
I want is the word lioness and my
handwriting but in that way that you
can't entirely tell what it says yeah so
I'm gonna think probably maybe get that
later this year but who knows I put off
so many times and I'm also getting a
liner Steve's tattoo this year cuz I
have you can only show it
like this okay so I have a stag on this
reading the report and I am doing the
robot and then on this wrist I'm gonna
get a lioness to like bounce out I said
I could have fun your animals out
because I was gonna get a lion a lion s
cuz at the Hat I that was my feeling
about getting a lioness I didn't want
people to think that it was like a
patriotic thing and it made me kind of
nervous about it for some reason like in
America being patriotic is fine in the
UK being patriotic means you're
basically a racist yes people it's way
to be proud to be British because the
British should dump terrible things
so when someone's like yes I'm so proud
to like but have you read any history
it's a different thing every lion
Malaysia three nines on the show got my
skin
it's temporary because if we join videos
like this then take your Texas channel
because I've used so much but not true
so true and probably except for the one
that we made together
Alexis channel is tyrannosaurs let's me
3x since you have a quick way to news
you attend law no no okay cool great
well have a nice day see goodbye
ah
you
