hi everyone hi I'm here today in silence
room you might recognize the familias
that she's adjusting my hair because the
factory it's pulling away from my face
Oh son I like to like do little
adjustments when we come together today
we're going to talk about how to get
back into reading after reading slump
yeah like when you just haven't been
really very much very sad because my
general conversation with people asked
me how do you make how do you read all
the time what do you do what where does
this time come from you have to make the
time but that's not really reflective of
the problems over of being in a reading
slump have you gonna go we're gonna go
real deep today yeah I have a happen and
reading slumps before it's just when
you're reading like a cup I always read
a couple of books at the same time but
you get to a point you're like I really
want to read mm-hm I could be watching
Netflix right now you know I think
that's a huge part of it when other
forms of media especially media you've
already seen before even easier to
consume no and like you kind of want to
be doing something sort of passively
whereas reading requires really active
and situation and I have a really hard
time getting away from technology like
if I'm reading I'm checking my phone
every five minutes and it's really it
takes a really good book for what I do
that where'd you generally read so I
would like to read more just in my room
but I don't this place yes I reminds
having my mind Palace filled with books
that I don't read I basically I will
read before bedtime I can read that long
to fall asleep I mostly read on public
transport that's something that I really
am I really missed since people to
Indiana's that I read on the TV this is
being here I've read so much on the
cheap we spent so much time just sitting
next to each other on buses and tubes no
she loves reading yeah I mean it's all
stew problems nicely reading secondly
you know you don't have to talk to your
friend it's an unspoken rule that when
we go out together but let you bring a
book we'll pull out of it yeah and so
yeah that's something if you have a
commute of some sort then I would say
that that's a really really great fairy
just have a book with you even if it's
like a little slim volume and there is
little room I find that I get into
reading songs when I feel really
stressed out or I feel very overwhelmed
because it's kind of like you freak
I lose I passing forget the reward I
feel when I'm reading and what reading
gives to me and because there is a it is
a two-way thing kind of to have to put a
look into a book and you get a lot back
and I find that with all creative
mediums really but I think that I notice
it most with reading because I'm not as
happy when I don't read as much I think
I get in a reading slump when I haven't
finished a book in a while mm-hmm
finishing of a book and like adding it
to Goodreads gives me a big boost to
start the next one and if it just hasn't
happened in a while I feel like I've
been stuck on the same book forever yeah
I don't know if you need to eat to eat
or anything but I use um videos as kind
of a way to chop that or a book that
I've loved when I haven't finished a
book that I've loved for a long time I
definitely yeah sometimes feel
disheartened by it and say sup a book
that I'm able to talk about I mean there
are books that I read that I don't like
that I do talk about from time to time
but I generally like talking about books
that I've loved I enjoy that process
much more even if I didn't love them
unconditionally even if there are
problems with it that I want to talk
about because it's just so much more
exciting to like share that so I think
there is an element of sharing that
really helps speaking of it and that he
was talking earlier before we turn the
camera on about the the things that you
read when you want to get out of the
slump yes
so my remedy for a reading slump is to
read graphic novels because the graphic
novel will give me that boost of like
I've started something I finished it and
I'm ready for the next story
it doesn't matter if it's then like a
600 page book graphic novels I like the
ultimate cure for me especially if I can
read them in one go or like little
novellas or something small that you can
just finish what's interesting about the
graphic novel is that that kind of
bridges the visual of Netflix with the
reading portion
unlike the following and close attention
that you need to kind of pay to it so
that's kind of I think it's a muscle in
some ways you have to like work yourself
back into it and for me I really like
listening to audiobooks I have to listen
to audiobooks get to sleep or podcasts
and I think that also calls into
questions of what counts as reading and
that definition I think is really up to
you but for me passing like a big part
of what I need to keep my reading muscle
growing is reading novels and reading
nonfiction
in print and physically because when I
read eBooks I find that I have sometimes
I don't pay it as close attention as I
do when I read in a physical book it
sees things see I I drift with physical
books Oh Ike I am like reading and like
I often read when I read on a phone or
something but not I read in the same way
that I read articles in that there is an
element of like scanning it and then I
have to go back and reread it because
that's how I read outline and to scan it
through and then I read it through
properly see for me when I read on the
phone is because it's only like a
paragraph or two I can take in a little
concentrated burst so I read it and then
I go to the next page and then I can
look around me if I need to on the tube
but if it's a book I need you're like
Finn I was reading on beauty on that on
the plane and I just kept like I really
have to like hold my finger there yeah
it'll read a bit and then I was like
okay here then I can't look around
because if I don't do that I have to
reread the page over and over again it's
a small burst yeah work really well for
me because then I'm like I've taken it
in I've definitely read that yeah next
page no I can pause for me I mean this
is telling you it's like ebooks and
physical books but for me the
physicality of the book and feeling like
how much of the book you have that and
that feeling I think grounds me in some
way that that discourages me really oh I
hate reading a book for such a long time
you're like Holly I still write this
much I still so much to go and I really
like the competitiveness of the
percentage counter on a new book or neck
yeah because you know feeling like
you've read a percent of a book feel so
much more productive than like it
doesn't look like I went any further
than I did
it's like grounding thing that takes you
away you can't do anything else while
you read text you can't I mean you can
listen to music maybe but your attention
has to be focused there and I feel like
when I read on my favorite something
there is even if I'm underground and I
didn't have the signal is still some
element of like there is an
interactivity to it anyway aside from
that okay so one thing I was also gonna
mention about when he said where you
want to eat and you want to reach in
your room and that is definitely
something that like depends on what your
home sets up is how well comfortable we
feel at home how comfortable you feel at
school your job or and breaks or
whatever new whatever it is
you can and and what to do and what kind
of environment you want to create for
yourself I think that one thing that's
really helpful for me of setting sort of
them tech boundaries and like tight
weather that it's a time of day when I
stop like being on tumblr Netflix
whatever yeah and start reading and for
one I think they say that you should at
least be away from screens for 30
minutes with you has never done that in
my life feeling like never ever I find
it's so helpful to actually help me even
if I read then when I'm done reading
I'll have to have like watch another
YouTube video like check it the one
thing I should do because basically when
I won't you read in my room I feel like
I'm sitting up for like a massage or
something and like lower the lights yeah
close on my window to my computer dad my
room has to be clean my bed has to be
made I find you feel distracted if no
yeah yeah it needs to be like I need to
be done with all other stuff I need to
like set up and this is my problem cuz
I'll sometimes I'll never get to a point
in the day where I can actually do that
distant but what I think I could be
doing cuz I usually play music for my
computer and so I'll have that screen
open and even if entering another
brightness it's still like right there
I'm going to start doing from now
because I have a little speaker now I am
gonna just attach that to my phone and
then just close my cup you like even
maybe just shut it down entirely and
just put that somewhere else shutting it
down big step for sana well I
that's an interesting to me that is like
kind of like a process to it because I
think for me the ritual comes in the
time a day like I make him world to
myself 30 minutes every single day I
will read something whether that's a
paper book nonfiction fiction poetry
whatever 30 minutes every single day and
I first I was like oh that's really
ambitious and I get back and I'm tired
so by there is always there always 30
minutes it doesn't even have to be 30
minutes it can be 15 minutes it can be I
will read one page of one book I find
goal-setting very helpful and you've
also done some Co settings I always do
the 50 bucks challenge or Jeff completed
about three times did you completes it
this year I did I do
only I had to do a couple of like short
stories and graphic milk yeah and that's
fine it doesn't like for me that doesn't
matter yeah we're like oh that's
cheating I'm like that was my own goal
yes and I wasn't really oh yeah and I
think I like the Goodreads does the
thing where it goes three books behind
you're like but then then I will
read some graphic novels to catch up and
I feel like I'm on track and I'm like
yes it's great I'm ahead and then I'll
I'll through more excited about reading
and I feel like might be slightly off
topic but what really gets me back into
reading as well is watching booktubers
videos like talking about the book even
if I don't own it just hearing people
talk about books yeah makes me really
excited even like especially a book haul
but you know a lot of people don't like
there's nothing more that gets removed
for reading than of a call
I love that and I love them all so
walking into book shops goings and
libraries I love reading interviews with
authors as well like that kind of stuff
the world around it I think for some
reason we just forget like how how
wonderful it is to read a book what a
great experience it can be um yeah I
don't know I think that there is
something about setting aside time for
it in your life whether that isn't on
like a day-by-day basis or like a
long-term yeah thing sort of making
commitment with yourself to reading with
it it's kind of it's quite easy to say I
want to read again lots in 2016 but what
what you actually do to make that happen
to your life because if it's not
happening right now that probably means
that there's something that you're you
might be choosing over it or that you
just can't find that time and accepting
that it's okay to just read a page a
week but you know it may be ideally more
than that then that is something that
you're saying I've achieved that and
that's okay I think that maybe it could
be a sign of you trying to do too much
and it's dressing out about it mm-hmm I
I think going back to the phone for me
it's so helpful that even if I'm in a
queue and even if you're being a
physical but but for me the phone works
really well cause it's right in my
pocket just knowing that no matter where
you're waiting whenever you have two or
three free minutes read a page yeah and
then it means you'll read so much more
than you think you're actually reading I
usually
a separate commute book and another book
so I've read my the ones I'm reading on
my phone is my commute book mm-hmm and
then the other one is like if I'm going
out and I'm gonna be a poet transfer for
a long time for something else then I'll
bring I'll bring my other books so you
generally need two books that time I
generally read like ten books yeah I
have a problem it's just because I'm
always in the mood for other stuff and
I'm like oh I want to read a bit of
nonfiction oh and I read a bit of like
why I like having a mix I like having
stuff on the go and I'll easily drop
them as well a lot of books I feel like
you can just drop in the middle and come
back and you're like it's fine I
remember enough yeah I feel like if
you've passed usually freeze if I've
passed the first eighty pages something
like that then I'm far enough in that I
won't restart yeah but if I've only read
20 I might might restart it yeah I mean
that's something that related to that in
the way I for a very very long time
until like the last year and a half
we'll say I would always finish a book
but more recently than that I have found
myself if I get 30 pages into something
and I don't like it so far
I would just like either put it aside
and give it away and know that that book
will be out there in the world should I
want to come back to it but I think that
for me because time functions in a
different way for me now and I don't I
don't feel like I can just you know use
up my time reading because even that I
don't necessarily enjoy and you don't
always have to read things that you love
it's important to also sometimes read I
think books that you don't enjoy and
think about them and all that stuff and
I think that that has really helped that
sense of enjoyment and kind of pushed
away that sense of discouragement um and
yeah I dunno I read a lot that once only
finance right now I always like to say
life's too short to reach shitty books
ya know if you're just not enjoying it
what's like who's unless you're reading
it for school look who's forgetting you
do but it's the school I'm a bad student
I'm sorry
a company if you didn't read your books
for school that's the fun part is it yes
is it really yes see I always want this
is the deadline thing I always wanted to
read the books after the lecture after
lecture I think I kind of so excited
about this now we've discussed it it
sounds really cool yeah baby wondering
what the deadline thing is sauna in the
video we made on her channel was talking
about some of the things
we we were talking about things we face
in the 20s and things that we you know
you deal with and deadlines is a big one
for sauna I'm bad with deadlines yeah
give it a deadline I don't want to do it
I put a link to that video description
also in a card or some sort so related
to that one of the things that we both
experienced is that we obviously studied
literature at school and we also work in
some way with it and so are often
reading as part of our jobs and I'm in
our free time so much reading I do my
job do you find that that discourages
you from reading as a hobby or and do
you always read for work in your free
time no I do a mix there's a lot of
books I work with am really excited
about then there's something that I sort
of have to read and I think as long as
there's no date attached to it I'm fine
it's literally the date thing that I
just can't do if it's like you have to
finish this before Monday I'm like I
can't I can't do it yeah but if I just
have to read it I will happily read it I
had it I had it real alone I found it
really overwhelming at university like
my job involves reading much less say
not much more capacity but when I was at
university I remember at least I'm I
said you're thinking when I'm done with
this degree I can read for pleasure no I
definitely I cheated my way to the whole
thing yeah I read so much other stuff I
was constantly rereading like my
childhood favorite yeah like that
because I felt like I was reading a lot
of things that were outside the syllabus
especially for meditation alone but it
was all I felt like everything because I
was so focused on finishing University
everything was I was drawing it all back
to work and there wasn't there wasn't an
easy way to separate it mmm whereas I
have felt that since leaving University
it's much easier I I had this with like
my piano lessons I never wanted to do I
never wanted to practice piano as much
as I did after I quit lessons yeah and I
feel like that might be the thing like
soon as you stop studying literature
you're like right I'm free now yeah be
patient with yourself be kind to
yourself and also you just talk to your
ends and whoever find people online who
are excited about birthing and talk
about books in a way that may really
sparks your curiosity it's hard when you
start seeing the books you have to read
for lectures as homework yeah I getting
the best way to almost look at it as not
as this is assigned reading and this is
fun reading it's like no
reading you enjoy reading and I know
some stuff can be like tough it's not
all like fun fiction yeah I don't know
if you know if you'd agree with this
because of your deadlines complex but I
would also say just go to a library and
look around and pick something out and
then read it before you have to give it
back just become your enemy and then you
stare down but if you're not wild thank
you for it oh you know you said here
this tractor do you read a graphic novel
whatever works for you so that about
wraps up we also recorded some videos
over Santa's channel which may or may
not be up right now I don't know do know
the time frame we didn't know anything
we're in the past the past is great it
is grizzly and rainy outside yeah it's
so dark also it never rains in London
that no just a terrible stereotype and
but now today what your tips are for
getting back at it was that what you
were editing no I was about to say we're
bad collaborators because we don't do
this thing where it's like Tuesday 5
o'clock both videos will be up on both
channels he has the time and I don't
think I'm too busy reading like in 3
months time that's something I feel like
Radley's up video out of there
yes leave tips and comments as well if
you have any other advice or if any of
our advice sounds stupid as well I just
let us know but let us know kindly with
fun of love compassion patience and so
on thanks very much for joining me Sanne
go subscribe to Sony's channel books and
quills if you haven't already and if you
haven't already where have you being
loves books all the books all the time
that many quills they're not love
quilting ok I will see you guys see bye
just lots of waving
you
Oh
