good morning so it's Christmas Eve today
I had a terrible night's sleep I
couldn't get sleep until about 3:15 in
the morning I just woke up a few I kept
telling my alarm off I just got up it's
like 9 a.m. 10 a.m. annoyingly I have to
go to Westfield today and the big
shopping center and it's just gonna be
horrible it's gonna be really really
horrible but so it goes so when you do
that and just get a few things that I
need again and just be a bit stressed
I've been trying to go in calm this
evening serene lovely and Emily's having
some people over and then I'm going off
to South as identity my family and me up
with my family there sorry just write it
down as do you find it all the time yes
so it should be really nice time but for
now I'm just like oh I'm so jet-lagged I
didn't think I would be as it's not like
it's more like an emotional gel and I
think like it's like sleep deprivation
this is what we're wearing today my hair
hasn't been brushed yet mmm but there's
my manicure from yesterday sparkling
away identity I want to take you with me
to Westfield because I would add to the
weight of my bag and it's already gonna
be a bit stressful
but I loved it you wanna come back deal
deal hey so I just returned from
Westfield which it wasn't too bad it was
busy and crazy and there were lots of
like very confused guys around me as
usual but I managed see someone who
watches these videos I got completely
I've meant to check the receipt to find
your name I can't find my receipt now
proper but you work oils and you have
ring lovely and your colleague was
lovely as well so thanks for saying
hello and start a YouTube channel as I
instructed 2016 is your year of the
YouTube channel so I returned from
Westfield feeling kind of overwhelmed
and I felt kind of overwhelmed the last
few days on several levels really
Christmas is overwhelming it's
overwhelming in like the saturation of
things but it's overwhelming in the deep
isolation you can feel even though
you're surrounded by other people I
think it heightens any feeling of that
that is latent in someone because there
is so much emphasized about togetherness
and you're supposed to feel that's great
unity and it's much harder I think
sometimes to feel that when you're older
and in a way it becomes quite easily I
think at least for forge
families growing up it feels quite easy
when you're younger but the moment you
just get a little bit older and it just
it's work it's real work and that's fine
it's just you've got to accept that it's
that and that you're not like failing at
being a human or something by not
feeling the sense of togetherness
naturally and exciting another thing
that's overwhelming is sure love siren
there thank you for the valuable work
that you do so another thing that's
overwhelming to me is the feeling of
like expectation and I think that that
for me is very much bound up in
returning home and obviously very
fortunate to have so many wonderful
friends and family and you know people
who are excited to see me but I feel
really overwhelmed by the need to like
keep everyone happy and then knowing
that I'm not as well you know knowing
that like you get messages and you're
just like oh like you you haven't seen
us yet where are you what are you doing
or like oh you saw this person and I'm
just like trying my best and I you know
I think anyone watching this will be
partaking that I'm still exhausted and I
can't sleep properly and I just feel
really I think no I just feel really
crap today for some reason it's also sad
day like it's a weird thing it's a weird
weird thing and I keep thinking about
that scene of like Harry and Hermione in
the graveyard and I just can't get out
of my head and it's just that scene is
so sad and so true and just yeah on so
many different levels it's a difficult
day for many people say I am gonna leave
some hot lines in the description just
because it can be a really tough day
especially for spending it by yourself
if you need someone to talk to you if
you feel like you're getting a bit
despairing or hopeless or anything and
there are wonderful people at the end of
the line of those of those phone calls
you're worthwhile to so many people and
you're you were loved by so many people
but you're also loved by me because
having you all in my community whether
you comment or don't or share or don't
like that it means the world to me it
really does like I there's no way to say
this without sounding like I'm ham
or something but it really it really
does them I'm tremendously grateful for
you that even in those moments of
isolation I feel like there is still
something that feels like a community
that doesn't have expectations of me in
that sense of like overwhelming me with
with expectations of me if that makes
any sense
so that's I've been thinking about today
and I think I've been thinking about
today's judgement because like I've been
listening to a lot the kid lets
Christmas songs were kids once christmas
is over I don't really listen to them
for the rest of the year that's the only
time I listen to them and that's why I
think I still love them all so much
because they are songs that I can attend
songs that I I listen to once a year a
big theme in or love and that I think
especially this year's song is that idea
of judgments so basically for all the
killers Christmas songs as a question of
what kind of person would father
Christmas be if he decides who's been
good and he's been bad and decides in a
very cold way and is that kind of like
judgmental figure in our lives that is
always watching us and you know with
especially with the elf on the shelf
if always being watched over and
everything that doesn't that isn't that
it's quite hot like that threat there's
just this expectation that you can
either you would ever call a kid bad
that you would ever decide someone was
unredeemable I just I I already think
that's right and I really liked that's
the thing that's been coming up not only
in the Christmas songs but also in his
Chicago mache Braniff last spoke before
his song dinging at the heart about how
his parents brought him up to feel to
think that there were good people and
bad people and something for cheered in
the audience and he was like no don't
you ever that people are good or bad or
we're redeemable or anything like that
and I think that thinking can really
stick with you and can really shape the
way in which you see the world and it's
not something that other people do it's
something that I do too i I see people
in those kinds of cold ways and I see
people in ways that I don't think as
hard about as I should it's been a year
for me of trying to be less judgmental
of people and trying to give people my
time time to to know them rather than
just to judge them first
and it's difficult at times like I
there's a couple people that I've been
like I'll give them another game I'll be
open to them and then they just do some
things that are so disappointing and
upsetting and just cruel and unhappy and
I'm just like I can still give them the
benefit of
down without necessarily having to have
them in my life it's a messy thing being
a person is my feeling and I know that
that's not the Christmas East message of
them all but I think it's the maybe the
cheers it's a messy thing being a person
but where possible if we can just take a
day to be messy together be kind to each
other in ourselves and forgive each
other on ourselves not in any dramatic
way but like in in small ways and some
pisses you off on Christmas Day which
never typically happens just be like
it's Christmas but I know that the
reality is therefore a lot of people
Christmas Day itself is difficult and
it's it's really tough whether that's
because you're by yourself and you're
struggling with things or Burkitt's food
is hard or because family is hard or
because there's an absence there that
you can't rationalize in any way it can
be difficult just know that I'm thinking
of you and I'm sending you all my love
and that I really really hope you can
have a very very Merry Christmas and I
will see you maybe tomorrow that may be
a bit later than that lots of love bye
but when did you learn that but some way
it's cool you've got this magical Bowl
we have a centerpiece have a
disappearing carrot
you
