there are lots of different ways to make
up in the answer but the way we made
them growing up all started with a
balloon if you blow the balloon you
tight and then you make some phobia
macho just flour and water you can add
water I generally start with a
one-to-one ratio and then add more and
more water take strips of newspaper and
you dip it in the papier-mache and I'm
like spread it off with your fingers and
then you apply it to the balloon surface
you need to do three coats overall
ideally drawing entirely in between this
might be where a hair dryer comes in
handy here's one I prepared earlier and
this is the first stage where the gleam
has been covered in newspaper with the
first day it doesn't have to be
perfectly perfectly smooth I mean it's
helpful if it is but it doesn't have to
be so I didn't get too precise about the
first player cuz that's really your base
you do want to go far up to the top
because when you eventually pop this and
get rid of the balloon inside you'll
find obviously it loses some resistance
at the top so you have to make sure that
you go around kind of as close as you
can to this little not here but I would
say the three layers is the true minimum
for this so let's get started with layer
number two so here it's some piping
matter that I also prepared earlier and
kept in the fridge if you're going to
keep it from the fridge for a little
longer then you need to put some salt in
it otherwise it's going to go mouldy
is on beat 1
hello it's about one a.m. on saturday
morning very very early afternoon
morning I should be in bed is way past
my bedtime but I've done two layers and
two layers pretty much dried entirely or
might be another to be future being up
there you can see like the places at
which I didn't believe her because
they're like they come off a little bit
i miss important we do one more layer
and i want to do that before you sleep
and this is pretty much dry i also gave
it some hair dryer action I have had
kind of a slow start to the day I was
staying in bed I was finishing the
editing on yesterday's video I was
trying to ten other things I with jason
white stuff I was doing some chill stuff
and I just it just stopped for a minute
and it was very nice but on the downside
I now have about five hours until I have
to set off for a dinner party and I'm
just unprepared and this isn't finished
but it's finished casing wise I'll show
you what to do next when i get back i'm
having a shower I just I feel a bit like
oh but today we're going to go to a
little independent shop in broad ripple
but then we'll get back and we'll do
stuff and it will all be amazing we're
going to get something done we're going
to be powerful because we are powerful I
don't know what's happening I'm just
saying with rotational speeches to
myself I kind of need Shia LaBeouf in
here right now to be like you could do
it so I'm just going to anticipate this
and pain is the color of my Christmas
trees an unofficial Christmas color and
just to give it that extra like smack at
this point it kind of looks like a super
cool who I believe or something and hey
we need to do them with enough lead time
the layer dry end zone and we jeez
emulsion paint white white emulsion and
that I think probably the best thing but
clinic is so I love critics just cuz
like plasticky joyous shiny read bright
colors they go on quickly it's like
wasting my
expand concept just like the fact that
leads to do where do doors in my room
and I like that idea I think overall by
making something just throwing out there
and making it bottled and just be doing
it without too much faffing around
really bad at faffing and when it comes
to my personal creative output don't I
don't like to faff good to do this
before a shower now I can get all the
random pink paint off me alright simply
look now leave it to dry tell us we've
gotta go there is much to do my plan is
to go to this little shop and then go
and get some stuff for these cocktails
that i'm going to make and then also
suffer the inside of a pinata and come
back finish the beanie out there and
finish a few other things do some work
stuff and then be ready to go it's all
gonna be fine it seemed completely under
control everything will be fine why did
I think so probably maybe
you
hello sigh had far too much fun at that
shop i'm going to show you what i got in
a little while I'm making some pasta in
the background now cuz I'm ravenous and
I'm gonna add the little cones and
everything else to this guy over here so
let's do that right now first though and
this is high stakes we put a possibly
that's inside it i'm just gonna feels
dry and then you're going to cut a small
circle in the top so you can see what
I'm doing I'm just cutting this circle
around it should it should be pretty
easy shouldn't be tues listing just make
sure it's kind of kept its integrity but
I'd listen anytime it kind of looks like
a bright pink Death Star and not exactly
the way I'm going for but I appreciate
it i think that's a good it's a good
sign in any case there are different
ways to do this i generally like to do
with britt state but i found the glued i
use here including the prytt stick style
stuff and also the craft glue just
doesn't stick in the way that i need it
to so you could also do it with a
stapler and and i am actually today just
doing it with clear tape so you get a
piece of card ok now for me all the time
i have to sort of feel it out and then
you've got a comb like this this is the
part where you could stay plate you
could tape it on the inside as well when
you cut also a line through make it like
a really really neat cone you could just
use clear tape which is what i'm going
to do just fitties and also because of
time but so then I take the cone on the
inside tape it down to secure it have a
good glue then you can glue it down here
if you have a good gun or something and
but I don't all i have is this massive
patente
which I'm going to embrace so then what
you want to do is on this one that I
made earlier you see how we've got you
want it to have little feet so that when
you put it on your knee out there you
can tape it down like this so that it
just comes out like that and you can
also tape it on the inside and that just
makes everything much more complicated
but if you have a glue gun than that's
much more simple but I've actually quite
like the little feet so you take a cone
do little snips pull along the bottom
very acceptable intervals but not up too
high i would say maybe a couple
centimeters at most half an inch third
of an inch but what you want are these
guys then you've got cut strips of
tissue paper and then twist them at the
top
Oh
Oh
you
you
so behind me you have a very London
resto shootin I guess you would call it
if you were on some sort of like
presenting was a good reality TV show
and I think the kind of make such a huge
difference it's really bright and fun it
just actually like the process of making
it again same as everything else the
process of making it was fun enough that
I stopped freaking out as much about
getting it perfect to make you perfect
bernau yeah I've really gotta dash go
get to supermarket get stuff come back
ah time is running out
you
