so it's my office holiday party tonight
and earlier today I was having the most
rotten day I can't even begin to
describe it it was just such a profound
level of grief that I was sort of taken
aback by yet it was spurred on by the
song white wine in the Sun shuffling my
Christmas playlist dangerous to all but
that song is beautiful and emotional and
difficult and complicated and every time
I listen to it properly listen to it not
just learn it shuffle past me but sit
and listen to it it reminds me of what
I've lost and also how many people are
going back to something sort of complete
even if they think that in many ways
that's broken or it's fallen apart or
there's a lack of connection there which
you know I want to say isn't true like
in many cases that is what's going on
but I think for a long time I thought
certain things about my life were so
broken until something actually broken
it and properly broke in a way that
couldn't be put back together couldn't
be restored couldn't use any of my
mother's tricks the restoration it just
broke and my adult life has been coming
to terms with those kind of sharp edges
to it not the seven years bad luck but
the thing itself broken on the floor and
every now and then finding a shard of it
and not really knowing what to do with
it
not having the tools to know what to do
with it or sitting with it for a moment
cleaning it for a moment and then it
goes away worrying that I'll forget that
mirror or the window or whatever it was
ever broke and that's where my head gets
stuck and that's where I think a lot of
us lack that communication about what it
is we've lost because so many people I
think a lot of people you hear these
cliches about learning people at
Christmas you hear you know people
talking about lonely adults at Christmas
especially old people about loss at
Christmas being heart but until you're
there and you're deciding how many
at the table for and oh god I just did
my makeup I can't choir enough but yeah
and when you're hearing other people
talk about what they're doing and and
the songs and the mythology around it as
well is to an extent even when it does
deal directly with that loss it's a
reminder it's always a sharp sharp
reminder and I find that extremely hard
to deal with hard to pass this time of
year especially because often my
reserves as they are right now are so
low because it's cold because it's dark
but also because in so many ways I still
follow the structure of the school year
and this is the time I've where I've
done that like final extra push before
the break and I've hung on in there and
then it sort of feels like everything is
about to collapse and me not to be
dramatic at all whatsoever so I think
the first part of like this ongoing
discussion about how you interact with
people who've lost someone and also how
you yourself deal with your own grief is
understanding that it it isn't like one
continuous thing necessarily but it's
finally lots of different parts of it
and refined in them over and over again
but every time experiencing it in a
slightly different way at least that's
been my experience of it and I think
that between people that's especially
true like no one and at least in my
experience no two people experience
group to say even if it's the same
person and almost especially if it's the
same person because you're trying to
connect with someone about it but their
relationship with this person has been
different from your relationship with it
so that common ground even if you find
moments of yeah yeah me too you don't
have that and that's one the most
frustrating and isolating things about
all of us being little brains trapped in
our own distant bodies is that our
experiences are very different even when
they're quite similar to and that for me
it's just the ongoing pain of it and
also I mean they have to say there is
something to feeling grief at this time
of year because it reminds me it not
reminds me I suppose and reassures me
that I haven't forgotten reassures me
that this
and all these people or whatever it was
was important to me but it's isolating
it's certainly isolating and it is so
hard to communicate it and even I think
when I do communicate it to people who I
love in my life there's not there's
nothing that they can say that will
actually take the pain away there's
nothing that they can say that will
properly comfort either because so often
it comes from a place of then not
knowing what to do it does that's not to
say it doesn't mean a lot it definitely
means a lot it means so much to me and
it means so much to anyone he reach out
to and say hey like I know that this is
a hard situation for you but it's still
it doesn't fix it and that's because the
only thing that fixes it is a time
machine and some kind of essential
change in one of the most guaranteed and
maybe the only guarantee in our lives so
that's what my head is that but on
another note I'm off to the office
Christmas party so that will be fun it's
been fun getting dressed up don't find
having an excuse to like focus on
something else think about something
else and a deadline I suppose just swim
up out of it a bit and I don't know find
a way through but I'm very hungry so
what do you know all right wait
