I kind of like this lighting because you
can see with a little bits of my hair
they're just completely popped out oops
hello so today's been a really busy day
very very very busy work day lots of
things Kramden then we went to see Star
Wars so you know not the end of the
world at all really fine stayed late at
the office and then came here and
prepared some Christmas things as tried
to pack and have been cleaning my flat
and trying to watch all the things that
I want to work for I go trying to listen
to all the podcasts that I need to catch
up with and trying to just do everything
and obviously not being able to you but
then getting very stressed and feeling
very anxious about it and just needing
to take it breathe there which is why
I'm talking to you lovely people things
are fine like it's not it's nothing is
bad everything is everything is going
fine it is warm in my flat now I tell
the heating for a bit and now I am
somewhat flushed like a Victorian lady
who has just been showing her ankles by
accident or something
so yes my exactly sauce has been a bit
high because I had caffeine today and
I've completely cut out coca-cola
products and like Pepsi products and all
of that stuff just because I was really
dependent on it I was partly dependent
on it in a way as a way to not I don't
even know how to say this but as a way
to not pay attention to how I was eating
as a way to it's very very tricky to
talk about the stuff without giving
people ideas but as a way as an example
of eating poorly it was related to that
for me and it was very much something
that was also habitual so for example
things like VidCon I would just have
like 15 cans or so maybe of like Diet
Pepsi
in one day because you were on this like
bus and you've got to keep going you've
got to get the energy high and they're
just everywhere so that's that's an
aspect of something that I recognized
immediately after VidCon this year and
I've recognized it before I try to cut
it out before but after week honestly I
was like Nerys
this is the time when we were actually
going to take this into account
regardless of whether or not aspartame
is or isn't dangerous for you and
regardless of whatever it is clearly
something that is related to an
unhealthy habit in my mind and it's not
just it's not necessarily entirely
unhealthy and not everything about that
habit is unhealthy not everything about
that is related to my mental well-being
and lack thereof at points but it is
just something that for me I could cut
out I did I've also found a massive
change by not having really any caffeine
now because that was the only thing I
was having with caffeine in it the tea
that I have is pretty much all hybl
doesn't have any caffeine in it I'm not
a coffee drinker and when I do like the
only thing that I do sometimes have is
the very occasional Frappuccino
peppermint mocha with soy milk from
Starbucks or something which I know is
like a difficult company and is not a
company that I would actively stand in
front of an hug I woke up and I felt
really sad and I felt very stressed my
just was in a really bad place and I got
to work and I was still just like having
it's kind of like this fog had settled
in front of me and I couldn't see
straight I couldn't think clearly so at
one point I just went out to get Starks
and I got a snack and I got a
Frappuccino
and it was great and enjoyable and
delicious but then slowly throughout the
day I felt that set in I felt that
anxiety sat in I felt the dishes for
sure but it was it's mainly Hispanic
it's the kind of raw panic in your chest
it's that knowing feeling in your tummy
it's the stomach Tomic because caffeine
is and I don't mean to say this in a way
that will trigger anyone but it's an
appetite suppressant you have to be very
careful even if you don't have a history
of any sort of eating disorder or
anything like that you have to be
careful when you have caffeine to eat
something there was a clear way to think
about this for me and I didn't know
whether you know the science is that
it's just been a way that has been
helpful for me and my movement towards
cutting out
coke and so on is to think of it as like
Feeny's telling my brain or wherever it
is that I am not hungry or that I don't
need to eat something
but my stomach still needs to eat
something because I'm a human and I need
energy and food gives me energy and then
I get confused and I make better choices
the rest of the day and not bad choices
I use all these words like unhealthy and
bad it's not those aren't the times I
thinking but those are the terms that
come quickest to the tongue but I make I
make choices that I maybe would not have
made had I fed myself and had I chosen
water or something as that in most cases
I am an advocate against cutting things
out in an extreme way and deciding that
something you eat or something you drink
is ruining your life or whatever I'm a
real advocate against that because I
think that that is where you get into
trouble however I will say that choosing
not to drink soft drinks overall
generally like sometimes I have the San
Pellegrino soft drinks sometimes I have
maybe a sentiment subject but overall
choosing not to after like two to three
weeks of an adjustment period and really
especially after two months has had the
most amazing effect on my anxiety and as
much as you've seen moments of many like
being anxious and being stressed and so
on it's nothing compared to what I was
before what I was before as I was just
constantly taking is very shallow
breaths and I still have that problem
from time to time and I remember
describing but I now realizes an anxiety
to my mom just that feeling that like
you can't quite breathe deep enough and
I have asthma as well I have very very
slight aspirin it's not a big problem at
all
thankfully in my life but it's that
feeling of like not quite being able to
get the breath in it's one of those
cases where I do think putting your name
on it does help because it makes it less
scary and overwhelming it's like oh this
is a problem there are ways to manage
this caffeine makes this worse so I'll
cut it out and you know all the related
aspects of that as well as I mentioned
making everything more complicated and
sometimes Messier if you struggle with
anxiety maybe try it and also don't
decide that if you've taken you know a
week or two old fizzy drinks or off
caffeine over all that you know exactly
what it feels like
to a vote because for me literally tip
like two months right for me to suddenly
feel like I have been feeling karma and
I have been feeling happier and I have
been feeling healthier when I exercise I
feel better and all this stuff like
things started to fall into place but in
many ways that might not be entirely
because I decided not to drink diet coke
anymore that also it could be because
I've chosen to take care of my health
and like found a great therapist here
found great balances and different
things of help different things have
certainly helped to but that is
definitely something that like today for
instance when I got this Frappuccino
that panic set in and I was very
familiar panic and it's not a panic that
only sets in when I have caffeine but
it's a panic that is one of the few
occasions it's one of the few occasions
where I can see a plus B equals C and C
being panic and a and B one of the me
frappuccinos and the other one being me
unexpected roaming I know that it's not
been that long really can't remember
whether or not I've mentioned this in
recent videos a lot of the things I
struggle with and a lot behaviors that I
am learning to move away from and choose
better behavior I learn from people who
were in recovery from that exact problem
and I kind of took that as a guidebook
for how to do Europeans is that I mean
like purposefully vague in a way but
yeah I mean if that makes sense so I'm
very scared this is what a my very very
very very worst fears is that things
that I say in an effort to be helpful
and say the things that I wish I'd heard
I really worry that it will be some kind
of guide book for someone I am so afraid
of that so that is a huge part that
reason wait don't go in tour detail the
other side of it is that there are a lot
of things that I do want to keep private
and personal but I mean above all it the
the lack of like nitty-gritty and the
times where I've become vague or because
I'm genuinely really afraid that one of
you or two of you have many other people
people that I've never even donated
you've never watched my videos before
and just find this on a whim like that
they use it as some kind of part and I
know that in some ways some people could
say that
maybe the fact that it was helpful to X
many people means that it isn't as big
of a deal if it hurts that one person
but it's hard to think in those terms
knowing that I am that one person like
I'm not being the only person but I am a
full-functioning
somewhat complex human being with all
these things going on and I am one
person and if it's two people and if
it's three people like so it just it
makes me a bit nervous I do my best to
answer and and talk about it but I just
hope you guys understand the moments
when I choose not to you and I know that
you do it because you're the most yeah
wonderful understanding people husband
today I actually already feel a lot like
a lot has come off my chest just from
talking to this little camera I think
about this earlier when I was doing
something you'll see in tomorrow's video
this is just kind of like talking to
myself which I do often anyway but just
happening to be recorded doing it and
but I think that the act of being about
to put it in front of someone and kind
of making it for other people makes it
something different immediately and that
kind of goes back to the ideas of the
gift and so on but it's definitely
functionally the equivalent and indeed
it is of me standing my flap talking to
myself which I'm fine with because I do
that anyway that is definitely something
I do living alone I've got to get back
to you packing and cleaning and cleaning
and packing I'm trying to get as much
work as I can
that is like still my inbox and so on
darling before I go so that I can really
enjoy as much time at least in the
run-up to Christmas and so on as
possible I just don't know how much is
it I'm gonna get done and that's not an
unreasonable amount it's just there's a
lot it's just stuff and I'm a bit
overwhelmed a bit overwhelmed but I'm
going to take care of myself and I will
see you all tomorrow alright bye I'm a
Gryffindor today as I am every day but
particularly today today I needed the
strength of the lion to be on my body
I'm tired man bye
