hello friends since you might be able to
tell by my attire it is freezing cold
and it is about an hour and a half until
we can cue inside Star Wars but until
then Sheridan and I I just we're just
waiting we're very excited and we've got
a good group coming and it's a clear
it's really him it's Thomas we have
about an hour and no 40 minutes to go
until we don't maybe until it begins but
we have 40 minutes ago until we get to
go inside and Mark is bringing us panera
so really everything isn't terrible is
just freezing and it's very exciting
this like a buzz the light is fading the
forces within our school and yeah things
are good written is wearing the
emergency blanket from the fire him
it is so warm there is still another 45
minutes or so until we go all right it's
very exciting i have no feeling in my
shoes right now but it's all good it's
all good we're gonna be that lip service
okay hello and we can have enjoyed meet
you back so no spoilers of any client
but it was absolutely fantastic i really
really enjoyed that film and i'm
actually gonna go back tomorrow I think
like you much immediately after we that
fruit or like so when are we seeing it
next from all the waiting and everything
my laptop which is like in very thick
laptop case with in my backpack got so
cold that it like kept shutting down
spontaneously for the first like okay I
was so after I got back to my flat and
it just it was like not it was too cold
I definitely started humanizing all of
my electronic objects immediately after
seeing that film say yes I'll make a
strictly star wars video another day but
for now I'm trying to do some of the
tasks that I keep putting off because i
just realized they keep putting them off
and yet i leave on monday so i can't put
them off forever I tempting as that is
and why I've been wrapping the presents
I keep finding all these bits of ribbon
and things that I've saved over the year
and so uni I just want to be like a
prairie girl it's my true calling there
is so much to do but I see Marion in
like two and a half days and I go home
in three which is bananas really was
waiting for Star Wars I couldn't help
but think about all the queueing I've
done for things that I adore the harry
potter for the killers for many
different things films and books music
and events and just that excitement that
anticipation that thing that would get
you out there in the worst possible
whether in freezing cold weather for
star wars in torrential rain for harry
potter and the deathly hallows in
torrential rain for any of the films
because all of the Leicester Square
has were met with just rain and rain and
rain I remember like it was inevitable
that whatever day it was it would be
raining heavily but it's just because
there's so much joy in the waiting and
as much as you're eager for that time to
come the first second whatever you're
waiting for begins you lose something in
a way I know that you lose it maybe
that's not the right word something's
changed chemically in the world and
there won't be another point in time
where you've never seen that film again
or never watch that episode or never
read that first word of that book you
can't say I haven't read that book yet
because you will have read it where you
would have begun it it's just it's funny
to me how when waiting to gain something
it can become a loss quite quickly
because you lose that almost potential
energy I think would be a really
non-scientific fo science understanding
of it but you do you lose a potential
energy at the same time you crave it and
you need it and you need it with every
five of your being and especially when
it turns out well it's so exciting
because you may have lost the
anticipation you may have lost the fever
but you got to have this thing is in the
world and it exists now you can enjoy it
even with music and things like that
it's you get to have something from that
experience something that I experience
has given me so I don't know it's a
double bind I'm going to listen to the
new episode of cereal while I do a few
things around here enjoy it and then
sleep while I'm gonna do some reading
for ously enjoy it read sleep wake up
edit do some work have some meetings go
see Star Wars again come back rinse
repeat it's a pretty wonderful life see
you tomorrow
you
