hello so it's what is it 517 p.m. 17 17
as we say the thing that's been on my
mind a lot today it's how we change our
behavior in accordance with vlogging I
was thinking about my friend Adrienne's
blog member I think I've mentioned it
before and here but for those of you who
haven't seen it you have to check about
a pen link to it in the description bar
below but yes have you even seen in
myself my behavior kind of changed and
I've had to be sort of thoughtful then
sort of prepared in ways for what I'm
going to talk about today or I'm
thinking about your commands or I'm
spending actually quite a lot of the day
that the hours of the day just think
about the videos that gone up the videos
that will go up and how does that affect
the way that we behave especially when
we're documenting a lot of our personal
life another video that I really loved
it sort of touched on this was in Greece
video but why she's not doing vlogmas
this year I might be wrong in saying
this they didn't punish me if not but as
far as i recall i thinkI rid was a
person who kind of came up with vogue
mess and started doing book was very
very early on and she was talking about
how for her it kind of affected her in a
personal way and it just isn't the right
fit for her anymore if I were having a
more social month like if I were in
London for this month I think that it
would change the dynamic of this a lot
and last I won't end of log most of the
Express plan of making videos rather
than necessarily vlogs because i think
if i had made blogs of my life in London
it it would be little before back and
I'm not saying that other people who do
it's a fullback I walked a lot of luck
miss videos some people do tremendously
I'm just saying for me it would become
something different I don't know why
that is a part of its maybe that for me
blogging is quite intimate blogging at
this time of year is quite intimate and
this whole experience has been quite
intimate because I've been reading all
your comments and I've been engaged in
this bigger conversation with you but
it's also that I have a job and I get up
and I go to work and come back and do
this and it's still fun and different
and interesting to me and I wonder
whether if my social life for my job if
they were blurring there I think it
would get kind of confusing and also
kind of draining in lots of ways unless
you do it correctly and there are many
people who have done it correctly and
also you've all and i think the youtube
community as a whole has been
tremendously understanding of you only
see 10 minutes of my day or you only see
20 minutes of my day it's not a master
of everyone going in with the expert
tation that you're sitting their entire
life at least not anymore i think that
there's been a bit of a better
conversation around that and you've
always been really understanding of that
expressly so but it is something i think
about still because at the end of the
day does go back to that identity thing
you are presenting yourself online
you're presenting something of your life
online presenting sort of 10 minutes of
yourself and that's a long time 10
minutes is a it's a you know it's a
sizable chunk of your day which is why I
appreciate you watching you've decided
to give me 10 minutes for your time and
it is my responsibility to do something
with it whether that's showing you just
my life and just being kind of like a
comfortable environment in which you can
spend time kind of in someone else's
life which is a lot of the time when I
watch things like Brooke most I saw put
it on in the background while I'm doing
other things and then there are people
who do different things with it like my
friend Marion who is so tired to do such
fantastic editor and she's essentially
making lots of little short films with
her blog posts and I just couldn't
recommend it enough it is absolutely
beautiful but yes for me in some ways it
does feel a bit like a school project
that we've all been given the same
project and then we're bringing them in
at the end of term and showing each
other and seeing the different ways
we've interpreted things like an essay
you get given the same question when
people come at it from completely
different angles and yes maybe there a
formula ways to do it but even when
people follow the formula they often
have something extra to add to it for me
I forgetting this sort of matter
critical mindset the other thing I'll
say is that it's been so enjoyable
vlogging every day and so as I said it
initially making myself make things
without worrying too much about it
without overthinking it just having the
idea and making it rather than having
the idea and not making it and then
talking six months down the line about
how much I wanted to make it but didn't
have the time just actually doing in the
moment it's been a great format to do it
and there is something and permissive
about this because you know i'm
uploading every day so I feel like
there's less of a burden to make it
tight in the way that I can never really
achieve anyway which is fine I never
really intended to but it's yeah I
didn't know there's something like
permission grunting about this format in
as much as I have a door doing it there
is a moment between finishing recording
for the day sitting down and having
maybe a 20 minute to an hour to
period in which I'm just thinking I
didn't record enough today I didn't say
anything good today I'm going to upload
a rubbish video and I'm not gonna have
any more ideas and it all just gets so
dramatic but then I sit down and I'm
able to revisit certain parts of my day
that I've forgotten about and certain
thought processes that I've forgotten
about and ways of phrasing things and
thinking things and things you've said
and things I've just come in and out my
Dane and that my life that for me is one
of the treasures of having 10 years of
my life almost almost 10 years of my
life parts of it 10 minutes of it
different presentations of it different
interpretations of the school project of
it on the internet because it's a time
machine so many of my friends are
through YouTube and they have around
that amount of time on YouTube too and
it's a time machine for them and it's
time machine for me and the thing I love
when I discovering new youtuber whether
they've been making videos for two
months or seven eight nine ten years is
having that sort of wealth rich
backstory it doesn't feel like oh I have
so much catch up one it's this is really
exciting because there are a lot of
these different moments available that I
can watch I can understand something
about some kind of growth through that I
don't know that it's necessarily linear
but there is growth there and there has
changed that and yeah it's exciting I
think it's kind of easy to think that
like YouTube's greatest days are gone
and I've been guilty of thinking that in
saying that sometimes but it's not it's
still bad even when the cameras look
away it's almost like we're able to put
more energy into the things we love and
have tighter communities within this
universe of YouTube now look mrs. made
me very excited by YouTube now the light
is just getting worse and worse because
the Sun is going down at 5pm but I'm
going to make some food and in the
process think more about all of this and
maybe I'll regroup with you in a little
bit so in the time since you and I last
spoke I managed to spill food all down
my shirt and had to change and also
caught up with a few friends from home
this is the perfect time that I often
speak to so many of my friends and
sometimes I do facetime audio because it
nice to like just focus on one person
but more for the knot I have like all
these different little chat windows open
and I catch up with everyone at once
trying to find out as much information
as I can well like it went to get to a
lover and when at 6pm hear that my start
feeling bad about keeping them up but I
was thinking and I know it's not
December 21st so this kind of emotion
might be a little bit premature but I
was thinking about how proudly I'm with
all of my friends and that's not
something that I say to them enough I
don't think like I I get very excited
about the things that they're doing but
I do genuinely feel really proud of
pretty much everyone I've come into
contact with this year 2015 has been a
really tough year for many of my friends
whether that's like personally
financially family issues mental health
issues all sorts of different things but
it's also been a fantastic year for them
creatively and career-wise they've all
just been incredible really have in
their personal achievements and as
friends and as individuals and as role
models for me and as people I can go to
for advice and as people that I can go
to with a ridiculous thing that's on the
internet that I am laughing myself silly
about I'm not even to mention the fact
that so many of them have been
absolutely fantastic since I moved
knowing that I was moving by myself and
like was feeling a bit you know iffy
about some points really excited but
also elected me know what I was getting
myself into they were very just kind and
generous and still have been and
checking in and I know just offering
that point of contact that that just
means a lot more so yes I'm really proud
of them I'm also incredibly grateful for
them different sort of frames of mind as
well I think that's something that has
really come through in 2015 that people
are sort of inhabiting these different
perspectives and then were regrouping
and showering them rather than
necessarily everyone being on the same
wavelength all the time it's not really
even about wavelength it just is yeah
different points of view and in a way
videos ooh fantastic be supportive and
healthy so yes I do you miss my friends
terribly but I am fortunate enough to
have
great friends here and great friends in
the US general and back home so can't
really complain about that the little
battery light is blinking so I'm going
to go but I will speak to you guys
tomorrow all right fine
