hello friends of the internet it is the
morning oh so morning that I'm just like
sounding like a dude you want to go to
the gym for a run and then I'm going to
get your brunch and then I have a work
dinner thing in the evening which I
obviously can't bring you guys to so I
will bring you to brunch and we'll see
what else you're up to in the day so
looking for correct branch attire
sometimes again with jeans sometimes to
go with the dress feeling like today as
a dress kind of days or go with another
band t-shirt because you know how much
it like those this is a very creased
Alice and Olivia dress that I got on
sale at Saks I work to the paper turns
premier when I was working that being
honest here it's not a super flattering
dress but it's so comfortable I just
don't give a I feel like this has
been a really good opportunity for us to
talk about our weird relationship to the
body sometimes for better sometimes
we're worth I've been wanting to talk
for a little while but like the love
your lines movement which kind of
celebrates stretch marks and whatever
else might be find it found in your body
because I have these stretch marks under
here from when I gained and lost and
gained or lost weight on my arm it's not
even really see them but you they go
from day to day sometimes horrifying me
and sometimes just thrilling me like I
love having them as such it kind of like
a like the print of a dinosaur skin in
some ways which I know should it be okay
thing by a traditional beauty standards
but I think it's cool I think I'll
bodies are so cool our bodies are like a
history of our existence of our
struggles and of our strengths and the
more I think of it like that the more I
grow to love my body it's exciting for
me it's very exciting growing up for me
so far has been creating this new
relationship with my body I thought I'd
be stuck in one place for a long time
that no matter how hard I tried or how
many different things I tried I would be
stuck in the situation of literally just
hating a huge part of myself all of my
physical self really and that's just not
been the case because for one I've been
able and privileged enough to have the
support system to take the steps that I
need but I've also just been granted
this new perspective on things which is
really wonderful it's yeah I do know I'm
proud of myself I state but time to eat
brunch
of course having made such a big
dramatic deal about how this dress
wasn't flattering it looks great
so this is from a friendship group
favorite a jewelry at me sauna Lex I
don't know if Marion probably Emily or
buy from because we love it okay gonna
be bit well especially with the tiny
christmas decoration please do this
again our they were definitely not right
they were at deletion brunch and we
worry about my greatest desire sunday
and on gender you have fun sweetie and
if it does pretty much it is definitely
Christmas car it's doable it's just
adding to my desire to buy a tree I
really do wanna fight you but I'm to
exempt city so I may have caved and
bought a tree trees beautiful though
what's a girl to do you know so I need
to go to you target anyway get some
stuff and I might get some myself some
Christmas lights to lie up my tree with
so I'm in target in the fun party
section where they have a little cool
ribbons and like plates and paper straws
and things to fund the fun part target
down the flea and ribbons for Christmas
presents
the situation today I changed
hilariously quickly like how soon did I
go from between yesterday and today I'm
don't need to buy a tree I'm living in
two weeks to I have a tree and now I've
just spent money on lights and a tree
stand thing
you
you
you
I don't have a very good sense of what
you can see and what you can tell what
you can't but what you might have been
able to tell but okay probably not and
is that I just I thought really
emotional during they actually liked an
extent that I feel very emotional right
now I love Christmas when I was young we
tried it were possible to mix up the
Mexican side in the English side and
like you know we'd have a very English
traditional Christmas dinner but even we
try and do things like the pinata and
they're not jelena there posada and the
night before even if it was just in like
a small silly way and you may miss well
still do that and there's another
generation now with with my sister's
kids and and yeah and we're had we're
excited about that stuff and we we do it
all but it's just I don't know sometimes
just like sometimes it's just really
obvious who isn't here and I don't mean
that in a sense of like my friends are
very not being here but like the fact
that I'm not doing this with my dad
sorry what is he knew this I have apple
cider I've gathered it's just very sad
sometimes it's very sad and grief is
what's the word no ambivalent not
ambiguous a pathetic not really doesn't
care when it comes doesn't care whether
you're feeling great doesn't care
whether you feeling terrible it just
visits and sometimes visits when you're
putting up your lovely Christmas tree
and the past four and a half years I
have found that journey from the US the
UK always incredibly difficult so there
might be some dread within me because of
that purely because I got on a plane to
the UK to the US my dad was alive I got
on a plane to the US in the UK and my
dad was dead so there is some like
magical thinking still at work there
there is something that it's maybe this
time it's like when you re watching
Titanic's like maybe this time jack will
be able to be on the door and be alive
and all those poor children and parents
and people on the Titanic won't die I
went like it's a little bit
I hate Christmas adverts Christmas
adverts are probably the devil no i
don't know i just find it difficult
which is why i feel very grateful that
you know i have things like the case of
songs be excited about these 10 songs
that I don't listen to at any other
point of the year that my new material
is being created that I you know we do
this thing where we bring foliage inside
that I like that is something that's
cool I like people getting together I
like things being social I like seeing
my nephew's getting really really
excited about Christmas now there's so
many different things to enjoy about it
there's so many different things to be
grateful for not least that I can feel
this way in a very supported privileged
fortunate environment with shelter very
nice shelter indeed and yeah you know
it's a and very very fortunate as much
as things can be very sad I'm going to
put some mixing description bar to some
organizations and some projects that
seems to really cool things around
holidays for people who needs a little
bit of extra help or who's you know who
a president can make a huge difference
to for their kids or for themselves or
so yeah the project for sinners on
Friday you can find out more information
at project for awesome calm and that's a
really fantastic and fun way to help out
with the humans of the world so I'm here
today because I've got to go to a work
dinner and about an animal and have few
things to do before that but again I
swear you cry to me sometimes I cry
sometimes I run sometimes I hide
sometimes I'm scared of you but all I
really want is for you to hold me tight
treat me right be with me day and night
but this song is creepy
