I'm filming this on my balcony before it
gets too cold to film but I got a
package today from my friend at least he
sent me Ricky here but for what the
sticker that said better late than never
and being at least being an absolute
legend she also but Tali to sign it
James been a better day today's been a
busy day I think a little bit having to
do with the weather being so beautiful
has helped certainly has helped that's
been really sunny and blue skies and
everything that's a weather update for
today Jessica I can't do it as much as I
would love to be debiting I'm not I'm
inferior by the way thank you so much
for your very very kind words about
yesterday you are all the most wonderful
people I I feel so lucky and so full of
love and Michelle said I hope today is
the best one for you sometimes when I
have a day like that I have a hangover
the next day residual bad feelings and
that's true dude wake up with that which
is why I've slowly throughout the day
checking in comments and reading you're
really really kind comments made me feel
so much better but it was also just
really helpful for kind of grounding
myself and reminding myself that it was
a temporary thing and it's a real thing
and it's fine and it is yeah it's
improving it comes back and forth it's a
waves situation it was going on here I'm
like a bat in reverse so I'm gonna be
given the Jessica James portion of this
video by saying that this is not gonna
be my last video my Jessica James it was
a fantastic series it was quite a small
story that was told as part of a much
bigger world I the end of my video
yesterday I linked to a JK Rowling
interview with Jeremy Paxman nothing
because yesterday I was watching loads
and loads of different interviews and
features and pieces and like the
hour-long dramas or whatever with JK
Rowling anyway so one day interviews I
think it's in the conversation she has
with Jenna right read she talks about
the logic of the world and has some
things I done for film but aren't done
for logical reasons like why would we do
this
why what is the motivation there other
than it would look cool on the screen
the world of Harry Potter is a very
illogical world despite the magic and
the world of Jessica Jones I would say
is incredibly similar it's particularly
effective
but it's summer such a small scale way
that her world feel small because she's
also very trapped by the trauma that
she's experienced and she's incredibly
isolated by it because obviously people
wouldn't believe her and she doesn't
really have the means with which to talk
about her experience this video is going
to talk a lot about abusive violence
against women that is what mine control
represents it has put into the
mainstream or at least into the current
stream a story about abuse within
relationships
it's fascinating on so many levels if I
had more time in this world I would make
a whole channel just to talk about
Jessica Jones and to pick apart every
single episode if I had time in this
world I would do a podcast with like an
ex or something
and you took my Jessica Jones all day
long so at the same time as I was
watching Jessica Jones I was also
reading this book by a main story called
scars of humanity understanding and
overcoming violence against women it's
really importantly but it's also an
incredibly difficult read it's
incredibly upsetting and the night that
I finished it I only slept for a couple
of hours because I I was just thinking
about all the information within this
book like cross-examination of violence
against women different all different
walks of life but especially poor women
and especially cases of FGM and things
like that anything while I was reading
that and watching Jessica Jones I
started putting together these little
post-it notes and as I say I love
Jessica James I need fantastic I think
it's important I think we should have 20
other shows of that caliber on the
screen it has it shows so many women
there are so many female characters on
that show and it says so much smoother
Jessica Jones ability is strength and
yet she is still able to be controlled
by killgrave so even though she is
physically incredibly strong that does
not affect his ability to abuse her and
I think that's such an important message
because there have been undercurrents of
weakness and why would you go back to
him and all of that sort of stuff
in the conversations surrounding
domestic violence over the years it's
crucial to have this representation of a
woman who is physically very strong but
cannot stop this very violating attack
by the way I'm willing to go too far
into plot spoilers
not your still finishing the series and
as I say this won't be the last video I
make but it yeah there are so many
moments where Jessica herself is
realizing the extent of his control over
her in the past and what that meant for
their relationship how she can regain
some power and control
so my first note is that it's an
exploration of control over women in
particular and how that control is
exercised over women of all stations and
all walks of life something that I
really noticed and I know has also been
picked up in the press and things like
that it's just how many women there are
there woman everywhere there are women
in law firms there are women in police
stations there are women absolutely
everywhere and they get so much dialogue
except it's not even so much it's just
like a reasonable amount of dialogue on
the other hand many dare I say most of
the women at the center of the story are
white women the two people who are most
keenly affected by killgrave in the
context of the story are Jessica James
and hope we're two middle-class white
english-speaking women my concern comes
in because connection leaders kind of
make sense and I obviously don't expect
every program to sort of solve every
problem but this is just something that
I was thinking of what I was watching
and this makes sense because he would be
seeking like a type and he's seeking
hope as some kind of replacement for
Jessica but I worry and that also came
from reading this at the same time is
that globally we can't only care about
violence against women when it is white
women experiencing that violence or
english-speaking women experiencing that
violence or wealthy women experiencing
that violence and there's no burglars
but no indication that globally we are
necessarily doing the best job of
approaching violence against women in
any case but in addition to violence we
see it as an issue of control if you see
as an issue of like superiority and
entitlement and all of those things that
you see in killgrave who I have to say a
David Tennant is such a fantastic job of
presenting as a villain who has a logic
of his own I think that representation
television and film that is really
important and I think it prepares us for
the way that we behave in the world and
many many ways more from the nutless
does go back a long way we have been
taught to only prioritize violence
against white women and that has
actually been a central part of like
durational discussion over the years
especially here in the u.s. started
hearing the Frau flower of protecting
the white women in the face of like the
other when children go missing as in the
case of hope for example in this program
who makes the news and whose whose
storylines are the ones that we follow
it's cases like Madeline McCann's that
do make the news and yet how do we see
and share the black woman's body or the
black girl's body in my experience and
to be fair I've only been here been
living here for six or seven months it
is in the violence experiencing violence
I just keep thinking about that video of
that poor girl in the classroom being
like completely chucked to the floor by
a police officer and again this is a
whole other video of conversation but
you want everyone to see it and you want
people to know about it but you're
sharing violence and you're sharing
something that I do think does
desensitize us to violence especially
violence against people of color
especially by educates women of color so
I see all of these videos or news sites
that autoplay violence against people of
color in a way that I just think
wouldn't be the case for violence
against white people it's a different
thing it's especially not white women I
think that that would be seen as
grotesque and horrible in a way that it
isn't for people of color because for
some reason they've already been
dismissed and that reason obviously
being entrenched racism and
socio-economic prejudice so yeah is
putting a certain kind of tragedy absent
kind of tragic violence at the center of
the story Jessica Jones this excellent
performance story pace dialogue and so
on but I feel like I would be failing
myself if I didn't consider it in the
context of how we see all violence
against all women in media and in the
context of who we choose to care about
and as we raising more awareness and
start having these conversations more
openly how we ensure we do that in a way
that is intersectional and inclusive so
that we can through narrative through
stories through fiction advance everyone
I would really like to hear your
thoughts on that and I could yeah I
could say so much more about this
cajones right now but I won't we will
make another video at some point about
that maybe when ivory watched it but I
think it's fantastic I would love to
hear your thoughts and comments but if
you can if you're putting any prop
squares or anything then please mark
them like spoilers spoilers spoilers or
something so that we can you know
protect the peeps who are still working
their way through or how to have chance
to see it yeah myself and my patient
notes are going to enjoy Friday and
cider right now um but yeah I will speak
to you all soon well I see you I mean
tomorrow all right fine
