hi I'm in I'm in downtown you about to
read my fortune
kind of say my sister gave me these
mother piece tarot cards you might have
seen the my Instagram kids i very jolly
thank you
so this is a deck a tarot card deck made
up of women in mythology mystery and
it's from the seven women from mythology
and the seventies and eighties so you
don't have like athena and also Janet
Jackson no and no this is a tarot card
deck from the 70s and 80s oh I'm like
the hippie feminist era from was it made
recently but it is from the seventh day
with terror you have lots of different
types of decks so each deck has a
different it has the same names of the
cards but the actual designs of them are
different it's definite you have like
you have a different that you have you
have like is done go to my channel where
you'll see a video all about horrid
Christmases so I've never done terror
before I don't actually know what it is
and I'm such a rookie and I feel like
they're gonna be people here who get
really cross with but basically my
sister is really into it and I even
though I don't like quite quite believe
in the Tarot
in any mystical way I find it really
useful way to work through problems
whether it's because I respond to you
things like that's ridiculous or
actually that's really helpful way of
thinking and it's I think it's more
about your reaction to something than it
is about anything that's intrinsic in
the card okay and and that's what I
found rehab for but for other people it
might be helpful to find something like
essential yeah I'm gonna be honest with
you I I didn't listen to a word those
too busy so trying to focus on new but
it's not a trick it's not Joe I know but
like just shuffling I'm so mesmerized by
it and I don't know why so yeah so
basically attire for me is a way of
working through problems
and you could read different things you
can do a big layout we can just small
layout we can do a big one I speak by
Bynum you please that's how I get
through my problems are you clean all
right I use charity cotton wine I use
the wine too okay okay so the first
thing okay so when you shuffle these
cards you have to think about a problem
that you won't answer in this reading
but oh my god you have to think about
like it's like a question think of a
question you answered for one that maybe
you'd be happy for the Internet know
about or if not that's also fine you
just tell me that you don't want them to
think that what what give me an example
of a good um so it can be like is the
next step I'm thinking of the right step
for my career let's do the older than
that okay where it can be whatever is my
2018 plan solid think about that way you
shuffle these guys yeah I it's hard to
talk around card thing I feel like in a
different life I guess a hippie or like
some I feel like were I born in medieval
times I would have been like a pave in
which all of this stuff about this into
your body and I feel like there's
something going on here no but it's hard
because obviously there are people can
believe in this really strongly and I
never want to I can see why people would
I am NOT I'm not cynic alright the other
thing is that I I don't know use a fun
heart so I've got literally feel say you
nervous yeah like I can feel I did this
with someone
oh it was really stressful she was
waiting on results at her dad and then
at one point she just stopped because
she was like I don't really want the
things God can I do die forget spit no
 it's for a video no it's for a
video yes we do alright you ready
the first two that we're doing are about
like where we are right now what you're
learning about so this one's gonna be
living room card yeah so that is the
seven of ones that's all it's very
important to keep it where you are I'm
sorry that's all right
it's step one don't read the
cards down there are these nice women
with their boobs out I've done what they
do dancing
around and and she's got stick by the
ball got sticks
I've seen those are the seven ones
mm-hmm this woman is shouting so ones is
about fire and passion and creative
spark like a loved one so who where we
are right now seven which means you're
defending a position explaining yourself
a diversity of opinions your experience
possible it has a diversity of range of
like the way you could look at something
and what we're going to find out through
this reading I'm trying to start the new
year I'm a plaintiff let's see what
happens this one is the atmosphere card
it's the death card it's just within two
cards sometimes it's right all right
okay the DEF CON says death is not an
ending but a transformation nothing in
the universe is ever destroyed think
simply change pool like the snake
shedding its skin
Phillie conscious and aware of itself a
person may be one state is being
simultaneously reborn into another since
the death of digested my previous
notions of my career rather than my own
death yes okay but also real back wow
that really didn't take long I thought
it was gonna be like just death this
card is what you're learning about this
month that will the lesson of the psyche
that's called a cross current card what
flying a font is he a fan here ofin
that's not this man is the Colossus of
Rhodes she seems to be good they're
praising him a somewhat depressing card
the Hierophant represents the priest the
pope and a bowing to the authorities of
organized religion cultural law he
demonstrates how custom in tradition can
control an individual's life energy the
Hierophant is law giver the internalized
schedule parent and the pervading
cultural morality the Torah the Bible
and the Koran what so you will only
about Authority okay
this month I'm wondering I'm quite well
I see I'm questioning whether or not
Google there whether I use u s--
algorithm is what's really gonna help me
right root so this is what you're
standing on this is like your
unconscious base for what you're
standing on that goes here the minor
boiling on ones again and there's
another naked lady she lies be naked
look at all this one good for her
what you're standing on a seaside like
passion lifeforce fire but in this case
it energy in reserves stored up for when
you decide to use it I have a base of
energy oh good for me Terry
all right five is what's his heart in
your way this is an event in the recent
past from yesterday to last week hanged
one not a kind of violence or
crucifixion the hanged one represents
voluntary submission of the ego to the
spiritual power of the heart it's
ancient form does the Hanged Artemis
Artemis Artemis yes maybe it's ancient
form does the Hank Artemis symbolizes
surrender to the female archetype of
receptivity and compassion the first
sexual shamanism and spiritual control
I'll be honest that's a lot of words you
just spent there and I didn't hear a
single one of them because I'm too
focused on this money ego submitting to
the heart where is it a lady those boobs
they need these oh it's the future you
right sorry I'm that's patriarchy so
you've had a in the last week you've had
a time with compassion listening stick
subscribe personality in head spirit
correction how you behave in the world
whoa oh you put the world car do you
think you might be its dissolute like
Jennifer Lawrence a chef Lauren's mother
nature yeah well universe is the dance
of energies Maya Shakti a movement of
praise creative forces in us and through
us the wildcard signifies that the
personality is no longer blinded and
confused by identification with what
it's not real true liberation of freedom
I felt within the individual and the
group did that make sense no okay so
it's very bright alright so personality
is nothing to do with what is and isn't
real right it's about the forces moving
through us and within us sure and that's
the environment that we're working in
right now fine
doo-doo-doo-doo so this is the near
future this is tomorrow next week this
is car number seven the two of ones more
one you loved ones okay
Wow Oh sweetie next week invention a
sense of personal power actual
attraction hey I was going on tinder no
I'm not but perhaps I'll meet someone
else we're just means I'm gonna get does
this mean I'm gonna have sex it's gonna
be super well there's gonna be a sense
of personal power and there's also gonna
be sexual attractions so I think but
then it's probably gonna be someone else
I mean maybe maybe us one out because
it's Harry reading maybe I'll do that
all right so here is the self-concept
how do you think or feel about yourself
whether in harmony or conflict with one
of the other guys the age of disks
you're on the path apprentice adept
having many skills cooperation cool is
that how you think of yourself I'm gonna
be on The Apprentice
do you feel that you're an apprentice
but you have many skills I feel like
I've got loads of skills but I haven't
figured out what to do with them yet do
you have good skills of cooperation yeah
so I think that's pretty accurate
Jerry's real hopes and fears and it's
usually both it's a reality as well as
the hope of real fear because it's a
major arcana and yeah it's a major arc
are they major arcana or the ones that
have when death is no longer feared body
and soul can integrate with when death
is no longer feared body and soul can
integrate with one another creating
balance and assent itself in the midst
of moving energies in this card water
and fire unite and ecstasy and
cautiousness dances in celebration of
itself I'm sure it does great I'm not
afraid of death and then I can be one so
you're super Harry basis good job sir
house this is an individual or group
whose energy you are doing to yourself
it's none of swords that's quite okay
Willy
so those swords are quite like that
sounds like I could that's my character
in game returns an idea a tendency to be
to mental detachment
I'm gonna get through this just like
that so I gotta get through this oh I
gotta get out come alright oh this is it
so alright if this isn't it this is a
major credit card like the ones with the
Roman numerals on yet it decides how the
reading will turn out it's not we keep
drawing until we get any joke on okay it
is a major arcanas right off the bat
Thanks
string sounds good we you had strength
the matriarchal mind that's none DOS
Jack Stein and ace the matriarchal mind
is often represented as the lady of the
beasts she who tames through sheer
spiritual force this is this is the
strength of the archetypal Savior and
Redeemer Tara of the Tibetans or the
Celtic predict queen of fairy she is the
mistress of spirits
Shaymin Sibyl prophet debts which and
mana figure so I think the conclusion is
that you are gonna crush it and
if you if you disagree with that tarot
reading put it in the comments below
what you think my 2018 hole answer the
question with how you've read this Tarot
also if you'd like more Tarot
from rosianna just put that in the
comments to say yes please more thank
you that's your comment thanks thanks
for joining me down we made welcome
about death the second card that we
pulled to today talking about death and
Christmas well it was also about festive
death other things kind of alright
thanks for that
bye
