hello it is December 3rd and I'm not you
guys I have woken up pretty depressed
and it happened sometimes it has been a
couple of hours and it took me as long
to get myself awake some days most days
I'm bound out of bed that sometimes are
just time it's just within it it's this
feeling that I can't describe that it's
just so horrible the worst feeling today
is gonna be like proper self care day
I'm working from home today I'm just
only gonna be nice to myself today
something that's really helped me is
having a post-it note with four things
on it and those four things for me make
a meal drink a glass of water have a
shower and go outside and those are four
things that if I do I feel like I have
some control over my day and even in the
moments that I'm thinking of that
post-it note is it is a distraction from
whatever else nonsense that I'm thinking
it puts me back in control of my
thoughts and it makes me feel like I
have some easy tasks to accomplish vlaka
mystery is exporting I am going to do
some emails then have a bath or a shower
and then eat and then do some work for
the duration of the day and then I think
if it's done so I don't break my mirror
and if it's still okay outside it's
actually quite beautiful day then I'm
going to walk to the record store and
finally because it's pay day
finally buy Adele's new album and
because they really want to get it or
Neely vinyl because that's just the kind
of girl I am but then I can show you the
record store as well and then maybe we
can go and buy a sermon groceries The
Fresh Market because that's what I do in
pay day I go buy records and buy food my
vegetables go off so quickly here it is
unbelievable for what's happening I'm
like broken seems like high so for once
it's not pitch black yeah oh my winter
is terrible I'm going to go and we're
going to walk to the record store
maybe I'll point out some other place
along the way and then once we've gone
to the record store go get some food
because Peleg means food I should
actually check if the record
door open to 9:00 p.m. perfect let's go
you can probably tell what I do that I'm
feeling a lot better it's just it's
quite easy now to know when I do meet
have a slightly more rested day because
before I would push through this and
then and just feel terrible and push
myself to a breaking point which still
happens from time to time as I think
you've seen recently where the hell did
I put my cue predictably there were in
my pocket all along so let's go so here
we are in the great outdoors it is a bit
cold but not as cold as it has been
that's your weather update for today and
I like this walk a lot it's really flat
like it's I can't even begin to describe
how flat Indiana is compared to
everything I know but it's just flat and
then it's more flat and it gives you a
really skewed sense of how far away I am
from something like I can see the road
that we're gonna go down to you but it's
gonna be like 20 minutes until we're
done so okay it's a strange thing
we're not in London anymore
I had like I had another feeling that I
get that I woke up with him that just so
happens it's time to tithe me it happens
are often in supermarkets
especially since moving to the US I feel
really overwhelmed by them in the sense
of just like different brands and all
the food likes it seems very scaring
sometimes actually like it I like it's
the unknown of it I think that's what it
is but it seems it seems very scary and
I just have to be like you just have to
buy this these carrots and then you just
have to buy there's comics and you just
have to buy these lentils that he just
had it becomes a very basic one at a
time sort of thing and that feeling is
an exclusive to supermarkets I love
shopping at farmer's markets there is a
winter market that I am going to go to
you but it's not exclusive to that
experience so it's not something that's
just sold by shopping elsewhere it's
just something that happens sometimes
and I have to work through it and that
is fine but that is the reality of it
and that's why I never there's a big
part of what I never feel comfortable
calling myself vegan or putting myself
in that category because for me
sometimes it is just too overwhelming to
even make myself eat something so in
that context I have to be very careful
about the choices I make around eating
something that I want to talk about the
don't entirely know how to is the idea
of light food evangelism and the way we
talk about how other people should be
eating and about diet in general because
there are so many different things that
I see other people saying to people
about the way they eat and about the way
they kind of generally conduct their
life that I think can be really
counterproductive if it's done in a way
that pretends that that's the only way
to improve the planet or make a
difference on the one hand it's hard
because certain choices you make can
have a
huge difference and that's a wonderful
thing and that's something that I think
is can feel really empowering but on the
other hand that's not the only way you
can make a change and there are so many
problems that it's quite naive to think
that just changing one of them I don't
know just changing one of them signifies
whether or not someone is intrinsically
a bad or good person I think that there
are so many binary is at play when we
use evangelical language about these
sorts of things that it's quite
disturbing to me actually sometimes it
is quite disturbing because I'm not
buying cocaine and buying meat but even
if I were that wouldn't that's not a
value judgment on me as a person and I
think we've come to a point where we're
making very extreme value judgments on
each other as people
this person's problematic the idea that
we can in any of us be untainted by the
problems of the world we live in a
problematic world and of course we are
all going to be problematic in some way
shape or form it's not about that it's
about where we go from that and none of
us are going to be in a state of like
non-programmatic nurse we just have to
make the choices that for us are the
right choices it is one of those days
that just knocks you over and you're
getting I'm getting back up I am getting
back up but it's just hard sometimes and
this has been very useful to have today
because it's been a useful tool to
explain what this feels like even though
I can't really even though it can't
completely convey what it feels like
it's present and it's real and it's good
to talk about it now I'm going to listen
to a dowel so now I'm gonna eat some
sushi but it's not gonna be great sushi
but it's gonna be sushi and I'm gonna
listen to Adele and everything it's
gonna be amazing
quick ad√®le thoughts who need to go off
please
whoa did you see that but Adele thoughts
predictably adorn the album my favorite
songs are I texted them to someone water
under the bridge
send my love to your new lover when we
were young million years ago there's my
favorites I also love hello of course
but yes what are your favorites I just
keep doing magical things that was a
really magical ice pick the light switch
and light turned on but it is magical
Wow I'm so bad at the world okay I'm
still in a daze can you tell
