good morning and welcome to December it
is 715 in the morning I'm about to go
for a run at the gym like this and yeah
but first I need to brush my teeth
because nothing irritates me more than
brushing my teeth brushing my teeth then
doing exercise when ah too bright when
my mouth tastes like a sock and this is
ready to work out almost when I put my
shoes on I have retired from the gym I
have so sweaty something very tragic
happened like five seconds into my
workout in that my headphones snapped I
have moved you onto the tripod why I
make my oats to save my poor triceps
from the pain of lifting up the 60d so
december the first which is for me today
is personally the first day in which you
allowed to start celebrating the
holidays in any way shape or form i'm so
glad that you all acquiesce to my will
so effectively especially the inflatable
duck than I thought earlier this week
with a Christmas hat on it that's partly
for me because of the structure of
Christmas growing up I grew up in a
Roman Catholic household you have the
first Sunday of Advent first December as
when we would go and get our tree and
I've been thinking this year like do I
want to get a treat like a little tree
before I go or is there no point because
I leave on the 21st I do not like the
sense of the feeling that having a piece
of foliage inside adds to your life
especially around Christmas time
especially when you live by yourself
it's quite nice to have we shall see
i'll get some lights but not before the
thursday which is payday and say yeah I
don't know oh no but for now we eat my
oats because that's just the kind of
wild party girl I am
so one thing I always do understand the
first is listen to my favorite Christmas
songs my absolute favorite Christmas
song of all time is by the killers and
pinnacle time and if by the killers and
song called boots so the killer's do a
Christmas song every single year to the
tectum they've done it and might be the
last year that they do it but their new
song dirt sledding is fantastic and it
ties up like the Santa trilogy wait it's
too hard to rubber boot socks on at the
same time and sober and they were on
kimmel tonight I think to perform it so
really excited about that I never watch
late-night television because I'm always
like lying down reading in bed by that
time to other things on I love are
Christmas lights by Coldplay and white
widening the Sun by Tim Minchin they're
just fantastic Christmas songs and all
three have the tendency to make me cry a
little bit as well my makeup routine is
so basic I use the gorgeous moisturizer
from lush which I'm running out and I
use this liquid powder foundation from
our glass which is cruelty free which is
excellent it's called immaculate amazing
it in shell because I'm putting a shell
around my face but it feels like powder
when it comes on it's just it's amazing
and then this today I'm using glamorous
another lush lipstick also cruelty-free
so all quality fruit around I just I
don't do too much to it I don't even use
people yell at me because I don't use a
sponge or anything I wore a brush I just
wash my hands and put up my face and I'm
very fortunate I have skin privilege as
I've been taught to cook told to call it
I have pretty clear scanned I've always
had really clear skin and it's always
been pretty half being good to me so I
realized that that is a blessing and
everything yeah I just don't use a
sponge that's that was a really boring
story didn't really you don't really
need the whole thing but there you go
the other thing I need to do it before i
go to work is upload my book miss video
from yesterday so not to break the full
fall or anything that is what i'm doing
right now it is about 8 30 p.m. i just
got back from the greens where I ate a
lot of chinese food it was actually a
delicious
I haven't tried this place before and it
was mmm today was a busy day and he saw
basically none of it but I want to talk
a little bit about you doing like Who I
am because I don't feel like I talk
about myself nothing this channel no I
just want to look a little bit about
that idea of identity especially in the
context of brands because I feel like
there was a point at which people
started being called brands and people
really pushed back against it and now
it's completely different in its people
are being called Brad's and talking
about their brands in a way that is kind
of joking but is also not and that's
fine it's just a different approach to
it and but reconciling myself with that
and finding my place within that world
has been something that I've been
thinking about a lot but let's go over
here so I can sit down I thought I like
to write and now I'm realizing that I
actually looks like slightly hilariously
obscenely ridiculously tired so that is
the good thing about vlogmas it is
forcing me to reflect upon myself and my
exhaustion and so I received a comment
on Instagram the other day and it's not
something that I was I don't know that I
was bothered by it it has had me
thinking a lot the comment was basically
my youtube self and my Instagram self
are two very different people we
construct these identities of ourselves
and we are given in lots of ways
templates from what this life should
look like especially on different
platforms and what success looks like on
different platforms we also have so many
different facets to ourself and our
existence here I tend to be quite
serious and I tend to I don't know talk
about books a lot and talk about things
from quite an academic perspective and
to talk about things from a very
personal perspective on Instagram I tend
to post pictures of myself when I'm
about to running and I post pictures of
my food and I post pictures of my
friends and I post a lot of pictures
because I'm incredibly snap happy and
always have been it's it's the broad
range of experiences but it is i think
reflective of a broad range of different
aspects to each person's personality and
using the contrast between the different
modes of expression is I think a quite
flawed barometer for whether someone is
being genuine on youtube or line in
general whether
faking it whether they're happy whether
they're sad I just don't know that that
is necessarily a way in which we can
measure that but I understand wanting to
measure that because we have been
brought up with advertising thrown at us
in every single direction and we have
had to have an approach to it we've had
to develop ways to spot when someone is
being inauthentic when someone is trying
to sell you something with someone is
trying to sell you a lifestyle that is
not necessarily commensurate with their
own ideals let alone yours so completely
understand that approach because I do it
too and I haven't even had to become a
teenager in this era of like monetize
YouTube I think that that has changed a
lot and monetized output and creative
output that has changed a great deal my
relationship with advertising was quite
easy to other it was quite easy to put
in a book over there even when I saw
like Britney Spears and sketches it was
over there I would I was able to put a
distance because I saw it as an advert
and I recognized it as an adverb but it
was still giving me something and what
I've been thinking about a lot is how
when we become the advert and lots of
ways and it isn't separated and you
don't have that delineation and you
can't often especially outside of the UK
now you can't often tell what's an
advert and what's not how does that
affect our ability to actually see
clears moments of genuine connection
because are we always because are we
always looking for the trick are we
always looking for the point of which
we're being deceived and how much is
that different as well like how much is
that something that's new or is it just
something that's scaled in a different
way we have access to more people now we
have access to more people's expressions
like how how does that how does that
change us how does that change your
identity these aren't rhetorical
questions I really want to hear your
hooks in it because it is something that
I've just been a bit fixated on
especially over the last few days and
we're looking for consistency are we
looking for flat are we looking for
something that is reliable is that what
we're seeking because that could make
sense as well I don't know from what
perspective but it could make sense that
we're looking for something like steady
and reliable and you know what to expect
but I don't know it was a fascinating
comment for me because it just
it did make me think a great deal about
how I'm presenting myself which is not
actually something that I think of maybe
as often as as you might think
especially not in the context of like
branding or anything like that in
addition to going to therapy this is
therapy this is a mode of expression
this is something that I need to do and
I need to feel like I'm making something
whether that's through this land whether
that's writing with us through my work
whether that's what ever thats through
what does that say about identity and
what does that say about what we are
looking for and seeking and drawn to in
people's identities so that's what I've
been thinking about today it is now 851
p.m. i am going to edit and then i'm
going to watch Kimmel because the colors
are in Google so exciting so in the
description why you will find a playlist
of my favorite recent Christmas songs
between the parts like 25 years or so
and I would love it if you guys could
share your favorite songs as well they
don't really know what branding has to
do with the first day of permissive
Christmas celebrations but i'm pretty
sure has something to do with it pretty
sure all right I will see you tomorrow
