hello so today I watched a son our nails
videos for the first time and it will
have videos about leaving social media
and her thoughts on social media and the
destructive impact of social media
generally for many reasons her videos
circled back to conversations that I'm
really interested in namely the effect
that sponsorships and advertising has on
what we create but before I get into
everything I would like to say that
there is nothing wrong with turning on
full social media if that's what's up to
you or just connecting from certain
types of social media if that's what's
helpful to you there's nothing wrong
with doing that especially if you feel
like it's going to be incredibly helpful
to your mental and physical health but
for various reasons it's not an option
that appeals to me because for me it's
not quite as click cut as what has been
presented I don't even really know where
to begin
and one of her videos of Senna says I
don't agree with social media as it
currently is views likes and followers
and the idea that numbers on the screen
dictate success and that they dictate
value that's something that I've been
pushing back against for quite a while
in the sense of when we talk about why
aren't women successful on YouTube or
why aren't seven so successful in
YouTube I think it has a lot to do with
the way we measure success and in my
eyes it is often small communities much
much smaller even than mine that are the
most successful because they are able to
maintain a really engaged and deep
dialogue a really interesting
conversation and it's a bit more of an
exchange rather than a one direction not
one direction rather than how can I say
this without referencing the band rather
than a one-way how to think about my
head creation delivery and not that that
is in itself a bad thing necessarily but
there are some things that say
personally I value and I think has to do
a lot with what an individual values but
then with something like YouTube and
especially when it's your career certain
things are algorithmically valued and
valued by the website and when adverts
get involved they are valued by
advertisers I have a really conflicted
relationship with ads on the one hand we
don't have patronage in the way that we
used to we don't have rich people
providing us with things in the way that
we used to we have websites in companies
there provide us with the opportunities
to find and build and connect our
communities and to do interesting fun
things in
sort of public-facing way if you're
supporting yourself through YouTube in
any way shape or form whether that's
entirely or slightly there are several
different models and to me in my mind
the ones that stand out are the ad
supported models or the subscriber
driven models and the ad supported
models are like when on YouTube you
allow ads to pop in your videos or you
have ads on your blog spot but they can
also go into things like sponsorships
and in video placements and all of that
sort of murky world on the other hand
you have subscriber driven models and
with about something more direct like
patreon or something slightly more
removed like YouTube bread it is a model
that is we're seeing more and more of
right because people are getting I think
a bit tired of ads people are feeling a
bit oversaturated but they want to find
a way to often support the person who's
making something or in some cases it's
closed off unless they provide that paid
subscription right like it's like The
Times website you know you used to be
able to go on The Times up early UK and
see whatever The Times was writing and
now you can't now you have to have a
paintball and there's a there's a level
of like exclusion that goes in with that
that I could just talk about all day but
might have to say for another video you
might be watching this and thinking why
does it will come back to money and
that's a really valid question and when
I started YouTube it wasn't even an
option to make money that was just not
part of the equation there's no out
cents the years made videos and you put
them up on the internet you just made
videos and put them up on the internet
and that was really cool and Vimeo has
the same kind of structure and that's
exactly where Sena has gone however I
would always say as much as it's really
tempting to be like ah capitalism ruins
everything
and as much value as there may be in the
idea that people fewer people maybe
maybe I don't know I don't even know how
you would begin to calculate this but
fewer people are joining YouTube or site
to make videos just because they want to
do that well them for making money I
would say that don't don't discount the
value of being able to make money from
doing something that you love that's not
to say you were entitled to it that's
not to say that you have an absolute
right to make money from doing something
that you love but it is a really cool
option it well it did offer a lot of
opportunities what happens though with
that often if that content is then
tailored to be more appealing
you advertisers and to attract more
money now is that inherently bad it can
be and it's a fine line it's a very very
great area I asked on Twitter earlier to
what extent is it empowering someone
giving them agency to earn money and
have a room of one's own and in what
sense is it disempowering because
sometimes you can create things that are
tailored to advertisers without even
realizing it and it can just affect and
slightly murky and muddy the motivations
for creativity I have to say upfront I
don't really buy into pure creativity I
don't think that that exists unless you
function and the huge vacuum I think
they always give me things that comment
in and out of it and I think that seeing
that is necessarily bad gets us all into
trouble but that's just me because
generally speaking it is helpful for me
to think in a fluid sense and in fluid
terms because when I start to give
things is really rigid like advertising
equals bad and so-and-so equals good
then I just get really trapped within it
and it stresses me out and then I can't
deal with it however and don't you many
great video talking about this as well
it's a different thing when you are
creating an idea of perfection of your
perfect self and you're not allowing any
of the cracks in yourself and you're not
allowing any of the things that you
don't like as much or you're using it as
a way in which you can control kind of
hyper control with the image that you
put out there right like it's there's
something that I think about a lot and I
can tell you a lot for many many many
years and it's the documented body how
does our relationship with our body and
our mind change when we have access to
this documentation of it and there's a
tension between what you document
yourself and what other people document
of you and you can kind of create your
whole physical history you can create
your whole body's history and you can
erase it therapist you can't take back
and you're sort of fighting this
wrangling monster of trying to define
your body in your terms and as a
consequence of that without even
realizing that you're doing it defining
yourself in those terms and when you're
putting that out for I don't want to say
public consumption but public comment it
also becomes a very different thing
because
kind of have people to answer to I was
looking for a comment from someone who
said you don't think you should make a
video none of us deserve to comment on
her decision on what makes her happy
it's not a judgment on her decision it
is a kind of State of the Union it's
what I would like to think of it as
because I want to talk about more about
this reality in which we find ourselves
right like in which we see all these ads
all the time where we have ads next to
our faces where we say things rather
than accepting it unquestioningly as it
is what it is or is whatever the website
gives us which it is opposed to an
extent we don't have ultimate control
over these platforms we do have
influence though and the way in which we
can change things and make things better
for ourselves or at least make ourselves
healthier within them is by talking
about them I always think it's better to
talk about things so Emilia tweeted me
and she said where do you think we feel
pressure to be validated through social
media made some really great points
about that a number will never give you
that feeling of validation oh that she
was seeking that validation through
numbers right like through likes and
reviews and through all of these things
especially about her body which
definitely came up again again again and
that is something that I really struggle
with like on the one hand things like
selfies and taking a picture of my body
when it feels great that stuff makes me
feel good something about sharing it and
about filing that day in my big folder
of social media footprints or whatever
they want to call them something about
doing that is really valuable and
important to me and has been incredibly
important in my personal growth and
that's not because of the lovely
comments of people they have always
because of the lights or any of that
it's because for me it is important to
catalog those days in my daily life
because that one it that's what it is I
can't separate online and offline life
it is so much into woven with me and it
has been 10 years of YouTube and even
longer before that online journal and
all sorts of other platforms too so it's
not as clear-cut for me is turning these
things off and walking away and I also
wouldn't say that it is inherently
damaging but that's not to discount the
points that she's making I just do you
think that that that that desire to seek
validation doesn't isn't entirely a bad
thing it is partly from wanting to be in
control
the way you've seen and there is some
cool side of agency with that and there
is something really independent about
that and really to be celebrated about
that and wanting to celebrate your body
but there is this other side of it that
is this loop of really seeking likes and
seeking outside approval for something
when you can't find it within yourself
and related to that there were two big
points that I loved that she said which
is why am i spending my time trying to
make my life edited and beautiful for
the world and the other point was I
didn't care what you look like in a
bikini I care what you look like when
you're excited and I think that those
are two really really good points I just
don't think that they have to be
achieved by necessarily cutting it
absolutely out of your life like again
of course if that's helpful to you if
that's what helps for you particularly
then that's great but I think that we
need to address the way we interact with
stuff rather than just cutting it out of
our lives because I think that that is
more of an extreme approach that maybe
doesn't address the issues at hand which
is where we're getting validation from
and also the extent to which were
completely saturated by these images in
a way that we have never been in human
history I'll use not to my understanding
of human history and to be fair I
dropped history in year nine but I think
back a lot to you the rooms that I've
had over the years and how many of them
had you know magazine cutouts all over
my walls and partner that was an
appreciation of fashion and part of that
was an appreciation of a cool picture
but the other part of that was literally
having this judgment looking down at me
right like having these bodily
expectations looking down and carving
those expectations for me as I went
along and honestly when she said we're
more than a number all I can
think about was the so many many many
years I spent trying to be a particular
number on a scale of views and likes all
of that serving the same false goal and
moving goal and never quite satisfied
and equally damaging goal as the numbers
on a scale and I think they are I think
they're a way in which we measure on an
our inadequacy and their way in which we
punish ourselves to things you know like
they can be finally always are they can
be like
people find scales to be incredibly
helpful portals to health and wonderful
motivators I don't understand these
people but I know that they exist so I
mean the numbers don't have to mean the
same thing to everyone but we do have to
be honest and address when they are
affecting our lives in a damaging way
also something that Jodi said in her
video that I didn't think I've mentioned
yet but I think it's absolutely right is
the idea that if YouTube didn't pay if
advertisers didn't pay if no one wanted
to pay for any side of this and even if
my community were completely small I
would still do it because I love making
videos and I think so at times when
you're feeling really overwhelmed and
really stressed and just like unhappy
with situation of things think how it
would be effective if you weren't paid
for it or even if you aren't paid for at
the moment if news didn't exist if all
sorts of factors just like take a factor
out of time
because then that kind of will show you
I think when you're placing your value
and will give you a way in which to
assess how happy you are with what
you're doing and what you can change and
what you can fix and how you can make
life better for yourself but yeah I mean
so much really really resonated with me
when I have heaps of views people will
view me I don't know what is real and
what isn't real because I've let myself
be defined by something that is so not
real and you don't have to prove your
life on Instagram for it to be good life
I was reading all the stuff and I was
watching these videos and I just
couldn't get out of my mind these videos
that I made that I never shared when I
was I think 18 I just started University
I was really struggling with all sorts
of different things all sorts of mental
health things all sorts of eating things
all thoughts sorts of body things and I
make these videos in the hope that one
day I'd be able to share them and I'm
not there yet I'm completely not there
yet but in every single one of these
videos I I am just distraught I'm being
incredibly honest about the way I feel
but I am so just absolutely distraught
part of that is a body obsessed culture
that prizes a body type that is just not
attainable it's not sustainable because
it's not really real because it is the
one picture out of a hundred is the one
picture out of a million it's that thing
that we've
on a pedestal and we say this is what
you're supposed to look like this is
what you're supposed to be like but
vlogging on its best day I think and
video blogs Instagram and all of that
stuff on its best day can tear that down
because you're seeing people if you know
you're seeing real people when their
faces move and when their bodies do
weird things and we're seeing their
weights go up and down and you're seeing
just all sorts of different things
happening to people and you're also
realizing that what you probably most of
the time value out the people with whom
you're most closely connected online and
you feel this kind of I don't know like
this deep loyalty to and that's deep
love for is that it's what they're
saying and that's what they're making
it's not the way they look the murkiness
there is when this person that you feel
this deep connection with is also
selling you something and I've been that
person you know like I have taken sorts
of things before and I have been as
transparent as I can be about it but I'm
still selling you something I'm still
being used as like a vessel through
which an advertiser or product or
whatever is advertising something or I'm
still telling you something by merely
having my face next renard like there is
an element there of like how much can I
trust this person even if I have this
deep connection with them or how much do
I rarely trust them without thinking
about it and I think that part of the
reason that why so many creators that in
this position of sometimes being really
overwhelmed by all or really guilty
about it or conflicted in so many ways
is because it is a choice that has also
been presented as status quo it is a
choice that has been presented as
everyone else is doing it and I have to
do this and this is the way you get
money and this is how it happens and
again I'm not saying that we should all
run for the hills from sponsorships
that's absolutely not I'm saying but
it's the lack of conversation there and
it's the lack of clarity in what it is
we're doing and it's this feeling of
like murky deceit and overwhelming
consumption of things that combined then
I think lead to exactly what you see in
a sellers video you can do it for men as
much as you want
or as little as you want of your life
but it's entirely up to you and that is
a real choice and that is not a decision
you may always realize that you're
making I will never forget the great
line from the social network the
internet it's not written in pencil mark
it's written in ink and that is
something that I never really understood
when I started making things on the
internet it was a space of complete
freedom for me it was a space of really
wonderful friendships lasting
friendships friendships that have given
me incredible opportunities
professionally and personally and
friendships that mean so much to me and
as much if not more to me than
friendships that were established IRL or
whatever but the internet is so young
and always changing that we don't know
what it is yet
and the only ways in which I can think
for us to think about it and talk about
it is in relation to the way we think
about media and the way we think about
bodies shared an ideal shared and
perfection shared and the reality and
the authenticity of it and who's paying
for it and how we interact with each
other and where are the lacks and what
aren't we seeing what is it being
represented who isn't being protected
all of that stuff we have to think of it
in those solid terms rather than these
terms of doing evil because there's
something about those broad terms that
make it easier to dismiss a rule and
make us less likely to be critical in
the way that we need to be we have to be
analytical and thoughtful we owe it to
ourselves to over to our communities we
owe that to word qualify ourselves I
just wanted to mention a couple of
points from Twitter and Shay said simply
that your experience is not everyone's
experience but continue to do what's
best for you India says I think she's
conflicted as she's primarily in the
vegan scene and people were saying she
liked substance and if that's the case
and I think that's really sad I think
that something that seems clear is that
she hasn't felt like she's been able to
get to know herself or her identity and
that might very well be part of her
identity and that's fine but just don't
let other people tell you who you are
it's easier said than done of course
it's easier said than done does my heart
break every time I see that one of the
top search results for me is Regina
house Ron has a weight of course it does
but it is letting other people define me
in terms of what they see of my
documented life and that is just
something we have to fight back with and
whether the most effective way to fight
back on that in those terms is removing
yourself from social media or
participating in conversations in other
ways anyway is fine but I think that
that is something that we'll be seeing
again and again again it's it's kind of
fight against the six down a definition
of ourselves and that's not something
you it's just happening on a different
kind of scale now and as quickly as you
get validation on that scale you get the
harsh judgment on that scale - Emilia
says do relevant media people have any
responsibility for creating or
idealizing homogenous lifestyles and
inspirational lives personally yes I
think we do have responsibilities you
present lives aren't homogeneous and to
push back against the things that make
us want to be exactly like everyone else
but I think that is a huge ask I think
that that is a difficult thing in a
culture that celebrates homogeneity in
many ways and yet asks us all to be
unique and yet replaces one star with
the next stars each Falls and then tears
apart the falling star or the overrated
star all that stuff like it's incredibly
difficult it's not simple thing however
that shouldn't take away from my effort
of fighting gates that homogeneity I did
want to say that what stage social media
sushi media but the I did want to say is
that what social media does make
possible is it puts forward faces and
voices that aren't given the traditional
support financially or just visibly in
representation and that they are in
general media so the one hand you do
have something that is like reenact in
traditional media and lots of ways in
terms of well your body's supposed to
look like and you just being white
straight people etc then on the other
hand you have these different voices and
these much more representative voice is
getting platforms getting support
getting something that they aren't being
given or provided by traditional media
options and traditional visibility
options I mean to end on that note for
today but it's certainly not something
that I'm going to stop talking about
that I made a video a while ago about
mainstream and YouTube and barriers to
entry and that's not a conversation that
I've finished it by any means
especially because you
it's that absolutely fantastic in it so
if you want to go check it out
we're going to put it over here but
meanwhile that's absolutely continue the
conversation in comments and if you've
made a video or written a blog post or
tweeted or anything that you can also
link that in the comments and I will
have a look through them and just dive
in with it really I have so many
feelings I had so many feelings watching
this videos and just just it was like
feeling central but I'm gonna edit this
now and then makes them do that because
I got back from work and I'm tired
goodbye
