hi everyone otis is here and well a lot
of people the Internet's into really
really really really love autumn I am
NOT one of them I like my days long I
like them hot I like them full of light
those things that I can't read you an
autumn I also don't really like wearing
layers very much unless it's like a cool
Gryffindor jumper like this one I'll get
over it because there are lots of good
books to read and lots of good books to
reread and that's what I'm going to be
talking about today I'm doing quite a
lot of rereading at the moment to be
honest that's a lot to do with seeking
familiarity seeking something that I
know and that's where kind of constant
in my life whatever the answer is
changing but I have read some new things
recently I read a queen of the tearling
which i think is had quite a bit of a
hype but I really really enjoyed it it's
around 500 pages but honestly it's quite
a quick read it's the story of Kelsey
who's 19 years old and her ascent to the
throne a large part of it is the journey
to the castle itself she's been raised
away from the castle in a secluded
protected environment and there's a very
big chance that she'll be assassinated
on the journey from her home where she
was raised to a castle it's sad to me
not an idealized Kingdom it's very
corrupt there's a lot of people who want
her dead there's slavery going on in
some sense of the word but I think it's
a really fun one there eglee mouths like
fantasy and magic with this dystopian of
feeling like this feeling that you don't
know quite if it's in the past or if
it's in the future and yeah I really
enjoyed it if you have a fireplace it's
definitely a fire makes kind of reading
and then there's a new one the invasion
of the taling which has a lot to do with
the Red Queen who's in the neighboring
Kingdom and he's kind of witchy and has
a lot of superstition around her but you
hear some of her side of things in queen
of the tearling and you hear more of it
in invasion of the tearing the adjective
I'd use to describe both of these is
delicious it's for sure a new read that
ever asked me the other day that I
haven't read yet is library of souls by
ransom Riggs
it's the third novel at the Miss
Peregrine series I've got a card or a
description with the videos that I made
about the other books in the series but
for those who haven't read any of them
ransom Riggs includes all these found
photographs and then builds characters
and stories around these found
photographs and so there's definitely
visual storytelling into woven with it
but not intrusive it doesn't feel like
someone's
telling you this is what they should
look like but the fact that they are old
photographs and they're weird
photographs morph and they're not as
this level of creepiness especially as
we approach Halloween very appropriate
and one of the things that I really like
about quirk books you published this is
that they take the time to pay attention
to lots of little details about the
physical book itself so there are
wonderful end papers and you know if you
can see it's kind of like a weird old
wallpaper style and you can just jacket
you've got all the signatures of all the
children so I don't know how well you
can see that but I really like this
color as well it's kind of hard to see
in the dimming light of the doom
approaching winter but I hope you get a
good idea of yeah of the physical
product I hate that I just called bricks
product that just goes wrong one that
I'm rereading that came out last year I
think is Alec Smith's had to be both
I love Alec Smith share such a strange
and unique voice have writing voice
that's really interesting when I was in
secondary school and I think I was about
maybe 1415 but I can't remember exactly
how old I was
my friend jazz gave me the book The
Accidental which is by Ali Smith and it
was one of the first pieces of like
contemporary general literature for
adults and grownups that I dragged I
dragged a lot of books by dead authors
but the recently dead or long ago dead
but not that many at all by contemporary
living authors so it was a great read
and it really sucked me into I Smith's
voice have writing voice which changes
with every novel but there's something
intrinsically Ali Smith about it I don't
know what it's like there's something
quite artistic about it which is
appropriate for this because much of
this is about art and how arts is
experience there's two widths win on
history and time but there's definitely
a narrative to it it's not like it's
just some abstract thing which I think
it can feel like I mean when I first
picked this up and I read the first
couple of pages I was like what is going
on give yourself some time and also
that's what makes it such a place just
reread because when you know what's
happening when you reread it there's
even more to get out of it it feels rich
it feels like offered or something and
the last book I'm rereading is in the
line
my believes that no autumn is complete
without a plethora of mysteries and two
stories about murder basically that's
what makes my autumn warm and fuzzy so I
read the girl on the train recently and
two guys I wasn't that impressed by it I
didn't think that it had very strong
characters at all I didn't think the
story was as tightly woven as I wanted
it to be and I felt sad about that
because I know that a lot of people
loved it but what it really pushed me to
do is go back to my favorite the classic
Agatha Christie so right now I'm
rereading Murder on the Orient Express
by Agatha Christie because she really is
the queen of crime this tradition is
beautiful I got it from when I went to
the Ritz for a party and I thought the
Christie party as you do and I love the
story also because it takes me back to
trains and hired or trains I miss trains
I wouldn't know train recently I went on
a train to Chicago and the video about
that will be going up pretty soon but
for now murder on trains
that's what autumns really about so
those are the main books that I've been
reading at the moment I can't do this as
easily as every other booktubers seems
to like my hand feels like it's gonna
fall apart or something knowing me I'm
also probably going to be rereading like
everything's daily Smith has ever
written what else are you reading all to
him I always repeat the Virgin Suicides
and also my Japanese LEDs and then the
other thing you'll find me rereading a
lot in autumn are the collected works of
Shakespeare especially the tragedies
Hanna of course is my favorite but it's
also of course the perfect time to
reread Macbeth and then once I've read a
couple I just start reading all of them
because you know what in tricks there
knew what was up also come to think of
it now I'm probably gonna reread the
silkworm as well just getting ready for
the new robot girl brings I'm so excited
yes let me know what you're reading in
comments I loved all your comments about
home I thought it was absolutely
fascinating I still haven't gone through
reply to you anywhere near as many
comments as I want to on the last few
videos and I just want to thank you guys
again for being such a great like
engaged wonderful community okay see you
guys soon bye
