hi so about a week ago I asked you for
some questions that I can answer on here
Rosie answers the least regular Q&A
series that there has never been
plebeian books asks when is make out
with him coming back make out with him
as a podcast that Lex and I created we
talked about friendship and kissing and
relationships or at least me word if we
hadn't gone on an unannounced Tiny's
hopefully made like I think 12 or 13
episodes but Lex and I realized that we
were both suffering from extreme burnout
not just because of the podcast but
because we all take on too many things
so what we decided to do was have a bit
of a hiatus so that it doesn't become
this thing that we find stressful but
instead something that we continue to
love and cherish making it will come
back in 2018 at some point we're going
to do it in seasons instead as well so
that there's like a number of episodes
that we can make as high-quality as
possible have a break and then make
another season that's how we're going to
do it however right now if you're
watching this on Saturday or before noon
eastern on Sunday there is an exclusive
project for also make out with him pack
that you can buy and we're going to be
recording that I think in January
Kalista says how do I live in the
present if I'm constantly worried about
the future it's really hard I think part
of that is the way that especially in
Western culture we think about time we
think about things in a linear way we
think about the way you experience
something as either past present or
future and the moment you think about
the present if the past something I have
found pretty helpful that might come
across it's quite cheesy if I write a
diary like pretty much every other day I
would say and I try to write in there
three to five things that happened in my
day just kind of bullet points and how
they made me feel I find that that
allows the greater reflection I was a
write long-form like stream of
consciousness what's going on my day but
having that like bullet point list I'm
like here's what happened today really
helps me process you know like the
universe and everything
trash parties that's what do you do when
you're sad I tried to talk to friends a
lot the time I sit in the room in the
dark and listen to Harry Potter on
audiobook I go for walks and I also
listening to you
albums really just listened to music I
tried to listen to albums a lot when I'm
sad because I feel like I don't really
have to think about how I do like this
song or I don't like this song I just
kind of let the
as a whole speak to me a lot I'll listen
to songs that just let me sit in it for
a bit or I'll watch oh my gosh when I
was on my way back from Colombia I
obviously had heard all of these stories
that were very very intense but I hadn't
really processed them or allowed myself
time to react to them and on the plane
they were showing you've got mail
it's an emotional film on points but
it's not a devastating film and I was
watching it on the plane and they just
absolutely lost it sobbing sobbing
sobbing and it took me a few moments to
realize like oh this is a little bit
you've got mail
this is about some of the things that
I've just seen them heard giving
yourself opportunities the catharsis can
also be really helpful which Harry
Potter does for me honestly but then
also yeah I'm watching films that will
make me cry I'll never need to know
Jenna asks are there any books poems
movies music whatever that particularly
helped you in regards to grief I
actually wanted to make a video which I
will do at some point about like how to
have a friend who's gone through loss or
some kind of grief of some sort because
I think there are a lot of things that
have helped me I found C as Lewis the
Greece observed very helpful I read that
in the first couple of months maybe even
the first month after my dad passed away
I read the year of magical thinking
and by Joan Didion which I found
extremely helpful and option B which
came out I think this year Sheryl
Sandberg and Adam grant wrote it
together and that was very helpful for
the way I think about grief and loss and
also like the person you expect yourself
to be but also connected it to a lot of
social science and research which was
extremely helpful because it doesn't
feel real and you don't let yourself
have those feelings as real because your
heart and you don't really know what to
do with them also any of the episodes of
The West Wing that showed Josh having
trauma is also helpful to me so like the
crackpots and these women know well
things like that I think I have a lot of
like that Josh level repression and it
just comes through it has to come out
and some way shape or form Carly I would
like some tips for finding more time to
read I would also like these tips
because I've been reading Wonder Woman
War bring out for like two weeks which
is a long time for me I would normally
read that in about a day or two my thing
is always haven't booked on you because
you never know like you might be waiting
for a friend for five minutes they might
be 20 minutes late that's a moment to
read if you use public transport and
stuff that's a great time to read
the other thing I've been doing a lot
lately is looking at how I spend my
equipment quick rest time even if I
don't call it rest time in my head often
I'll come back from work and I'll sit on
my laptop for like an hour just doing
not really that many things and I almost
kind of make fake working for a little
bit as I like unwind and protest the day
but I'm not doing isn't productive and I
do feel more relaxed afterwards so if I
use that hour instead for reading or
even half an hour of it to read then I
think that that's a more productive use
of my time I try and read before bed as
well so I'm not like on my screen all
the time but sometimes that's easier
said than done
outlet publishing asks how does
executive producer sound if the same
sentence as your own name it sounds
great
over it excited Jennie asks what you
most excited about in 2018 well a third
professional excitements I'm very
excited about Hamilton London I'm going
to see Hamilton in March I've so lucky I
got to see the original cast in New York
like a year and a half ago or something
Meredith and I got tickets we spent an
obscene amount of money on tickets and
we had great seats and DA Hill was there
in the audience and it was just
absolutely wonderful and so I bought
Hamilton West End tickets about a year
and a bit go I can't even remember right
when they came out and it feels like a
very long time ago because I remember
buying ticket something like March 2018
that's so far away maybe it was the
summer even maybe wasn't that long ago
what is time anyway no one cares in any
case I'm seeing it in much extremely
excited I'm also because I really did
spoil myself so much it made such
irresponsible financial decisions in
many ways shapes and forms in 2017
I'm seeing the killers for more times so
far I'm seeing them twice in New York in
January and seen them in LA at the
Staples Center and then in Vegas which
is gonna be their hometown show which
I'm so excited for seeing them this year
it's just what me so much joy in the
middle of like some really really a hard
weeks some really really hard times and
just like I've carried it with me I
carry it in my heart
Kristen and I set us how great is the
picture of Brandon and Lynn I think it's
amazing I think it's amazing like sent
it to me in the morning
that it he put it up because she knows
I'm not really on Twitter except for
doing pretty awesome and during this
creates but changed like up third week
but she yeah she sends it to me I think
it's incredible that we have free access
to such masterpieces like masterpiece
works of art yeah I was just so happy
most I have to see it and then the video
that he posted and even if it was that
evening a couple of these in evenings
later of him screaming along to mr.
Brightside that was the second night
that I went to see the killers at the o2
and they turned up the house like to
them and I think as they were kicking
people out they played mr. Brightside
back-to-back and it was a joy and to
know that someone I also really admired
was also in that room someone else a
admirer was also in that room just made
me very happy
it's just faves on faves and have a bit
of favors on faves Maria asks what's
your favorite 2017 movie or TV show mine
is probably get out or Lady Bird I love
Lady Bird and I thought get out was
absolutely brilliant and frankly
terrifying
I thought commentary's go but yeah Lady
Bird I saw a week or two ago and just
made me weep thoughts as beautiful
actually asks album or song wrecks if
you're in a music or life right or
generally feel like your life is falling
apart no I think that I get back to a
burr a lot when I feel like things are
in a rut because their music feels very
it like moves around not and they're
always they talk about pain in a very
honest deep way but there's also so much
joy and optimism in what they do and I
think the mere fact of their being four
of them and them singing their beautiful
Swedish students just picks me up out of
it in lots of ways but then often I go
to things that speak very directly to
how I'm feeling so I listen to liability
by Lorde a lot for instance when I'm
feeling really really down because it
doesn't necessarily cheer me up but it
helps me feel really understood and
that's often what I'm looking for when
I'm in some kind of rut or stuck between
various things and then the obvious one
which is also very true is rut from the
album wonderful wonderful by the killers
because and I don't say that lightly I
think it's a huge anthem for people who
struggle with their mental health so
it's not necessary
saying like this isn't real or this is
super temporary but it's just saying
look I'm in this right right now and
it's gonna be hard but I'll climb and
I'll climb and I'll climb another climb
and so I was seeing that very song this
morning in my bathroom I'm sure my
neighbors hated it because I was trying
to get myself out of a bit of a rut and
for me yeah I'd be I'm gonna talk more
about the album but it's such a I got
cut off by the camera the camera didn't
want me to talk about anymore anyway
how peculiar asks favorite and we'll go
to West Wing episode Oh
so many of them in the shadow of two
gunmen two cathedrals Noel the crackpots
and these women I love The Supremes sirs
living in India really appreciate to 20
hours in America but yeah there's a lot
of them I have a lot of favorites so
Teresa asks how did you come up with the
idea of backburner backbone is this
series I do in which I take a cookbook
and I just cook from that cookbook for a
month it was a combination of things so
for one I didn't know how many of you
know this but I a couple of years ago
decided that I had like two thousand
three hundred books or something
ridiculous I decided that I was only
going to keep 50 to 80 or so of those
books and I'm not pretty much at that
stage I have a to be read pile and that
grows every now and then but then I pass
those books along will give the way or
governmental libraries are going to
schools but my like permanent collection
as it were it's between 50 to 80 books
so as I was doing that and kind of like
continuing that process when I was here
in Indiana I was looking at my little
shelf that I have next to my stove and I
saw that I had like eight or nine click
because I've never cooked from or it
cooked one or two your recipes from and
then gone back to all the normal things
that I was cooking from so I thought
like how do you a review a cookbook and
be how do you experience a cookbook and
now it's really exchanged the way that I
look at cookbooks and their role in my
life and also cookbooks themselves as
entities I now a hundred percent read
the introduction various times
read the little descriptions and
narrative bits and love those bits above
recipes and understand them more as like
a person-to-person gift exchange I
suppose would be the really highfalutin
we're talking about it
someone's sharing with you the food that
they make and the food that they tried
that's very personal exciting to me
anyway so I decided that I was going to
film myself cooking for a month and try
and do it in different and visually
interesting ways but then as I started
to make it I understood that I was also
exposing a lot about myself which I
think to be honest was quite
uncomfortable at times because I have
tried especially in recent years to be
very aware of the fact that whenever I
share something about my mental health I
have to be taking accountability in my
own life away from cameras and away from
any kind of attention to be making real
change and I don't know just really
understanding what I'm struggling with
rather than having that experience
directly through the camera so as I was
doing this obviously a lot came up with
my complicated relationship with food
and with my body and you know like
having different ankles and and you know
that sense of seeing more of you and
stuff and it very quickly became this
combination of like some kind of food
diary without all the insidious elements
of that tracking my mental health in a
way that I hadn't really ever been able
to do because I hadn't been able to zoom
out there are certain things that are
like a bit similar about the style but
there are differences in the style and
the length of the episode and also
what's included and so to me I'm not the
time that tells me more about where my
head is at than anything that I
necessarily even say because there are
in months and the recent I think the
recent recent episode is the best
example of this when I honestly have not
wanted to see myself in the viewfinder
like I have just not been able to look
at myself in that like steps back kind
of way because it's just been I've just
been too critical of myself that to me
is also another form of like keeping
track of of where my head is at so for
instance I knew that in that latest
episode a lot of people miss like the
more vlogging elements between preparing
food and so on but like at that time I
just wasn't in the headspace to do that
so it's about having that freedom to
document a month or so of your life
through food really get to know but in a
different way and then also kind of like
welcome it into your food and cooking
life without sounding too crunchy about
it
at least for that month and learning
more about food itself like having a
certain food education that comes just
from cooking which I am seeing and
understanding that has greater and
greater importance in the world that
we're in so yeah that's how that came
about a couple more questions as it's
becoming really dark all of a sudden
when Tina says what's the most
challenging thing you face that you
never saw coming in your adult life I
think what really leaves my dad that
happened when I was 19 that definitely
wasn't part of like my mental plan for
how my twenties were going to go
understanding friendship dynamics more
his has been challenging not in a not
necessarily in a negative way but I
think understanding that you're going
through this process about not hood and
so your friends too and no one really
knows necessarily what that means but
we're all learning what kind of choices
we like to make and the ways you want to
talk about things and the ways we want
to experience the world and like I think
that's challenging because you're
learning sometimes that even if you have
like the same core values a lot as a lot
of people around you sometimes through
your way of responding to that is quite
different I don't need to say that that
sounds like so quondam naturey and I
didn't mean it in that way I just mean
that like it's complicated to be an
adult see if this is technically vlogmas
I'm going to end on a Christmassy one
which I just scored Pass comes from Anna
who says top three holiday songs so
excluding the ten amazing kiddos
Christmas songs which if you haven't
listened to you then you should
absolutely love I really love white wine
in the Sun but I mentioned three
traditional ones I'm a big fan of our
hark the herald angels sing' a little
town of Bethlehem and the Holly and the
ivy I like that song a lot but Kim is
songs Christmas songs boots a great big
spread and then either dirt sledding or
don't shoot me Santa I really like dirt
sledding because of that bit with the
shiny Rolex on my wrist I love it anyway
there were lots of questions that I
didn't answer so maybe I'll do another
one of these next Saturday and if so
just leave your questions in the
comments but now I've got to edit this
upload it head over to John's and direct
the stream from behind the scenes for
the continuing 2017 project for awesome
shenanigans I will see you tomorrow bye
