hello so at seven thirty in the morning
on my birthday I'm 24 have I mentioned
that I feel like I may have mentioned
that i have noted a video at around
midnight and the moment i turned 24
basically but i got up and the first
thing i did was and wrap these presents
from emily which i have been sitting
here waiting in anticipation my bad
thing for like a couple of days now i
absolutely love rifle paper okay I
actually recently bought quite a few of
their card so I can frame them and put
them up around my house like go get em
tiger so she got me a little temporary
tattoo from a tiny composition notebook
the travel journal is that beautiful the
sunglasses are kind of like my
sunglasses and then a shopping list as
well which is great because I keep
writing my shopping list on the back of
envelopes and then losing them also a
cup to the kindest comments and tweets
and posts I think I've ever received in
my life oh my god this is gonna be a
terrier youtube video there's gonna be
one the one just like crazy and it cries
on camera thumbnail where is he on a
breaks down yeah no thank you so much
those birthday messages notes so it
sounds almost flippant to say that
they've meant so much to me but they
really did I grew up in my family every
single birthday you would have in the
morning your family would come in they
would wake you up by seen less money on
ebus and it's just this very warm
experience around my birthday and my
birthday is really important to me don't
know why it's like the thing that I've
latched on to some people that shop to
Christmas I letter on to my birthday
does me because it's all about me rather
than all about everyone but yeah reading
your comments in the morning something's
kind of felt like all of you going to my
room with me which is kind of creepy in
some ways but yeah wishing me happy
birthday and say I'm just like going
around a cycle saying the same thing
over and over again but thank you really
truly thank you today on the agenda we
have not losing my voice do anywhere
it's gone it's not like I've been out
clubbing or anything but I way to get to
breakfast and then I would go to the
Indiana State Fair which I'm excited for
unsightly terror
bye and then I'm seeing John Sarah me
niggas are so it's a very good birthday
um and yeah I'm excited for you guys
come along with me cuz i'm going to try
the blocking thing again it's saturday
so let's go to the farmers market let's
do it let's get some flowers such a nice
day it's like 21 degrees it's 9am it's
kind of quiet and peaceful which I
normally don't like but today I like
rain boots cuz my birthday maybe that's
why I need a positive outlook
are you say here with jadon Meredith
marriott I get to brunch everything
exactly at the same spot we went today
birthday
come to taste and said which was
immature we're just gonna celebrate
linking to do it so it's going to be a
ring
energy and has acquired as i sit crown
and it's also acquired a birthday
balloon because I am an emoji about the
bear no vendors everywhere overcoat and
we're about to walk past one that sells
cheesy beats jokes don't really know
what that means it doesn't sound like
something I can eat but I like it and I
was mine
my coach apps or something that you
advertised proudly
you
you
i just spent on gliding right and
to locate the wine and pizza so I'm in
the car and we are on the bird again
because they're on our way to columbus
to be one direction
bailey back this is my very best
multiple houses variants one direction's
amazing we went outside and now we go
back and I've had break that into work
it's gonna be pretty fun
and
it's sunday is a beautiful date and
wonderful weekend and it's 33 degrees
outside sadly the pool of clothes what a
struggle but I've moved my mattress out
onto the balcony so I can read and chill
and just hang out and get some things
done i also got any more to say that my
stove for his ships which is going to go
here right here i'm excited for you guys
to see it back into the fishtails now I
feel like they're my friends again
except all the back who's coming out
because I'm a pro Meredith and I went to
the white party last night and we took a
lot of pictures success with rust it's
Sunday evening no it's not it's Monday
evening it's labor day I'm already
making it up they're making some rice
kind of my staple dish at the moment
rice and broccoli and some kind of
protein and I've been having the
strangest days in the past week or so I
have had so much energy and life and
excitement and joy for about seventy
percent of the day and then the other
two-thirds of Sun I just get I think
homesick I think that's what it is it's
this virulent strain of homesickness
that has touched every part of this
month for me or however long expenses
I've been filming these snippets it's
frustrating but at the same time I do
know that I'm happier than I have been
in a long time I do know that i feel
very purposeful ID knew that I feel
creative and I just need that social
aspect i miss my friends and it's always
going to feel like they're going on kind
of without you it's going to feel tragic
a dramatic like that by the time I feel
like this I already asleep so just one
of those things I just really love my
friends I am so grateful for them I
think they're wonderful they're right
there friends who you all know you've
really been there in the past few years
and more than anyone else really
so I miss them but in the meantime I
have rice and broccoli and I have a lot
of television that I can watch and I
have a reread of the Martian I think
it's like my fault or very read at this
point just love that book it's
so good I've got health and strength
will still the rest this is kind of my
second month in a row of accidental
monthly blogging but I like it maybe
I'll accidentally continue we'll see all
right sweetie soon bye
Oh
Oh
