I've been having a lot of feelings about
YouTube lately and I recorded a video
yesterday but then Casey Neistat came
out with this video about the mainstream
and YouTube and its potential for
creativity I thought there's a wonderful
video but it made me think a lot of that
video I recorded the night before in
which I hadn't really said many
sentences and they burbled quite a bit
and went back and forth but what I was
trying to say in that video was that
YouTube is changing it in a way that
isn't necessarily as inclusive as you
might think
Thank You Tube now and I'm talking in
terms of the community and kind of the
abstract entity rather than the website
itself has the potential to become quite
elitist and even more elitist than maybe
it already is and maybe elitist is in
the right word but what I mean is that
there are a lot of barriers to entry and
that for me is where YouTube now mimics
the mainstream because mainstream media
and mainstream thinks the consumption
have many many barriers to entry for me
at least it seems like so much of what
we consume only exists because it is
possible for very few people or no on a
tool and it's complete illusion right
it's aspirational it's fantastical it's
expensive it's geographically dependent
its language dependent and it's race
dependent it's gen dependent there's so
there's so many different variables
there with all these things that we're
showing everyday I'm thinking about in
terms of the treatment sure but not just
in terms of advertising not just in
terms of the many pressures we're
showing from advertising but in the
language that we use to talk about our
world and talk about each other and talk
about the things that we create and for
me time and time again we see YT she was
being rewarded white male youtubers
being rewarded white male
english-speaking YouTube being rewarded
I think that's for many different
reasons and the different barriers to
entry vary for me a lot of it has to do
with the way we think and talk about the
top of YouTube and where we place our
ambitions and respect to things like
subscribers because in the language that
we're using you talk about YouTube I'm a
smaller youtuber and so many of my
friends who are around the same
subscription level of like 40,000 30,000
for smaller youtubers like that's
obscene to me it's not obscene because
it's personally important for me to be
known as a big youtuber by no means is
it that it's that for me a small
youtuber is maybe someone who has 10 50
subscribers that are perched 200 or 300
and there's
loss of perspective there and I think
that that has a great bearing in terms
of the way we talk about the platform
and the way we talk about the community
the more technical side of what's
frustrating me about this concept of
mainstream is that there isn't a
universal access to YouTube it's an
amazing platform and it's freely and
that's wonderful but it's free in the
sense that the website itself is free
you have to pay for an internet
connection you have to have a device
with which to view it and if you want to
be part of making things on YouTube you
have to have a camera I'm now we're
seeing a lot of like high production
value stuff like maybe my production
value isn't great but I have this
wonderful camera that I got through a
YouTube grant so there's that like so
many people don't have instant access at
home and even though smartphone
technology is improving it's by no means
Universal there's this false
universality that the Internet presents
and so much of it is geographically
based and language based and things like
that and I think that we can lose sight
of that I think that's something that
every form of mainstream does it shuts a
lot of people out with that's through
the actual things that it's saying and
the things that it's saying you can and
can't be or through the kind of ways you
access it and yeah the amount of reach
it has really for me I don't know
whether I'm just being oversensitive at
the moment I didn't know whether it's
because I'm in this big turbulent part
of my life so it's it's a bit scary in a
lot of ways but it's also becoming
really really self-aware at the same
time too self-aware one might say but I
have this feeling now that I didn't ever
used to have on YouTube that I also
think I came to YouTube to escape and a
way of this shadow starting in a corner
and it's the shadow of this expectation
of a person and it's not so much wanting
to become that person
but it's wanting the same thing for that
person like having the same desires
having the same creative motivation and
those creative motivations being of a
very restricted rigid kind of language
it's all very formulaic in my head I
think we have moved away from the
formulaic content in the sense of
challenges and Tad videos and stuff
where at least like I've seen some
people kind of turning it on its head or
do something a bit more interesting with
it but while maybe the port outline of
those videos has become less formulaic I
think that the way we are communicating
with each other has become more
formulaic
we kind of communicate maybe in cliches
or in really prescriptive rigid advice
that depends on all these norms that we
see every
in the world and I think of all this in
terms of body image and all that kind of
pressure because that's the biggest
pressure and fear I think in my life or
at least it was a really formative time
and I think that there are examples that
a lot of people understand quite easily
but you know it's all sorts of things I
mean an extreme example of this as I saw
freely videos the other day she eats a
lot bananas and then she talks about
celebrities and how they all have eating
disorders because they're not vegan and
the first very which was about Jennifer
Lawrence and she basically goes through
a bunch of like videos of Jennifer
Lawrence and interviews and photo shoot
that Jennifer Lawrence has done comments
of Jennifer Lawrence has made casually
about like pizza and popcorn and picks
them apart and proves her to be a
terrible person and really hyper
sexualized her really dehumanizes her
absolutely takes her to town and
eviscerated her and that to me was the
clearest example of what I've been
seeing and feeling on YouTube recently
that feeling of someone's standing there
shouting at me x equals y I was having a
conversation with another youtuber of
the other day and she said she was a
really picky about whose attitudes but
that was only when people were trying to
sell things super high directly and have
made these ads with companies or
whatever which maybe is a bigger part of
it then I'm giving credit for but I feel
like instead of it being the video being
the ad and and parts of that being at
people themselves are becoming ads and
not even for particular products all the
time it's just the particular lifestyles
and attitudes there's something that I
think is really prevalent on things like
Instagram where it's very visual and you
want to like set up your life to be
slightly less chaotic in certain ways
and the instagrams that I choose to file
a little bit too perfect just telling
about YouTube are you watching a video
and someone's in their personal space
speaking to you from in your personal
space and having this very direct
connection which was previously very
authentic the authenticity that we've
traded on has now become this
aspirational thing and where once it
might have been a big brother big sister
thing especially when there's the big
age difference I do think that now it's
a bit more insidious than that but I
would love to hear your opinions on it I
don't know I might just be completely
delusional at this point and feel free
to tell me if so but I do feel like so
much of what we're creating YouTube is
this persuasive narcissistic content
that exists to make you want something
over there it's not even necessary to
want my life for it
to want the life of another youtuber its
to want the same things as then from
this shadowy life in the corner and
that's me that's just really sad I think
we have those precious enough in our
lives and I think that YouTube and its
best challenges that but part of the
problem is perhaps because what we're
thinking of as mainstream and yet kind
of inclusive and open to anyone actually
isn't it's actually open to quite a
narrow server of people it can be harder
on this bigger platform to wade through
door and find those pockets that you
love and that don't feel like someone is
talking to you in cliches or in ads so
yeah that's a lot of what I've been
thinking about I think in large part all
of these thoughts and many of these
anxieties are in response to everything
that happened in 2014 when several
youtubers were found to have assaulted
people of your news people and just
generally maintained really unhealthy
relationships with people who watch
their videos in many cases people who
are underage and it's similar those
cases those people were my friends and
people who I'd known since like early on
my tyrants platform and it makes you to
question everything in some ways it has
made me think more critically thoughtful
about it and it's made me realize that
the fluidity that I apply to the way I
eat and the way I approach food and the
way I approach so much of my life now
that has to apply to the language that
we use and rather than being really
prescriptive and rather than saying that
X equals y x equals y x equals y I'm
shouting that into like the camera it
has to be bigger than that I don't know
I don't even know what I made I'm making
sense anymore if I'm making sense in
your world but I would love to eat your
thoughts I really really want to hear
your thoughts and I'd also be interested
in hearing what you think are the
barriers to entry for anytime you want
to create something online whether
that's writing a blog post creating a
video whatever it is you do what are the
barriers to you doing that and how much
of that is what you perceive to be a
barrier and can be broken down by really
cool things like you know no fire week
and things like that all are barriers
that are greater than
the perception of what the thing you're
creating should be so let's keep talking
in comments I will see you all very soon
and the next video is probably going to
be one that I should have edited like
four months ago bit didn't story of my
life alright speak to you soon bye the
light is just gone it's just gone but
like goodbye light
