hello everyone so I find out about books
through wandering around bookshops
through friends recommendations and also
because publishers often send me books
in the hope that i will review them but
this one this one is quite different
because this one is one my friend wrote
this is first and then by Emma Mills it
comes out on octobre 13 and I can't
believe that Alma fight has written a
book this is so so so exciting also it's
a really good book I really enjoyed it
it's kind of like a stephanie perkins
story there's that kind of vibe to it
but it's quite a bit more sarcasm and
it's got a lot of that anxiety around
leaving school leaving high school and
applying to university in that sense
that all these people trying to give you
all this advice about how you should do
things and also just having your own
life within that like your priorities
being different from everyone else's
priorities not because you're a good or
a bad person or a good or bad student
but just because it's your life it's not
anyone else's life and no one else is
living it but you feel like there's this
disconnect there so that's what the
cover into focus for a second it's a hot
of watercolor raindrops or the absence
of watercolor raindrops it's really
striking cover I think it's beautiful I
really excited just to see her now you
mind doing the cover first and then FML
just you know casual published author
this is very exciting for me I don't
know if you can pick up what this at all
because sometimes because it's like
those people put them up sitting it's
gonna be like straight romance stories
can be all about romance it's lots of
different kinds of love so there's lots
of different kinds of love that you can
give to people and give to yourself and
I think that first and then does a
really good job of exploring that the
book doesn't come out til October 13th
said I want to give too much away but
it's about Devin who is as I said kind
of sarcastic like this is not like a
cruel kind of sarcasm but there's a
sense that a lot of people are giving
her advice and she feels like she's on
the periphery of it right like she feels
like she's kind of on the periphery of
her life in a little way and I think
that's a common experience for a lot of
people in school but it's also just a
common experience of being a person you
always feel like you're kind of outside
yourself in lots of different ways and
she has a level of interference in her
life there are people who want her to do
certain things and wanted to make
certain plans but she's not in that
mindset but it's very much around her at
the same time so once she is and isn't
position so I know that a lot you're
going into your final year of high
school so I can do school sixth form or
whatever else and there are many of you
who are going into your final year of
university but for those of us as well
you are on the other side of that and
full-fledged adults or pretending to be
at least there is always that sad as I
mentioned kind of being on the outside
of it and not quite being connected to
things and I think that that's something
that first and then does spectacularly
well it's always a bit scary when your
friends make something because you feel
afraid that you're not going to like it
it's like that feeling of opening
presents in front of other people and I
don't have that fear that much but one
of my friends Lex has that fear very
very very keenly she doesn't like
opening presents different of other
people she doesn't like watching it cuz
she feels uncomfortable for their person
who's opening she's experiencing it
second hand and I understand that to a
certain degree because that's kind of
how it feels even though my friends are
so talented and so creative and I'm
always happy to offer critical feedback
if they ask for it I also do you have
this deal of like our new but what if
I'm about to watch something that's
absolutely terrible and I have to look
you in the eye and lie to you and tell
you how great it was but fortunately my
friends would she talented and have
never really had that experience yay but
yeah I just can't get over how excited I
am that it's a real thing it's a real
physical things that I can like poke
with my hands like this I think it's a
real delight to read and I'm excited for
all of your thoughts when it comes out
on october 13th but a question for you
in the comments how do we like to
support something that a friend has made
like what is your favorite way to let
the world know or let as many people as
you can know about something that you
love that your friend has made or even
someone who not that close to her you've
never met like how do you tell people
about it for ya let's talk more in
comments and thank you to everyone oh my
goodness thank you so much if you
commented or shared or anything watch my
24 things I love my my 24th birthday
video their response to that actually
analyst room for me to tears I have
footage of those tears but i'm not sure
if i'm going to share it because i
watched it back in the day and it's a
little bit embarrassing but yeah it was
amazing so thank you so much that
absolutely made my day thank you thank
you thank you thank you also tell me
what books you're reading at the moment
I want to know I wanna know can we
please stop
