hello I wanted to talk to you about
asking for it which is by the Lisa
O'Neill who also wrote only ever yours
the winner of the Hawaii book prize I'll
make a video about only ever yours
another time but this book comes out on
September 3rd it's published by Quercus
and I think it's incredibly important
firstly let me say it's about sexual
violence I can't decide for you whether
or not it's going to be a hard to read
if you're a victim of sexual violence or
if you know if you have a close
experience with it in some other way
but you just have to listen to your
instincts if you find it a bit hard and
it's getting a bit rough then just put
it down for a bit I'm going take a walk
and see what you decide to do after that
asking for it isn't rated by and told
around Emma who's a very popular
schoolgirl she's also quite mean in a
lot of ways in any other story she would
be the girl who's says cutting things
from afar and cuts people down and isn't
very nice and you just immediately hate
her in a sort of visceral way O'Neill
however manages to tie you to Emma and
you feel empathy for her even when you
know she's being absolutely cruel and
file2 some of her closest friends around
her but it shows the complexity of our
relationships with one another and the
different ways that we hurt and betray
each other but it puts them on a
different plane to what happens in this
book which is that someone is raped
asking for it though is about so much
more than the moment of sexual violation
it is about the many violations that
come with in rape culture aside a set
aside was at the Internet and in social
discussion I feel like there has been a
very basic conversation about rape
culture as it does it exists and does it
not when no real discussion of what is
it exactly that we're talking about
other than examples of this is rape
culture that is rape culture because
it's through these examples that we can
actually hold things to light rather
than the I guess quite complex social
times of it and the way that our
language is built around it and the
things that are favored and not favoured
by it and the things that we excuse us
Society and the things that we don't
excuse but I think that what asking for
it does so fantastically is that it
demonstrates rape culture at work and it
does so by showing that there is a
ripple of sexual violation that happens
in every aspect of our lives even more
so when someone has been violated and so
it's not one point of trauma and sort of
the ever ongoing the smoke from it
lots of different traumas it's a lot of
different things that are tied into the
same net and the same experience and
that overall contribute to this culture
its attitude its behaviour it's all
sorts of different things the book
explores what happens when social media
comes into it and our agency as
participants in a culture to reproduce
things very quickly and often without
much thought and one of the things I
felt while wheezing and after reading
asking for it are very similar to the
way I felt after only over yours and
that's because Luton is quite a violent
writer I didn't mean that in the sense
of like graphic violence or gratuitous
violence but if there's a violence in
the honesty there's that sense of
holding a mirror up to nature sort of
thing that women's positions really
still haven't been explored in an
intense way and the frankness of our
discussion is something that we were
afraid of for many good reasons because
it's horrifying the reality of what
everyone puts up with is horrifying of
what we're expected to hide and not talk
about and accept and those dark feelings
that you still on an everyday basis find
yourself pushing away because oh that
made me uncomfortable but I'm just
overreacting and I'm just X Y Zed I'm
just I'm just I'm just you have to shine
a light on that so that we can talk
about it I think that as a whole that's
a good example of why a media
representation is so important and not
just for sexual violence issues are not
just for corny image and eating disorder
issues and not just so one thing for so
many different things and then when
we're having these discussions that's
where intersectionality comes in because
how does the white woman's experience in
this part of Ireland different from the
black woman's experience in this part of
the USA and is different from the
Chinese woman's experience in this part
of London you know all these sorts of
things going back and forth and having
these Horrors and these stories told
allows us to talk about them more
because there's a sort of cave that's
built up a protective cave and a lot of
ways because you've already heard the
echo there's a safety in having that
echo and even if it doesn't line up
exactly with your experience or your
conversational way you want to leave the
discussion or where you want to go next
there is something there that it's being
talked about you're not so isolated in
your experience you aren't so trapped I
think
and I do think that in many ways most of
us are trapped I think most of us are
constricted by the way we are expected
to talk about our experiences and it's
not until someone almost says it's okay
to talk about this because I feel this -
or my character feels this - or I'm
acknowledging this in some way I mean
acknowledging the horror and the
violence of it and the brusque reality
of it it's not until then that we can
really have those conversations and that
we can yeah bring some light onto them I
can't say that I enjoyed reading asking
for it enjoying is that the right work
but it left me with this feeling of this
is important and this is going to make a
lot possible and this is going to give a
lot of us the language that we need to
have these conversations and it's we
have tangibly demonstrating something
that too many of us or all of us feels
slightly untouchable I feel is fantastic
I really did asking for it it's
brilliant only ever yours is brilliant I
can't wait to read whatever news I know
right next but I'd love to hear your
thoughts as the book comes out and any
of you who've read an advance copy as
well please do tell me what you think
and I just I really love to know your
thoughts on any of this so please let me
know in comments about the role you
think that books have and representation
has especially representation or
violence and violent truths okay I'll
speak to you soon
goodbye
so I just got to my guitar room at the
Four Seasons which is very fancy and
very nice and it's like a living room
section over here but all the living
that I really be doing in the next few
days
