hello everyone different occasion today
here in silence room with sauna with
filming a job crisis video 2015 except
things have progressively become less
crisis II and I know I'm pretty good if
you haven't seen it we made a video
every year at a different time when we
were first looking for jobs and in just
an absolute stress stress much like
living together just applying for the
same jobs and then sort of like crying
every violation was like did you apply
for that yeah not really getting
anywhere with it to a year later having
jobs and feeling pretty good about it
and stuff with the industry was also
happening where we were going and
talking to people about booktubing and
social media and all that stuff now in
2015 I conversion I am now the digital
and social media manager so I've taken
on a lot of extra stuff doing really
exciting things still doing a lot of the
same things I was doing or else yes de
Franchi books and Piccadilly press as
well and we have two new adult imprints
that are coming as well so lots and lots
of new exciting things I'm moving to
America in a week sorry my new title I
mean I have various titles and they
range from still executive to so sort
social media manager to VP of
development and production partner in
the blog so there's a lot of different
stuff going on it's very exciting still
working for John still working a lot
with 20th Century Fox and stuff as well
so I don't know how this happened but
really adults now I keep saying that
every year but and I know it's now its
proper I think last year we were still
sort of in the haze of life but then
next you didn't look back to be like I
was faking it with fakeness what's
happened a lot over the last year is
we've started to mean more and more
people are aged and are in the same
industry that are doing really really
well and are doing really important it's
same fantastic as well like you know
people like Naomi bacon and Clarissa who
was still great friends with and who's
like an invaluable partner people talk
about networks they talk about
networking and that's such a sterile way
to look at it because it's not really
about that it's about making genuine
connections with people and when you
look back on it you're like oh I guess I
wasn't it working and I guess I was too
but like you just meet like like-minded
people that I feel accept it's so funny
to meet so many people across different
businesses and their industries that
feel exactly the same way that you
you know you just instantly have that
connection so you're like you get it it
was a lovely age group kind of thing is
I think a huge part because when you're
in bigger companies I mean I can't
really speak for being in a bigger
company you must be really a big company
in a big industry we're still we feel
like quite young people and you know
still figuring out but then obviously we
have angles on things especially digital
things that some other people might not
share so it's just kind of that whole
exchange it's just yeah it's been really
really great so hard what else what do
we talk about
we don't we've been speaking it like
pregnant conference yeah I don't think
when we from their last video this year
we did it working with booktubers one
year on at the London book fairs last
year and just when we organised a
talking this year we did one again and
it was a sort of like we're not quite
there yet but you know let's keep moving
in the right direction and I think just
especially from the sort of book reviews
on YouTube perspective there's a lot
more people that are eager to hear about
it they're interested they want to work
together which i think is really great I
think it all comes back to the time
thing they're like no one really feels
like they have the time they already
feel that they have the money to hire
the people that they went to hire to do
it but unless it's made a priority it's
not going to be a forward we're quite
confident in public speakers and I think
yeah I quite enjoy it
we've always been that way which is
quite fortunate I don't know about you I
always knew I wanted to be good at it
because I can saw it as a really
valuable thing because so many people
get so so nervous speaking in front of
crowds while I was in my teens I
intentionally put myself in situations
where I had to be on stage and talk to
people so I would volunteer to host like
lip-sync shows like that sort of stuck
with the idea in mind that I might be
nervous now but if I just do this like a
hundred times I won't be nervous anymore
and so when I Republic speedgame I'm
like yeah I'll do it because I can only
get better from it which I think I yeah
being able to do public speaking or like
even in school if there's a presentation
to be done and everyone's too nervous
you can be the one doing it it's so so
good even in smaller situations than
that if you're like in this seminar
setting or in the classroom setting and
your teacher asks a question be the
first person to answer even if you don't
think it's right like if that's not even
the point it's just being the first
place I never said anything I need a
verse
anyways my hand ever shot me it's very
personal to us yeah I don't know like
you know I'm really lucky I mean I think
it's my Mexican side coming through in
that to be honest it's very like I have
an opinion let me talk about it or I
want to say something or I just like the
sound of my voice in the last year I've
been contacted by people from my old
University yeah they did a couple of
videos about studying English and
studying translation and they've sort of
found it and gone oh this is really
useful is it okay if we do that if we
feature at etc I was watching a jacksgap
video which Jack was talking about
setting up with company and how and he
was at school he always wanted you
something creative but he didn't mean
now to do it and he didn't really think
that that was an option or that they're
all these kind of very traditional roots
you have to take and I think now finally
we're starting maybe at least a tiny bit
to move away from that and just kind of
accept that there is an entrepreneurship
in creative industry and that there is
you know we've got these two careers
running parallel in a lot of ways
they're also very distinct careers I'm
having recognition from people even
though it's not like the basis of our
motivation is really nice because we
have worked really hard I'm not to say
that people in other jobs haven't worked
very hard but we also have say I find it
funny when some of the main points of
contact have been oh well we searched
for our companies that are event on
YouTube and your video showed up before
any of ours yeah so maybe we should get
in touch but then you have to know when
to stop and when to charge and when -
like value yourself because I sometimes
get in those situations where a company
will contact me and say something like
that and I'll go and I'll be like oh I
really want to just fix that and I want
to fix it now it's a problem that like
it's you have to sit on them like I can
help with this and this is my rate
everybody I'd love to go around the
world like a little like magical in a
fairy and be like I'm gonna fix this not
like I can do me the best Internet
barrier and I thought like I can do
everything but there are certain things
like little there's I'm just like my
name means like or on skills but it's
just when you I think when you see a
program and you're just like I want to
fix a problem cuz you know it can be
done with like two clicks have you
learned any big skills in the last year
I think negotiating we're doing
sponsored videos for the first
time figuring out how to talk to people
how to figure out your rate but even
just how to figure out like what exactly
you want to do how you want the
collaboration to work how do you keep
people happy
we keep yourself happy as well yeah and
I think sort of not letting that
overwhelm you it and I think that is a
skill that you'll use for life's people
in all industries especially guys know
how to go shoot so much more because
they know to be kind of quite aggressive
about when they're putting offers for in
discussions and sometimes not always but
sometimes I react to that by backing
down or feeling afraid or feeling
because that's how I interact with the
world I'll just feel like this is too
much effort is - you don't have my time
I'll just let it yeah yeah I mean that's
what I tend to be more than anything is
like I can't even deal with this right
now and I'm not saying that we need to
be aggressive people to progress but I
think that you're aggressive isn't
necessarily everyone else is aggressive
you know it like it's just putting your
opinion there and in the negotiation
situation you can kind of be as
aggressive as you need to be people that
pay so much money for professional film
companies to come and do things and then
it goes from the extreme where oh I
realized I can pay this youtuber a tiny
amount of money and get all this work
and so they're kind of taking the piss
so you have to push back against that
and I think that's true in pretty much
every field like if you are someone
who's like a freelance writer and you're
doing a freelance piece for someone and
they're used to using a big agency and
they go through you and they're like oh
I can get the cheaper no that's not how
it works just cuz you're freelance
there's no reason to charge you less and
there's no reason for them to get away
with with that I understand the need to
like build a portfolio and to feel like
you're being completely tricky on
yourself in the future if you under
charge you really do and like it's not
just about harming other people in the
community which is a very big issue in
any industry but you harm yourself
because you said you've set your rate
low you can always push your rate up but
I think that we all need to really
defend our right to charge high as yonce
creatives I think I don't know and it's
very hard you have to negotiate a lot of
different things and you have to become
a business person without
business training and I think it's
worked quite lucky and that we both have
full-time jobs yeah now we're very aware
not that I am which we're not relying
exactly and I don't want to understate
it like if you feel like you can't
charge very much I completely get that
like I'm not a youtuber with a million
subscribers so I can't go in and say I
want 20,000 pounds for this video I
think the companies are learning the
comments why - yeah I mean not to be
hardened anyone no one knows what the
 is going on
we're all just going we're just going
with it but I do it is really exciting
to see so many really driven creative
people whether that's in the YouTube
community or outside of it
I was rewatching Hanks graduation speech
2009 and I remember watching that and I
was thinking 2009 I think it was about
to graduate from a bachelor's I wasn't
even ready to like go into the real
world
but his video which will link below was
basically he says you are the internet
generation you were the first people
that grew up with the Internet yeah you
have this really unique skill even if
there's nothing else that's that you
have going for yourself when it's like a
special sort of skill maybe if you feel
like you don't know anything you do
because you know the Internet and that
already puts you a drive outside you
know community you know collaboration in
a very deep way the internet for all we
berated and criticized it forward times
is a very good space and a good example
that positive excitement is more
effective than negatives and that you
know applies to everything plays
politics applies to every aspect how by
news time where will we be what we'll be
doing I mean do I have to film it when
I'm back at Christmas or something yes
yeah we'll make it happen
we made this again we promise yeah oh my
god this is so strange
you guys have any questions as usual
little man's a common leave them in the
comments I know a lot of you in past
videos commented said kind of where you
were right in your Germany and in your
crisis and in your search I would love
to hear more about you know what you
guys are up to love to hear more about
it and Godspeed if you're in this hunt
because horrible but we're with you I
love reading the comments of people
saying oh I'm I am in the first video
yes but you guys are now here and I hope
that you know yeah I hope from seeing
that progression in the years time keep
at it
like as you do it you're not environment
you watch out great things you're doing
great things
so yeah you balls on you and thanks very
much to sauna for joining me again with
channel level and I'll see you guys see
bye-bye yeah be donor
