hello everyone so you may remember a few
weeks ago I played to race me Ferguson
about her new book juice well penguin
Random House have now commissioned me to
make this video where I show you a
couple of recipes today I'm going to be
making two juices that look the same it
actually tastes quite different I'm
actually making them in my blender so
I'm making them as smoothies because I
don't have a juicer but I also really
like smoothies because of the fiber that
keep all the kind of integrity of the
fruit and vegetable the two juices were
making today our rainbow juice and
crystal clear look how similar they look
that are completely different also
really to emphasize as with any role in
the kitchen yield one with the power you
can make the decision so for example I
didn't have blue-green algae and I
couldn't really find it in the time i
had so i just used the ingredients which
basically everything that I had on my
fridge already which was wonderful the
great thing about juice which i think i
mentioned in the other videos that it
tells you exactly what each fruit and
vegetables good for so you can
substitute it in around if you don't
have it you can substitute it in or out
if you don't like it and you can also
substitute it in or not if you're trying
to do something in particular if you're
trying to be less bloated or you're
trying to have more energy etc so let's
go through the ingredients for rainbow
do so you will made a handful of spinach
just just one of these half a beetroot
one carrot five strawberries ten
blueberries the juice of half a lemon
and the recipe also calls for but I'm
not using it today two teaspoons of
blue-green algae
so rainbow juice is really give the
regeneration its multivitamins equally
good if you do Pilates or yoga you could
just drink it straight afterwards I
would say that this if you're not really
used to juices of really vegetable II
this is a good gateway juice into that
well if it doesn't taste too much like
vegetables it doesn't taste like you're
eating a be true it does have that edge
still that needs to take down the sugar
levels of really really sweet juices I
don't know how people look sexy while
drinking with straws because I look
pretty stupid hmm but no this is
absolutely delicious for crystal clear
you will need a quarter of a pineapple
which you will obviously peeled and put
it with all the spike of it sends to
beetroots two stalks of celery six
radishes 1tsp rosemary leaves 1 teaspoon
thyme leaves and six sage leaves if
you're passing used to reduce it and be
sure to wrap the Braves Murray other
time inside the savories I also did
that's the blender as well but they can
get all caught up and you know get stuck
and can all get a bit messy crystal
clear it's definitely more vegetable II
if you have a bit more experience with
it all you just want to go in there
first because you're gryffindor then
yeah then try this one it's still not
that intense and I'm always a bit
surprised by how delicious the juices
all because of something in my head I
guess that's still telling me that our
vegetable juices and vegetable smoothies
have to taste really bad and this one is
all about clearing the brain fog so
those of you in exams right now those of
you have a really big long to-do list
that you're ignoring because you're
moving to America and everything's a bit
stressful then go for this fell it was
crystal clear and you have a bit it's
almost like you're you feel like you're
about to drink the be true but then
everything else kicks in which balances
it all out absolutely delicious so yes
juices out now i'll definitely be making
more of them both the summer i'm just
putting them all my instagram stuff so
keep an eye out there if you want to see
more of them also i forgot to mention
peg reminder
give me three companies of juice to give
away so if you are in the UK and Ireland
then leave a comment say you're eligible
and and put also pick your Twitter
handle as well if you have one just cuz
it makes it easier for me to get in
contact with you and yeah you could win
it you could do any juice that's
basically the only entry requirements is
comment all right fire everyone
