hello and greetings from Indianapolis
where I live now today we're not gonna
talk about that bit so we're going to
talk about tampons and periods and
Bloods and all that sort of stuff you
might have seen this week a lot of
people posting pictures of themselves
with tampons holding tampons using the
hashtag just a tampon to try and break
the taboo around the conversation around
tampons and I say a conversation like
that's just one thing going on today I
hope to highlight that there are lots of
different strands to the conversation
that we can like dip into and out of but
that really needs to be addressed and
that in order to do so we need to break
through this kind of shame associated
around sanitary products the campaign is
also seeking to fundraise but plan UK
three pounds is enough to buy a year's
worth of sanitary products for parts of
immense rates in Uganda texting tap one
two seven zero zero zero seven donates
three pounds to the cause and some of
the work that plan D K does in Uganda
involves education around minstrel
hygiene and providing things like
locally made reusable pads when I first
heard about this campaign I really
wanted to get involved because I love
tampons and I also love choice I love
having options around up body I'm
strongly opposed to people feeling
ashamed about their body I'm strongly in
favor of people staying in school past
the age that they begin menstruating and
I also think that the more we inflict
shame on our bodies and on our options
and force a group of people in this case
people here menstruate to accommodate
these outdated structures that are in
place the more we prevent ourselves from
moving forward with opportunities for
everyone some of the worse example of
this of young people in countries where
the social norms dictate that
menstruation is really dirty really
shameful and they also can't get the
products that they need so often a child
would be forced to skip school if
they're moisturizing they were leaking
because they didn't have the right
product so they have to skip school for
4-5 days and eventually they might leave
school also in some communities there's
a lack of education around menstrual
hygiene and people think that
menstruating means that that person's
have sex and then they get through an
hour Austen to really dangerous
situations as well because they're seen
as dirty and use it very much ties into
our attitudes towards sex as shoes
towards marriage as Jews towards
property as you can see it's beginning
to become quite a big entangled web this
of course directly affects the economy
because you're removing from the
workforce people who would've otherwise
stayed in education are instead cast out
by their communities and through this
social shame that envelops them just
because they happen to bleed and what
I'm talking about there's some thinking
that I'm saying all this is there with
something very distant and it's very far
away and these are the most severe cases
which they are I don't want to pretend
that everyone's relationship to tampons
and to sanitary products and the stigma
with periods it's on the same level
because some people are just absolutely
penalized for it but their necks that I
go to at times as someone who is a
pretty bold and confident woman to hide
the fact that I'm getting a tampon up my
bag and somehow employed these secret
agent means to get myself in the tampon
to the bathroom absolutely ridiculous
the state of our shaming is shameful and
because you can't even see a tampon
because god forbid someone might know
that you have one in the area we don't
even talk about any of the issues
associated with periods we just cut
ourselves off from that entirely so
there's the cost aspect for example I'm
not just talking about situations I've
been in the past where your period in
conveniently arrives before payday it's
like it doesn't know and you have to
scrape the barrel to buy some tampons or
some pants or whatever you use just so
that you can feel comfortable going
running or just generally going about
your daily life or any of that
alternatively you dig up some crappy
free knockoff ones that you had for so
many years and don't look like they were
designed to come in contact with
anything let alone be placed up your
vagina and generally provide quite a
miserable experience there was a board
of costs like production especially in
developing countries and infrastructure
and there's the tampon tax the tampon
tax isn't exclusive to the UK big move
it's been made against it in Australia
for example but as a typical Brit I am
going to use that lens through which to
look at it because I feel like there's
been a lot of talk about the tampon tax
and I love reactions to it we're not
really that understanding of where the
tax is at now and so this I think is all
accurate at the time of saying it but
there might be Corrections and I would
look to comments because I'm sure people
will be happy to correct as well so in
1973 in the UK joined the European
Economic Community which is also known
as the common market prior to shifting
to the common market we use something
called purchase tax which basically was
a tax on things that we purchased the
tax was based on the luxury status of
certain items but from 1973 onwards we
had v80 value-added tax so there are
several different rates of which things
subjective ent attacks the standard rate
eighty had gone kind of all over the
place in the last 30 or so years
sometimes it's been 17.5% sometimes it's
been 8% sometimes it's been 10% since
2011 the standard rate of Vig has been
20% but obviously there are a lot of
things that aren't taxed that much
children's clothes most food books
glorious books these things are called
zero rated items because they are taxed
at a v80 rate of 0% and then there's
also the 5% rate which is the reduced
rates this is what the children's car
seats and domestic fuel are charged at
and there's also a variation in when
this tax is applied so there can be
things like all children's car seats are
taxed at 5% or if you are over 60 years
old and you're having mobility aids and
stored in your homes things like chair
lifts or I don't even know exactly what
counts under that but it is things that
help you get around the home then you
will be charged at a five percent rate
rather than the standard rate so you
have 20 percent five percent zero rated
and then you have things that entirely
exempt like museum admission lottery
ticket purchases and really really
essential things like the burial and
cremation of dead people so that's the
range of what's in exempt so that gives
you an idea of the different categories
and you can see the lists of things that
are charged on the different tax rates
on Gulf do you K I'll try to put a link
at the description bar below so back to
the tampon tax so incontinence products
are taxed at a zero percent maternity
pads are charged at five percent in the
reduced rate unless they double up as
incontinence products I believe that's
correct and in which case that they get
the zero percent sanitary products at
the moment are in that reduced rate
category there aren't five percent so
when we say the tampon tax we're not
actually just talking about the tax on
tampons alone its tampons at Sarat hours
its panty liners I think it's also diva
cups and all those are the kind of
variations moon cups so they call them
they don't fall under a luxury category
they do fall under the reduced v80
category but where the EU comes in and
this is that the base rate is five
percent and it's the minimum minimum
absolute minimum base rate you can have
for that category for a new law in
Ireland however sancho products are zero
rated because they were zero rated prior
to the EU introducing minimum rates so
after all this why does it matter why
should actual products be zero rated or
exempt products for me that is the wrong
question it's why should you tax them
not why shouldn't we impose a five
percent tax on
two products but why do we I feel pretty
comfortable saying that everyone who
menstruates needs sanitary products but
I don't want to say that medically
that's just from my understanding of how
menstruation works it is an essential
item it's not luxury it's kind of like
having food it's something that my body
needs in order for me to be able to
function I don't mean that in a
biological sense I'm not pretending that
people indicate man arrow we're using
Tampax but that is something in the
situation we are in today it is an
essential item from my quality of life
and my ability to progress and my
ability to participate so when all of
these people human straight you need
sanitary products is it fair to charge
that tax and for that money to go to the
government or is it yet another example
of a financial penalty a tax penalty it
affects mostly women and people of
non-binary gender I think it's too easy
in this to sit back and say well you
know the EU like if we weren't in the EU
then this whole problem would be solved
that is really socially naive for one
that is pushing the complexity of the
conversation aside that is pretending
that we would feel comfortable talking
about periods and tampons and sanitary
pads in any normal conversation the same
way that we would feel comfortable about
saying I'm gonna go buy somebody role or
I'm going to go buy some broccoli we
need to tackle the way shame around our
bodies our uterus is the way we believe
has been glossed over that shame has
been glossed over and also in a way you
used to tax items that are actually
essential to us I'm very Pro tax but v80
isn't dependent on your income it's not
something that's staggered is not
something that contributes to the equal
distribution of wealth or anything there
and it affects everyone in the same way
except it doesn't because it casts out
these different people these different
niches these different groups for people
who it does penalize as a system it is a
flawed system but I'd love to know your
thoughts on all of this in comments and
if you want to take part in anyway one
thing that you can do is take your
selfie of yourself holding a time for
and using the hashtag just a tampon and
get your friends involved and let's
bring this conversation about tampons
and blood and menstruation and
infrastructure and uterus and shame to
the forefront so that we can progress
thanks very much
see you all soon
you
