friends Romans countrymen lend me your
ears if you're Roman lend me your pizzas
because that's tastier than ears and
yeah I'm gonna get really sidetracked on
that if I don't keep with me on I was
until you tell you I've been keeping a
secret from you the secret is I'm not
writing but I mean I'm worried writing
but I'm not but that's not what the
announcement is and that's not something
that's happening imminently the big
announcement is that I'm moving to the
USA and I am moving on May 25th so I'm
moving in a week and a half
specifically with the help of this
lovely dress I am moving from here to to
Indianapolis which is just falling off
the side of the screen so that was a
really terrible and unhelpful indication
yeah I'm moving business of work I'm
also moving because I've always wanted
to move to the USA more permanently or
at least temporarily more permanently
you're going to be living that for the
next three years and I'm really excited
but I'm also it's suddenly hitting me as
something that's real and I'm glad that
now has a point where I've chosen to
tell you because I feel like that's
going to help a lot with a lot of it I
had this illusion that everything would
be perfectly sorted and prepared and
then I tell you any which is all be
falling into place perfectly of course
that hasn't happened series of setbacks
it's fantastic I'm so excited so
grateful and there's so many wonderful
opportunities to come with that job and
with that role I've been given every
opportunity in my remote assistant
project manager remote whatever you want
to call it Ron I've been doing that for
the last two years and I don't think Jon
or I ever thought that it would be kind
of as successful as it was for me to
work remotely but with the support of
his flexibility but then also with the
technology there are things like Google
Drive and Skype and so on it has made it
really possible but I've also you know
there are limits to how much growth you
can do remove it especially when you're
talking about thousands thousands of
kilometers really and I've also just
been working in my bedroom
essentially for two years by myself and
I'm a really social person so I think
that that's something that I'm kind of
ready just changes seeing do something
differently but yeah I'm really excited
I really I think it's hard especially
live in London to think about why would
you want to move out of London why would
you leave London I've lived here for 23
years and well but the exception of
university like 20 years from 23 it's a
good time to move but I also think that
London is changing a lawn and I can't
really afford to keep living here and
you see all these big luxury towns being
built and no one can afford to live in
them there's just something about that
actually it made me quite sad and I
think it's quite a good point to take a
step back London will always be here
it's like Hogwarts will always be there
to welcome me home I'm very fortunate I
have a passport that allows me travel I
have a visa that allows me to go to the
US and do my work so I'm yeah I'm just
terribly excited for it I'm really
starting to feel that I'm leaving though
it's it's beginning to feel incredibly
real I just have to pack my whole world
into four suitcases and yeah go on with
the day but I sent off my books this
morning I sent six small boxes of books
over to the States and we're gonna
arrive there at the same time but yeah
anyway I just I tell you that as my big
news a really exciting next video as
well and the one after that it's gonna
be really exciting I'm basically
backlogged with editing so I'm just
sitting there knowing that all these
videos I didn't make in Peter I can't
share them yeah I'm excited to share all
those with you and catch up with what
you haven't seen yet just so that you're
prepared so because there's gonna be
quite a few videos coming up I know I
say that a lot but there are okay good
bye
