hey everyone so I tried to watch all the
best picture films from the most recent
Academy Awards before they took place
and I watched about two-thirds of them
including the theory of everything and
that Phil made me think a lot about
disability and agency and consciousness
but also the intersection between women
and carers especially when women are
carers carers and mothers and students
and partners it's almost like women and
multifaceted outrageous I'm a huge fan
of Eddie redmayne's and I loved his
performance in that film but I did feel
like Felicity Jones didn't get enough
attention even though the phone was
adapted from a memoir by Jane Hawking
this one in fact the conversation around
the film seemed to Center on her famous
husband and it starts to feel from
reading these reviews and those
conversations as though Jane walking
were just a passenger on this journey to
infinity rather than a partner more
recently I was invited to a special
screening of the film and Jane Hawking
herself was in attendance and she did a
Q&A after the screening although I don't
think America the film can be found in
its fidelity to the quote unquote true
story because without getting on a star
and philosophy on you what is truth yeah
I think that one over but I was actually
surprised as to how much Jane's speech
and her way of carrying herself was so
much like Felicity Jones in the film
Jane and Felicity's Jane are very
precise quietly powerful and determined
at the Q&A Jane Holcomb spoke about the
lack of support for those with motor
neurone disease and their carers not
least because at any one time there was
so few sufferers around with motor
neurone disease so it's very difficult
to create that support system when it's
most needed when I don't she told that
really stuck out for me was the fact
that she was saying that in the 60s it
was very very rare to see disabled
people out and about like people just
didn't think that happened she wrote to
the city surveyor to ask the kerbs be
lowered so her husband could get around
in his wheelchair and the city severe
responded saying that that was not
reasonable and that he'd never heard of
a disabled person wanting to do their
own shopping I've grown up in a city
where much of the public transport many
of the shops many of the schools aren't
accessible to disabled people so I don't
know how far we've come from that but
the work of people like Jane Hawking who
campaign and write letters and so on is
so valuable and so important and that
really comes through for me and felicity
is Jane especially in the conversations
between Jane and Stephen Hawking's
parents there's a great moment where she
sits down with Stephen Hawking's father
and she very quickly turns the tables
you know he's expecting how to be the
three naive
polite girl who says funny things about
the Arts every now and then but she
really throws down his expectations of
her and I think that that tension there
works fantastically the last big point
in what to talk about was married women
Jane and Steve are no longer married and
the Ark of the theory of everything does
not end in married forever there's a
point in the story where the marriage
gets really crowded but what I love
about that is that even though their
feelings are in flux Jane rejects
outright the judgment of others on her
situation there are some shins their
opinions and they need to provide the
input and feel like they're giving the
solution on this unique situation that
doesn't have a solution Jane is
wonderfully stubborn steadfast heroic
and practical her status as a carer
doesn't remove anything from her her
personhood nor does it make her second
jury and that is what I most loved and
most missed in the media coverage of the
film I love to hear your thoughts in
comments i've also been given three
copies of the theory of everything on
blu-ray and that giveaway is open to
those of you in the UK and ireland I'm
just going to be choosing from people
who've commented and shared the video
and if in your comment and you're
showering you can just leave a little
note to say that you're eligible that
you're entering or whatever makes sense
for you when you're commenting also if
you are commenting on YouTube and you
have a Twitter and please put your
Twitter handle in there as well because
it just makes life so much easier in
contact cuz I'm the worst at figuring
out ways to get in contact with people
after they win things and then I feel
really bad but yeah competition or not
let's all just go in and join the
discussion and I've got a few more of
these savages planned I really want to
make one about the Avengers
pitch-perfect girlhood um salma and some
others as well but if there are any
films and TV shows and things you want
me to talk about the women in then just
let me know in comments loads and loads
and loads of videos coming up and big
news and next one so please stay tuned
and yep I'll see you guys soon bye
