hi everyone I'm here today at the
disasters Emergency Committee to talk to
you a bit about the work they're doing
for Nepal in case you missed it on April
25th hours of 7.8 magnitude earthquake
in Nepal and it's taken over seven
thousand lives that's what we know so
far and 14,000 people have been injured
but the numbers get much bigger than
that when you look at the people who've
been displaced and who are homeless
there's 2.8 million people who've been
displaced that's approximately a third
of London and if you try and visualize
it it's kind of impossible big number to
visualize 800,000 people are still
homeless and 320,000 of those are
children so there's loads of work to do
I don't know how much you guys know
about the layout of Nepal but there's a
lot of errors a really remote from
landslides and from both sides and
things like that it's really hard for
aid workers to get there and so that's
been a huge challenge for him so when
the news of the earthquake first came up
on Twitter and on the news there was a
real sense of urgency from all of us
right we all want to pitch in we wanted
to find out ways to help but it's been
10 days to two weeks and that
sensibility has kind of fallen off a bit
we're not hearing about it as much in
the news we're not seeing everywhere but
what we have to remember is that for the
people of Nepal that sense of urgency is
going to last the next 5-10 years as
they try to rebuild their lives as they
put schools back together as they try to
reach the remote areas where they can't
get to and the health system was already
really stretched and so it's hard to
imagine the scale of work things to be
done but we do have to imagine it
because we do have to help out to give
you some idea of the scale the
earthquake it was the worst earthquake
informant experience in 81 years so it's
a colossal amount of devastation so how
can you have well the disasters
Emergency Committee is actually made up
of 13 member agencies and those are
probably charities you will have heard
of charities like zamak relief and save
the children an Oxfam a lot of those
charities were already working in the
pool so know the area very very well but
obviously this presents a huge new ream
of challenges that they have to tackle
your help will provide everything from
supply kits blankets and hygiene kits
all the way up to things like emergency
hospitals and getting the right people
on the ground you can administer the
medical help that these people need as
you might have seen on the news this
week a lot of the victims of the Nepal
earthquake face crush syndrome which is
basically wouldn't
organs can fail and also separately
there are many instances of head trauma
of broken bones have had no medical
attention and need that attention
urgently so you can donate by going to
the Dec website which is DC or UK if you
are text to donate sort of person you
can text the word donate to 70 000 I'll
put that under my face right now and
that donation of course with a bill
payers permission will donate five
pounds on your next bill and I know your
people the internet you love paypal so
if you go to dec two orbs at UK that is
another option in another way you can
donate to provide some context for what
your donation will do 25 pounds which is
basically a meal out with friends right
we'll give clean water to for families
for one month if you're able to donate a
bit more 100 pounds will provide
emergency shelter for five families and
if you can't raise that much on your own
maybe get together with friends and see
how much you can raise there are so many
different statistics the facts and
figures i could give you about the
people who are affected but what's
important to remember is that these
aren't the statistics these are people
they've lost their whole lives they've
lost their livestock they've lost their
homes there's lots of memories and it's
an unimaginable scale of loss as well so
I really hope that you join me in
supporting their Dec in their work to
support the victims of the Nepal
earthquake and now and you might see
these on other channels and on other
people's instagrams and things as well I
go to making them dolla as part of an
international show of support and
solidarity with the Nepalese people
so I'm here now with the CEO of the
disasters Emergency Committee sila and
I'm just going to ask you a bit about
the work you guys have been doing within
Apple quake what are your priorities
right now for the DfE on the ground in
the pool yeah so our member agencies
would be now making sure that we
prioritize to reach as many people as
possible lost their food supplies
they've lost their water supply they've
lost everything so it is essentially
about keeping people safe and helping
them survive the next few weeks so I
members would be distributing tents and
earthlings to make sure that people get
warm and dry blankets and mattresses but
also clean water and also multiplication
tablets so essentially for the next few
days and weeks it's reaching as many
people as possible with that kind of
eight and then obviously we'll open up
the
the distributions to impede more longer
terms and how has their remoteness on
these locations presented a challenge
well it's been a huge challenge Nepal is
a very beautiful mountainous country
with very windy roads so a lot of those
rooms have either being completely
damaged or a blocked because of the so
trying to manage all that and try to
reach even after thousands for the 8
million people that have been effective
is a complete challenge but we are
reaching people already in the first
week of this appeal yeah I members have
reached over 87,000 people with
life-saving air support such as a filter
the shelter and a lot of the member
agencies have set up inflatable
hospitals and remote medical sites how
do they get the medical staff they need
to reach places this is all about the
plan this earthquake in Nepal had been
predicted because of the fault lines
below people from the ideas so many of
our agencies were already in the call
for many years before that preparing for
this kind of disaster hospitals would
have been reinforced schools and being
forced to hopefully stop them from
company
logistics and supply lines would have
been all pre-planned we have upped when
this happened we would all be in a
better place to make sure which is many
people as possible but that doesn't mean
that it's easy but still huge challenge
and I mention the roads are blocked and
that airport is finally difficult to
come okay and and do you see it as being
a five year tenure challenges well sadly
what the earthquake destroyed in 60
seconds is going to take many many years
en rebuild we will be certainly been
working there for the good few years to
come our program to be funding a member
exists at least three days but i imagine
that agencies will be working in the
pool for decades to come to rebuild with
a mcrib includes the difficulty with a
disaster like Nepal is that its massive
it's so big that none of us individually
can get on top of it the idea that whole
communities have been obliterated
sometimes leaving one father one mother
one-child families devastated no
survivors one survivor sometimes and you
think of the scale of the need and yet
the reporting of what's happening there
doesn't key to keep up with the need and
as a result with terribly apt to forget
in fact it's almost too painful to think
that these are humans like us who have
homes have love and suddenly this
terrible thing and what can we do is
kind of keep up that human aspect in the
forefront of our minds when we think
about disasters like this well it's
actually very easy for us because we can
use the social network and and we can
keep people posted and I think I think
people are are reachable and definitely
responding but we just have to keep it
going because you know we we were
amazing with Haiti the largest some ever
raised virtually and yet it was a
country none of nobody knew anything
much about here's Nepal or country
people know a little bit more about
because of Everest and we've got to beat
Haiti we've actually got to do this
we've got to lift this beyond anything
anybody
see this is the greatest need a
neighbors have been challenged to it in
recent times and we here today at the
disasters Emergency Committee and I keep
it talked a bit about the gc's work and
your big sporting thing well the do you
see is an amazing amalgam of the key
great agencies in this country Christian
Aid Oxfam you know it's invidious to
mention names everybody is part of it
all the big charities and everybody
pulls together to use this money as
creatively as possible actually each of
these great agencies has a particular
proclivity you know it's very good water
or is very good at family reconciliation
and trying to get them into places to
live and all the rest of it so the whole
the whole thing is wonderfully joined up
if anybody ever wanted to talk about
joined up relief joined up aid bc is it
and you think it's the future of aid
relief as well as you make the present
with organizations like this it has to
be because i think only by pooling all
our efforts of course we all keep our
little territories in terms of how we
reach our own communities to raise money
but at the end of the day we have to
pull together work out who's best of
what and then apportion that money that
we raised to the best experts thank you
so much if you want to support the
appeal go to DC to all don't UK today 85
pounds with permission from the bill pay
you can text donate to 7000 thanks very
much
thank you
you
