hello everyone as you may know I was at
the VIP press and lush staff opening of
lush Oxford Street it is absolutely
amazing by the way but I did ask whether
you guys would be interested in seeing
what came in the lush goodie bag that I
got at the end of the day and you said
yes and you said it wouldn't be
obnoxious there's loads of really fun
treats and some packets that I haven't
yet opened does this bag which is what I
bought at lush I didn't realize that
there was a 50% press discount and just
pay full price but it's fine I'm happy
to support the company also because I
got this amazing goodie bag of lush
goodies so I can't really complain about
not getting the discount when they gave
me all these treats which I'm gonna run
through today so I was there in rugged
capacity it was very excited to get my
lush lanyard so first to go through what
I bought this is actually suddenly had
me demonstrate on my tour to be any
other day when we first saw the lush
store its ultra blast it's tooth powder
so instead of toothpaste instead of
toothpaste packaging and it's got mint
watercress and wasabi and what you
basically do is you take your toothbrush
and you wet it push it into the powder
in there and you just brush your teeth a
bit my teeth are really really clean
after it and funnily enough I was just
running out of toothpaste so it seemed
like the perfect opportunity to buy
ultra blast and they've got loads of
different ones and they have tablets too
but for me I don't really like the
tablets very much Sarah man that we've
got the powder now like this in this
packaging like like so something you
definitely would have seen all over my
Instagram and my Twitter I'm a tumbler
of these solid lipsticks drums so
excited about theirs boss which is any
red reddish orangish color which I adore
if you want to see what it looks like
just go check out my Instagram there's
tenacity which I'm actually wearing
right now which is kind of a almost
shimmery pink really bright as I like it
and perfect for summer so I'm really
excited to get loads of different colors
and shades and all sorts like nude
shades Brown shades bright red shades
everything you could dream of this is
tangled which is a hot oil treatment
they demonstrated this in the day as
well and you basically filled up a
beaker or something with hot water and
you swish it all around in the hot water
kind of like if you've seen this hot
chocolates on the stick it's not as
quite fresh actually it's not
surprisingly fresh it's got what's it
going it's got loads of different stuff
its self-preserving olive oil and orange
flowers citric acid rosewood oil lots of
different way
oily goodness to get your hair shining
and feeling really soft and well treated
so and we definitely try that without
because my hair tangles in about five
seconds then there's jazzy bounce which
is big hair with a whole lot of Swing
this one's got egg in it so it's not
vegan it's got egg lemon sea salt and
linseed again the smell is pretty fresh
it's quite gloopy and surprisingly clear
as well I'm going to be giving that one
to someone because I don't really use
egg products in my hair but yet such my
own find out from them what they thought
about jazzy balance is worth noting at
this point that the new lush job has 214
I think new products and so these are
mainly some of those products kind of
body soap Bergamo bushu and Olly Barnum
I don't know man
could respect your elders you realising
my grandmother event and not in a bad
way and kind of like like a warm home
rich sort of way and then this one
helpfully says a little dragon bubble
bar oh my goodness there's going to go
litter absolutely everywhere I'm so bad
at knowing smells but it smells ceremony
I think then there's a body spray uptown
funk in the tradition of them naming
things appropriately it says stop wait a
minute try this break and the fragrance
in it girls get ready to hit your
hallelujah sebacic trees these they had
a huge format lush history and these are
kind of like little hand versions these
are hand and body soaps they look like
the monopoly place bugs this tree it
just sounds like lush bath bomb smell or
something
oh it does say it says combining the
most loved lush fragrances on into one
unforgettable soap I don't I'm so bad
describing smells but it smells exactly
like when you walk into lush and that
amazing overwhelming smell I think of
the two soaps that one's my favorite
this one is definitely suitable for
vegans because I saw it in its big form
in the last shop they have huge sizes of
all of their bottles that no sharks
history as well as a shampoo use of
things like their shower creams like
this I'm going to open it up to give it
a really good sniff and it's good it
smells like chocolate and orange like a
Terry's chocolate orange or some things
but it's kind of lighter than that it's
not as rich and I didn't really like
orange chocolate but this one smells
really yummy funnily enough I just
looked up the description it says yes it
smells like chocolate orange no you
can't eat it and the main ingredients in
this are cacoa Tonko grapefruit and
bergamot oil
burgum oils record Moyles but just the
color I think it's the best thing about
it to be honest
the smell is delicious but the color is
so bright and fun and exciting
I spend maybe a bit too much time
thinking about the aesthetics of my
bathroom
oh my gosh it's just a bag of balls
these are inspired by the bath beads
that used to sell the body shop that
kind of like in a bigger form this is
really delicious this is lime and I
absolutely love lime I can't work out
what else is in it is fantastic and I
think all the things that I saw was sort
of iridescent in some way because I had
a lovely little shine and paralyze
nature to the bath without having that
like weird plasticky stuff floating
around the bath if you ever use the body
shop bath beads you'll know what I meant
about it and this is the lasso which I
actually knew was in here this is the
experiment which is if you've seen the
amazing lush video with all the colors
and powders it's absolutely beautiful
they basically made a bath bomb that
would imitate that and but it's
incredible at work there's so much color
in it and as someone who loves color and
also loves structure and loves them and
all the things this is a dream for me
abso this is the experimenter it has
lots of shines and shimmers and glitter
and happiness and joy if I hadn't moved
the amazing lipsticks this would be my
favorite product of the day but yeah
isn't it incredible
it sounds like bad word like cat wires
or something it's really I mean so yeah
thanks for putting up with my obnoxious
goodie bag haul to let me know in
comments if there's any products that
really tickled your fancy or anything
else you'd like me to review because I
would really love to go through all the
different lipsticks show you all of them
and share with the different colors I
think it'd be really fun but maybe
that's a project for another time
alright see you guys soon bye
