hi everyone it's might be able to tell
by it my happiness but also by the lie
on my face it is a very sunny day here
in London my mom's coming over for lunch
today so I thought I'd teach you a
recipe that she made me growing up if
you're like me you always have a jar of
red lentils hanging around but most of
the time they don't really do anything
I love lentils but I don't eat them
nearly as much as I should and hence
always have a little jar like this red
lentil soup is a good example of how I
cook and how I learn to kick which is
kind of a controlled chaos the good
thing about it is that it doesn't have
to be really precise and there's loads
of room for variation you can have
really liked thickly chopped vegetables
to make it really chunky and kind of
more like a stew or a casserole put more
chili less chili different spices
whatever you want it is yours for the
modifying this recipe it's also the
perfect candidate for batch cooking if
you batch cook something on the weekends
or one of the weekday mornings you
Tupperware it up in your French it is
ideal and it also means that you're not
so tempted to run out to wagamama at
7:00 p.m. not that dashing to wagamama
is always a bad thing but I think you
find yourself saving a lot more money
and also a lot more time if you just
batch cook things at the weekend and
always have stuff to go to my mom is a
fantastic cook so she told me all the
things I know about cooking if its
water-based and I'll bill it dry then
add water to heat it up if it's cream or
milk based a new screen will look to
heat up but okay
let's get started first recipe you will
need 3 carrots 3 6 of celery 1 clove of
garlic sometimes you can use cheap like
I did today 1 medium onion 1 tin of
chopped tomatoes or you can use fresh
tomatoes if you're being super healthy
about it whichever spices you choose and
access to water you also need some sort
of oil whether that's olive oil or
rapeseed oil I'm going to use this look
who's a that my sister picked up a car
boots up 5 pounds or something they're
these amazing pasta ones at the moment
which I absolutely love but you can also
just use a frying pan and a saucepan you
doing big fancy fish the first thing
you're going to do is fry the onion and
garlic in the oil until it's transparent
then you'll add one tin of the chopped
tomatoes and you'll fry that all
together then take your empty tin of
chopped tomatoes and fill up with water
and add that to the mix if your brains
are getting ulcers they won't tip to
counter the acidity would be to add a
pinch of bicarbonate of soda just make
sure you stir this in until the froth
all dissipates then add two cups of red
lentils
and then add the carrots and the celery
and leave them until they're all cooked
and that's it literally that's all you
need to do it is so easy you can also
add coriander or parsley but I don't
really say just have fun with it
trust yourself trust your taste tasted a
few times as you go along hope you all
enjoy the rest of your day and I
realized I haven't actually shown off my
guest whale t-shirt that I designed and
that is not for sale dftba records and
it's probably my favorite thing that
I've ever designs I have to say other
than I love to be kind to yourself
poster as well I know lots of you have
already bought t-shirts so if you
haven't showed me already then please
tweet me a picture of you wearing yours
because it's just yeah looks like they
everything to see it makes me so happy
or Instagram or whatever like will send
it to me by carrier pigeon you know I
mean pigeon will always like me the
pigeons know okay see you bye
