hello everyone so the other week Ebury
press gave me the opportunity to
interview rosemary Ferguson who wrote
this book juice which is out today in
true rosy on the interview fashion the
sound isn't perfect I'm working on it
I'm trying to get there with my
interviews but I really hope you enjoy
it at such great conversation with
resume within the context of me seeing
so many people pushing on detox fit
tease things that just don't seem like
very healthy approaches to food and diet
rosemary promotes an understanding of
food what food can do for you but also a
sort of free plain food in fact that
conversation she talked about kind of
empowering the consumer and if they
didn't like the taste of a vegetable or
a fruit then they can swap it out with
something that performs the same
function because many of us to grow our
own food or have that interaction with
what we eat we've become quite alienated
from it
and not only does that result in a lack
of empathy for the people who are
creating that food but it also means
that we don't have an understanding of
what food really does as food is grown
in different ways and grown to certain
tastes so grown to be sweeter we just
don't have that same understanding of
food so it was really refreshing to talk
to rosemary about juice and I hope you
enjoy the interview with my dad we're
very rarely just love this love the
juices even look like just food to you
cuz they feel really fine to us even if
you mean it I'm not perfect he knocks
off an amazing impact a distant world
come
and Thank You Toby brilliant now with
this distance it would be really good
for Nativity very nervous but this is
available in Surrey yummy tasty
pineapple
it wasn't easy beeping life
