this is now day 3 of classes every
morning and resting of course having
birthdays but today is not a birthday
today is a go go go day and right now
I'm off to a meeting at the bookseller
for the young adult book prize and then
from there we will just continue on a
crazy adventure but let's get started
because time is running out people
as I might be able to tell from the
aggressive sunshine unified
bravia Madoka
good point I'm in the judging room at
the bookseller and we just picked the
winner which I can't tell you now it's
all a mystery really I'm Aramaic and I'm
a fellow judge yeah pretty excited and
now i'm on my way to pick up my ticket
for insurgent which means i am in
Chinatown much anything with our export
together actually but it's really go
around here
I picked up my ticket and I'm now or
email to the ground and we need to get
some essential items on let's get party
fever so that my feet they pull apart-er
syrtis can you advantage card kind
acknowledged insert cash all select
payment type in there to complete
transaction enter your PIN please take
your card thank you also I'm here and
I'm disclosed location with Warren
Xavier tension just give me a
construction he was Lauren we're at
hashtag instead of life and one shailene
woodley I was going to be speaking such
big hand feel and local rock as
well to really enjoy ya day continues
has game is good yeah yes are you doing
tired and shailene woodley working on
this film that's a good question 6 yeah
what you said you wanted change quite a
lot over don't give you you know
everyone does out of the year so you so
much yeah it's actually your own kind of
personal change in whatever happens to
you in the year for your character name
is Lydia and that you can you go over
tea and change
Antoinetta coordinate could you bring a
piece of yourself to every character
satyr booking Chicago live in Chicago
grow up in Chicago windy day ronnie yeah
yeah it that cold but you film the first
movie in Chicago but that obviously as
you said what was the reason for
changing cities for the filming in the
second and he has been driven to text
yeah I really do look the state of
California American simply because
there's southern covering the desert is
on the California the red were to find
so you're finally the ocean sort of us
everything you need for as far as nature
goes and also people tend to be really
great Alomar now I find fun
yeah slough yes your order of preference
list in this room is phenomenal although
twice goes it that's not only voices
plays your mom yes you don't like my mom
on yes you know the joke is opposite is
she was mad when she had me yeah but in
all seriousness she we got I liked the
idea of her no no no she said she's
obviously a prolific actress and very
good but i think the age thing the idea
of a 16 year old mother having a child
and then having an abusive father I
Marcus and then kind of being forced to
you know we're basically running away
kind of made sense because a gives her a
little bit of empathy you do understand
that but also it gives her a whole
history or kind of very decked out of
darkness I'm singing like okay divergent
there's a ferris wheel crazy and when
you're like I should never be really
really compelled by the fact that Tris
wasn't strong to begin with
youyou saw her journey and you saw her
the first book to me reminded me of
serve that next a question that all of
us go throughout our entire lives which
is who are we apart from our families we
look like what defines us when we aren't
defined by our childhoods anymore or by
the walls restrictions that we've grown
up with and how are we going to live in
the world without the barriers and
protection of those that we were
comfortable around this children base of
their relationship is is always there
more partners than lovers and favorite
colors for one another and they held
each other high they supported one
another after getting through the
discomfort in beginning of their
relationship and it felt very real and
it felt it felt a great example reason
parkinson you so much John overview I
was particularly excited about about
look at these wonderful human beings um
Shaylee because i had seen her act
before i knew that we've made a
particular kind of person could capture
traces pulled his strength and
vulnerability intention
I'm still feel he's cool if I stop there
that'll be really tired no feel is able
to get pores it's sort of a similar
thing actually like the poor is a
powerful character he is incredibly
strong but not at the expense of other
people's strengths and I think having a
kind of quiet quiet hour is something
that I really wanted I think the others
everyone that kind of quiet presence was
was really lovely so now
let's do this so I'm mi sister spring
which is better lighting I'm pretty much
ready to go okay we've got a black silk
jumpsuit from Topshop it does Stefan
topshop a necklace from Topshop shoes
from kurt geiger i don't know how well
you can see those but they're just like
a court with a gold detailing at the
front and yeah I'm super excited to go a
little group
