hi everyone so recently see since the
beginning of winter I feel like I've
been in a bit of a funk and my video
quality has gone down as a result but
from now and it's spring I'm high energy
the Sun is out everything is wonderful
let's get back to business so today's
video is going to be tips for people who
want to start clearing out because as
you know that's basically the only thing
I'm thinking about at the moment I
haven't been able to think about
anything else really I think there are
eight tips over it them down in my Alice
in Wonderland notebook the first one is
to get out of the just-in-case mentality
look I know we all fear there zombie
apocalypse but if the zombie apocalypse
is happening I'll be really going to
have time to get out of six tens of
tomatoes or in my case twelve allen keys
allen keys that you use in IKEA and to
build things I love allen keys but I
didn't realize I loved them so much that
I needed 12 of them this applies to
basically everything in my room whether
that's notebooks or clothes or whatever
else I have so much stuff or had so much
stuff then I kept just in case of XYZ
well how about I give it to a charity
shop or give it away to a friend so that
someone who actually needs it right now
can use it rather than keeping it for
someone who might need it at some point
in the future but probably way secondly
I've mentioned this kind of a few times
but don't think of it as a one-stop
process you don't come in into a spring
cleaning and then you're done forever
it's an ongoing process as I said lastly
you might feel differently about that
thing in six months time secondly you
might outgrow it thirdly with tax
documents and things after five years
you don't need to keep them so at that
point you can get rid of them so there's
just lots of different reasons why you
should come back to it but I think a lot
of it is just to keep your room in
motion and keep your belongings i motion
keep yourself in motion number three the
satisfaction of getting rid of bigger
things like for example my huge Ikea
bookcase that is such a great feeling
but it is also satisfying and important
to look through the little thing one big
thing that falls into this category for
me is looking through my wallet because
no LT cards are something that really
stack up
I had a coaster card and my rate Rose
card and I used a scarlet exactly once
and probably won't use them ever again
so I just got rid of those and then if
you have a car that has loads of points
on it and you don't necessarily want to
keep it again ask around your friends
say does anyone go to this place a lot
do you want this card I don't think that
any of your belongings
aren't part of this process everything
is number four with regards to clothes
and shoes and bags in particular I think
it's important to approach it with the
attitude of do I love this is this
something
that I absolutely adore but also if you
have you know uniform restrictions and
work uniform or or school uniform then
it can make things a little bit harder
you and you don't exactly necessarily
love your summer dress you have to wear
for school that has a zip down the front
and rips every time you move just know
you have one life wear what you love if
you can five if helpful give yourself
target numbers this might not be helpful
for everyone but for me it was really
helpful with the book situation to put
cleanse as it were I gave myself a
target of 50 books for me that was
really helpful because it just made me
really focused about it and it will such
as many I ended up reading more books
and I've read in many many years just
because I just really wanted to get to
that God look if you give yourself a
numbered Nelvana just you want to keep
or a number of t-shirts you want to keep
and that's helpful for you then I think
that that can be a good way to do it
number six okay so you decided you want
to keep something does it need to be
kept in its current form i whittled down
a DVD collection the dvds I had left was
still taking up a little bit too much
space so I just got one of these DVD
folders it's from Muji it holds 80 CDs
like you got like you're Sherlock you're
Veronica Mars etc it's just like a
really compact way another thing that
I've done which may shock some people
and upset them severely is that with
sign books that I didn't want to keep
but with still things that were echoes
and things that were important to me
things I love but didn't necessarily
feel they need to keep anymore because I
could gather out of a library or I could
borrow it from someone I ripped out the
sign page and kept it and again yes that
might be upsetting some people but to me
it was a good way for it 7 it's a pretty
basic when you're clearing out you tend
to put things into piles right or boxes
or bag throwaway pile giveaway pile give
away to friends pile and recycle pile or
at least that's how I tend to do it you
can also have like a revisit in two
months books as well with all that stuff
where possible if you can take the
recycling especially in the throw away
stuff and the charity shop stuff on the
same day all those same weekend then
that will I think really help your
motivation and now it's gone into the
world and it just becomes part of that
same like ongoing train of thought and
ongoing process of getting rid of things
and it feels amazing at 8:00 here are
some things that you might not think you
need to go through go through cables
what is it for label it up put it in a
box there's anything you don't need to
add that to a giveaway pile make up is
it expired when was the last
use that nail varnish do you like these
colors are these colors part of another
set do you really need two sets of those
colors jury same thing when did you last
use them are you keeping it because it
has a nostalgic or emotional attachment
to someone and is there something else
in your room that also reminds you of
that person and between those things
what would you prefer to keep to remind
you of that person you don't have to
just pick one but I think it can be
helpful to pick just one note books I
didn't realize how many black note books
I have which is great because now I'm
gonna use them because I use notebooks
or not Oh notebooks I'd used about three
pages on and then given up and then the
last thing to look through that I've
found really helpful is pens what pens
are working pens and pencils and things
like that like a lot of them have dried
out like a lot of my highlighters have
dried out just make sure you're just
keeping things that are working rather
than just keeping essentially rubbish
those are my eight tips for a spring
clean and a summer clean and then autumn
clean and winter clean and let me know
your tips and comments and yeah goodbye
this is see you go see Brighton Rock I
missed you
