dear me first and foremost please get
some sleep you're staying up until 2am
and then waking up at 6am so that you
can work your socks off even more you
are literally just doing voluntary work
time constantly and getting to school
early so you can work loads and just
working all the time I am in awe of your
work ethic but nothing is worth burning
yourself out for which you're probably
going to do if you stay down this track
I know that this is all part of feeling
like you're not good enough this school
for your friends or for your own
sky-high expectations and but you are
enough and there are so many people who
look out for you and you love you if
you're 13 right now you're going to have
a pretty difficult year and some of the
people you thought your friends are
going to write mean things about your
line but you get through it because
you're strong because you realize you
have other friends who treat you well
and because you demand respect for
yourself and because you have your
friends online who are there for you
there is great power in online community
there is great power in enthusiasm there
is great power and being able to find
ways to express yourself and say what
you actually feel so please don't be
ashamed of any of that and I'll tell you
a secret that probably breaks all the
rules of time travel when your friends
find out about your vlog down the line
they think it's really cool and they
want to start one too so there we go
like it all turned out okay lastly drink
lots of water eat your greens and don't
subscribe to the idea that in order to
look good or fit in or exercise some
sort of control over your life you have
to deny yourself and your body
nourishment if this is something you're
struggling with which yes you are then
speak to someone you can trust because
they can help you and there is ZERO
shame and asking for help you are a
lioness you are ferocious I love you
love me
