hi everyone so I'm here in Bethnal Green
Academy with patrick ness I wonderful or
perpetual now to where it talked about
his new book the rest of us just live
here please tell me a little bit I could
good let me see so many books ye books
are about being chosen one I totally get
that it's whole point being a teenager I
three is it you feel different
separately I think that's even the part
where kids even once we seem to be on
surface I'm doing do great everybody
feels different so all of these why
books about being chosen brilliant
because they take that feeling of being
different and they say it's not weakness
its strength yeah power that's fantastic
my thumb every book now is kind of about
the Joseph so I let all those people
don't feel like the chosen and what I
don't even feel like they're the ones
we're gonna be picked be you don't see
themselves in their stories may be
exactly what were the kind of books that
you read to grow enough that happens Oh
see now this will automatically make you
look much older than Mike credibly
youthful appearance suggests but that
was such a stupid sliver for what is it
exists now you know Judy Blume genius
but not on one else that was great
always great little brains you know so
she could work people like that but why
I know you can yeah you can we can skip
right ahead to stim cake okay so maybe
you should reveal the cover of Danny of
it yeah okay it's I'm so hot off the
press it isn't it doesn't even have any
special effects on that what you will
when it's probably this is what
go for okay to the spine it's all fine
yeah it's all it don't mean something I
don't mean something but I don't wanna
give anything away yeah so and if we if
there any change between now when this
video goes up or my face right now you
see the new cover he has a really
graphic comments as well for your books
really and more than this in particular
when a very design and go I love the
idea of the factors of a focus an object
just think of you oh yeah and I think
that's beautiful and there's also
another thing you pirate all of my
covers a big graphic covers route rather
than figurative that the only figure on
any of my book covers of monster black
and I to naturally importance I don't
want to have a boy or a girl at at once
to even apply the Pacific that's kind of
doing it yes I read that way so I've
said this is a book this is the feeling
of you might want to everyone yeah yes I
mean people to join Democrats cover yeah
cool fernanda ask what is your idea of a
hero you could go in with a big one but
no that's very kind of think at any
decent good person who's trying to
become trying to trying to work to be a
better person to join too
contrary to to their instincts yeah I
think that's a rope I mean ostentatious
arrows is you know it's great the world
needs that but most of us just and I'm
saying toward my life philosophies just
do your best to try to be Deckard yeah
and and that to me is kind of her right
now because we have all these instant
all these selfish ends things all these
situations where we could easily just
stay small stay out of the way and I
never being not participating that's
what make that choice that's kind of
full life so Chris Pratt born is and
beef is a great listener us why you're
currently drawn to whitey looks like
more than this and the rest of us flew
here that center around things that we
tend to think about knock discuss not
going to think well they better write
this cuz people like this it's through
yourself it's quiet if I'm interested in
it that's why Mike's you could run into
this a little bit but Jacobs do you
think about apocalyptic dystopian novels
for my imagination and real world
compassion what do you think they said
one quite has de or nor those actually
jerseys voice said that you know
dystopias are basically seconds
now they're all about the world's
changed Society has rules that you have
to follow the explain to its divided
your friends who are loyal bills this
again since high school it's very
accurate yeah and so it's an emotional
representation of a lot of the guys to
either or i'm just to have this purpose
or that nervous I think it's just saying
this is what life feels so let's let's
explore that and what would your part in
this particular version of that's what
it's allowing you to live different
choices where you find your story yeah
and who would you be because I mean the
best that's why officials certainly
invites you in it makes it space it says
who would you be on the obvious choice a
quarter or house would you be it's the
most it's a simplest question but
everybody knows yes anybody with what
house wouldn't you be quickly done Oh
everybody says I'm quite a fine yeah
yeah Tyler totally be ready bro yeah i
mean i thought that possum infringing
you'd rather
but only to care about the house couple
um but that that's what it does it
invites you it yes how would you
experience this view if your face
minutes and that's what all
professionals Gabriella us often times
the race sexuality etc of your character
is it described yes sometimes it plays
in porter on the narrative how do you
decide to leave up the reader's
imagination well this is actually really
interesting because I I've had this very
conversation with myself it was
important to me in the night from never
letting go that everyone feel welcome
and so I purposely didn't purposely well
there's two reasons for that purposely
left everyone I'm described as because I
wanted you to be able to imagine
yourself from there but also Todd would
describe that was my role we I've tied
with the book would never say anything
that talk was insane and I thought okay
this is the I want to make sure everyone
but it had interestingly had sometimes
the opposite effect and they soon
because I look a certain way that there
for every character also looks that way
see but that's not what I wanted and so
in two I made a point to describe the
few characters just to say no no I'm
aware I've seen a world lolz and even
though I'm only describing some of it I
do see this world that's not it's not a
single kind of mobile writing so just
enough to make everyone feel welcome and
of course when it's important it's
important and because we can pretend
that it's not important sometimes for
good reason some batteries it's
important so um it depends I mean yeah I
don't want to ride oh I never want to
write a lesson if you're saying that
you're writing the truth about the world
and you're not reflecting what the worm
actually looks like and that's also
about and so that's kind of my approach
to try sometimes you get right sometimes
you get wrong put a few bad yeah and you
can tell my reaction of readers and
early readers and what the computer file
if you're paying attention to a store
it's gonna have exactly the way people
in it you just got to be open-minded
enough to allow the whole world I think
social tracking the last question before
we get on to some would you rather 'he's
allows that year and some like nice
about its mike says do you feel a sense
of responsibility in brighton yaa
especially if you've grown hilarity ah
boy investor this arrived I'm these are
all from young readers yeah I think
they're often teen readers kind of
readers are right for and it's
interesting because um I get these
questions from adults
when they come from sort of much much
older readers they tend to have a kind
of conservative feel to them
responsibility role model exactly the
way it is on and I bet when they come
from the actual readers so it's clear
they actually tend to come from the
other side a little bit you know and I
think that's great i think that's okay i
think i think that's how it should be
the idea of responsible one way or the
other absolutely but it's not what you
might think is it's so I feel a
responsibility to tell the truth as best
I can that's it I don't feel a
responsibility to teach preach or preach
one where they are all right cause
that's just death to astoria its death
part but I do for responsibility to tell
the truth as I see it because I think
the process is reversed i think you know
I'm the mole person I care about things
things are important to me I believe
things really really strongly so
therefore a story that I'm excited to
tell I have to trust has all of those
things in it so all the all these
questions are diversity it's simply not
i don't believe in much emily is really
diverse yeah justjust their family
members and so I have to trust that I'm
going to be attracted to stories contain
what I care about in the end cut our if
you're listening to what you really want
to write it's all gonna be there so my
feel my responsibility tell the truth
about that i'm d'lai
when in the teen books when I was
growing up they're all very very lessons
lessons sermons and hate event so I want
to tell the truth about as far so that
when too much info it's good I believed
is on the line but I think if I'm paying
attention to the truth of the story it's
going to every cortical lesson that I
want but it's not going to be a less
exposed hopefully it's good future so
it's a little reverse process start with
the storage you will get unless you
never never stop the list or yellow
stones no just be invested and nobody
went straight to us and I don't want to
write us I want to tell a story and if I
tell the best story that I can one that
I care a lot of the most true as
possible way everything about you is
very good ok now we're going to do some
bookish would you rather switch there's
on every Jewish their focus kara first
one comes from William Phillips very on
topic would you rather be a protagonist
in a book for secondary character it
depends on the book secondary characters
I tend to really lower secondary
variants I mean my favorite character in
all chaos walking is worth so I didn't
love the people who serve set aside some
problems they get that reduce my poor
Emily Jean asks would you rather be
hiding and have the driver find you or
aaron parrett driver is without first
the drivers careful Erin you probably
get to target there it is us then I
guess I'm sorry for denouncing it wrong
and would you rather be forced to only
read one genre the rest of your life or
never be able to read more than one book
at once they're getting everything about
the particular reading as soon as you
pick up and start another is wrong where
are those two choices I would say the
genre one as I was like pick the genre
exactly how I devil I told you
literate or weds and she was asked he
will do us would you rather meet your
favorite food that will meet your
favorite character um authors are almost
always disappointing in person it's an
exception looking the person I've always
wanted to meet most would you be Martina
Navratilova and she's neither of those
things who's that now she's uh she's so
probably the greatest tennis player done
just a great person and activist and
just say right lost total hero totally
right I totally take the back of each
even telling me to be good so let's say
off the record you go do you believe
should come hang out with us but Jason
asks would you rather wait a bit no
characters or a book from their diver
well you can't do the former so what
after the second is the latter what
without characters would be what exactly
Jason what do you mean they're all right
just being smart ass Sammy's for us
let's know in common okay who fits in
the wild if you had to choose would you
rather only white trilogy sort of a we
might stand the most ever by fortunately
I don't have to choose yeah but only
semblance yeah the trilogy was great
great fun and so overt work yeah much
work they stole is but it's more
important on it this is an active circle
and end on cuz the most important
attitude I think you can after writing
is that the only person who decides what
you write mark and the publishing my
friends not what respect to view reserve
the right to write anything nobody
particularly asked me to write the
screenplay to mr. calls for example I
just wanted to do it and I thought now
I'm going to do it but I think I can't
hear it so I'm going to do it and i've
you know I for me nonfiction different
journalism other than that other
screenplays mr. other books after war my
books so that's really important don't
let anybody anybody anybody tell you
what to write and don't meet any with
not join either they do try to tell you
what you can't right now great well
thank you so much chalk manifested this
crap why doin out yeah that's right very
good comfort oh thanks very much let's
take apart look at the photo all the
picture of my face either one and the
rest of us to flip hair comes out in all
good I think / 27 / it's big very much
thanks
