in November I went to Colombia with
UNHCR the UN refugee agency for my
YouTube creators for Change project I
wanted to find out about the work the UN
refugee agency is doing in some of the
most remote areas of the country and I
wanted to hear about it directly from
those affected I flew into the country's
capital Bogota and the next day I woke
up at 3:45 a.m. - flight 4,000,000 we
passed over the mountains clouds hugging
the peaks and creeping forward from
Malayan we flew to Atlanta thought I
wrote in my notebook so far thinking a
lot about remoteness where we're going
is not only remote to us for flights
drive and a four hour boat ride but too
many Colombians over dinner in
Woolworths there last night we had a
conversation with two locals who were
educated and engaged and informed but
totally unaware of the internal
displacement crisis over the course of
five decades more than 260 thousand
people were murdered and some 46,000
people were disappeared when we landed
in a part Bethel amid fields and fields
of plantains we took a taxi to the UN
refugee agency office a small building
and tight-knit team responsible for a
huge region of Colombia it was here that
we met Yan it says that and Venice and
learnt about the conflict so first of
all the conflict isn't between guerrilla
groups as I'd assumed but between
guerrilla groups and paramilitary groups
the latter officially known now as post
demobilized groups the groups are
fighting for control over the territory
the region where we were is particularly
appealing because it's the only part of
Colombia which has the whole border with
Panama a Pacific Ocean coast and a coast
with the Caribbean Sea which leads to
the Atlantic Ocean the groups want
control over these routes that they can
continue to conduct illegal activities
including of course the drug trade they
can grow process and distribute drugs
all in one place but there are also
other illegal activities such as mining
the FARC now known as the farc-ep was
the oldest and biggest guerrilla group
and when we talk about the Colombian
peace agreement it's usually regarding
the agreement the FARC came to you and
signed with the Colombian government on
November 24th 2016 almost exactly a year
prior to our visit the paramilitary
groups AKA post immobilize groups were
formed in response to guerrilla groups
broadly speaking this is when
businessmen and landowners hired their
own military part of the reason why
guerrilla and paramilitary groups have
had such a tight hold over the region
the lack of state presence and so when
the farc-ep pulled out this area after
signing the peace agreement and left a
vacuum vacuum other guerrilla groups
like ELN and paramilitary groups have
tried to fill in order to gain control
over these routes and take over the land
the conflict is long and violent and
complicated but to give you an example
one of the ways groups in this region
have been able to hold on to land is by
recruiting young indigenous children to
build land mines along the riverbanks
and these land mines of course mostly
harm and kill other members of the
indigenous community and lead to people
fleeing the land there are attacks on
schools a particularly bad one on the
18th of January this year young people
are seduced by a guerrilla groups and
recruited as informants in many cases
treated as disposable when the other
side inevitably finds out and kills them
the Internal Displacement Statistics the
Columbia are astonishing with over seven
point six million people registered as
internally displaced persons and 13,000
384 people displaced between January and
November 2017 alone so middle of this I
had to ask what is an entirely displaced
person entirely displaced people have
been forced from or fled their homes
just like refugees but they haven't
crossed an international border so they
remain under the protection of their own
country's government even if that
government is one of the reasons for
their displacement a member of our group
asked for their life under Eleanor one
of the other groups was better than it
had been under the fuck and this atom
replied that it's not about better or
worse it's groups who have caused pain
after our briefing we headed to the dock
in goodwill a port city on the Gulf of
Aruba where many displaced Colombians
have fled to and built communities we
cross the Gulf and began our journey
down the Rio our throttle a 650
kilometers river with tributaries that
stretch close to the water with Panama
the indigenous and afro-colombian
communities that live along these
tributaries have experienced
disproportionate violence especially
women and children the jungle flanks the
river on either side and every 30
minutes to an hour or so the boat slowed
down as it passed through a community at
4 p.m. we arrived in Rio socio which
translates as dirty River so named by
Spaniard colonizers in the early 1500s
rio socio has long been a site of refuge
for displaced families but it also has a
history of being a site of violence the
period of 1996-1997 came up often when
paramilitary groups arrived in boats
or blocked roads and tortured and killed
many people including the mayor in
charge of Rio so CEO on other occasions
they set people on fire while they were
still alive in other towns in the region
they burnt houses sometimes the victims
couldn't be identified often they were
thrown in mass graves we had dinner two
doors down from where we were staying at
a restaurant owned by a woman who had
been displaced several times she grew up
on a farm in the rural area near Toronto
and would come to visit Rio Salado
moving there after marrying and having
kids while she was visiting the farm in
December 1996 paramilitary groups to Rio
sucio and warned that whoever came
through would have their throats cut in
March 1997 the Armed Forces bombed the
guerillas
innocent people caught in the middle and
they fled to Baba Randle where pregnant
women delivered babies in the jungle
there were 5000 people who had fled them
in 2000 Korea has killed her brother in
2002 her younger boy was disappeared
shortly after her older boy was killed
she still owns the farm but can't visit
it because of the landmines in that area
she opened her restaurant in 2003 and
only woman works there displaced woman
she says it's painful to tell my story
but it's like cleaning my mind talking
takes the pain away on our first night
we met some of the young women from the
inter-ethnic school project the UN
refugee agency is supporting part of the
peace building work outlined in the UN
refugee agency's work in Colombia is to
work on strengthening intra and Inter
ethnic conflict resolution processes
this includes promoting the effective
participation in decision-making and
access to solutions for Africa Lumbee
inand indigenous peoples who have been
disproportionately affected by the armed
conflict in the escobar a community
meeting place supported by the UN
refugee agency I met some of the women
I'd be working with over the next few
days to make videos
I brought cameras with me and laptops
and I wanted to see what they'd make
what they were curious about and just
listen to them the videos you'll see on
this channel over the next three days
were filmed and edited by the students
of the inter-ethnic school if you'd like
to support the work of the UN refugee
agency sign the petition to stand with
refugees and find out more about the
products in Colombia you can find links
below including links to a fundraising
page
