hello so it is 1 a.m. which seems like
the perfect time to make a video about
depression don't you think I've been to
give up this a lot because firstly it's
the time to change campaign at the
moment which is changing the way we talk
about mental health secondly I had a
really good conversation with my friends
today I don't even know if they really
recognized it as a conversation that I
was having when I was very honest and I
feel like there's days when you can be
really really honest with your friends
and/or with other people you trust you
kind of come away from it wanting but
also able to talk about those things
more be really honest about it because
you verbalized it once and then thirdly
jack harries from jacksgap made a really
great video about mental health and he
was very honest about his own mental
health as well and I've seen some lovely
wonderful honest heartbreaking blog
posts and blogs as well yeah they're
just safe he thinks on my brain it's not
something I talk about a lot because it
is private but then also it's very bound
up in things that are still difficult
for me to talk about because they're so
associated with shame and guilt and all
the things that your brain does to
itself to make you think that you aren't
allowed to feel the way you feel or that
there's something wrong with you or that
you're indulgent in yourself will like
self-obsessed or that you know 27,000
billion million other things without
being massively into it they did also
want to make a video with my friend
talking about it there was a period
especially Druce ng school where I
realizes very down and it's very sad for
time and I used to like cryin always
just kind of mainly privately like you
just go into the toilets and stuff at
lunchtime just cry for like half an hour
and just feel really really sad and
sometimes it was directly associated
things it was associated to a lot of the
body and kind of aging problems and
stuff that I had and it was stress as
well but many times it wasn't actually
really associated with anything and you
just feel stupid useful sad anyone talk
to people and there are so many people
who are very generous and loving with
their time
but you know just get your point where
they can't take it all along themselves
and they're like please just get
yourself some help and it's very hard
for them to watch someone that they care
about going through this stuff teachers
I spoke to because those were the people
in my life who was closest to to be
honest and who I felt comfortable being
honest around and it gets a point when
they're like please like get some
professional help and all that stuff
I personally often felt like asking for
help wasn't an option because I felt
like a fraud and like I was making so
much of it up and I just couldn't hack
it and it said something about me and
then also the way that mental health was
spoken about in my family I felt wasn't
necessarily conducive to me making
choices that I wanted to make about my
own man to health and through no fault
of my family's own I felt like the way
we talk about mental health was you know
people on excessive amounts of
medication using things like
antidepressants as a solution for
something that it wasn't often times
people just need to like go outside and
be active and all these things on some
point in my brain like really minimized
what was actually happening and then
also as I've mentioned later I was
before I went to pretty high pressure
school and it was also all-girls so
there are a lot of other things going on
there's so many eating disorders of so
much depression and at the same time it
was a wonderful school and it's kind of
hard to reconcile all those things in
your brain at a time when I was a
secondary school I didn't really feel
comfortable other than it is great for
you teachers that I could go to interact
and say I finally read down write it
when it's unwise just like ranting on at
the 5 now in an hour when they had so
much work to do for that I really am
forever grateful but then when I got to
university I mean several different
things happened the the friends I have
online I feel like many of us have been
going through very very similar things
and had been going through similar
things and we were at different stages
in learning to take care of ourselves
and to recover from our various problems
was seeing other people go to the doctor
or reading live journal booths or you
know having them touch me whatever about
going to the doctor and asking about
medication
or senior counselor and all that stuff
that inspired me to go when I was at
university to the doctor and say hey
I've been feeling this way it's probably
not exactly right can you help I was
very very honest with those people as
well in a way that I wasn't with the
teachers at school I wasn't a hundred
percent almost about a lot of stuff
because I was very ashamed and I felt
like it would weigh their assessment of
me whereas of course when you talk to
the doctor there was a certain level of
Independence there that there isn't
maybe and this doctor had a university
xed it was fantastic she was brilliant
brilliant doctor ran me through some
like counseling options and set me up
with counseling took my blood and stuff
like that and and tested F medication
she was very very sympathetic and
understanding and wonderful and I wish
that she were able to be my doctor for
years and years and years but Burton K
back my third year she had actually gone
on to a different job but anyway so from
then I tried counseling which because of
the University and I think in a
university setting is often quite easy
to set up but I just didn't really click
with a counselor and I just I found I
didn't really like speaking to her this
was really the first time that I would
properly addressed I need help
let me go through a formal route and I
think that was a big part of why I
didn't like her but I also felt like she
wasn't really listening to what I needed
and she handled these instructions to me
that were actually making my brain just
go crazier and crazier and feel like it
was absolutely spiraling down this crazy
crazy rollercoaster so I stopped seeing
her after a while I went taking my year
aboard and again like a lot of that
stuff okay back in retrospect I was
really depressed and I didn't know the
language to talk about it because I
didn't you know I had a friend who
experienced it real still felt like well
they're the ones who go through the
Souris thing we're just faking it to be
part of it and the sad thing is as well
there were people not really friends but
kind of like on the external friends who
for their own issues and whatever
situation would say you know you don't
especially with like eating stuff
whatever you don't look the certain way
therefore you're just making it up and
it's all a lie and it's all false and
that of course just kind of
validates the way you're feeling inside
so I think that that was also pretty
detrimental but as a vaster I had
another counselor as well and he was
fantastic but I again still wasn't quite
there it wasn't quite ready but vast it
was a great space because people a lot
of people were on antidepressants a lot
of people have mental health issues and
they were really open about them I don't
know if that's just kind of an American
thing or if it was vaster itself as a
space but it was a really good space for
that in particular and then I'm I said
in final year in the in the months
between coming back from Vassar so I'd
been away all year and in starting a new
year my dad died so it was I mean he
dived and July 20 nights and then I was
back at University October I was you
know I was away and I'd been away that
whole year and I was away at a time and
so I was very disconnected from all but
then very focused on doing white virgin
immediately because I just like didn't
want to I went to graduate with my
friends I didn't want to go into a
separate time I felt like that was way
too much changed had all these concerns
of just throwing medicine at my grief
and I had this fixation on that being a
terrible thing not understanding that
you know they weren't necessarily all
tied up in the same issue I had
different things to deal with it was a
chemical thing I need my brain to be
balanced and at some point in my final
year was just getting so absolutely dire
that I went to the doctor got a
prescription for fluoxetine which is
Prozac and was on that for an amount of
time and I didn't really don't like it
but it did help in some ways it just
made me eat a lot of donuts I was
obsessed with donuts I'm like these
massive bars of Dairy Milk as well as
like really obsessed with them the
people who are really supportive along
the way and also the people who have
understanding and are on antidepressants
and not all of these things they kind of
said well you should ask for this so you
should also support in this or like it
pushed me to check up on waiting time so
this is the thing that happens in the UK
there are so much demand for this kind
of stuff because there are so many
people with mental health issues that
they'll say okay will
you in touch with so-and-so will change
your medication or whatever this is the
maximum go to and you'll go for these
steps and it feels very promising at
often if it was like okay I've gone for
this psychiatric evaluation I've gone
for this conversation mode-locked you're
gone for this blood test and being
prescribed this thing great and they're
promising me so many things they're
promising me support in a specialist
treatment center and XYZ number of
groups and a letter in the in the post
and for so many of us none of these
things arrived
none of these latter things arrived and
you're kind of you're just left in the
lurch with like two or three months of
prescription pills you feel like you're
on your own it's very hard to explain to
someone who isn't going through this
stuff how much effort it takes to get
yourself to a doctor when you're feeling
people who don't even suffer depression
have that feeling of like being in bed
just like you have so you can't drag
yourself even to the bathroom but being
so lonely people like why can't you just
take care of yourself it's just a trip
with the doctor it's so easy and part of
that you do have to accept because it
just be it does get you through but
sometimes it's really helpful because
you're in this place where like putting
on a sock is hard but it can be a very
paralyzing internally like an
emotionally and chemically sort of thing
where you can't look at the doctor you
can't make an appointment you can't
check on my things you can't get
yourself there because it's already
taken so much effort even to admit that
you have an issue and your head is
telling you in 20,000 different ways
that you're a liar and you're fooled you
don't need to do these things you know
and I'm saying all this stuff because I
wish that I'd had someone saying it to
me and show you his experiences with me
at the time when it was the worst
because then I wouldn't have felt like
maybe quite as much of a fraud so you'll
do all the things I supposed to do you
know you especially the initial stuff
and you'll get medicine sometimes it
works wonderfully as sometimes it
doesn't but the act of like taking the
medicine can be such a huge thing and
people I think assume like oh you've got
the medication that's enough the amount
of support
we need for mental health in this
country and the emphasis and the funding
and all of that stuff is is so important
because we need whole framework or
support groups and therapy and
medication and psychiatric evaluations
of the flexibility to change to 17
different medications and the regular
reviews and the checkups and the
follow-ups and all that stuff I think it
is possible and I think it is fundable
if we have the emphasis on it first one
show you these are the two packs of the
second go I was prescribed and like so
much fucking Prozac you know in fact
like 20 milligrams sort of the biggest
dose you can get this was and but I was
prescribed many different amounts that
in it cetera you were just given like
used like stacks of pills prescribed
them and while I do like yes I know I
can take care of my health care I'm
obviously really unwell and I don't have
the support and the from his support but
there's no follow-through that I you
know I have enough people around me now
that I know generally speaking how to
take care of myself and also that if I'm
not they'll spot it I didn't have that
when I was younger there wasn't the
support there there wasn't the funding
there there isn't the interest there we
don't talk about what's actually
happening and how hard it is to make
yourself take a pill or go to a therapy
session or if you're on a waiting list
seek out one of your own accord and then
find money to pay for a therapy session
like oh like there's so much and it
feels so overwhelming and everything is
so overwhelming already I mean yeah I
mean like I'm not going to pretend that
the NHS isn't like an amazing thing it's
some fantastic thing and the amount I
spent on things like this was minimal
for veg for people in other countries
spend that said there are a lot of
failures and I think that yeah we're
failing people especially young people
with mental illness it's time to be
honest and it's time to change goodbye
if you made a video or blog post or
anything else about mental health and
please do tweet at me at paper time lady
and you can also come out with it but
then that requires me getting through to
spam filter which sometimes takes a
little while okay bye
