hello there today is my night YouTube
anniversary which means yes I have been
doing this strange video thing since
February the 4th 2006 which is a very
long time I know this is cheesy to say
but I don't think I could have imagined
when I started YouTube in 2006 that I
would still be uploading videos nine
years later also because I just had no
concept of my 23 year old self but she's
here you can't actually see my very
earliest videos because I filmed them
through my little logitech webcam under
the stairs of my house when my parents
are out and at some point along the site
for many many updates they didn't
transfer of the sound properly on those
older videos so they are lost but it
isn't really a great loss to anyone else
apart from me of my most nostalgic days
but yeah still here still still loving
it thank you to everyone who's taken the
time to watch a video to comment - share
it to subscribe - thumbs up or 5-star
original point along the journey you
joined me so thanks very much and yes
very exciting to another nine years so
slight life update this flat where I am
right now it's going to be under
renovations for the next few months so I
thought I'd give you a bit of a room
tour today as a lot of you know I sort
of pledged I guess last year that I
would give away all but 50 books and I'm
really really close I had like I think
20 boxes of books and they total about
2,000 books and I now have around a
hundred and twenty books I think half of
those books that I'm just kind of
currently reading in the process of
reading it's been really good and really
healthy I think to just give things but
I also know that there are parts of that
which are tied into wanted to do
something and act in some way when will
the bad things kind of happened a few
years ago like I wanted to make like an
active change in my life and I see that
it's been a really good thing you know I
did worry love and on the way mail I was
too rash and maybe I gave away too many
things too quickly and things like I
would have liked to have kept but it's
actually not really worked out that way
situation is now I've given know so much
and I'm continuing to give away so much
I mean they give to charity shops I
sometimes give to friends and to swaps
and I
sent out a bunch of books over the
summer as well now I'm at like the real
core of my belongings I'm kind of like
at the center of the tree so the things
in my room right now are all things that
mean quite a lot to me in some weird way
or another and it's I feel like all the
traditional tips and the advice that I
was so helpful along the way of kind of
let you know put something in the box if
you haven't touched it in a month if you
haven't touched it in three days don't
even look at that box just give it away
technique to get rid of things I think
that's been really helpful in the
earliest stages of the process it's a
bit more complicated when you don't have
you know sentimental stuff elsewhere you
don't have that home you grew up in
anymore when those items become part of
your memory of someone that you've lost
it becomes a hugely different thing it
becomes you want to keep hold of that
writing because the item was like in the
presence of this other person become a
bit silly and it can get a bit
ridiculous it's very real still and it
does take you this part of it does have
to be taken solely it's not about being
ruthless anymore it's about allowing
yourself space to kind of have an
audience with this item and have some
time with this item before you give it
away and yeah that sounds really really
strange but let me give you a little bit
of a tour of my room right now let's go
hopefully going to be a built-in
wardrobe I don't have any storage in
this room really I have my TV stand and
my clothes are a couple of tiny drawers
when I have space under my bed as well
but I use that to store my trampoline
so this is my bed obviously it's where I
spend a lot of my time partly because
this flat doesn't have a living room and
have little Civic is I bet it's great
it's incredibly comfortable and it has a
lot of little fun personal touches as
you might be able to see one of the
biggest and most noticeable things is of
course my Taylor Swift read throw which
I got when I went to see her on the red
tour last year because it's so high
quality it does the warming it also just
does a really nice job of adding a touch
of that red lip classic thing that I
like and then along the side here as
well we've got all the pillows and not
all the pillows but many of the throw
pillows that I've designed I wasn't
finding merchandise for fandoms that
were maybe not that older or that were
using my favorite quotations so I
decided to design them myself in my
duvet covers from Muji and then as usual
my bed we have the laptop the phone with
a Kate Spade case and my trusty moleskin
which organizes my entire life and much
of John's life as well and then on my
windows which is desperately in need of
Riesling we have the earring holder that
Santa made me for Christmas roses and I
was given the other day as well as a
discount card for some gin some of the
notes that I wrote on the night my dad
died and a Hogwarts Express as well I
don't have lots and lots of Harry Potter
stuff in the way that I used to if you
go back and look at some of my videos
from about five years ago or so for the
things that I've kept at the ones that
mean the most to me but then also are
like we really packed with that
symbolism then over here above the TV we
have some images that inspire me to
travel while working while I still
freelance while I can still work
absolutely anywhere pretty much but
you'll probably notice quite a bit of
Taylor Swift in this room right now this
was a great interview which he talks a
lot about being independent and then
down here we have my lovely smart TV of
course which is just an absolute godsend
really glad that I invested in it and
it's just very nice to have my computer
screen mainly for work and the TV screen
for things like Netflix and then ever
we have some roses these are some really
nice Waitrose roses that were three
pounds but I've dried it really
beautifully as well and this is a
fantastic piece of art that was done by
a family friend of ours his name is
Marcelo Montoya
Turner and she gave this to me many
years back but I've only recently
finally put it in a frame which I'm glad
of because it just makes a massive
difference and you can really see the
colors pop out now here is my paper time
lady that elmify made for me which is
just beautiful and makes me feel really
excited about working what I'm doing
which is which is a nice viewing and so
down here we have my DVD collection
which is vastly smaller than it used to
be it's now like the West Wing Veronica
Mars or from black Sherlock a few other
things there as well or my killer CDs
which I also can't bear to give away
1989 and red and having Evanston's
rookie yearbooks are there as well and
then in this side we have my TARDIS
money box which is full of pennies but
not very full of pounds it's lovely
little horse that Estee gave us when we
moved it almost previous flat and then
at the back is more documentation than
tax stuff because we have to keep it
five years here and then in these
drawers here we have a lot of University
notes and then on the right we have all
my old secret diaries as well
and then over here it's our old friend
Taylor Swift and her lovely pale fluids
and if you look super closely you'll be
able to see that they are all from blank
space one of my favorite songs from the
album New Romantics probably most
favourite along with clean along with
everything else in the album and then
underneath we have uni notes underneath
my piano bench my childhood home that my
mom painted White's very carefully very
very many years ago these Lotteria cards
are from a gift card set and here we
have the original version of beware I'm
fearless and therefore powerful which
later was turned into a pillow and many
other things in my society6 from Mary
Shelley's Frankenstein I don't agree
that you need to be fearless to be
powerful but I think that there is
something in kind of the rhetoric of
fearlessness that is helpful and that is
kind of a driver for getting stuff done
and then down here we have an Ikea bar
cart which I've kind of repurposed into
a currently reading and rereading set of
books so that gives you an idea of some
reviews that you might see coming up in
the near future but it's basically just
been a good way to keep her thing
together while I didn't have shell and
the next that we have my very early
packing which is been there for about
two weeks because I like to pack pretty
early but I'm going in a few days now so
it's not quite as ridiculous as it was
before then over here is my Clara which
you might recognize from the flood I
lived in with Kayleigh and Marion and so
on and many many moons ago I don't have
any like proper baskets or anything so I
just used some boxes from some Christmas
presents that would develop it to my
house I mean it might look like there's
quite a lot in them but there's actually
not very much it's mainly the change of
sheets the change of color cases the
Charlie Cox's hat bottom here we have a
yoga ball maybe when you next see this
place it will have a nice little
wardrobe and then hiding around the
corner here you have my yoga mat
whenever I'm moving somewhere new which
is pretty much every year I become very
convinced that the previous occupant has
died in this flat and the spirit is
haunting it and where this blue
rectangle is there was a big square of a
mirror and I was so convinced that if I
unscrewed out I would find like a
message from the dead person behind it
but it just turned out to be a blue
patch where obviously we hadn't painted
because there was a mirror there yay so
now I've kind of embraced it as a
decorative section and we've got some
postcards and these postcards are from
the Whitechapel Gallery this is from
Zadie Smith who's one my very very
favorite authors my
from like my childhood home again like
something that my mom had like again
painted white taking with me wherever I
go which is really fun and then over
here we have my e Lockhart poster being
little kind of than you have to and it's
just a nice reminder because I see you
that every morning when I wake up and
then comes the kind of makeup station
with a caveat that not all of these
products are cruelty free kind of don't
even want to show them on camera because
I feel like I'm promoting them in some
way but let me just say that when I
rewrite things I'm not going to be
repurchasing eye things from the
companies that aren't cruelty free so
first these two little dresses I found a
charity shop a long time ago and again
you might recognize them if you've been
watching me for a little while they were
5 pounds each underneath that we have a
really nice little bin that I got from
the H&M homes actually really recently
before that I had a really big clunky
bin and it wasn't really working for me
and then inside the Fortnum and Mason
books we have all of my hair stuff so I
have a straightener and three different
types of curlers and then over here I
have a candle that my sister got me
which is a love candle actually and then
this lovely little booklet again you
might recognize my friend Joanna made
for me like front of sewed the whole
thing together it's really really
beautiful but I've kept in that little
frame and I sometimes changed the page
maybe about once a year I've got my
classic Muji storage system that makes
me feel like maybe I should become a
beauty blogger it's just such a useful
way to organize things you always see
exactly what you have and it also makes
you realize how much like nonsense tiny
things you have and then on top I've got
my dream creme which is my favorite body
lotion right now self-preserving I've
got a box of hair ties and things and
then in the middle section I have my
many nail varnishes and I've actually
gone through and gotten rid of quite a
lot of them so I guess you can't even
imagine how many of them I started out
with and then I got loads of lipsticks
and so sadly so many of these aren't
cruelty free and then I've got Naked 3
palette again not cruelty free annoying
leave and then my Real Techniques
brushes over there and in Marin and Sun
I've got me there's really cute potions
and spells Hogwarts books for me to sort
all my other things so there's lots of
like haircare and a Palmer's body butter
and some deodorant in there as well and
then this tiny little vestibule over
here is a little Alice in Wonderland
tray that's if you take it everything
off is actually a Alice in Wonderland
underneath and it has such a strange
array of things a bottle opener my only
bottle opener the keys to my mother's
house mainly rings and
mockingjay pin I will see you very soon
please send in your questions for
Patrick Ness if you haven't already the
deadline for that is February the fifth
which is tomorrow nine years goodbye
