politics government organizing all
fascinate me and we all know that I am
thoroughly addicted to political TV
shows but I came a point last year and I
was so disillusioned with British
politics that I couldn't even face the
thick of it so i was on a strict diet of
us political shows only and I roles
after I roles at every PMQs and every
really sighting of an MP but then
towards the end of 2014 I was given the
opportunity by the organization bite the
ballot to speak and take your questions
to Nick Clegg and EDD Miliband and this
is part of why their ballots fantastic
60 minutes leaders live programmes
conversations between a party leader and
an audience streamed live on the
internet and more often than not picked
up on the news that same day these are
events when I could quiz the prime
ministerial candidates on their
positions and try to push them towards
those conversations that we've been
having online conversations about things
like women in the workplace and racial
biases when we talk about immigration
but even more than that I kind of served
as a vessel or a channel through which
your questions could be answered so
people would tweet me that questions and
I would try and raise them with the
prime ministerial candidate of that day
it's worth noting at this point the
prior to the events I've been able to
attend but the ballot had also hosted
Farage and Bennett of you Kip and the
Green Party respectively so after
speaking to clegg adminip and I was
really excited and waiting asking
constantly the by the ballot team when
is David Cameron coming on leaders live
and from what I understood there was a
lot of behind-the-scenes tour going on
they were in talks to 10 Downing Street
and then oh so conveniently on the very
week that david cameron announced that
he would not take part in any televised
debates that excluded the Green Party he
also pulled out of talks with leaders
live but what was lost here was the
opportunity to have a conversation with
the Prime Minister of the country
someone who had for better or for worse
shape this country of the past five
years shaped it ideologically as well
with his party values I mean regardless
of what you like him it's pretty
impossible tonight that this is someone
who has a huge impact and then and I
couldn't believe there's dad insult
injury on Monday he spoke out or kids
apps like whatsapp and snapchat
situation with that is that he said if
they don't hand over
they're encrypted messages or encrypted
message software to the intelligence
services and he would pursue banning
them he personally would pursue banning
them say I mean this whole thing seemed
really results me on the one hand you
have David Cameron and his team saying
they don't have time over next hundred
and ten or so days before the election
60 minutes basically to speak to young
people on the other hand or really on
the same hand you've got him saying that
he's going to piss you banning things
that are mostly used by young people
it's not your 87 year old voter that's
using snapchat at least not on mass so
I'm pretty sure at this point the only
thing don't you ever really can do is
backtrack come on leaders live talk to
young people rather than about them and
making decisions for them so we don't
have to continue feeling like
politicians are just shouting at us and
telling us what to do like with five
years old we're eligible to vote we are
eligible to take power and we will take
power whether that means voting for a
party or knowing exactly how to spoil
our ballot so if you like me are a
little bit annoyed by this then what can
you do the first thing is that you can
watch like the balance videos and you
can share them and then you can comment
on this video and say what you think
David Cameron should take part in the
leaders live debate show them that we
care and share this video etc young
people do want to be part of the
conversation just saying other things
you can do if you're ever 16 you can
register to vote the link to that is
that in the description bar below and
obviously don't forget that the general
election is coming up in May this year
also I am clearly a bite at the ballot
activists and you can be to take power
and join the movement they look for more
information but that is also in the
description bar below lastly you can
tweet and david underscore cameron
himself and use the hashtag we want more
when talking to him and talking about
elections etc we want more from our
government we want more from our prime
minister that we want to see him on lead
his life I mean to be totally Frank I
think the Prime Minister's just pretty
scared of me asking him about the Troy's
record on women what do you guys think
simulator get by
