hello everyone today I'm going to take
you through some present ideas for the
feminist in your life potential feminist
in your life or for yourself most of
these are books that I've read for the
first time in 2014 or that I revisited
and that meant a lot to me but let me
take you through this now the first
thing I'm going to recommend is orphan
black orphan black is a gripping sci-fi
thriller series with such a compelling
fantastic racing terrifying storyline
about perhaps some planes Tatiana
maslany gives an incredible performance
as various characters so female
relationships terrifying storylines
sci-fi etc so many different genres if
you watch BBC America you might have
seen me say that I can't recommend all
four black one that came out this year
is rookie year three and this is from
the team behind rookie muncom rookie
year but three has an amazing collection
of articles and pieces and fun collages
and bright pages this is for any women
in your life but especially women in
their teens and in their 20s there's so
much wisdom and hear from people like
sia and police and Lord and Haim and so
many others but it's also a wonderful
present item because it's so much fun to
dip in and out of and to really treasure
and go back to because I've gone back to
there's so many times in the few months
I've had it as you may have guessed from
the title if you didn't know already
there's also rookie year book 1 & 2
which are also fantastic but I have to
say that this is my favorite one so far
next up is Shami Chakrabarti Zahn
Liberty which I actually bought after I
tweeted a picture of it and answers
anyone like this and everyone who had
read it said you absolutely must buy it
this isn't a kick back and relax on
Boxing Day sort of book Shami
Chakrabarti is the director of the human
rights group Liberty Liberty was founded
in the 1930s but this book isn't just
about their work it's about human rights
in general why it's important why it's
not this Airy fairy thing that we're
throwing around and most importantly to
me it said a lot about immigration about
the way we haven't developed these
attitudes towards race towards
foreigners and the legal implications of
that for example with extradition for
people who are at all aware during the
Blair and Bush era this gave me an
understanding to conversations I was
hearing but not really understanding
more than anything it made me really
curious and interested in human rights
law in a way that I hadn't been for
quite some years because I had felt like
it was just getting dismissed and
ignored and every single law had a
loophole or every single law had a way
that it could be circumvented
Shami Chakrabarti champions the ability
of a small group of people to change the
world
yes that's paraphrasing the web-swing
but yes it is incredibly valid here so I
think it's fantastic
and it's definitely required reading
before the elections next spring now for
a couple of old favorites we have the
house of the spirits which I read for
the first time so many years ago it's an
amazing generational tale it's magical
realism that responsibilities and
inheritance and being the weird one
being the outcast but it's also really
really funny and it's just such a
masterpiece and if you can read it in
its original Spanish then please do but
if you can't or if you don't know anyone
who's managed to give it to you then the
translation is also fantastic then a
permanent favorite that I will never
shut up about c'mon our bag of chocolate
there by lab rescue guys fantastic
phenomenal magical realist read set
during the Mexican Revolution family
women very house laburnum of the alibi
but in Mexico and with this very rich
magical realist cooking desperation
passion tears everything you could want
from book oh it's so freakin good if you
can again read it we'll give it to
someone who can read it in the original
Spanish then do otherwise Like Water for
Chocolate there are many fantastic
translations available oh it's so
freakin good
and it's very sexy too you know this is
something I was actually given for
Christmas myself a couple of days ago by
the lovely people at Picador and this is
hold your own by Kate Tempest if you
don't know each other she's one of the
most fantastic poets out there at the
moment hold your own is based on the
myth of the blind prophet Tiresias but
there is such a fantastic exploration of
identity of gender of body of rhythm and
I do feel like sometimes without some
narratives people don't feel like they
have a way into poetry because they
think oh it's just a few short lines
it's something but maybe I'll read
occasionally but I won't actually sit
and concentrate and focus on which is
also completely fine I do that with some
of my favorite poetry but I think some
people here may be poets sceptics things
like the fantastic fantastic whole Jerry
are great ways into poetry especially
new young voices and not just old poets
of the past and if you've got someone
who you think will love Kate embers to
be what someone who maybe doesn't like
to read poetry
there's the fantastic everybody down CD
which is just so brilliant I can't I
can't stop using these big words to
describe all these things I'm
experiencing and then with these things
that I'm sharing because it gives me so
much joy to have my own experience with
them and be able to share them with you
and mainly think that you'll pass them
on to someone else I just get very
excited about it I think it's the
bookseller and me just coming out and
really pushing myself to the world
then there is the brilliant astonishing
and mesmerizing blonde roots by
Bernardin Evaristo which was given to me
by my dear friend parisa Bobby on my
birthday this reimagines the slave trade
if Africans were the Masters and if
Europeans were the slaves and it's
exploration of safety of beauty of
ugliness of the other is absolutely
profound and it would just leave you
sitting there in silence for a few
minutes after you finish reading it
Bernadine every stone normally uses
poetry as her tool but I think this is
her first which uses prose it's so great
to feel that rhythm of her poetry find
its way into the pros because there is
still that rhythm there it's nice and
it's somewhere down there and it just
always such a great end result everyone
read everything I'm recommending even if
you're not going for Christmas this is
the order another one that I read so so
so so so many years ago the disreputable
history of frankie land banks is now out
in the UK is the story of frankie lender
back who goes to this very elite
selective boarding school and she finds
out that her boyfriend is a member of an
all-male secret society and that doesn't
really sit well with her this is a
feminist boarding school novel with one
of the most amazing protagonists in
young adult fiction i think ever even
just reading this you want to be on
Frankie's team you want to be able to
come up with the ideas that she comes up
with but you also really feel for her
and she kind of gets these little pieces
of understanding about how the
patriarchy work and how she I guess has
been given her place in this school but
in this school being a microcosm for
like the outside world that she's going
to go into but then also how she refuses
to let that be the last word on it I
just love it and then there's a deep
she's Americana which is told over
various continents which is told over
various times and experiences which is
told in Nigeria and America and London
it's a story of love success rates
terror identity and suddenly going from
a certain state of invisibility in
Nigeria to unwelcome visibility in
America I probably talked about this one
more in a future video because I really
really loved it and such a fantastic
book such fantastic novel it's quite
long in the writings quite small say for
someone who really loves books but maybe
hasn't kept on top of the big things
from this past year and I haven't read
the Yellow Sun or Purple Hibiscus so let
me know in comments if there's also
books you'd recommend as a gift and
definitely generally recommend and same
comments that you would like me to have
recommended as a gift in this my gift
guide and so next we come to Toni
Morrison's playing in the dark I do
haven't read a book by her I haven't
liked or haven't found important hasn't
added something to my life in a way but
this little tiny essay playing in the
dark which you can actually see is
flagged because they read it for the
first time when I was studying critical
race theory and - Tyrone Simpson Avastin
which is I think my whole university
experience that one class that I don't
shut up about and they're gonna bring up
constantly because it was such an
important difficult challenging
fantastic class it's such a short number
of pages I think it must be about 90
pages 89 pages she goes through American
literature and kind of the American
Canon goes through Hemingway and poet
cetera and looks at how those books how
those stories imagine darkness then she
ties that representation of darkness the
representation of fear tiny little book
if you know someone who really loves
literature who really loves reading or
who is going in to study literature at
university they're definitely bright for
them and then of course those bad
feminist by Roxane gay - I promise you a
video about this like two weeks ago and
I haven't got around to making it for
Roxane gay wrote a novel called an
untamed state which is also sensational
I didn't have a copy with me right now
it comes out in the UK I think in
January or February it's already out in
the US the works and gay also it was a
teacher and she teaches at a university
she's a lecturer there and she's written
this collection of essays it's quite a
hefty collection about her experience
with feminism her experience with pop
culture and she's so open and direct
about it that you feel when you're
reading it like you're up with your
friend late at night and all of a sudden
all this honesty is coming out of them
but also all this wisdom and yeah it
does feel like something has been shared
with you and you're reading it and
rereading it and rereading it because
I've already read this book three times
a couple of other suggestions I wanted
to mention beauty queens by Libba Bray
playing for the beauty queens who
crashed land on a desert island it's not
necessarily the Lord of the Flies
situation is not
society tyranny is not necessarily
everyone pretending they're at war the
audio book is particularly good because
liberators of all voices the last thing
I wanted to mention was some ideas for
customized presence because across the
ages those have definitely been my
absolute favorite presents to receive
these for example are some customized
pencils that Emily gave me for my
birthday this year with favorite
quotations from all my favorite women Oh
honestly don't you to read what would
you do if you weren't afraid I'm a prime
woman and of course go with your gut but
use your head and in the neuron Conrad
theme Lex gave me this beautiful
necklace that you've seen so many times
that says what would Elsie do and you
get custom things like that on Etsy but
also from places like tattoo divine so
those are just some ideas for the
holidays coming up for birthdays and for
years to come and also make me for
yourself now we know any other
suggestions you have for the fellow
commenters in the comments and we can
watch a part of them and share ideas
because we're a community and that's
what happens we share ideas or an idea
sharing nation and then we force each
other to read things that we love that's
at work goodbye
