hi everyone today I'm going to talk a
little bit about what's been going on in
Mexico recently I've tried to make this
video several times since the end of
September I got too caught up and trying
to make absolutely everything have all
the details in it basically but I
thought I'd like to give you a bit of
introduction and a bit of background on
what's been going on and then just leave
you to do your own research on the 26th
of September 2014 the police of the city
of Iguala in the state of Guerrero in
Mexico arrested students from the rural
Teachers College in ayotzinapa and
ordered by the mayor of Iguala
and his wife to hand over their students
to the local drug cartel Guerrero's or
needles the student teacher's college in
Eretz in Napa was known for its history
of student activism was very proud of
that history and the students that were
handed over were on their way to protest
the hiring practices for teachers and
these students were on their way to
protest this an event that was basically
intended to showcase the mayor's wife as
the next in line to be mayor of Iguala
the students were travelling in three
buses that they've taken over when
Iguala police intercepted them and
opened fire they killed two people
immediately and several fled into the
hills they actually also opened fire on
a fourth bus which they misidentified to
be one of the students it was carrying
players from a local football team on
that bus the driver and a football
player were killed and the way the open
fire happened the bullets ricocheted off
the bus and into surrounding vehicles
and a woman in one of these taxis was
killed
the students were rounded up taken to
the police station and someone there I
think the deputy police chief who might
have been someone else from the city of
Iguala ordered these students to be
handed over to Gyarados or me those and
then it seems that the students were
next taken to a dump which was the final
site around 15 of these students
suffocated on their way to the site and
with dead on arrival the remaining
students were murdered and thrown into a
pit covered in gasoline covered in bits
of wood and plastic and satellite it
seems to have burnt from around 2:00
a.m. until 3:00 p.m.
EGH well as police chief fled and on
September 30th the mayor and his wife
after suspicions have been aroused about
their activity also fled they were found
in Mexico City quite a few weeks later
after national pressure meant that the
authorities could it get away with
inside this case and trying to brush it
under the carpet in searching for the
remains of the student authorities
uncovered mass grave after mass grave in
one day I believe they discovered full
mass grave so essentially pursuing this
one case the scale of the situation in
Mexico the drug cartel problem the
violence the ongoing violence was really
opened up and I'll get back to that a
little bit later about how the President
of Mexico wanted to change the image of
the country but as some of you have seen
some post about this and might have seen
some phrases jumping around that you
didn't really know what they meant -
partly because you once a familiar on
the case but also because some of them
are in Spanish so you might have seen
several references to the 43 but I've
seen that back wedding day 3 so that's
basically in the ferritin 43 students
went missing and were later discovered
to have been disappeared by the mayor
that police the local drug cartel other
phrases associated with the protests
that followed the disappearance of the
43 students include vivo celosia Vardhan
viva los guerreros
and live they took them alive we want
them back another one you probably see a
lot is sweat and lift saddle which means
it was the state and that refers
obviously to the state of the electron
also the largest state the largest scale
of corruption that exists in Mexico
which is a very very deep corruption you
also may have seen yarmulke unsafe I tie
it or what I've had enough and this was
basically because Mexico's Attorney
General finally held a press conference
talking about the situation and when he
was tired of taking questions from the
press he said to his aide
yeah McCann said I'm tired I've had
enough but didn't realize that his
microphone was still on and it was
picked up this was meant of course by a
complete complete fury by the Mexican
people because it was just horrifying
and for so long we've been waiting for
those answers all of a sudden we have a
press conference and this guy is saying
that he's too tired and you gotta deal
with it and he doesn't wanna deal with
that anymore
it was very arrogant statement as well
and just completely devoid of empathy
then what I'm seeing more and more and
more is that rare mancilla F it and it
and that means resign every que Pena
Nieto and Erika Pena Nieto is the
current president of Mexico and he is
really someone who has used foreign
press to overhaul his image kind of try
and make Mexico a player in the world
stage but kind of for his benefit and
more therefore anyone else's the time
cover comes to mind and the article just
makes me
really really sick to be honest phrases
from the article include Benny Anita had
passed the most ambitious package of
social political and economic reforms in
memory and alarms are being replaced
with applause it seems to me that he
tried to draw the focus away from the
violence and all the situations with
drugs and cartel de quite from a BBC
news article published on the 4th of
December just a few days ago it is worth
bearing in mind that the illegal drug
trade in Mexico is worth anywhere
between 30 billion u.s. dollars to 40
billion u.s. dollars a year to the
cartels generated by huge quantities of
heroin cocaine methamphetamine and
marijuana headed north to the United
States Mexico is now the world's second
biggest producer of heroin and the
mountains of guerrero where the
disappearances took place provide the
ideal conditions for opium poppy
production where is the power and what
we doing by ignoring this and pretending
it's not happening there is a lot to be
sad well not that I could say and won't
say in this particular video about where
those drugs are going about where those
arms are coming from as well but I'm not
going to go into that right now I just
want to tell you more about what's
happening right now
protests are still taking place all
around the world but particularly in
Mexico Mexico City and Latin America as
well
there have been many reports of
disruptive protesters placed there by
police disrupting peaceful protests
basically to make protesters seem wild
unreasonable violent etc but I'm not
going to pretend that the protests
themselves have been the picture of
peace they have grown more violent they
have grown more frustrated especially
with the second year now beginning of
Bennion yet those quite unquote reign
but from what I'm seeing the majority of
these protests are still incredibly
peaceful and one of the October protests
had over 50,000 people in attendance in
Mexico City
if there is a protest near you wherever
you are in the world please consider
taking part and whether or not you are
able to take part please read and share
articles about what's going on in Mexico
you share videos especially coverage
from the ground and it's not just about
the kidnapping disappearance and murder
of students is about the ongoing
situation with the drug cartels in
Mexico the failures of the government
the protests and the associated
rash arrests for example 11 protesters
were arrested the other week
and taken to a high-security prison but
attention meant that they had to be
released because there was no evidence
that they had committed the crimes and
I'm just going to finish on this named
enemy yesterday were the remains of one
of the 43 students identified the first
one through forensics the student
identified was Alexander Mora Venancio
and he was 19 years old
