hello everyone so a couple of weeks ago
I was invited to a press screening of
the phone men women and children and the
PR people working in that film said we'd
love to sponsor a video where you give a
fair and honest review about the film
and you also talk a little bit about
your relationship with social media and
any insights you basically have to share
about that I don't want to rehash a plot
summary because that really wasn't my
way into the film my way into the film
was that it is a story about a community
and because these are parents and
children the high school community the
local school community where those
stories intersect but they really are
discrete experiences it was kind of like
if you think that too maybe 2008 John
Green terms of talking about his books
it's like a lot of parallel or train
tracks but if you looked at the shape of
them they would intersect but they would
come apart again and intersect again
many many times and each of those train
tracks is a different parent or child or
student or teacher within the high
school community now all of the
protagonists in this thumb have a
certain relationship to the internet
whether it is that they love it or hate
it will fear it what they find within it
whether they use it just for facebook
and twitter whether they use it for
dating websites whether they use it for
rpgs what are these for tumblr whether
they use it to essentially stalk their
child's activity online they all have
very different reasons for using the
internet the story was trying very hard
to present a very unbiased view of
online experience and how different
people use the internet but more often
than not it's one more towards the
parents view of the internet and a more
traditional view of the internet that's
kind of dangerous something bit sinister
something more likely to be used for
wrong would put someone in danger than
something to be celebrated something
where amazing communities happen
something that we ought to spend more
time with and understand in a sort of
more organic way rather than being
afraid of it and entering the internet
in terms of a sort of a guess more
capitalist culture or consumer culture
of what can it give me in exchange for
this thing in exchange for this
interaction in exchange for this
experience which I don't think is
necessarily how humans always behave I
don't think that's always the case and I
also don't think that's how at its most
enriching the internet works three big
aspects of the film that I want to talk
about the first one is that I'm not
going to spoil any plot points for there
is something that one of the mothers
does that made all of my friends and we
all went to see the breastfeeding at the
same time we all just issued this
collective gasp about something huge
invasion of privacy this huge invasion
of personal experience that his mother
did with one small action on the
computer the second point is that Ansel
Elgort character is really really really
in to things like World of Warcraft and
his dad is completely mystified by them
there is one scene when his dad goes
into his room and the game is off of a
computer and he starts to press the
little arrow keys and like moves the guy
around left right and center and that
could have been such a beautiful moment
of understanding or at least of some
level of appreciating the fun that could
be found within the game and the
communities that can be created through
these games and kind of just
experiencing a sense of wonder at it and
yeah appreciating it for what it is but
instead the film goes in a different way
and the father has a very different
attitude and I don't know whether that's
part of my personal frustration with
certain generations just deciding to
actively shut out the internet and deny
that it's any good and denied that there
can be valuable things found within
online communities and within video
games as well or whether that was
actually just as a sort of walking path
there that was not taken the road not
taken and one of the things that I
really really did love about the story
is that it opens with narration by Emma
Thompson and that carries on for a
certain portion of the films as you
basically just looks in at this
community from outside and is making
commentary you never see her face is
just her voice it's just her voice
narrating it I really spoke to one of
the ways that a lot of us use the
internet to kind of comment on
absolutely everything to write our own
narratives and to take agency in that
sense even in a sarcastic sometimes
slightly derisive sort of way just
comment on the humans and the weird
things that you're experiencing your
day-to-day like the existence of her
commentary really highlighted that for
me it reminded me of something that my
sister said quite recently because one
of my sisters is really into terror and
she said that one of the things that is
my one of my most problematic elements
is the parade and that is something that
came up and she was doing my cards and
my needs to kind of live a certain life
on parade and on show but I think that
that can be something difficult but it
is also something that I do enjoy at
least within certain measurements I like
sharing my life but it's not just a one
waiting i also like reading about other
people's lives and using the internet
and using social media to talk about my
experience but then also read other
people's experience and experience of a
people's lives through their own words
and through their pictures and through
there emerges and all of that sort of
stuff like I don't think it's
necessarily a shallow way into
communicating with each other and
forging connections with communities
because if I said that I'd be such a
hypocrite when so much of my life and so
much of the best things in my life have
come from these amazing online
communities and there are some very
serious and sad and triggering
storylines in this film and there are
some parts of the internet that I wish I
didn't identify with but I did that I
portrayed in this film and that I did
relate to and that I did wish like oh I
wish that hadn't been part of my
relationship with the internet but I
don't believe that the good cancels out
the bad and the less that the bad
effects the good they just exist again
on two separate planes they sometimes
intersect but they don't cancel each
other out and they don't make the other
any less valid I'm waiting for the
generation of filmmakers who aren't
trying to make a point about whether the
internet and whether social media as a
whole is a good inherently or bad
inherently thing because I think that
misses the larger point about the
internet which is about community and
how strong those bonds are that you form
online and also how we choose to treat
each other online and the kind of the
gifts and the curses of having that
online Kwazii anonymous identity while
at the same time pouring in all this
information and sort of refusing that
anonymity that has been Monday now I've
got to get out of this it's like 10
minutes to midnight I am very jealous
awesome catch you up on Homeland and
it's very bizarre okay the end five
