not too long ago penguin emailed me and
said you're a person who likes Doctor
Who and I said yes yes I am and I keep
all of my money your TARDIS in a hope
that it'll be bigger on the inside so
long and the short of it is that they
were organizing a blogger tour for the
twelve doctors 12 stories collection
these are the two editions this is the
gift II fancy one and this is just the
big omnibus 11 of the stories in the
Edition have been released before as
ebooks but a new one number 12
lights out which is by Holly black is
the one they wanted me to talk about you
might recognize this lovely chest area
basically the Edition also comes with
twelve postcards very fancy indeed a
really cool phone design basically just
the front of every single doctor neck to
a bellybutton area section featuring
celery etc I've read quite a few Doctor
Who stories in my time my favorite is
definitely the stone rose which is a
Tenth Doctor and Rose era story about
ancient Rome it involves mythology so I
get very excited about that sort of
thing that's why it's my favorite the
lights out is aimed a bit of a younger
crowd at least in terms of the size of
the font and the length of the story
very very tiny I would say that in terms
of a rough age guide probably between 7
years old and maybe 14 years old would
be the good age range of this but I
don't really know like it depends on
each person depends on the reader might
be a bit scary for some with 7 year olds
the story lights out it's basically
about this creature who has a spaceship
but no it's not the doctor different
creature different spaceship so quite a
solitary person very traumatized by
something bad that happened in that past
in this kind of orphanage situation that
they were brought up in they worked
transporting coffee beans to the
International Coffee Roasting station
and coffee is yeah very strong currency
are very very important everyone
absolutely must have the best cup of
coffee
as with many Doctor Who stories you have
there very strong kind of comedic weird
element Holly black is certainly great
at that but then on top of that you have
the dark death murder scary side effects
on gets murdered and a mysterious man
with the blue box comes in and tries to
figure it out and tries to play
detective as it is quite a short story
things do happen very quickly their
points at which I wish the story had
gone into certain things a bit more I
feel like I'm not really saying that
these stories are for you so much as if
you're struggling to get a Christmas
gift maybe a slightly more reluctant we
do as well and you want something to
kind of kick them into gear and I think
that the box set is a really
I did I tend to get a bit weirdly moping
nostalgic a box for kids my grandparents
got me the box set of the famous five
for my fifth birthday and I read it over
and over and over and over and over and
over again and basically read nothing
else until my dad got a Harry Potter
when I was six so I don't know there's
nothing but books at and about being
able to follow similar characters or a
similar thread up a story it's really
fun for a young reader and I kind of
think it's important to spread the joy
and spread the love and that does it
well I think well there's some
absolutely fantastic authors in here
Neil Gaiman Charlie Higson Mary
Blackburn for a brief mark the Sedgwick
right there's a lot a lot of good
writers in here so anyway there's some
thoughts as part of the 12 doctors 12
stories bloggers towards if there's
anything that you would like me to
review in particular then just let me
know in comments or if there are any
thoughts you have also for reading for
younger groups of people in that kind of
junior reading or advanced early readers
age group then also hear in the comments
so other people can read them and get
ideas for Christmas stuff because as
much as I hate talking about Christmas
right now I just walked through a lot of
shops with Christmas songs playing so I
suppose I have to accept that it's on
its way we're on the verge of another
very busy week for me but this week I
hooked a video about Megyn arts I hope
to upload a video about that feminist I
hope to upgrade quite a few other videos
and maybe if I say this in a video then
that will actually make me get them done
we'll see how that goes in the meantime
I will see you tomorrow maybe alright
goodbye
farewell
