hi everyone so as I mentioned in my
previous video this month is a big month
for meat there are lots of events
there's travel there's an award ceremony
there's just there's a lot going on so I
had a big wardrobe panic I said I don't
really have a think were really
exaggerated that to a point of no return
and eventually last week I found myself
in Topshop I was walking around the shop
floor when one of the personal shoppers
approached me and said we don't have any
bond at the moment which of actually is
when were big fitting rooms you can try
and choosing that it's all free there's
no minimums band it's really really good
space to try and place so I said yeah
why not but suddenly because she was
such a good personal shopper I found
myself telling her about all the
anxieties they had about my body at the
time obviously I have put on weight as a
lot of people point out thanks for that
by the way I did tell her a lot about
these things that it isn't like learning
to dress as someone who has boobs and it
was really really helpful and I didn't
feel like she was pushing anything on to
me that said because she was also just
really good and knowledgeable very keen
to have me leaving feeling good and give
honest advice I did end up spending a
lot of money understanding that fitting
room I sort of felt a little bit like
that game I went to the grocers and I
got a banana and watching and a potato
and all that stuff it just kept adding
adding adding adding on so picked up all
this stuff it was wonderful I felt very
happy and you know that shoppers hi when
I also had that panic that I always get
whenever I use my card even when it's
completely completely unfounded of
getting my card declined and having that
embarrassing conversation because I've
had that conversation with people a lot
of times working reach out but you
personally just fill the dredge I think
natalie tran made a video about this
actually anyway so i know i've just been
paid i checked my bag without before
going out everything's absolutely fine
but i pay and the card gets declined and
they say well we actually think it's
just our system and go get cash out so i
did that actually what turns out is that
someone had stolen some of my card
identity and had really tried to buy
something for $27 or 27 pounds of
something but they called it just in
time and it didn't get charged anyway so
that was just like this whole panic
around it whole saga but at the end of
it I've got some really really nice
clothes and one thing I really didn't
want to say is that if you're in a
better place through in a bad mood or if
you're feeling loathe and shopping and
spending money will fix it because I
think that's such a lie and it's such a
short hi you do feel fix for a while but
it doesn't fix the problem
it's hard and also it just creates
really kind of unhealthy patterns and
can sometimes legitimately lead to you
getting a store card and you getting
into a lot of debt don't ever get a
store card don't do it as someone who
had a store guard once Joe Dirt but yeah
I do think that there are certain things
that are helpful like dressing for your
shape and getting advice and on how
things look and in terms of not what's
on trend but of how you want to look and
how you want to present myself I think I
said something along the lines of I like
things that look a bit tailored and
interesting cuts but also casual light
fabric and patterns and stuff like that
and you just brought out all these
things I was like yeah that and that
that's perfect why were these things
hiding I'll show you these things now
the first one is this dress which I'll
stand up and show you properly in a
second and this necklace as well just
very like big and glyn t big big piece a
black jumper which is just like your
basic oversized jumper and then there's
this t-shirt which i love because of the
color of the gray in the kind of
speckled color and but also because of
their zip petite out the back it's just
really basic probably will mostly where
our under things sure just a kind of
cropped as well one thing i did say is
that things like polo necks that i love
the way they look on other people and
don't have the way they look at me and
but this was a really nice kind of short
round neck and it has this this ribs
effect it's not a condom it's a top so
really nice poking out underneath a
little jumper or something this i will
the other light when I went for a quiet
drink and ended up getting back home at
4am I was also literally wearing the
clothes I wore to paint a wall so
there's that but I do my best I i had a
casual t-shirt on as well but this is
just a really nice against similar neck
details this dress the sort of jumper ii
thing going on and three-quarter length
sleeves big pattern love a good pattern
and then this is one of the things that
the personal shopper picked out that I
really loved but didn't expect you and
was this mini skirt and it works really
well with thick tights and leggings big
that big oversized jumper as well like
really really good combinations very
easy very simple but then also dresses
it up a bit for a night out this shirt
I've been seeing every time I came in to
talk shop it's just buttons buttons all
the way up to the neck and they're just
beautiful pattern full-length sleeves
and these are just most comfortable
things in the world I like to wear them
more buttons up and with kind of a nice
necklace for an evening
the other thing I wanted to share with a
pair of leggings I bought a couple of
weeks ago before the biggest splurge I
think I've ever done in Topshop ever
which is these leggings and they're
really really basic they have a nice
houndstooth pattern they work really
well with my plain black jumper and my
oversized shot I feel like it's really
important for me as freelancer to try
make an effort to get dressed to try and
make an effort to get out of bed and
look to halfway presentable but it's
also important to just keep things easy
and keep that easy and not as to any
stress or hectic nature so yeah that's
what I bought I've mentioned before that
i don't like making holes that often
partly because i don't really buy that
much stuff i don't when you buy that
many clothes except when i go absolutely
bananas and topshop apparently and but
also just because i feel like it's a bit
like look at all this money is fern rola
which it is and it is a bit like
self-indulgent in that way however i
really liked my clothes i wanted to show
them off um so yeah the end fight
