I've my knee Granger and you are hi
everyone so every year in my 14 years of
primary and secondary schooling there
was a book day from secondary school
onwards at least and maybe a little bit
earlier every single year I would dress
up as a character from Harry Potter
funny oh just up as Dhabi and I was
wearing only pillowcase and the fire
alarm there's a fire drill went off and
I was wearing this tiny little pillow
case and papier-mâché it is and I had to
stand outside and the dip she had had to
end up giving me his coat because it was
freezing cold and I was wearing a
pillowcase the hell thought struggles
real people anyway today I'm dressed up
as a minor Granger because I want to
talk to you about my favorite books and
because I want to tell you about this
really cool campaign that saved the
children UK doing called read on get on
anyway so I know this is true for
probably quite a lot of you but Hermione
Granger was such an important character
to me growing up my red hair upon the
Philosopher's Stone when I was six and
already by the age I was what you would
call and no at all and i'm still a bit
like that and I yeah I fall into that
character quite often but never quite as
intensely as when i was in school and
going to school and felt sometimes very
visible for being the person who knew
the answer wanted to know the answer or
who was interested in doing the reading
on all that stuff you become a bit
snooty in the wigs this is like a self
protection mechanism and I hadn't really
seen that in fiction and I hadn't really
seen that in anyone until I read her my
Granger and then as I got older the
great thing to me was that I was
watching all these television shows and
all these films which would have a
makeover point when all of a sudden the
ugly duckling would become the beautiful
swan and that just wasn't the case with
her money I mean she had that scene in
the euro and the high water goblet of
fire and she'd spent hours and hours
make it her sleek and getting it all
ready and like just just putting
everything together but for her it just
wasn't really something she wanted to
spend hours of her day doing so she just
went back to like what she was
comfortable in I thought it was really
cool I had never seen that anywhere
anywhere that bit was particularly
gratifying to me she's a logical thinker
she's very daring a lot of ways she
thinks the best of teachers she can
often be found in a library like yeah
there were quite a lot of similarities
there and she was and continues to be my
hero so thank you JK Rowling for Miley
grindr Save the Children's read on get
on campaign is based on the new research
that shows that one in four children who
are leaving school at the age of the lab
so leaving primary school are unable to
read well and this figure increases
hugely when you look at the poorest
children forty percent of those kids
leaving school are unable to read well
so as of the beginning of this week save
the children have partnered with leaning
charities and teachers businesses
floggers to work towards the mission of
that by 2025 every child at age 11 will
be able to read well the born to read
program is getting ready to roll out
over 7,000 helpers for 23,000 pupils and
they'll be sent to schools and deprived
areas of the country but obviously for
this you need books and I love these
schools don't have the resources for
those books so that's where you come in
so this is the task at hand five pounds
will buy a kid of book and 70 pounds
will buy a kid a box of books for a year
so if we all come together that we can
help them out and provide them with the
resources they need to how about as many
kids as possible I'll put a link in the
description bar where you can find out
more information about the campaign but
state the children ourselves something
really cool if you text Harry as in
Harry Potter because I dressed up it's
my knee and they set that up just me if
you text Harry 27 triple zero eight then
you will donate five pounds to the cause
and it's just from your phone and it
will just be taking off your phone bills
super easy donating Harry 27 00 08 but
yes let's get these kids some books and
the resources they need thanks everyone
see you Monday
you've got dirt on your nose did you
know right there
