hello so I've been tagged by several
people in the British tag I feel like
I'm going to do my duty for Queen and
country and answer these questions today
so let's get started question one how
many cups of tea do you have a day and
how do you take it I have in summer
around one to two cups of tea a day and
then winter around five to eight cups of
tea a day not even joking i get so cold
and so miserable and tea makes me so
much happier I don't ever have any milk
or sugar in my tea even when it's billed
as tea I just have it as nature
delivered it I drank all sorts of herbal
teas all sorts of weird ones that would
probably make some people wrinkle their
noses but my favourite amid based so I
like peppermint and licorice and i also
like fresh mint tea for my garden as
some of you will have seen i have an
abundance of mint growing i have a lot
of chamomile and other things to make
tea with question of it a favorite part
of your roast probably they're not roost
they're not roast part of it i also like
a well steamed carrots slightly al dente
question number three favourite dunking
biscuit there it was definitely the
mikvah cheese milk chocolate biscuit now
it's more likely to be an Oreo and the
dark chocolate ones are still good but
they're not quite as good there's just
something missing like you know sugar
and milk question four favorite
quintessentially British pastime I love
going down to Brighton and eating chips
I love going to Wimbledon in the summer
and drinking Pimm's like kind of being
in the kitchen with your friends run the
outside someone with your friends and
making a huge jug of Pimm's and everyone
sitting around and chatting about it I
do also have a perfectly prepared gin
and tonic and fireworks night and love
fireworks night number 5 favorite word I
have so many favorite words here are a
few chaotic cadence spectacular
abomination trepidation tumultuous
tautology quixotic selection
consequentially there are so many good
words out there soliloquy I love the
word soliloquy of course I bloody do
question 6 cockney rhyming slang
question what don't really do sit sorry
I can't Adam and Eve that this is a
question ya see doesn't really work with
me question 7 favorite sweet identity
sweet as always more of a chocolate
person growing up their favorite sweets
were sure but those sharbati flying
saucers and the show at fountains with
the licorice stick question 8 what would
your pub be called I think it would be
cool the time and the
question number nine number one British
person and JK Rowling obviously like
maybe Shakespeare probably not probably
JK Rowling question 10 favorite shop or
restaurant my favorite restaurant is
probably the gate in Islington which is
a fantastic vegetarian restaurant that I
strongly recommend to everyone in the
history of ever my favorite shop right
now is probably the new foils because
it's absolutely beautiful question 11
what British song pops into your head
wanna be by the Spice Girls also she's
electric very racist but mainly won a
million question 12 moment okay mom I
perpetuates a false binary I do not love
it I do not hate it I feel completely
new to about moment I enjoy it when I
eat it I guess but I don't choose to eat
it so that doesn't really sound like I
love it so I would like it if my might
could stop putting false ideas into my
head I don't need it man I need that in
my life get out your favorites
problematic so I hope you enjoyed that
British session I am terrible at tagging
therefore I will tag no one and you can
do it if you feel like doing the British
talent take part seize the day lean in
OC or friday goodbye
