hi everyone special extra Sunday video
today because today I'm revealing two
pages from pointless blogs pointless
book I'm not being mean that's what it's
actually called and it comes out on the
fourth of September I've been tasked
with showing you these two pages so
let's go ahead
make a picture with the circle bucket
list write down ten things you'd like to
do before you get old
these are pages 14 and 15 and so
naturally I had a go at writing my
bucket list and drawing a picture with
the cycle let's start the bucket list
number one jump out of a plane this
would be strictly for fun and skydiving
not because of some terrible emergency
but now I'm going to be paranoid for my
next flight number two I really want to
see Petra in Jordan and that might have
started because Indiana Jones the last
crusade is my favorite film what one of
my favorite films of all time me and my
mom have always wanted to go to Petra so
at some point maybe we'll go number
three right many many books number four
have dinner with JK Rowling I was gonna
write go on a date with JK Rowling but I
didn't want to make her feel
uncomfortable or imposed on so I'm just
gonna ask her out for dinner Joe number
five go diving in the Mexican caves
number 6 i'd really like to hang out
with but also interview tavi Gevinson i
just feel like would get along really
well number seven so when i was a kid at
summer camp which by the way i saved up
and paid most of all by myself I know
such an entrepreneur my favorite thing
was the zip wire and as an adult and my
favorite thing out of divergent in both
book and film is the zip wire so I'd
like to go ziplining along a great great
distance number eight sing karaoke with
my birthday twin and soul sister
Jennifer Lawrence number nine see the
Northern Lights preferably in Iceland
where I've always wanted to go and
number ten not Downing Street run a
marathon so the second page was make a
picture with a circle I'll leave up to
you to judge this I'm talking about
inspirations as long as I can remember
I've dreamed wrong with swirly lines but
then also a lot of geometry i think it's
the mexican part of me coming out but
then 10 is adding the chalk color into
this it actually kind of reminded me of
the del chile installations there's one
called the sun that this looks quite
look like of course i was thinking of
the Sun here Thank You of the warmth and
lamenting the end of summer which does
approach san lien and yeah with the pen
and the talkin a mixed-media any piece
of artwork as my mother always taught me
you have to sign your name and date it
because otherwise they won't you know
when you made it I hate it gave you a
good preview of the book and I will see
you guys on Monday tomorrow tomorrow we
don't even have to wait that long to
hang out gay guys fire
hello if you came by searching for this
book then you might not see my video
blog before basically here I talk about
books and my life other weird things and
I'm 23 I'm a writer trying trying
favorite lee feverishly writing
feverishly writing feverishly feverishly
i like sunshine my favorite band is the
killers i have one of their drumsticks
somewhere over there i'm john queens
assistant and I help manage some other
stuff for him as well and I read a lot
did I say that the beginning it bears
repeating
