hi everyone welcome to the last video of
beauty fashion month thank you so much
for coming along for the ride today I'm
going to talk about two books about
beauty fashion and style I called these
books big sister book in my development
as an adolescent I felt like that was a
period when I didn't really know
anything about beauty and fashion and
general like bodily maintenance like
when all of a sudden everyone had
started shaving their legs and I was
like what what's happening I have two
older sisters and I love them and
they're wonderful and we were kind of we
got along fairly well when I was a
teenager but the age difference between
us like they're nearly a decade older
than me meant that they weren't really
around as much when I was going through
those first things like eyeliner for the
first time like deodorant etc I picked
up lots of great tips from them
including how to curl your eyelashes
with the teaspoon we were just in very
different phases of our life that
feeling of does everyone else know
something that I don't know is very
prevalent in teenagers but to an extent
you do feel like you might have missed
out on something at least I do if you're
not super super up-to-date on your
fashion and beauty stuff if you don't
know what contouring or the best way to
put on concealer but I think that kind
of insecurities about not knowing about
how to do makeup and how to do fashion
can carry on into a lahood and some
people don't care and that's fine but
some of us do care as happy as I am with
my generally low-maintenance makeup
lifestyle I do feel like I wish I'd
known a little bit more I wish I felt a
little bit more confident I wish I'd had
a few more kind of tools to help me
along and those are the roles that the
two books I'm going to talk about today
so I also bought up teenagers because
that's the audience of the first book
Bobbi Brown's few rules firstly let me
say is like a physical beast this book
is a beauty I always love reinforced
paperback covers you know is that like
slightly stronger card which makes it
feel like it's going to stick around for
a while and not fall apart or get eaten
by moths secondly Bobbi Brown the
interesting team whoever else worked in
this book did a fantastic job pinning
down the narrative voice the narrative
that carries you throughout the book is
about Bobbi's experience and a lesson
she learned there's also really nice
focus on finding things that work for
you and I feel like it's something along
the lines of so you're interested in
makeup okay but also be interested in
self-care she does say you know enjoy
yourself with your friends eat peach so
that sort of stuff like don't stress out
too much about that but the best thing
you can do to take care of yourself is
eat well I was really trepidatious when
I started reading those sections about
eating and I guess all
different Daisy put into her body and
the idea of like good foods and bad
foods and all of that sort of stuff but
I think she treated it generally really
well and I think she again emphasized
the self-care aspect of it and
emphasized that you know making your
bones strong and making your skin kind
of healthy and grow and all that sort of
stuff the book covers a broad number of
skin types and face shapes and that was
really great to see and the introduction
is by Hilary Duff but yeah I would say
that this book is probably for 12 to 16
years old like issue flee around that
time the second book I want to talk
about is Lauren Conrad's beauty as a
huge Lauren Conrad fan I love the voice
running throughout the book beauty and I
do you think this is geared a bit more
towards people from 18 years old upwards
there are some really practical and easy
to follow step by step start big
sections talking through kind of
pampering and relaxing and in the other
book style there's a section talking
about how to pack for a holiday or a
business trip
I am very biased because I love Lauren
Conrad but I feel like it was just a
really fun little book and good insight
into putting yourself together putting a
party outfit together putting a business
outfit together and maybe a more
structured way than I personally would
normally go about it as you've seen in
the last months or so I do tend to be
very like chuck stuff on my face check
stuff on my body like whatever's really
lying around but when I'm a bit more
focused I have a moment or there's
something really really special that I'm
going to I watched beauty bloggers and
follow tutorials like the ones in beauty
because yeah they fit we feel like I'm
developing a bit more of a skill but
also just showing me other options so
yeah who knows maybe I will continue
every now and then to talk about my
relationship to fashion and beauty and
style and also recommend and the other
beauty books that I've found that I've
liked but I would like to know if you
have any what your favorite beauty books
are the other thing I wanted to ask
about was your introduction to tutorials
and stuff I used to see them in my
sisters magazines I also read about them
in the baby-sitters club especially that
one where dawn gets really super bananas
and starts cutting off her tracksuit
bottoms and telling them into skirts and
yeah it's like completely changes her
look and all that stuff but my first
memory of actually following them was in
the Sabrina the Teenage Witch magazines
Sabrina's secret each issue came with
like a new lipstick or nail varnish
whatever but they were said fantastic
step by steps in them and I loved them
also very delayed sorry for the winners
of the elope card giveaway in the
description bar below otherwise I will
see you on Monday
bye
