hi everyone so I work from home so I
spend most of my day looking like this
sometimes in my pajamas other times
actually bother to put some clothes on I
finished work around 8:30 or 9:00 p.m.
every single day and on Mondays
Wednesdays and Fridays I usually record
my videos after that I didn't feel
obligated to wear makeup in a video but
I often do because it's a nice way to
make me feel fresh after a long day to
give me that extra zing of energy and
also just to have fun with my you know
my face today I'm going to do it get
ready with me so you can see the
slapdash way I apply makeup
tada those literally it I'm super easy
some of the products I just used on my
face aren't cruelty free I own them in
the first place because I was either
given them or they came free in a
magazine but let's run through them
quickly there's Smashbox Studios skin
which I don't believe is called e free
this room will highlight pencil was
given to me by Marion and Sanne for my
last birthday the color of this is nude
5 this is the infamous Eva Soler on
radiant touch to Jacques lat this is
shade 2 it's the black line / glide
intense eyeliner and if you saw my
makeup from The Fault in Our Stars
premiered that's what this was done with
a really beautiful color it sparkles so
Mac come on so your shout out stop
testing on animals come on this one I
got freedom magazine this is the fiber
lash extend extreme black lengthening
mascara for contouring blushing
highlights
I used the sleek palette again something
that Marian and son have got me for my
birthday last year my lipstick is
Topshop confession I've had this for a
little while now so I didn't know if
they still do it but they love this
lipstick I think that's everything I
used I use real technique brushes I
really like them I got the cool
collection again my birthday last year
and I got that from my mom last year and
they're really really great the contour
brush is probably my favorite one
definitely the one I use the most I do
have a foundation brush I do use it
sometimes but not often the different
cases fun going out or if there's some
other special occasion that I'm getting
ready for but if it's for making a video
especially as you guys are I don't want
to have to spend half now 45 minutes
putting makeup on before I can actually
film
you
