so I go into book shops at least once a
week and every time I go in I can't help
but think how much things have changed
since I finished working at the bookshop
and in fact how much things have changed
since I was first allowed to go to book
shops on my own i think it was about 10
or 11 so as many of you know i grew up
going to the same book shop a little
independent children's book shop in my
local area then when i was 15 i did work
experience in that book shopping then
when i was 16 i started working in that
book shop now the book shop is sadly
closed it's absolutely devastating for
me it's been closed for over a year I
thinking now it's been replaced by Esau
which okay is one of my favorite
skincare brands but still come on anyway
that book shop had like the most finely
curated and amazing teen fiction section
I've ever seen in my life I am starting
to see something close to the caliber of
that sort of teen section in foils and
there's some branches of donk books but
otherwise it is entirely on parallel the
teen section that was where I discovered
looking for laughter it's where I
discovered the boyfriend let's fight
leilockheart it's where I discovered mal
peet and susan hill and Gabrielle Devin
though books were like Nancy Mitford and
John windom in their lien her and
Sherman Alexie etc etc etc so the
bookshop was a great place of discovery
for me when I was working there so much
as when I went in as a customer and when
I first read the boyfriend it's about
Ruby Oliver 15 years old had a breakdown
gets a shrink I was desperate to find
someone writing female protagonist this
good then in 2008 I went to Chicago for
a high reporter conference and spent a
hell of a lot of time in bookshops one
of the suitcases I brought back wasn't
iphone with books and extremely heavy in
chicago bought the disreputable history
of Frankie lander banks which is
probably my favorite boarding school
novel of all time feminist boarding
school novel secret society
awesome protagonist what else do you
need to know and then earlier this year
the fantastic we were Liars came out
which I've reviewed in another video and
we'll link below despite the fact that i
read the boyfriend this bus when I don't
know so many years ago so so many years
ago and Frankie land our banks I still
go back to them and read them and love
them because you look hearts writing is
so rich and so funny and so smart it's
just bloody amazing and i truly become
an evangelist and i suppose it's sort of
like that thing when you really really
fancy someone and you're waiting for
them to be brought up in conversation so
you can just talk about them and their
beautiful body and they're amazing
jawline and a wonderful personality
personality comes loss but you know what
i mean as my flatmates have experienced
on many
many occasions so okay the giveaway so
for various reasons this is only open to
people in the UK I'm sorry I have five
ebook codes to Frankie land our banks
because then it just came out in the UK
yesterday and in this very tricksy
poster tube I have five we were lies
pictures some of you have seen them
because you asked me where I you could
get them this is why i set the giveaway
up I know I'm so great they are
beautiful and I adore them and I want
you to have them so you can play along
if you don't live in the UK but also
just let me know that you don't live in
UK so that I don't have to you know
reassign your price or someone else so
if you live in the UK the to give away
questions that you can pick between our
number one the we were Liars poster has
the quotation be a little kinder than
you have to who should you be a little
kinder to and why like you personally we
ask deep personal questions here by the
way everyone is not an answer avoided
that or you can answer to if we were
boarding school here's the person you
would least like to share a room with
and why and by the way I'm thinking
along the lines of you know famous
historical somehow well-known figures I
can judge it a little bit easier I mean
I'm sure your Big Sisters horrible but I
just I don't can't really be the judge
of that I get to leave your answers in
comments and I will see you all on
monday by the way if you saw my previous
video I'm putting this Chanel bag up on
ebay i will tweet our link to that
auction sometime in the next some time
so specific all right so you guys picked
up by
