hi everyone so friday was my birthday i
had a really fun day thank you so much
to everyone who sent messages and well
wishes made me so happy and so chill had
lovely weekend tried not to look at my
phone or my email as much as possible
and just kind of enjoy it and be with my
friends on friday night we went to drink
shop do in Kings Cross it was mostly my
friends who have made through the
internet and a couple of my friends from
outside the internet world and one of
them was with an olla who I've known for
so many years probably like 10 12 years
now and although she's met some of my
friends from a line it was the first
time she was at an event where she was
truly surrounded by all my friends from
the internet and from Harry Potter and
yeah from all that stuff's if she found
it i think it was quite cool and then
also really strange to be in that
situation and she was kind of asking
lots of questions about it and meeting
the people that i was kind of hanging
out with that and hanging out with now
and was a really big thing for me and i
was really happy that my friends could
could meet her too she was relaying some
stories from her perspective like for
example when I think it was the fifth or
sixth book came out we had the sports
day and even though I stayed up all
right the night before reading the book
and I think I'd read it twice maybe by
that time and made a reaction video and
all that stuff I guess Tommy found at
sports daily huddled over the book
reading it rereading it devouring it and
just because it like felt like this kind
of gift and in some ways I guess maybe
that was a bad thing maybe I wasn't as
present as I could have been but at the
same time like I was being present in
other ways and I don't regret that at
all and on Saturday the day after my
birthday in the day I went to the harry
potter studio tour for the second time i
have to say that did come up with envy
of all the youtubers you've been invited
to go to things that the high water
studio tools and I felt really yeah I
felt really envious with that because I
have been invited to like have dinner in
the Great Hall or anything and then of
course i couldn't find tickets because
it sold out months and months and months
in advance but the night before just
before midnight when i checked online
and there was a tick
on there for 12 noon on the 60th of
august so naturally i grabbed it and
went by myself and like felt very
emotional and no spoilers for anyone who
has it been before but i got to open the
doors because i was celebrating my
birthday so that was super exciting i
was talking about this with signing
yesterday i feel very protective over
the harry potter studio tool because i
feel like it's a really personal
environment and while i feel like this
should be some way of sharing it with
other people who can't you won't be able
to go and see it for themselves I also
feel like I want everyone who can or has
the small chance of being able to go
there to have that experience to
experience it surprises and to not know
what's coming when you turn around every
corner and again to have that
opportunity to be present in this
experience that means a lot to a lot of
us on the really fun things about the
experience is walking through and seeing
how many different people are enjoying
it how many different people are excited
by whatever a seed you know that you've
got like the old tap fans like me but
you've also got these new fans all these
little kids you may be right now see it
as like an amusement were almost like a
theme park sort of thing but later maybe
it will mean loads to them and the same
way it means I just so yeah it was
wonderful wonderful birthday and then
sunday i just did a lot of personal
admin but it was stuff i was glad to get
done so all is forgiven in that respect
anyway i would see all of wednesday and
there will be another maybe beach
fashion video I didn't know it's hard to
see the future right now but I was
speech it all then alright bye put on my
mint chamomile chives rocket lavender
wild rocket
you
