a few months ago when our story starts I
found myself atop an old railway line
that had been turned into a long high
park I followed tracks meant for steam
engines well maybe not steam engines and
looked into Windows I wasn't supposed to
be able to be tall enough to see through
but with the help of old metal and new
cement I was a little bit closer to
walking the sky path set out for me by
the New York scrapers
there is obvious art for John pedestals
there is less obvious art found at the
landscaping the ties foliage to steal or
the building's pulled into the picture
their constant changing growing state
part of the changing growing project
their facades canvases
the city is the Vista and yet this is
not the city and yet it is and yet the
sky park is the gift of focus and a
strange quiet that cannot be found on
the same level as the exhaust pipes and
metro grates people sit on sides but
mostly people move back and forth
walking on the old tracks imitating the
trains I can't help but think of the
tracks have been stripped of their
functionality or provided with a new one
if the trains are still running just
without their exoskeleton
how does museum ification work with
relics of transportation what are we
trying to preserve what are we trying to
create why does it feel so separate from
everything else up here the taxis seem
to drive straighter the angles are more
absolute up up up the Highline says look
up
