hi everyone so this morning I woke up to
a tweet from Emily linking to a report
by Steven follows the reporters on
gender bias in the film industry and the
links are in the description bar below
looking all the data if I were to pick a
headline the one I'd pick is basically
the same was selected by the Guardian
77% of crew members on the 2000
highest-grossing films over the past 20
years are male at this point if you read
lean in or are familiar with statistics
about women and various industries the
small part of your brain might be
thinking well at least isn't 83% the 17%
curse but then we take a moment to think
about what this really means women are
being shut out at every level of film
production from positions deemed
entry-level in the industry right up to
the top directors in 2013 women made up
under 2% of film directors and the
percentage of women occupying those top
roles writer director producer has
dropped those already tiny percentages
it's not that women aren't interested in
film the technical side of film the
leadership side of film people saying
that need to sit down drink a very
strong cup of tea maybe get hit over the
head with a teapot and then pay
attention to what's going on in the
industry so Steven follows is a British
writer and producer and he looks at all
the different roles in the industry when
compiling this report sound engineers
animation so on visual effects hits that
infamous 17% figure the visual effects
Department is usually the largest
Department of blockbusters and they only
have on average 17.5% women but it gets
worse music had 16 percent women camera
and electricals had 5 percent women 95
percent on average men on average only
13 percent women were editing these
films 10% women 90 percent men on
average were writing the scripts and in
the 2000 highest-grossing films over the
past 20 years only 5% of the directors
have been female and this is getting
worse not better as the number of women
working in film declined in 2013 that's
a fact for those of you who are thinking
well 1984 was a long time ago we've
probably made leaps and bounds since
then no editing on the 100
highest-grossing films went from 28
percent women in 1994 to 21.4% women in
animation 34.5% women to 16.1% women
so drop of 18.5% I can't help wonder
what these feathers would be if we took
race into account how many women who do
not identify as Caucasian are being shut
out of the filmmaking industry but
rosianna there must be some positives
from the report right kind of in the
study it shows that makeup casting and
costumes have a majority of women but
then you look at the films with the
highest percentage of women crew and
those were Mean Girls and The Sisterhood
of the Traveling Pants and they had only
42% women there wasn't even a majority
they're looking at genre sci-fi and
action blockbusters which you know tend
to be pretty big productions have an
average of 20% and 21% women on their
cruise respectively I strongly encourage
you to read the report not solely
because of the work that Stephen has put
into it but also because you actually
kind of need to see the graph so you can
see exactly how many and how few women
are involved in each department and are
involved in each stage of making a film
but also because we are all in some way
involved in the film industry even if we
don't work fair we consume films we see
adverts for films and also tangentially
I guess YouTube is kind of aligned with
it in some ways there's a further
discussion to be had here with the
similarities and differences and
opportunities we can find in the YouTube
sphere so at the beginning of this week
a lot of us spent time thinking about
where we were when the final Harry
Potter book was released that's partly
because it's been seven years since the
release of the seventh book that's also
because the stories are important and
they have power and visual stories have
a very particular broad widespread
visual power the telling of stories ties
us to our earlier selves so why should
men be the only ones getting their
stories told and why should the stories
that we watch and enjoy and share and
hate and all of those things be seen
through this one very particular prism
with countless other problems I haven't
even gone into today when I was thinking
about what I was going to say today I
was inclined to go with in conclusion
but that wouldn't even cover a fraction
of my anger and frustration about all
this it's not just about women getting
jobs and it's not just about the
industry it's not about the need for
women filmmakers to make an indie film
to make them feel complete it's about
the systemic oppression of women's
voices and female experiences and the
active grooming of a society to expect
and be more comfortable with men telling
stories even if their stories feature
women in a prominent role stories are
power and as Emily said to me we need to
take that shit back thank you
