hi everyone so this year at VidCon we
did the third annual woman on YouTube
panel there was also a fighting sexism
on YouTube industry day panel that went
really well too on both of these panels
we talked about the experiences and
challenges women face when making
content online also strategies that you
could use to tackle those problems it
quickly became apparent that a lot of
people did not know about the first
features YouTube has to offer to help
people out so today I'm going to run you
through how quick and easy it is to
block first people commenters who are
creating trouble when you abusive
anything that you know you don't want to
see on your channel and number two how
easy it is default to certain words from
appearing on your channel so that if
you'd like to you can go through and
review those comments that include those
words because sometimes they might
appear on a very innocent comment so
here I am with my trusty laptop and
we'll go to youtube.com the quickest and
easiest way to do this is to bookmark
youtube.com forward slash comment
underscore management otherwise I'll
show you how you can get to it from the
home page five stickers on your little
face in the corner and you click creator
studio on the left hand side here click
community then you go all the way down
to comment settings and then on to the
section automated filters you have
various options the first one is really
useful if you have someone visiting your
channel regularly who gets picked up by
the comment filter all the time these
comments always get marked as spam and
who isn't in any way a spammer or a
stroller or someone abusive or anything
like that you just type their username
in here and we'll always be approved
below that you have banned users and
those are the users who you never want
to show comments from at all also
incredibly useful and I would say never
ever ever feel afraid to ban someone
directly underneath that there's a
little box called a blacklist in
YouTube's raising comments closely
matching these words will be held for
review
you insert the various words you want to
use separated by commas and to them
those comments will just be in like
limbo filter mode and this is entirely
up to you what you want to do with them
so I hope that helps you out and thanks
everyone you came out to the women
YouTube channels and all that stuff you
do not under any circumstances have to
put up with online harassment and this
is a tool that I think will really help
a lot of people out please let me know
in comments there are other features
you'd like me to run through what any
suggestions you have for the YouTube
team I will see you all on Monday
pop levels pretty high
