hello everyone so it's been a while but
I'm back in front of this bookshelf
right here to talk about some books well
one book in particular Bruce procera
Skelton you may remember that i reviewed
high and dry by stereo Skelton before in
this channel i will link to that here if
you haven't seen it i'll also put it in
the description bar below bruised was
actually published before high and dry
has quite different character different
voices it's a really different story
anything in common i would say is that
it's in high school while I would say
that high and dry is personally I think
about a story but a book better writing
there was so much to be found and
bruised and I really got a lot from it
myself so okay quick spoiler-free plot
Imogen is an expert at taekwondo or at
least that's what you'd probably think
being an outsider she's a black belt but
she explains that kind of meter at the
beginning of your journey not that
you're at the end of it she teaches at
her local martial arts center and her
older brother hunter is quite sought
after in the high school it would be
fairly safe to say that there's four
straight Imogen to no end so then
there's the big event that changes
everything Imogen is that a diner one
evening when a gunman walks in that is
all I'm going to say about the plot
other than you know chaumet occurs I
just remember that over at two nights
down the things that I wanted to mention
in this review so let's let's go to
notes the first one is confronting
illness and the second one is the
realness cama trying to break through I
don't know exactly how you saw those
things are going to be in our discussion
today but I would say that not only does
image and have to turn in and look at
how she's affected by this event she
also has to look at how she has prior to
the event observed the people around her
father Matt how she acts how she speaks
to them how she treats them in a lot of
ways but I think it really starts at her
regarding them how she immediately I
guess processes them in her brain her
assumptions about them her tendency to
see things as black and white which ends
up hurting herself more than anyone else
and that for me is one of the biggest
strengths and themes of this book yes
you have elements of like the high
school genre and kids just like judging
each other and being kids and whatever
the biggest thing is judging yourself
and the standards you hold yourself to
also when you think you're being honest
to yourself that you're actually being
cruel to yourself but there is also a
really strong theme of how you see your
parents and how you see
when they grow and how you see them when
they actually just become people to you
image and has some interactions with her
dad that really like Coach me in the
throat and made me think of my
interactions with my dad that feeling
which I guess now I've learned is pretty
common among teenagers when you feel
that you can communicate to your parents
if you can really kick to your parents
you communicate to your parents so then
all of a sudden you just don't speak the
same language anymore you just can't get
through you just can't understand that
choices and they can't understand your
choices and it's a cliche again it's a
cliche because we talk about it because
we feel it and we go through that and we
look back and recognize that in
ourselves but it also it being a cliche
sometimes you don't you can't like walk
through that exact feeling there's a
good analogy for that which also doesn't
just serve as an analogy for those of
you who have read it if you're watching
back a thing what the hell is she
talking about I would say it's do with
ability there are love story romance
elements and that time do you think oh I
know how this is going to end why didn't
you do I think you are under estimating
how you kind of made to underestimate
her as in the writer as in the character
as in the people around her and also as
in the severity of the situation just
how traumatic the trauma has been for
her it also really makes you think about
how when reading stories we assume that
a lot of people experience a single
trauma in the same way when obviously
they have loads of different reactions
to it which again you know some level
but it's until that sort of teased out
of you while you reading the experience
of this book that you probably
understand it and so the second thing
was the realness trying to get through
and trying to get to the thing that
hurts and that's tied into the trauma
and trying to find it and reach it and
yet not managing to break through and
that question of can you ever break
through can you ever feel as much as you
want to feel can you ever have that
feeling in the intense way that you
wanted we experience that search for
intensity in a lot of different places
in our lives and doesn't always have to
come from a traumatic moment but I think
that Sarah skilton did a wonderful job
of someone who was trying to get to that
trying to get to the real you in a lot
of ways because that's sometimes the
scariest thing you don't feel like an
established person you don't feel like
you're connected to yourself especially
like this is a cute and people who
experience depression this is all so
cute and teenagers happens to all of us
and it will good
to happen to all of us because
consciousness and all that stuff is so
is a wasting and because you can't be in
someone else's brain because you can't
have that experience that anyone else
has you're having to prove to yourself
that you exist you're having to have
those moments like the bell jar that are
I am I am I am anyway so I thought this
was a great way a novel and I look
forward to more of Sarah skeletons work
as she continues writing as i hopes you
will so quickly to run you through the
plan for the rest of the whatever time
i'm gonna try and do one travel video
one book review and one just general
vlog thing every week but we'll see how
that goes it obviously depends on how
much travel stuff i have left in
comments as always I'd love to hear what
you're reading I'd love to hear if
you've read books by Sarah skilton
either high and dry or bruised I'd also
love to hear what you think the best
book about traumas and any thoughts on
anything else in this video and just any
any thoughts okay go see you guys on
Friday bye
