hey strangers oh I feel like my arm just
clicked what I did that very ghosts out
my hair is doing let's just pretend the
lit looks normal and great I have been
extremely busy I feel like there's like
an undercurrent of busy that has come
back into my life that I did miss when I
was living in Indiana but just like
plays a different role it just it just
occupies every moment and I had a lovely
moment on Saturday where I had not that
many hours I had like five or six hours
but I just read books I finished a
reread of motherhood by Sheila heti
which it's been a truly transformative
book for me I have to say I have to
think about it a bit more still before I
talk about it more but it's didn't just
for me and then I read all of release by
Patrick Ness who I recently did an event
with and I absolutely loved released and
I kind of I had it in the US and I
hadn't been able to read it yet and I
got it out of my library which is
stopped with all these brilliant books
and has really helpful staff and I'm
just like in love with my local library
and I've been getting so many books out
there at any given time way more than I
could possibly read and then I also
started another book and it was just
such nice like few hours of focusing on
reading and nothing else I needed it so
much I felt like I've been given a new
soul or something because it has been a
busy summer full of wonderful things
wonderful opportunities so much
incredible travel and so on but there's
also it's also been quite heavy summer
there's been a lot of big news for me
and for the people that I love it's been
really hard at point really
light-hearted at points it's been these
big ups and downs personally and yeah
and my border circles so I didn't really
realize I don't think like how much at
all it had taken on me because I'm so
used to like snapping back into it and
being like no everything's fine and I
think not the time that's a part of
where I fall down again and again is
this need to present like all of that
problem has been solved and I've moved
on or I'm managing the situation now
because so much of both my personal and
my professional relationships have
historically been built around me
fulfilling the needs of whoever needs
anything and anticipating their needs
and fulfilling them to a tee and this
year it kind of got to the point where
like I wasn't able to do
anymore and I felt like everything had
fallen apart because of that where in
reality it was just trying to listen a
bit more to someone else's needs who
happened to also have been in the room
the entire time this girl and and
balancing that and working about around
that and yeah and working that out in
some way shape and form so it's been a
big few months they've been brilliant
they've been terrible and everything in
between and it's meant that I haven't
had as much time as I wanted to make
things for myself but I'm also actively
kind of interrogating that and and
wondering you know what kinds of things
it is that I want to make because some
days I want to make videos and other
days I want to write more and and third
days I want to make everything I just
frankly do not have enough hours in the
day to do maybe more than one I feel
like I'm coming to that realization that
the heroine of every airport paperback
comes to you of like you simply can't do
at all
having those moments to just do
something like read and remember why I
love it and why it's important not that
I've forgotten but just that like I'd
forgotten it could do this particular
thing for me like it could calm my brain
in this particular way that it could
really take me on that particular level
of thought and block everything else out
in that way because I've been fitting it
in between and now or so in the morning
or on the tuber a little bit but like
maybe for 20 minutes at most or like
while I'm waiting for someone to arrive
like all of these bits and pieces having
that concentrated time to just read is
in itself extremely valuable and yeah
and just for me reminded me why it's
important to dedicate that time to
myself finding some way to accept that
it has been a tricky summer as many
summers are and also that I'm sad that
it's over because it's also been a
wonderful summer and now it's getting
colder and as we well know I don't like
the cold and I don't like the dark and I
don't know I'll work in a it's fine
there's lots of good things happening
this autumn and winter - I just I find
myself getting a little dreary around
these
there's not necessarily where I wanted
to go with this but who knows my
harddrive is full because they have so
many uh nerds and videos and while I
won't promise that you'll see a lot of
them this month hopefully it won't be
quite as long until we talk to each
other again but I'd love to hear from
you and comments and I hope you've all
been keeping extremely well and I'll
speak to you soon
