hi everyone so I'm not really a hoarder
but I am a keeper that sounds like a
pick-up line under Caesar myself great
cool glad you're at that point in the
evening for a long time I find my
parents habits of keeping things just in
case and that is in part from a what not
to be wasteful and be really resourceful
and use things in different ways
my mother worked for a while restoring
objects so she I think is one of the
prime example of people who can make do
and mend pretty much anything and it's a
really good thing to do and really a
thing to have and it's been exciting to
see this new wave of that kind of
attitude of things going on but now I'm
in this time of my life where I'm trying
to live with less and acquire less it's
been interesting to decide about you
know what it is I keep and what it is I
hang on to
especially around periods like this
because I'm one to save newspapers so I
can use of a papier-mache and save I
don't know little cutouts from the free
catalogs that I've tried to unsubscribe
from many many times so I can use some
of my wrapping paper all the extra pine
branches from this tree for example I
run the little random nails all around
my home it doesn't look like a West Elm
catalog so much as it looks like some
kind of strange obscure art installation
that didn't quite work but I love it so
I like having scraps of things to work
with I like knowing if I'm in emergency
need of a ribbon that's probably what
I've saved in a drawer somewhere equally
as a person I like to use through things
I like to complete things I love that
feeling of something being completed and
in my life these days I feel like it's a
bit harder to complete things because
the tasks are much bigger and the goals
are much broader or more going for
example incorporating organizing and
actors and into my life is not something
that involves a lot of checking things
often being like job done it's a
different approach to things and
definitely a part of growing up and
becoming an adult as well to me it's
been understanding that a lot the things
that I saw is fixed moments are in fact
processes and it's not about getting to
certain stages but understanding the
processes more and understanding where
you are along this thing that might not
have a beginning or an ending just like
life and death every day you learn to
get to death here
I thought the video with Daniel Layton
which I spoke to actually when I was in
London and I was like literally first
sentence death came up I don't know how
I just that's the kind of friend I am
always bringing it to death anyway so
one of the things I've been trying to do
this year is write a lot whether it's
two little postcards to friends family
or multiple pages letters to my
grandmother things like that part of it
because it's a lovely way to keep in
touch and I think it still feels really
special when you receive a letter I
certainly love receiving betters and
cards but also because it's a way to
finally use all those little postcards I
saved thought oh this person would
really love them yeah I'm sending out
various kinds of Christmas cards and
letters I've actually just collected
over the last few years I bought these
in 2015 it is a little london bus in a
snow globe with Big Ben and the London
Eye and so on it just says Merry
Christmas it's one of those Christmas
charity cards I think I bought them in a
museum in support of the NSPCC in mind
the British Heart Foundation Marie Curie
Cancer Care and shelter all charities
that I really like and support having
decided only to use the cards I already
have I did then see these two backer and
a Christmas jumper cards which I
absolutely adore especially because
c-3po is the little reindeer on his
sweater I just really appreciate that
about it and then returning viewers of
blood mess will recognise these brightly
colored cards that are made with my
potato stamps
I gave one of these cards to my granny
last year I think and she asked me if my
four-year-old nephew had made them one
of my resolutions in 2017 was to write
more letters and it was really helpful
knowing that because then I just made
sure it always had lots of stamps around
so that at the moment I feel ready or
like it would be therapeutic to send a
letter or just so if someone's having a
really hard time and I wanted to send
something out to them
then I could do that so I'm going to go
and write some of these to make sure
that they get the ones going to the UK
in Mexico and still won't get there in
time for Christmas hopefully Mexico
sometimes a a bit of a roll of the dice
my mum's list you just hit Christmas
cards they arrived in March but I would
love to hear your thoughts on Christmas
cards and keeping things before I go a
little shout out I have made a DIY gift
wrapping video on the ping
platform channel which you can find at
youtube.com slash favorite platform I
will also link it right here I basically
talked about different styles of gift
wrapping especially on the theme of gift
wrapping books I'll put a link in the
description and I will see you to work
bye
