hi Sampson New York hair but look a
special guest
hey this is a chemo so I'm an adult I
live in Brooklyn from I do comedy and
YouTube said friends with rosianna we
thought that the best thing to do would
be BuzzFeed quizzes because it shows
that we're really grownups so we can
start with the BuzzFeed quiz cool can it
stare at me the first question if you
want to play along Rosie zero and Vita
Instagram oh okay um do you want to
choose one do we want to miss Justin s
cheese together right is that um yeah
she's down at East Beyonce it's just up
here like us in our friendship um
Rosie's a movie Paris Istanbul Berlin
Nashville for those Omelas yeah them
does not know which is fast they a
cardinal offense because I'm in New York
still choosing so she's a dead what do
you don't you I was your best friend
I do not quite one I went to the lion
tattoo for about three years
where would you get it on my wrist
that's my fishing oh the line in motion
that's really cool for me I used to want
a Michael Jackson quote by singing like
right alignment on my Mac yeah yeah
you'd never see it exactly so why would
I I'm an idiot
Fortescue choices we've got a diving
bird the word pizza
above my belly we've got the infinity
tattoo very and theme of The Fault in
Our Stars what the heart once owned it
shall that doesn't make sense it's way
too small and no one knows nonsensical
sentence yeah we're the pizza guy if the
pizzas as he was on the ballet then I
would get it yeah
yeah like somewhere that's me okay so
Disney big mag we got it cream cheese
thing but there's like a big snowshoes
and then is that a thing yeah would
attack this ski is like crack that bar
in salty I'm so good I haven't had time
we should go with the toughest game but
I feel like I've ever sold them okay hey
what would be your inclination of I'm
gonna say not kale I bought some today
and I'm just like okay but yeah TV show
Breaking Bad I love house of cards house
of got7 see break and got a freaking cat
breaking cats
yzz even the pair that sparkly vans is
our choice we're a fake hipster who's a
little hipster Yeah right and now we're
happy I'm sitting I'm like what is your
personal themes oh yes you go if your
life was a movie what genre would it be
it could be a comedy make it is more
like it would be either really not funny
comedy like a comedy of errors Beverly
Hills Chihuahua yeah it's good comedy
how many where would you rather be right
now I would love to be right here yeah
that sounds pretty nice cats on a
location what adjective best describes
you you got awesome goofy real cool
strong funky these words people use coo
coo not awesome awesome I just undercut
your cool man yeah well it's totally
cool which of these animals reminds you
of yourself
how long is this crazy critter a pig dog
Hedgehog slow kitten duck yeah yeah I'm
speaking to me but like it's cute it's
all I can it's I'll kind of like this
sloth but yeah no I do like stab
how are you today amazing amazing we're
living our best life how we living on it
so so sweet with your beautiful accent
oh my god I'm like I'm always shiny if
you've ever seen my poetry right now
it's really yeah how do you deal with
the challenge
make a plan freak out attack it
procrastinate get to work do whatever a
champion does I like that one like I
would say I make a plan that's that's
smart
I beg to differ but I think that's a
good answer for what works no I I think
that the joy of music into your heart oh
yes how am I more or less yes yeah more
or less that's how I feel about the
question how do you is funny hearing
your favorite song
but everyone know this is your jam
that's let's do this last one this is
the last I feel that we don't need to
the what about jorts this is how
sexually adventurous is your brain so
any children watching what are you doing
watching my channel and your bet to get
education
you don't have to have done these things
or ever plan on doing them just things
that turn you on
okay kissing's go sacred okay make it
people yeah yeah having sex yeah having
oral sex all right I think I see someone
you have doing sexy stuff with more than
one person David Tennant is just the
complete stranger I mean being important
know being honest industry patriarchal
limiters oh yes truth truth being
watched by others
that would make me self-conscious yeah
no I don't want to see myself dressing
up in this way I'm really I really um
sweat in or people not in or people ass
or what but I'm like really I find it
really cool when people are gay people
yeah watching wow you have like so much
yeah you didn't have that generation
spills me you tied up for time having a
partner act totally submissive to you
having sex with a fictional character
that's animated Sailor Moon yes
yeah all right wait lick Tuxedo Mask
okay yeah right what is even like being
crushed by a giant person wearing a
rubber body's no comfort cover in serum
night come pinky
yes thank sex in public whose wedding
you know this is like just first to make
a video of me embarrass must be wearing
a diaper
no peeing on somewhere though doing it
in mud conjugal visit at a prison let's
be nice to someone in a mascot animal
cos name having sex with my little pony
no never did it Brady right yeah right
is this like trying to induct me into
the brony
having sex with an alien art have you
ever had a sexual fantasy about a friend
you were hanging out with platonic yes
yeah I feel like we did feel like it's
just trying to get us to spill oh yeah I
think actually like they turned on my
webcam I ran a sexual fantasy while at
work yeah yeah you ever had a sexual
fantasy while staring at a stranger
probably you say uh sighs about 17 out
of 40 things you're a little on the
normcore side I'm pissed
but it's the ignore cork buzz that's
intense
so you can't believe you said that to me
but seriously who wants to think about
most of that stuff I mean I didn't have
a problem thinking about yeah I just
don't have this time in my life is
choice and not to do it and I fully
respect everyone sexual right do you
think if you're into it you resent the
tub no cause yeah I do too it makes me
feel like I should wear it like put on a
polo shirt what have we learned here
today with fake hipsters yeah we're
normcore mm-hmm but it's fine because
Beyonce is a theme to you yeah exactly
boom so I feel like that one kind of
negates everything exactly if you felt
after work please do share your results
in the comments if you don't feel
comfortable feel free to judge us in the
comments in my face comments thank you
so much for hanging out with me today a
video on this channel which may or may
not be up at this time
Yeah right you may have been up weeks
before this is up who's to say who knows
if you click on my face all right bye
pal
