hi everyone so I feel about independent
bookshops the same way I feel about
avocados I want to immediately either
just kidding now I love them from the
bottom of my heart loads of you with us
know about my favorite independent
bookshops at London's so I'm going to
run you through some of those or telling
you about a book shop for that
independent booksellers week a pretty
one on Saturday visit July and there's
some prizes involved mrs perfect please
view blog or video blog and even if you
don't just pick it up and do it that's
time the challenge is to visit as many
independent bookshops as possible on the
day saturday fifth of july
independent Philip dispatcher will be
equipped with independent books of the
week stickers especially designed for
participants to find out which
participate in workshops are near you
visit the booksellers association
website I'll put the link in the
description bar below the competition
will be judged on one the number of
bookshops visited detailed in the post
and provided by video evidence and
selfies with the stickers and to the
quality of post submitted giving every
entrant equal chance of winning
regardless of how many book shops that
are in your area in order to qualify for
the prize the blog or video players must
be submitted by Sunday sick of july and
1159 p.m. british
that's all very good a well-read Jana
you say but what is this prize which you
speak well one lucky winner will win the
complete children and adult independent
booksellers week Book Award shortlist 50
pounds of national book tokens and a
digital banner created especially for
the winner cheers on top of this all
those of you who have submitted
something for the competition will
receive a participant banner that will
work on all social media sites and can
be tailored to fit like easy whatever
you can ask them to you besides it if
necessary
I hey let's me take part and if you
don't live in UK take part anyways
learning into bookshop in your leg I
love see your blogs and videos and all
that stuff
the high pollen counts that's what sort
of a very high pollen levels
