hi internet let's go to New York
adventure as long as my battery last
which might not be very long but living
it spontaneously carpe diem bitches
sequela digital video blogging but now
it's nice and lovely and warm so big we
might be good day for a little though
window shopping
it's kind of my only proprietary evening
from now until the end my trip because
I'm seeing a lot of friends from basso
and maybe some youtubers maybe for some
fun
very big so get on an adventure
audrey hepburn
my memories of New York from when I was
studying at bursa largely de Bourgh
truths evening Felicity and we can
friends I used to wander around vendors
and pretend I was got a girl i went to
new york public library in the Natural
History Museum and I spent a hell of a
lot of time in Central Park so nothing
but fond memories nice to see that you
can walk everywhere one of my biggest
ruggles in new york city and i guess the
u.s. in general is that people give
directions in terms of north west south
east all of that stuff we don't really
do that as much in the UK or not learnt
up to my knowledge and I can never
remember which way is north and says
that the last trip that weekend which is
really fun because I got stood up with
friends graduate which was amazing and
haven't seen a lot them in like three
years ago
so it was one for all the subtle they're
like adults
but it's very different from
it's very late evening in green and the
campus are absolutely beautiful but it's
funny to see
perspective of an outside view and you
feel like a bit from outsider and be so
conscious of not wanting to impose and
then very precious time
somos I Tiffany's I should be easy
oppressor right now something I keep
those things that they're American flags
everywhere which is not move anyone
and the US
afraid of you getting that you're gonna
say something
I know it's to admire it just
it's strange to me
it's racially but then I suppose if I
were hyper aware of the British baguette
bread put me next to a lot more in
London
currently do is just the yeah strange
back
