today we're doing the boyfriend tag why
are you doing this there's a test of our
love
question one where did we meet if I okay
yeah I'm gonna be watching yeah which is
that she died very fine based on why the
people we are we met at a bug yuichi
gathering in about your cake what was
our first date other than the time you
came we hung out and then at the Burger
King not really but we saw each other
then I went abroad and that was when we
really kind of became friends but I was
in the same country is he yeah so we
hung out a lot through Skype I don't
remember the next time when he met I
don't know bro first date with him where
was our first kiss and how was it I
thought was great it was actually on the
Starship Enterprise and it was really
romantic and slobbery did you know that
I was the one no you're not the one you
never will be the one who's like
comfortable these questions are really
forward and if you would yeah so she
can't been dating someone for that long
which I'm pretty sure lots of people
like make this video after a few months
of dating it's like are you the one but
if you can't have that conversation I
can insist imagine having it on camera
having your breakup on camera because
you were filming the boyfriend time mind
of like the hills first impressions
yeah deep purple hair I felt like it
yeah probably feels like wow she's
really intense you were like wow bold
choice that Bulls like because you have
to edit this bad sorry when did you meet
the family I first met your family on
your birthday I had a big youtubers
house party on my 17th birthday I still
have footage the Charlie film November
I'm not counting down to my 17th
birthday and now I'm 22 and it's just
very weird like the whole thing is very
surreal is your Christmas clumsy and
that was the first time I'd been to
Lexus since your 17th birthday and I was
like this is too strange such a 5/8 gap
but nothing in my house has changed like
everything else identity go like it felt
very very creepy I can't remember when I
first met your family I think here my
camera and I met you my one time yeah
yeah so and do we have a tradition up
speak when we hang out which you can
probably hear right now yeah we both
stop talking it's kind of like LA but no
really
like that risk I like this yeah it is -
really loves it it's also kind of like a
mix of like Chelsea posh speak and then
like American kind of up speaking this
is like I'm nine wins with a tradition
that we have a talking on skype about
food she said I love you first and where
were we so I feel like we can skip that
can't wait conflict what do we argue
about the most the things that are
arguments I feel like that we're both on
the same side
yeah it's just really angry at the same
time about yeah we'll be like not
arguing like with each other but just
like yeah it's like arguing and the
other person is just receiving that
energy but it's not yeah yeah no no it's
just such a soldier rocky who wears the
pants right now she's wearing a skirt
and I'm wearing the closest to pants
memory shorts I know it's probably
Arizona so like we were at a bar like
recently she said like bye
and I cuz I was about to leave I thought
she said wait wait for me like so she
could say bye and then I just stood
there with my rucksack off my back was
happening to everyone and waiting and
then she came back he was like oh no I
said bye like you could leave so I just
been standing there waiting so I think
yeah you wear the pants as we are
adhering to traditional
if I'm sitting from the TV what am i
watching both of us all right now she's
watching 24 this is Jay
like 24/7 you are watching 24 normally
it could be the west wing or the hills
see often watching friends yeah right
now I'm actually hanging like a winged
cow ball it's not under the cow ball
it's under the dome yeah cow balls Oh
Buffy yeah although I actually just fish
Buffy so I just got it under the dome so
now I have nothing right now watching
scrubs next to watching 24 these are the
pants they were talking about what's the
one food we don't like you don't like me
actually I don't know what you don't
like so you don't like I'm pretty open
yeah you like a lot of things there's a
lot of meat I do quite like I just
choose not to eat it because it's an
animal
yeah same wow she I don't know I might
be able to eat it now oh no no it was
like sake I still find fake me weird
like fake me okay yeah there you go
so many vegetarian sausages hello yeah
they're amazing that she must be fair
for a chicken nuggets repository when we
go out to eat what do I get to drink
yeah she's with me yeah yeah time to get
up and get in tonight sometimes I get
like you're quite varied and quite
boring
you get two types but you get margaritas
as well what is it that you had at the
breakfast copy the day you have to have
margaritas
I've got a morning mijita I wasn't here
to drink a lot of X when you're filming
videos oh yeah and I do drink a lot of X
because it's my dad's beer so it's
always in the fridge so I always just go
and take one it's like vegan what size
shoe do I wear
seven yeah I thought you know same size
as me but you know you don't always
sleep so I thought you were 17 is a huge
if I was collecting anything what would
it be right now World Cup stickers you
collecting beads right now and
I'm collecting clothes to wear Carly
what would you eat every day
kid that you idiot cutting you eat a lot
of shit it's not three toes right now
because he just every Elsie I actually
know the Austen's question because like
when they say like what would you eat
every day and you say avocado you could
do lots of things that Mikado and I have
one like that which is like a thing I
could do many things but a toast
yes what's your favorite cereal so this
doesn't tell you anything about our
sweet relationship actually you should
know my favorite cereals because I've
been eating it so much lately I mean
like I don't know yes do you eat cereal
I mean I really got a thing crunchy not
right there yeah I was being really lazy
this week and it's so much what to do
that don't talk to me about crunchy nuts
sometimes though so I feel like I should
have known that you often I say that the
one thing you want is crunching yeah but
when I get it I don't really want it
yeah yeah what's your favorite music you
like the killers for both listening to
our Lord right now oh god yeah what's
your favorite sports team we're gonna
talk publicly a lot about a veritable
team but we also discuss schools quite a
lot so yeah West Ham OC NFC we will
didn't yeah I actually own ones my team
and also kind of retainers teams almost
like a team on the side I'm also a
Mexico because I am Mexico because um
because we're in a loving committed
relationship relationship and also
because I don't like I'm the least
patriotic person so I support Mexico and
I support like the Netherlands fasano
who's not here so I don't know I'm
pointing at the ceiling what is my eye
color okay wait
what's your eye color of shirts you
don't know you're like grey grey blue
yeah fuck I don't wait call your eyes on
it like some green in them yeah hazel
okay because it's an in-between color
here is my best friend I have a lot of
best friend city what is something I do
that you don't like the gloves are
coming off there's also coming out my
stomach just may be nice her stomach
makes noise this is a sometimes like oh
my space this is just you get to go to
New York and I don't great thank you so
much
guys yeah he likes being my special
boyfriend James content and by
