the formative text in my life is Harry
Potter the formative television program
is the west wing or Clarissa explains it
all the formative film clueless don't
even talk to me about the clueless
television program this is strictly an
alicia silverstone and poorer train had
a nonstop from platform nine and
three-quarters at eleven o'clock my
friends today i bring you 20 lessons I
learned from clueless one carpe diem
okay it's a bad response to any buyers
remorse or shopping dilemma to the
proletariat should not be denied
athletic equipment three knee socks are
always the right answer for organization
is key and wardrobe cataloging systems
ideal five in order to get into good
habits you have to do things every day
not just for a de cl√© 6 check how much
space you have left on the bed before
you push your hair back sit up to beach
7 is totally ok to not feel like you
want to date anyone in your school eight
when it comes to talking about current
affairs analogies to dinner parties are
always super effective 9 when someone
tries to push down your oratory or power
don't forget that you have the stronger
power the power of persuasion if you
really want something treat the world is
your core room just with really
questionable rules 10 don't
underestimate the power of the classics
poetry might be your solution even if
you don't really know who the POTUS 11
one day you will go through a
post-adolescent idealistic phase and
everyone late you 12 ren and stimpy our
way existential 13 when you find
yourself in a predicament such as your
father won't let you go out with what
you're wearing unfairly for a man holds
a gun to your head just talk about the
designers Calvin Klein a liar one of
them 14 sometimes in life you will fancy
people who aren't interested in your
agenda and
okay someone you like even more might
come along and that someone may be your
stepbrother and that won't even be weird
because you'll paul rudd and alicia
silverstone in your beautiful 15 and
lesson that we have very much
implemented in my flat it is okay to
call someone on the phone even when
they're like 10 meters away in fact
sometimes its preferred because it keeps
your conversation six inked though it
keeps your conversation lazy that's the
one 16 drinking caffeine stunts your
growth I don't know if this is even
medically accurate but I followed it to
the cool except for the fact that I had
a very strong diet coke and coke
fascination for a very long time
coca-cola not the other stuff 17 faux
fur always and break for animals 18
always look out for the tension in your
upper back especially goes for those of
us who own laptops but it was also to
the times of clueless feel like when you
fill a lot of stress it just it for some
reason it's tear and you get hunched
it's just not good find the car 19 it's
okay to fancy whoever you want don't let
anyone tell you that that's not okay
maybe consider being open to their
opinion especially they know a little
bit more about someone because they've
been at a school longer or something but
also don't let that form your opinion
for you because they might be prejudiced
against that person for some ridiculous
reason or because that person trip your
friend up when they were 10 years old
let your friend share their opinion
choose friends you look out for you but
just know when to stop listening 20 even
if someone ruins your shoes one day it
will be so our season share in comments
the most important lessons you've
learned from clueless or you know it's
similar films or not by anything similar
because that's the freaking world
you
