hello everyone so today I went to a
screening of this film right here at The
Fault in Our Stars which is based on for
those who don't know this book right
here by my boss John Green and my friend
same person um and this is the foam time
cover as well the phone's not out in the
UK until June 20th acts out in the US
June 6 and us out in like Australia June
5th it's all around the world at
different times I was also given a
commemorative t-shirt and it has the day
of the screening on the front which I
thought was very huge I checked my
friend Emily as my date and it ran up to
seeing I felt really nervous partly
because it's like a very personal book
and I think a lot of people have that
relationship but that book is with so
many books and that's funny enough one
of the themes and the what on earth does
I know you so just felt like I need to
make a video to talk about it partly for
you guys to encourage you to see it
because it was absolutely fantastic and
everyone absolutely everyone's
performances with Stella I have to
mention shailene Woodley's in particular
because I think she just she became
hazel and I didn't really think that was
possible because hazel again was like a
personal thing to me and she was she
wasn't like she was at a visual
character but she was also she felt very
close somehow and her parents just
everyone liked and so loving that and
just everyone was oh so good anyway I'm
gonna start crying again I can feel
myself what sembly and I watch my
feeling and saying was that the phone
was so different to the other films that
we've seen and we'd grown up seeing it
was so honest it was honest in its joy
and it was honest in its grief and all
the spaces in between and all the
strange things that you can't quite
summarize in one small emotion the
subtleties were there and the details
were there everything that you could
wish for in terms of visually but also
in how they behaved and how they became
these characters the choices of everyone
involved in the film was just so
impressive and I'm so excited for you
all to see it
I feel like overwhelmed from the film
and then overwhelmed with pride for
everyone involved in the film as well so
yay I'm gonna go like bundle up and
and drink tea or something
I got another dress from clover Canyon
and I kind of love it see you all on
Monday bye
