when I was in secondary school towards
the end I had a severe case of
arachnophobia due to some traumatic
spider related incidents that left me
unable to even say the word spider or
hear the word spider and soon my
household who called them Daleks just
cuz I couldn't I couldn't deal with the
word I couldn't deal with aranea which i
think is even worse a flashy but before
that when I was very very little the
thing I feared the most with people
breaking into the house people with guns
people chasing the kidnapping me wanting
to kill me that sort of stuff is very
big and dark and I think I discussed
that in a video before in both these
cases and both these fears and with so
many others throughout my life like when
I was very worried about not getting the
right grades or not getting into any
universities at all etc etc etc I really
fixated on them got really obsessed with
them and thought played out all these
different thought experiments and
scenarios related to them that was my
minds way of coping but it also trapped
me within it and that wasn't a pleasant
at all I mean it's a pattern that still
happens but not in the same way and not
necessarily around the same things I
remember having conversation with one of
my friends from school which we were
talking about what would you get rid of
if you could take some me out of the
wall straight away just for your
personal happiness and comfort and put
it on like a distant planet or would
that be and for me the answer was
spiders and that was my go-to answer
every time we had this conversation but
one day I just woke up I had this
thought if we follow the spiders on one
planet then that would mean that there's
a planet of the spiders and that's even
more terrifying and that could be like
it's more like a little bubble where
even if they don't have the ability to
communicate which I think they develop
and evolve there would be some sets of
things any worse than just saw this
infestation it would just be horrible
there's a lot flashing back and forward
in this video so bear with me so I don't
know like I guess you guys are probably
seen an evolution in the way that I
reacted to things I was unhappy about in
terms of like the bigger discussions
about racism and sexism and all that
stuff I feel like when I was a little
bit younger I definitely lashed out a
lot more straightaway he just got very
angry and cottage to other downwards now
I like to take them a bit more reasoned
about these things I'm a bit more open
to the idea that may be the best
solution isn't showing someone out and
shake them down first thinking about
this in terms of the plant spiders thing
because I came to the realization
that if you keep like shutting people
out you don't agree with you not just in
terms of like shutting them out straight
away but more like trying to reason with
them trying to have a conversation with
them plays frustrating conversations
when the other person just isn't open to
anything you're saying if you're having
these conversations and then you shut
them out you kind of often end up with a
plan up despite a scenario where you
have this big divide and you end up in
this echo chamber and maybe within the
echo chamber the conversation so
incredible and you're learning a lot for
me other people around you but it's so
there's something stagnant about that I
think there's something that doesn't
quite work which is why now using this
space is can be really safe and
wonderful when you feel a bit kind of
vulnerable and I'm happy or even when
you don't feel honorable having the
support of other people often do you
think like you is actually quite a nice
thing there's a mainly just thought
spaces and I'm open to having four
outside of these spaces I see my role
more generally is elevating the things
that work rather than dismissing or
shutting down the things that don't I
find more than not especially now
because of how easy it is to see
everything that everyone said and kind
of had this like running transcript of
every mistake anyone's made or
everything anyone said leader it seems a
mistake yeah I feel like it's so easy to
completely shut someone down and dismiss
some of that if we keep going with a ton
tality we do create a plan up the spider
scenario because a lot of what we're
seeing isn't a mall for critical thought
all about critical thought but I feel
like a lot of what we're seeing is in
critical thought because we're focusing
on individuals rather than how all the
bits and pieces came together within our
society to make that situation real as a
mayor one we're using smaller things
which are problems but some more things
distract us from the bigger problems
because there's bigger problems feel so
overwhelming and you thought you can't
make any changes within them another
time when I was lashing out with people
it was because there's something in
myself that either I didn't quite
understand or I really regretted saying
or behaving like in the past I think you
really have to experience that process
of moving out of that or moving through
it more accurately to get um I don't
know somewhere else as much
it's horrifying I just wanted to share
the plan up the spiders weave thought
because for me it's been incredibly
helpful and it also just makes me stop
and think for a second I said no video
not too long ago that I also don't
really take crap anymore and that's true
but I feel like not taking crap isn't
equivalent to way with words like
knee-jerk reactions it's not quite the
same thing the adulthood adventures
continue I will see you guys on
Wednesday bye damn right
