hi everyone so in response in my
previous video which by the way and
mechanicus all said was so cool Akeelah
smoothie freak amazing lady yes that is
her real name commented to do a tutorial
on how to write diary because I feel
like I should be documenting this part
of my life and I was like okay obviously
there's no definitive way to write a
diary but this is just you know how I
feel about it let's pull back the
curtain and see how the source is just
made and give you some insight into how
I structure my diary without actually
needing to give you my diary and leave
you in a room by yourself to read all my
deepest hopes and fears and how many
people I have a crush on primary school
style I always start with the date in
the top right hand corner they could be
pushed that firmly into my brain the
thing about writing a diary for me is
that it's very consciously something I'm
going to look back on so I try to leave
myself as many clues as possible to them
that reading back process so I include
the day of the week because there's a
very big difference between my mood on a
Monday and a Friday and a Saturday in
the Sunday and all the days in between
and if you're trying to find out why
exactly you felt so sad or why you felt
so happy I feel like the day of the week
can often be a big clue often I don't
know what I don't like that often
underneath the date I wrote my current
location at the time of writing and the
time I mostly write my diary when I'm on
planes and trains but no Ferris wheels
yeah because these are the time that I
can really shut off I just have the
world in my immediate vicinity and a
committed relationship with a piece of
paper that's lying in front of me mainly
because in general a plane is in the sky
and the tube is underground you don't
get like internet and stuff I such it's
not possible for me in those situations
to be on call to my job with my family
or people try to sell me double-glazing
generally my entries begin with anything
from a few lines to a short paragraph on
my mood to that precise time of writing
like I'm feeling really rubbish right
now and I don't know why or I'm feeling
totally exhilarates and I just had the
most amazing week the following a couple
of paragraphs going to pick apart why
I'm in that mood and then we start to
play catch-up I'm often a lazy diarist I
don't make the time for it every single
day so there are often days weeks
sometimes even months between entries
that means you have to catch yourself up
a lot and I spend a lot of time doing
that but this is also a great way to
look back on what's happened in your
diary so far a lot of people really
don't like looking back
diary entries but I find it really
useful to understand where my headspace
was that and what was going on what I
didn't didn't say it just sucks you up
from the get-go with a really great
starting point for your entry to be
totally honest a common remark in this
section of my diary is I can't believe I
suddenly fancy so-and-so no no no no no
no no that is totally over I do not have
a crush on him anymore it's absolutely
disgusting because to view I'm five
years old oh another trip in all my
diary says I was really stressed out
about X but it turned out really well
when you're in the explaining bit it's
incredibly useful to know the gaps you
have to fill in
also if you lied in the previous entry I
don't often write my diary but sometimes
I do sometimes I don't really want to
acknowledge the way I'm feeling or what
happened I don't know like it's just
sometimes guilt and shame and whatever
plays its part even when you're talking
to yourself especially when you're
talking to yourself also don't know any
point be afraid to deviate from prose
normally when I'm trying to catch my
diary up I break it down into bullet
points because that way your hair
doesn't like sometimes you have things
faster often your hair things faster
then your hand can write though but it's
just a very quick way to get all the
things down that you want to get down
you can go back and embellish on them
and add a little asterisk since they
like to be continued with three pages
along etc the final book my entry and
often my favorite is what I have coming
up and what I want what I want could be
anything it can be personal professional
at the friendships of the next year this
is one way to keep your diary and she
really focus but it's also a great
opportunity to actually ask yourself
those questions like what is I don't
want what is it that motivates me what
is it that when I'm yearning for right
now other than like so and so random
pass and I have a giant a crush on
throughout insert photographs if you
want or do drawings or write in code and
sort of including people's names or use
mirror writing
above all when writing in your diary you
can totally disregard your video it is
your space and that is the magic of it I
will see you all on Monday
