hi everyone happy me and girls day
various things happen to me when the Sun
comes out like I guess I stop being such
a bitch the main things that I get
really into organizing activities it's
as though I'm a huge plant leaf and the
Sun is giving me all sorts of new
creative energy I just need to find an
outlet for it I don't know what the
scientific analogy to that is I didn't
really take science past juicy sea level
and then so within that part of it is
the activity itself like trampolining or
gardening or running or cycling or just
generally adventuring but the playing of
it is what i really love planning things
like trips to Los Angeles me okay
latitude festival highly themed to very
specific house parties while Cup final
day parties I get such a huge kick out
of planning and scheduling to the point
that it's embarrassing except I'm not
embarrassed by it anyway so I don't know
about you but when I was a kid I was
really obsessed with company klutz and
everything that they made and things
similar to it like the fill me in
journals why is there a helicopter going
I feel bad to be angry because someone's
probably jumped in the terms but come on
a trying to film video there are so many
of them bracelet making chess strategy
drawing all of these things they all had
spiral bind which is one thing that
really annoyed because I hate this
spiral bound books like I've just got
this huge aversion to all of these sorts
of books for how expensive they were
like 12 or 14 pounds so go to the
bookshelf I'd look through them why not
my mother for a little bit and then find
out that it wasn't getting one I got one
for my birthday once and then I think I
got hand-me-down one as well for my
sisters even when I grew too old for
that sort of thing I kept going back to
the journals that you can fill in like
they give you little guidelines are like
draw a picture of my face drew a picture
of my friends tell me about your life
bro always good guide me fill you in
journals I think he made eyes it's I was
about six or seven years old so I didn't
really need instruction in the journal I
don't need that direction I feel like I
understand my diary voice and I enjoy it
in that way but it was something fun and
different and they was I always found
them really intriguing so flash forward
10 or 15 years or so and I'm sent the
fuck I'm in my twenties book and the
guided journal the book is a lot like
the tumblr and has a lot of things that
you would have seen on the tumblr and is
therefore a great gift idea for people
who don't use tumblr along with our log
into a tumblr account with a guided
journal is basically the grownup version
to all of my hopes and dreams for
example I
put it on a random page top three
mistakes I've made people watching
imagine the lives they are leading a
place for drunk ramblings what are you
nervously anticipating best possible
outcome worst possible outcome this
one's allowed a lot of extra space for
the worst possible outcome so you can
really go into detail about what your
fears I was also sent this which is
letters to my future self which is kind
of like my letters I'll never send
project but with nice and presentation
and more about you know yourself there
are some great prompts in here but
honestly the biggest source of
excitement for me is that this is an
older version of all those books I was
obsessed with when I was younger just to
give you a little idea there's a prompt
here like these are my fruits and it
says sealed on date and to be opened on
date all the things I'd like to try some
day etc etc so what I really want to
know is twofold one do you guys have all
this new crazy some energy or is that
just a weird me thing to did you like
the clots activity book style things my
favorite was the one that I was given
for my birthday which was the drawing
one with quentin blake and you had the
red pencil and the black pencil and you
could fill in the rest of the dragon or
dinosaur whatever and he just went
through the book and their lives are
pretty fun prompts I loved it and loved
it so let me know I will see you guys on
what day is it wednesday i will see you
on friday bye so yeah New York in three
weeks la in seven weeks that's pretty
exciting yay bye
