so over the weekend I was walking down
the high street as I do pretty much
every day at some point I was taking
things to the charity shop on this
occasion and there's really really old
woman who had a Zimmer frame when
everything was coming down and came up
to me she said Oh have a card in Queen
what should I do with my avocados is
these London
East London's weird you get a lot of
very odd people and I quite like that
people feel comfortable enough to come
up and talk to you sometimes as long as
they're not creepy man which happens a
bit too often anyway so I was continuing
on I took myself to the chat shop and
then I went to get some food from the
supermarket now the supermarket I was
pushing around my head charlie and
putting things in the basket when this
little kid who'd clearly like gone rode
with a trolley crashes into me he said I
have a Carter Queen what should I do
with my avocados so it's just like this
is really weird maybe they're related
maybe there's like something in the
water
probably not drink that for a little
while just tea because if you boil it
then I'm feeling weird and the water
goes away and as I walked home I stepped
in front in the path of a black cat and
I'm not really superstitious about these
things but this black cat after crossing
my path turned around looked at me and
miaowed / Carter Queen what should I do
with my avocados I'm gonna show you
today one of my favorite avocado snacks
you can embellish it a little bit and
I'll talk you through that as well I
haven't for breakfast or not the time or
if you're working at home it's a really
easy quick snack to prepare but it also
feels like a little bit luxurious so
first take your ripe avocado you will
also need some basil and some flatbread
I really like these you can also do this
on rice cakes okay
spread even but I don't really eat bread
and I like these a lot of these are the
sweet chili varieties so I'm gonna take
a knife and cut your avocado in half
that wasn't quite half Cohoes distracted
by trying to get it on camera let's just
make it hard this so if the next step
you can either use a knife or a spoon
depending on what you feel most
comfortable with
I felt like using the spoon because I
feel like you get all we have
out in that way you can just scoop out
the avocado and put it on top of your
flatbread
really simple literally just scoop it up
you can scoop thinner sections like it's
literally to taste as you can imagine I
quite like having a lot about the
cottage really make sure you sweep out
the avocado there is so much goodness
and that next take your basil and give
it a rinse and then shred it a bit and
put it on top of your avocado like Tim
then if you like pepper get some black
pepper which always goes so well I've
never cut it and just take it on top now
as would exercise videos you can do this
with a few modification
British tomatoes are in season right now
and that absolutely delicious these are
Jubilee vine tomatoes I always love
Tomatoes off the vine and just cut up
your tomato into little strips
what strokes what are called wedges
wedges it's easier in the little carves
as well and pop them on top in a lot of
ways it's like a Mexican bruschetta I
really like doing this with the oak
dried tomatoes from Whole Foods because
those are just my favorite things ever
but Whole Foods
sometimes when they get to go to because
it's not like near to me another big
modification is that avocado tastes
really good with citrus so you can add
some citrus onto that or an auntie one
that I do I'm feeling especially like
sad or or hungry is Thai sweet chili
sauce just drizzled on top of all of
that and it just tastes incredible these
tomatoes are ridiculously fresh so nice
and there you have it
you
