hello so it's the first day of vlogmas
it's like 11 p.m. I just came back from
seeing the film Lady Bird which is
fantastic and I am struggling a little
bit with knowing really what to say in
this first video vlogmas i had
Christmassy plans for the first video
but they didn't really manifest not only
because it's not really what this child
has ever been but also because my brain
has been bursting its banks there is a
lot going on in my life there are
incredible opportunities coming up there
have been incredible opportunities
behind me there has been so much
wonderful stuff but it has also been a
lot it has been a year and in the
context of everything that's happening
in the world and trying to stay informed
and everything it's just sometimes it's
just a lot so this year I made a choice
at the end of August to mostly step away
from Twitter I was a Twitter fiend if
you followed me on Twitter you know you
saw I tweeted a lot I really sat in the
feed a lot and used that as a measure of
how informed I was how many voices I was
listening to you but also engaging in my
friends lives most of my friends many of
my friends not miss my friends but many
of my friends have pretty active
presences on social media across the
board but especially Twitter and what I
found when I stopped using Twitter or
mostly stopped using Twitter other than
to share pictures of Brandon Flowers at
the killers in London this week which
was amazing what I found what I mostly
stopped using Twitter is that I and my
friends also used it as ways to signal
my mood or say something about my day
without saying it directly to a friend
so instead of saying for example I went
to a bakery today and I got this food to
a friend I would say it on Twitter and
it would be it would always serve as
saying that instead so there would be
this kind of gap in communication there
doesn't matter so much when it's about
like a bakery but does matter when it's
about how you're doing and your mood and
things that made you happy and things
that made you sad I think that that is
one of the core problems in some of the
things that we're finding with the
communication I would say communication
wise I been pretty bold
at least in recent years about diving
into big conversations and that's what I
like to talk about I like I'm really
curious about the way other people see
the world I'm curious about I don't know
the way I think about big questions and
even about situations I want to know
what it's like to see a situation from a
different angle and to understand it
differently and find a different
rationalization through it and I've
especially been curious about that this
year obviously with these very divergent
opinions and different things fueling
different opinions and everyone thinking
that they are absolutely right at least
on one point so I'm kind of I'm just
trying to understand that a bit more in
general but also I think it's how I'm
happiest as a person is hearing from
other people about what their lives are
like and how they see things and
learning from that learning from them
since I've not been known to adjust so
much I have found have had more of those
conversations and even more directly and
sometimes even more regularly so I was
thinking about why that wasn't happening
before my initial default response was
oh it's where I am for that and it
wasn't really true it's kind of when I
am in my life I'm 26
most of my friends are in very serious
relationships and I really had that
feeling that everyone has their first
person that they would tell something to
like if something amazing happens in
your life something really worth
celebrating something devastating
everyone else I felt had that first
person and for me that first person has
been and seems to continue to be my
friends like one of many or my friends
as a collective understanding that and
really looking at it directly in the
mirror rather than in the strange
refracted way that you do when you talk
about feelings and things like Twitter
where you're kind of pointing the lights
somewhere and not really looking at it
directly made me realize like that I was
actually quite sad and that I was
feeling really lonely that I felt like
some kind of transition had happened in
my life where I was supposed to do the
next thing and find someone maybe not
permanently to share my life with but
just to find someone to be my first
person and I'd missed it somehow because
I was focusing on other things focusing
on the many brilliant things that
happening in my life but also that
somehow in general I had forgotten how
to communicate that I had missed a
lesson on how to communicate as an arrow
with your friends but I'm understanding
more now is that maybe I never really
knew how to have those conversations
directly and that's actually something
that I'm learning for the first time and
learning through having those
conversations and through reading and
through the many things that you were
exploring but it has been interesting to
see who responds to what because
obviously some people don't want to go
in with the big board questions and they
don't want to have those kinds of
discussions and you know there are also
people who I would say some things too
and other people who I wouldn't so it's
the most basic thing in a lot of ways
but it's been really nice to reestablish
modes of communication with people that
are outside of this as I say there's
kind of refracting mirrors that we all
set up part of why this is my first blog
post videos because I think that this is
a really lonely time of year for a lot
of people me included not only because
of the grief thing if you've lost
someone it's very hard it's very hard
time of year but also because of this
expectation of what Christmas looks like
it looks like social the time parties
every night surrounded by people
surrounded by love surrounded by hope
surrounded by excitement but I also
think that anytime you're around people
who you will always have in your life
hopefully and that you love having your
life but you don't necessarily talk to a
lot there can be these rifts and
communication you've kind of forgotten
how to talk to each other you're maybe
sending a couple of texts every now and
then but you're not really talking about
things and that can be very scary and it
sort of disrupts your sense of yourself
and your relationship with that person I
think that we're learning as societies
that we need to be better communicators
with one another I'm going to be
uploading video every day this month and
if there's anything in particular you'd
like me to talk about let me know in
comments and I'll see what I can do and
some of them will be a bit more
Christmassy other ones will be like this
we'll see so merry vlogmas
I'll speak to you tomorrow
