hi everyone today I'm going to talk
about boys Snowbird by Helen oyeyemi
which is one of the books I read when I
was on holiday with Marian and which is
absolutely fantastic I've been reading a
lot of books that aren't the two
extremes absolutely wonderful must-reads
of the year or completely forgettable
don't even want to make a video book
about them if you haven't read anything
by hand an iamb before it sounds like a
cliche but you're missing out some years
ago she won the grant to best young
British novelist prize first let me give
you a little taste of the plot man I
don't want to say too much because I
feel like more than most books this
counts on you having an unfurling
narrative and and and just not really
knowing much as you go into it boy
Snowbird starts with a young woman in
her teens who has a terrible cruel
father who is just absolutely abusive to
her and she fantasizes about running
away until one day she does it she goes
from New York and takes the first bus
you can and ends up in flax Hill
Massachusetts suffice to say that things
are quite different now you all know
that I love a good mystery and I like
things being tied together at the end as
well and that's when there is satisfying
sorts of books and this is kind of like
that in a lot of ways even though it is
and also a lot of ways very literary
fiction in part it falls under that
generational umbrella but it's also a
history of women and if you've read a
few too many books in present day
contemporary situations recently you
might want to go back a bit to the 19
somethings and experience boy Snowbird I
don't know about anywhere else in the
world but in the UK it came out in
hardback on the 27th of February this
year 12 pounds 99 the hardback is really
worth it something a little bit fairy
tale-like but high quality book high
quality publication there's a wonderful
epigraph from Ellen and Ross Taylor that
says wait girl your head is becoming the
pillow and just to give you an idea of
the voice with which this book opens
nobody ever warned me about mirrors so
if many years I was fond of them and
believed them to be trustworthy I'd hide
myself away inside them setting up two
mirrors up to face each other so that
when I stood between them
I was infinitely reflected in either
direction many many Me's when I stood on
tiptoe we all stood on tiptoe trying to
see the first of us and the last the
effect was dizzying a vast pulse
not quite alive more like the working of
an automated I felt the reflection at my
shoulder like a touch I was on the most
familiar terms with her
get it as usual I'd love to hear your
opinions if you've read boys no bud or
if you're planning on picking it up just
let me know in comments otherwise I will
see you guys on Monday bye
