hi so I'm here behind the scenes of a
chosen but being an event at the
Guardians this is chef number bryan
ferry today to meet you in there said
executive and so much fun doing the book
what's this a call when you experience a
labor again during the second book cool
was it still something with the first
well the new book has the first book in
it but what really happened is people
read the first book and especially for
new graduates mmm want to wing in the
question is how you know how do I find a
job we already gave shape for myself
especially if I'm a woman how do I
figure out what I want to do the first
place and so this book has chapters
written by experts to answer the stories
as well as amazingly news stories from
amazing women like you i would say which
phone is so much fun doing and i really
enjoyed working with the edges and
everyone who kind of picked it out and
firstly he's behind the camera right my
hobbies i wouldnt me along the way um
but do you do you enjoy that process of
cloud to brighton wooden editor i do and
i really love the hardest thing about
putting this book out both in the US the
UK was taking the stories because since
leenon was founded on lean in torg
hundreds of women and men have put their
stories up stories like yours yeah of
challenges they faced in their life and
what they did to overcome them and so
your story which everyone should read
it's up here is a great story of
speaking out when you were young a
political way on a video yeah and
getting a lot of feedback some of which
was positive summer which was negative
but learning how to overcome that and
learning how to continue to channel
channel that debate so great you're
greatly with the fun efficient one of
the biggest things I took away from the
frosting in brook which is all saying
this one with the idea written up being
a career ladder but a jungle gym and now
that's a lot more kind of flexibility in
terms of job bro there's like sexy time
as well and you of course work at the
facebook but you will save writing books
since you've become a speaker as well on
all these
closes do you think that women have more
opportunities in the more flexible work
environment yeah we all have more
opportunities and we have flexible work
environment and importantly
flexibilities important preventive yeah
because if we're going to get to a
quality it's not just women tolling in
but it's also men so that they can do
their jobs both as parents and fathers
and brothers and friends the way women
do so amazing thank you for all you're
doing for being such a great amazing
example thank you and thanks for
watching guys and you can check out the
backup of all the information in the
description bar below bye
Janice here she was in East London and
her stories from above at 17 daedric yep
she published to put a video online
which was a political video talking
about why people would vote for certain
people and wounded two not expecting
much feedback and not a lot and actually
a really serious situation of a logic
map on the YouTube video to post and now
she's one of the best known and most
followed father's here and with all
kinds of Union and she need an intruder
story of summer several
