hey daddy I'm mainly making this video
to say happy birthday you would be 68
this year which means it's always been
three years just madness you've missed
kind of a bit I've graduated now just
before mum saw the house I moved out and
moved in with three friends from YouTube
and it's it's been really great I'm now
living with two of them and a slightly
better flat as well so we're going off
in the world I went to retail for a
while it's doing work experience I was
keeping on with all this digital stuff
I've been very lucky to have a computer
in my house ever since I was little even
lucky I have to have it always have been
a Mac god forbid pcs have much I whined
that the sims for Mac was ten pounds
more expensive Steve Jobs died just a
few months after you died it feels like
a long time ago now but that was that
was kind of big news they have the
autobiography in the village Apocrypha
and the biography of him the Walter
Isaacson one and there's this one
picture of you and he's a similar
picture in time after Steve Jobs died
that looks so much like you I think I
just said this is one picture of you
know it's one picture of Steve Jobs that
looks so much like you it's quite scary
yeah it's all quite different and
strange what else what else what else so
I was working in top man in Oxford
Circus and then I started working for my
friend John who I think you never met
and you always a little skeptical of him
namely when you once said I wasn't
allowed to go to a job or anything but
then I convinced you otherwise and I
convinced you otherwise I mean we had a
big argument then I think I just left
hey things weren't so great I wouldn't
have ever I think it's hard to say
because I was 19 and then compared to
now but I don't feel like we would ever
have this conversation then so I feel
like I want to make up for this and have
this noun update you on what's been
going on just because I don't know I
didn't want to share it then when you
become an adult you separate it from
your parents in a way and for at least I
do and that's that kind of fine with me
we have to find our own ways in the
world and part of that is is having
experiences that do feel like there
you don't have to share them and magic
we're surprised by how much I enjoy
being an adult yes I'm sorry I say we're
from done just every year we go and it's
been really fantastic and he's doing
credibly well even granny
you know how knows just how well he's
been doing whenever I do go see her she
says oh he said he's at number two now
and this week goes oh it's at number one
now granny's doing well she's 94 now
I've just been doing loads of different
projects and feeling really free to do
all those projects which it's also must
have been your influence in some way um
from being a contractor and telling me
that a permanent job wasn't necessary
and to look for contract work it wasn't
necessarily in the field that you would
have loved me to be in maybe but I
really love I love working freelance
just recently just in 2014 alone which
feels kind of like it's I don't know it
sounds too pretentious to say it feels
like it's my year I've been in glamour
been in Glamour magazine which you never
read I went to a premiere that was
really fun and I'm in a book now
published which I remember telling you I
would be when I was like 7 years old I
think or maybe even younger I told you
I'd be published I think I told you I'd
be published by the time I was 14
because that seemed really old but now
the ancient age of 22 I have two pages
in this great follow-up book and a
meeting Sheryl Sandberg
tomorrow and I'm just so excited on your
birthday
I miss arguing with you a lot and I feel
like this book could have provided a lot
for us to argue about in terms of the
role of women and men in the workplace
and I think that even though I lot of me
would have been frustrated part of me
would have really enjoyed that this room
now I'm minimizing constantly constantly
minimizing what I own and everything
just feels lighter and better in that
week just after you died I had all these
thoughts about the typical things I
guess things that happen when people die
and how you've seen them on TV and all
that stuff and I had all these
expectations of that period after you'd
gone
and I sort of felt like I would probably
want to hold on to quite a lot but from
the start that hasn't really been the
case I'm seeing your desk which you
wouldn't like see them like us sitting
on desks sorry it's very comfortable
just to sit on and it's very solid but
I've got your Westham scarf their
eleventh and their Premier League right
now and there but I mean it doesn't
sound may be that great were they what
they've been playing very well the last
few matches
Bertrand Russell history of Western
philosophy just yours still with your
annotations and tiny writing I cannot
bloody read for the life of me and your
stamp album it's been really cool
looking through and seeing where you've
got stamps from and thinking about who
you were writing to where you were
traveling I think it makes me wish we've
been a bit more open with each other
it's that inevitable thing when someone
dies you kind of find out or the secrets
of their life and the things that they
didn't say and I know that there are a
lot of things that you're pretty scared
about but I just hope that I don't know
what I hope it's messy I mean like it's
mess and I miss you and I hope all your
birthday's here we're happy when you
were with us so happy birthday daddy
right
