ok
here at the London the class
it's a lot different from last year
eating that
Oh
thanks for subscribe
sadly that's worth of footage ends
because I'm such a pro video bloggers
that I forgot to film anything else but
we had a great time at the London Book
Fair the panel was a great success as
well more on that next week from sauna
it was such an exciting time if you look
at the tag you'll see people's comments
and it was well received Google very
minded and it's a hard juggle sometimes
because you don't want to tell all your
secrets and you have even if it doesn't
feel like working even if you just feel
like you've been youtubing and
discovering this whole wall kind of
naturally it is years of your own
personal experience that you've invested
in this whole world so you don't want to
just give that away to people but at the
same time you just want to in my words
were kind of like you just want to turn
them in the right direction and there
are so many obstacles in their path and
that's up to them to sort that out but
we just see which on a point you in the
right direction oh by the way the
fabulous young one at the end is the
famous Clarissa from every publishing at
penguin Random House company lots of
exciting things going on i will give you
dated on that don't forget that i mostly
make videos every Monday Wednesday and
Friday if you do watch my videos from
the work to watch page or from your
subscriptions then it is more likely
that they will show up in your
subscriptions it's just a weird YouTube
thing I'm gonna go now but I will see
you guys on Monday bye
