hey guys today I'm going to talk to you
about poetry oh you are leaving now you
wait well for those of you who are left
I don't read poetry as much they used to
I'd say the height of my poetry reading
poetry consumption was in a levels the
a-level years maybe because I was being
exposed to so much of it was my exams
also I think because I was doing so much
that it was really nice to be able to
dip in and out of books as well anyway
so now my poetry slam that's taking
place in April first got me thinking a
lot about contemporary poets really made
me dig and look for them especially
because I normally go back to my old
staple favorites by Sylvia Plath
Christina Rossetti as a rich ordered let
Tennyson like all those all although
classics as it were one of the
organizers of the panjab poetry slam
sent me dean at his debut collection
which is about living in london living
as a gay man living as a black man
living with anger living for brotherhood
and really just living in general i was
really impressed by this collection
which is only like 90 pages or so seven
pounds ninety-nine and it's published by
Westbourne press running through some of
the poems and the lines that really
stood out for me the line and young
black and gay that you could befriend
sinners and still not sin came as a min
really Karen came as a moment of strange
relief and reflection within the poem
often my favorite poems are those that
really play with language and this is
one of those collectors where there
certainly is a lot of wordplay lot of
punning and rhyming and double meaning
but also the repeated idea that he is
kind of denied access to some language
especially his mother's language which
is Greek I believe the provocative line
from paper cuts you can't prove a thing
with a page left blank and a fantastic
firm about the London riots called smash
and grab and the powers that came into
that whether that was the riot is taking
over this session of mourning and
protest or whether it address the
greater problem that led these writers
still want to do that in the first place
it repeats the image of brushing things
under the rug and test these powerful
lines as a carpet of crime covers this
country what's truly criminal is the
neglect with which we have raised his
children some of the poems are quite
short or dislike or stream of
consciousness like others take on a
broader narrative format like the poem
key to the city and in those poems
really find yourself in part of London
itself or in part of Cyprus or just
somewhere around so I hope that maybe
inspired some of you to pick up a poetry
collection go browse the shelves at your
library or book shop or to check out the
online poetry
I'll put all the details of that and
description bar below I think it starts
eight for the first time the causing
about love purchase and it's basically
open to anyone with access to the
internet you can submit your work you
can comment on people's work it's a huge
collaborative project and you know how
enough collaborative projects door then
they're my fave my voice is getting
distinctly more frog like but I would
love to hear more about the poetry that
you are reading listening to you
watching all of that stuff whether it's
in a poetry collection in to see a pearl
I've we're going to purchase land or
watching it through button poetry or
something like that so just let me know
what what's up the poetry new what's
what's your relationship to poetry all
the questions all the hard stuff I will
see you guys on Wednesday
