last year I will send a review copy of
lean in which is this book right here by
Sheryl Sandberg you've probably seen my
review of it if you haven't you can
check that now but also if you're
watching my videos throughout 2013 I
mentioned it a lot because it was really
formative for me especially as I left
University and entered the working world
the book has been really helpful for me
in practical ways in terms of arming me
with strategies and things to use in the
workplace and in my general attitude of
projects and all that sort of stuff but
it's also been useful in arming me with
information I think know something I've
spoken about before the thing that were
the first book this one is that it isn't
a lot of weight it's aimed to women who
are already in the working world we've
been in the working world for say 10
years and were ready to have a change or
even 20 years and she really want to
step forward and push their progression
within the working environment and in so
many ways isn't just for women it's for
men as well to take these things aboard
and be cognizant of them to it men in
hiring and managerial roles have a lot
of awareness about about what they're
dealing with what's going on all the
different skewed ways that we view
statistics of the equal number of women
and men in a room or women and men
putting their hands up all that sort of
stuff so I gave lean in to pretty much
everyone forced them to read it passed
around gave it to them for birthdays and
Christmases and just said you have to
you have to read it even here in love
every single part of it I want to talk
about it with you I want to have this
conversation with you
I just really pushed me to seek out more
nonfiction by women which again is
something that I didn't realize I was
kind of skirting over and not really
realizing that I wasn't reading much
nonfiction by women anyway a flashback
three months or so and I go out when my
regular brunch is with one of the
contacts at a publishing company and she
says we're trying to do an updated
version of lean in for students I think
that's wonderful and fantastic and
really exciting especially as we've seen
from the engagement on my Rochon the
union video and just from the
discussions that we will have that there
is a huge market for books like that for
people who are in their 20s anyway even
younger than that who are interested in
looking forward in seeing how they can
progress and how they can apply these
strategies to their daily life then she
hinted that there might be another
exciting way for me to be involved and a
little while later I found out that they
wanted to include a story about the
maytee survey in the updated version of
linen and they wanted me to write it and
it's not like it's not really long it's
I'm like I don't want you to think that
I've written like a huge massive chapter
or like half I wrote this book named
everybody short essay
my personal experience being a woman on
YouTube and the things that drove me to
start the lady survey I then worked with
one of the editors of the book who made
it really like tight and polished and
wonderful I really enjoyed that process
later I got a copy of the finished book
which is out in April they've got loads
of extra chapters with information about
like negotiating your salary and all
that sort of stuff that no one has
haven't really taught me before in
addition to that there are stories just
like my story about women leaning in
young women all over the world this is
the first time I've ever been published
in the book and I've always wanted to be
published and I've always you know I
love writing stories mainly fiction but
this is just so exciting when I
absolutely adored the first lean in book
and I think Sheryl Sandberg's doing
something really important sitting
reading the contents page and then
flicking to my section is just aa really
cool really not something that I thought
would happen at the age of 22 so I just
like to thank everyone at WH Island for
making happen and Sheryl Sandberg
herself and just everyone involved for
the production of this book I'll put all
the information about release dates and
all that stuff in the description bar
below I don't know that my story's good
to be in the US edition of the leanin
graduation I don't think it is but you
can have a look through and see and see
whether or not it is I not finished on a
very dramatic I'd like to thank the
Academy sort of note I'd also like to
say thank you to you because you by
supporting my work and by commenting and
liking and sharing it and by most of all
interacting and collaborating with me on
things like the women on YouTube panel
and the lady survey and all the
conversations that we've been having you
have really made this possible for me
and you've made me feel more confident
in my search to know more about the
issues that women face especially online
thank you very much
the next video on this channel will be
on Friday and it will be a review of the
film divergent so watch out for that
you're gonna get the book just let me
know in comments I guess yay bye
just once more little note you might
have noticed that it's called lenient
for graduates by no means exclusive to
the graduates fear to the University
graduates fear it's mainly because in
the States you can graduate high school
and you can graduate primary school and
all that stuff so it's just people
looking is that it that kind of mental
stage of graduation and moving on in
life and why is my voice making this
noise
so yeah bye
