before I jump into talking about Harry
Potter and JK Rowling let me just first
say that i put a memory card in my
camera as usual i was about to format
taking it ready for filming when I just
had this really strong feeling there was
something on that memory card that I
couldn't delete something that was kind
of Earth shatteringly important to my
life that I needed to keep on that
memory card so i look through i press
the little like play button thing i look
through it and it's all these pictures
of waka male and avocados sorry earth
shattering me important anyway movie
going to the main part of the video so
now that the whole like Harry Ron
Hermione like what situation has blown
over a little bit the whole comment said
JK Rowling made and one ply magazine
that was taken completely out of context
that maybe hermione's shouldn't have
married 10 this whole conversation Joe
be crazy and I love you asked me for my
thoughts on it so I thought I'd wait
until it blown over a bit and then dive
into it firstly it's a fantastic
interview so it makes me sad that it was
taken out of context and that people
focused on that one facet of that
interview it's pretty rare that JK
Rowling gives interviews and you know
maybe this is why because she can't say
a damn thing without people taking it as
like this huge explosive comment it's
weird little thing actually because she
stays away from the media because it's
not something that she loves because of
that when she does foray into the media
other parts of the media pick up on it
and exploded and it's only because it's
like overblown story likes that's like
Oh Jacob all I actually said something
which is just ridiculous in itself but
that's not where we're at today what I
want to talk about today is the ash tree
that we have to the things she says when
she talks about the Harry Potter books
and it's an attitude that I can kind of
understand because she has continued the
conversation in a way through Porter
more than through little comments but
that attitude that feeling that whatever
she says is I the gospel or heresy or
some extreme some living facts about the
story or some intrusion into the story
that really frustrates me because I am
very interested to see what she has to
say about the book that doesn't mean
that it's fact it doesn't mean that for
me that changes anything for me like the
love situations and Harry water books
would never really you know interesting
to me but I understand there are some
people and that's completely fine but
I'm interested to hear how her opinions
change and what she thinks about the
series and what she thinks about the
series in relation to other books and
what she thinks about books now and I
just want to hear her opinion she's a
very intelligent woman
and I enjoy hearing her speak and
hearing her say things and hearing her
that was same as speak and reading
articles and I just enjoy know what she
has to say because she's such a great
storyteller I enjoy JK Rowling long as
they enjoy JK Rowling that's not all i'm
gonna say because i'm going to keep
talking about this breanna what is your
problem today i think from our
perspective as fans or whatever other
than just the media because you know a
lot of the moment to dicks I'm sorry not
sorry other than the media the way we
react to that sort of information I
think we have to think about what what
we're asking for we're kind of silencing
her in a little ways I say you can't
talk about Harry Potter because we'll
treat it in this way and we'll go to the
extremes about it and obviously that is
part of an expression fact that we're so
devoted to these books and they mean a
lot to us we love these stories and we
love these characters however we're not
allowing her to have that kind of
critical distance from her own work
which i think is a problem I think that
that's kind of a failure on our part
expanding on that I think we're denying
her a part of the creative process that
that's a very natural part of the
creative presence you want to be able to
look back and think about these things
and talk about these things not
necessarily to the press but she's
chosen to talk about it too depressed to
Emma Watson or or to whoever that she
chooses to talk about it with just the
fact that we like latch onto it in that
way yeah it makes me deeply
uncomfortable and it makes me sad
because I don't want her to feel like
she can't talk about these things that
you can't say or maybe I shouldn't have
done that maybe you know that doesn't
change it her saying maybe I should or
shouldn't have done this or now I'm
thinking or perhaps it would have been
interesting to have the blast ended
screws be Horcruxes like that doesn't
change the reality of the book that the
book is finished and the fact that the
book is finished is why she can talk
about it now even with possum what you
don't have to take that as fact that's
just hot in her world sharing this
information again doesn't have to be
cannon it's up to us like we make cannon
cannon is made by us is not made by the
world around the book that's not like a
thing that happens of its own accord
it's something we participate in it's
something that we create and that's
something that I really want to focus on
over the next few months because I've
been thinking a lot about how my
curation of
50 book book collection is not a process
sort of destruction it's not of throwing
things away the process of creation
putting things together and yeah and
making something new whether or not
Hermione and Ron ended up together we
should have ended up together what are
we saying about her opinion I just don't
buy a lot of the conversations at least
that happened around this piece of dues
but basically leave JK Rowling alone
just one last point a few people kind of
in line a little bit with that woman who
wrote on Huffington Post that JK Rowling
should never write another book and give
one else chance a lot people said that
JK Rowling should just not express
opinions about how watch anymore but
it's really unfair exactly like that I
just don't want that to be the case I
want every author to be able to talk
about their own work without us like
privilege doing it above everything else
anyway that's Monday I promise hopefully
that I will make three videos this week
rather than like the two video weak
trend but you know it's its Creed a busy
life next n22 and I saw high again when
bouldering there's terrible idea because
I'm bad at it it really hurts oh and I
read a book that I can't talk to you
about you know like it's a busy life if
you're new to this channel I technically
make videos every Monday Wednesday
Friday but sometimes that goes a little
bit awry if you do like what you see
please like subscribe comment all that
stuff and if you don't like what you see
that's okay goodbye my hair looks bit
ginger and the camera and like it feels
kind of appropriate for today because
you know Weasley's
