hi everyone so one of the pretty common
questions that I'm asked in emails and
things like that is what where do you
get your books from how do you pick the
books that you're going to review
generally a lot of them just come from
wandering round book shops and seeing
what I like and chatting to staff and
asking for recommendations and sometimes
I'll have read a review from someone
that I really trust as well additionally
through video blogging and things like
that publishers often send me books and
they'll email me and ask me whether I
want to check out a certain book and I
say yes no maybe it's really important
to me that I'm not just kind of taking
absolutely everything that I really pick
books that I think sound interesting and
there's scenarios when publishers
approach you but there is another Avenue
and that's the blog of branch or blogger
events braga evenings that sort of stuff
I went to my first hotkey blogger brunch
and I think it was auto last year it was
hot key books which is where I my
flatmate sauna works it's very like
school IT presentation there's power
points as handouts all that stuff at
this hot key blogger much there was this
book that they talked about and that was
I vemuri Palmer's the end of the world
as we know it now I have that book and I
actually read it all in one day because
I thought I had so much fun with it it's
really delicious fun yummy but it would
fall into the young adult category
multiple narratives lots of rising
action and centers around these
teenagers who inadvertently become the
sole survivors of an alien invasion
attack thing they're all attendees at a
house party but because of certain
circumstances around their relationships
they end up being a situation that
allows them to be the only survivors
this is really roundabout way of saying
I don't want to spoil this for you it
wasn't a lot of ways very breakfast club
e like four people from different social
groups you don't think are going to be
friends have to work together in this
really emergency situation what I
particularly love is that it's very
conscious of that genre and it even
makes a reference to breakfast club and
it references all those similar types of
films and bonding experiences it's kind
of like breakfast club but zombieland
breakfast club and the other thing I
would say is that even though it is
quite a light region certainly a fun
read the characters are a lot more
complex than you think definitely
characters who would be easy to like
cast of a stereotypical and all that
stuff but now that wonderful wonderful
characters great and I particularly like
the two young woman in it because I felt
like they really are though so cool I
just want to be them I would
leave it comes out on the six of march
in the UK published by hot key books and
it has this amazing cover which fun fact
this isn't like graphics or anything
these are actual lights that they
created and then a photographer took
pictures of them and these lights and
now in the hotkey office I didn't know
whether they're turned on all the time I
will see you guys on Wednesday like
