today is a day for listening to Taylor
Swift Haim Lord sleigh bells the
killer's Ellie Goulding no doubt
painting your nails watching friends
with benefits but making sure that no
unruly parents are around inviting your
friends over to eat ice cream get a
little bit tipsy and watch camp takota
reading a book about a man stuck all by
himself on Mars a book that makes you
laugh or a book that makes you love
truly love someone and all they've given
to a community ordering yourself flowers
and chocolates because it's important
for everyone to know how desired you are
and anything that draws attention to
your mouth is good referencing clueless
and seeing clueless and being clueless
and living clueless watching west wing
in the background while you power
through emails you can do it the west
wing making administrative tasks excess
of the late 1990s playing robot unicorn
2 or plug in your old n 64 AD mario
karting and goal denying and 1080
snowboarding all the way home the Holy
Trinity of food preparation make a gin
and tonic so that you can drink it while
you make welcome morning so you can
snack on it while you make your main
course after five years finally paying
off your overdraft yes setting yourself
realistic goals for the rest of the
month and realizing that the rain is not
going to stop you running and that you
should probably drop everything now and
meet Taylor Swift in the pouring rain a
little bit obsessed going through all
those magazines you have piled up
somewhere and ripping out only the stuff
that is good and helpful and useful and
insightful and makes you feel really
really great about yourself and don't
say anything that has any sort of clue
about how to paint inside the nails with
nail varnish and do liquid iron it
because those are the eternal questions
my friend writing lists lots of lists
eternal wists telling your friends that
you love them because friends are the
best especially when they come over so
you can finally watch cap Dakota and
don't have to spend the rest of the day
staring at your email in the inbox
there's a link right there and you can't
watch it because you told your friends
that you would wait for them to watch it
and oh my god
happy Valentine's Day everyone I hope
you have a wonderful day bye I love you
so here is something that I wondered
Lauren Conrad famously said her father
had told her that flowers mean I'm sorry
and chocolates mean I love you so does
that mean that everyone is walking
around with flowers of apology today
that's that's interesting the camera
just cut me off because it was like
narrows Jana that's not interesting
you're talking about the hills again go
away see you guys Monday
