how do you write a cookbook it seems
like you must say from zero to on judge
is a bit of a crazy process actually I
think it's like any big creative project
it's quite daunting start with because I
just start with the blank computer
screen and then you read no you have to
have like 200 recipes
three months later so yeah it's quite
quite daunting and I guess my first work
I kind of had this backlog of recipes
I've been kind of saving up for it a lot
of those were just naturally there
anyway but with this book yeah it was
definitely a bit more of kind of a
trying out testing process it's a chart
with everything that I want to eat in
everyone everything everything that I
think would be you know suitable for the
book this books all about the seasons
it's all about cooking through the
seasons and I decided that for me the
four seasons felt a bit too kind of for
the actual perect of the year and the
produce is around so I've just decided
to stick an extra cheesy move in pretty
the beginning of the book is called the
start of the air and then we go into
kind of the first one days Herald of
spring summer heralds is brilliant in
the way I think that's why I wanted the
book to be as well a bit more sort of
evoke that feeling you get that summer
here
it's actually asparagus which I think
everyone has heard and done before I
felt like the kind of feelings that you
get around that time of year or the kind
of change in the way you cook so I very
differently in you know December than I
do in June and I wanted to kind of try
and get that across as well so that's
why so it's kind of each chapters two
months basically why is he easily
important I feel like I've become more
aware of it - and what's it things just
taste any better around there yeah how
can easily help but the flavors will be
just so much questioner so much more
obvious take money it will be most
likely be local you know obviously we we
don't go certain things you know all the
time in the UK but wherever you are in
the world you know there are local
things that no are the other thing that
you'll have to occasionally buy from
other places but um so yeah that that
kind of reduction in food miles
definitely is much better for the
environment obviously I like to kind of
league with the joy and deliciousness of
eating right then you know working my
finger at anyone or even the election
it's like I've given you other books
quite a few people are not so pleased
because that was my aim
because I felt like the word vegetarian
I think it's changed now the last five
years also been a really amazing time
for people who are interested in eating
vegetarian vegan food because the whole
landscape of food has changed when I
first started writing the books the word
vegetarian has some pretty sort of
negative connotations and that's why I
wanted it just to be a joyful book about
food that I love and that happens to be
you know quite healthy and good for your
body and the world around you in lots of
different ways but to just persuade
people with you know a delicious biscuit
actually on that would you maybe another
one rates smell great okay and then
these are some there's on print story
cookies end of the season strong breeze
and dough is really easy it's just
blitzed up kind of boats ons coconut oil
and oranges
it's actually squish your thumb in the
middle and they're really good because
they're kind of yeah you can meet me in
a four-year-old would you remember the
faster quick quickly followed along with
harmony I do think this really hilarious
actually I've still got them all my mom
was amazing she's not that into cooking
but she encouraged me laying out me so
she kind of furnished me with all the
stuff I needed
I mean amazing real kind of eighties
photography business Christmas cake
would well shred like crisp line yeah
you've changed
look at these guys it's pretty intense
using a little layer of Angelica at the
top I mean this looks I think I have a
pretty strong sense of power one things
to live clear the props I like Anna
colors I like and and how
feel an energy of the pictures and the
light to kind of take you through the
book so it does that Center when you're
making food for family friends as well I
mean that's doing it up I think I've got
a little boy he's two about their
everyday things I use like I try and you
know I collect like amazing ceramics and
pottery so yeah even if I'm just putting
some dominoes be a bowl I love them I
love holding that made up the theater
that is tactile so that kind of obvious
me it's just kind of but I do take an
extra a couple of minutes I would say
just like garnish things and I think
there's a lot in that actually in
you know that offering of food and you
know how you cook the food how you put
it on the table like yeah how you give
it to others and how are you sort of
honor yourself of what you eat because I
know it sounds a bit baby ish but
if you just yeah that's our something up
really quickly and then sit down it's
gotten really really fast you just you
don't take on you know the food I don't
think in the same way and you don't
digest properly on any kind of stuff I
think they're frequent it changes its
purpose exactly exactly it just becomes
fuel and I mean is always there's times
in everyone's life where you know you
just have to rush past somewhere and
grab a sandwich and yeah having you know
the basics in our house or having basic
spices like a basic kind of dry store
situation that means you don't have to
go out and buy every single ingredient
what I try and do a bit in my books as
well it's kind of empower people with
some kind of like roadmaps got more than
250 recipes in this book so it's only
it's tricky yeah I didn't mean to work
such a big burden it just kind of turned
out to be absolutely massive I mean they
all feel like really like special
moments sometimes I think I'm going to
choose this one because it is a cake
that you can legitimately for breakfast
which is basically made out of all the
ingredients that you might make porridge
axle so a little bit of coconut oil
yogurt honey apples some oats some
almonds a tiny bit of home and flour but
not much and some berries but basically
you just mix in a slightly different way
put in a pan put some cherries on the
top bake it we've got this
amazing kind of rich and crumbly cake
thing the realization is say we were
tearing up with avocados oh yeah
massively
prayer garden in Saudi Arabia yeah what
is your favorite need to make of an
avocado at the moment that's a great
question an avocado pasta is your my
first book it's so simple just quickly
both spaghetti lemon juice lemon zest
capers I'm far though and whatever heard
you've got kicking around if you don't
no problem
and everyone who makes it extra
avocado and it's amazing so that's one
thing we all the time another thing is
kind of like a step up for avocado on
toast so I've been on mashing avocado
but mixing it with quite up to he me
which is so delicious and then um a bit
of chili on top which I've been eating a
lot recently and also I've been kind of
like messing around with guacamole I
like a sort of recipe for each I'm doing
so I've actually been doing like
guacamole with like a tiny tiny so it's
a conflict with a bit of a Christmas pie
with carotene des with a little pinch of
cinnamon which sounds mental but it's
delicious
that sounds so that's my top 3 yeah a
baccardo yeah my number one yeah
