hi everyone so today we want to talk
about my current favorite book of 2014
which is the strange and beautiful
stories of Ava lavender thanks the book
is published by Walker books in the UK
and in Australia and in the US as
published by candlewick it comes out in
the 27th of March the stranger beautiful
stories of Ava lavender largely isn't
about Ava at all a girl born in Seattle
with these huge white wings traces her
history a history women matriarch you
might even say the story actually begins
in France where we see a family drawn to
the fabled man that teen with its
luxuries as riches it streets cobbled
and bronze and that luxury the utmost
luxury the biggest luxury that we've
ever known jobs it's plain early on that
their lives are not untouched by death
or why those things that we would
probably regard is abnormal that they
see is perfectly normal strange peculiar
occurrences that sort of thing Leslie
Walton weaves magical realism into every
aspect of the novel without hesitation
and whether this is your first encounter
with the genre of magical realism or
you're an old hat like me I'm pretty
confident the story will cast its
butterfly net over you and capture you
so for those of you who are old hats and
want some sort of guidelines to what
this is like I would say think of my
guesses innocent Herrera I think of
tender morsels by mildly Lanigan and
blood-red snow white by marcus sedgwick
i think of my eternal favorite gone what
our butter dropping out there by larry
SQL like water for chocolate in english
as i say this is the best book i've read
so far in 2014 and i hope you like it
I've already reread it a couple of times
and I'm excited to share it with all of
you if you have read it leave me your
feedback and comment and as I say it's
out in a couple of months but I was
excited to look about it so I wouldn't
talk about now and have your feelers out
for it like this more bravery would be
like your wings up but that would just
be ridiculous see you guys soon and if
you're new to my channel like this
videos every Monday Wednesday Friday you
can find me at youtube.com forth
clatters jana at paper time lady and
just like around wondering wondering
lonely as a cloud like this this is how
we wanted it
