my name is Regina halse rojas and 22
years old I live in London England and
this is my self-image 2014 when I think
back to the video I made last year and
in fact I watch it back before making
this there Kaazing that six that was her
like tired and weary that girl looks
like she will just even sounds like I
was exhausted and now I didn't have that
level of exhaustion that you just used
to which is really nice it's really like
I'm busy and you often don't feel like
there are enough hours in the day but
I'm not feeling like they have to let
keep trawling on I think that has a lot
to do with a few things actually I love
where I live and I love the girls I live
with they're amazing the fact that I can
walk absolutely everywhere like
sometimes it might take me a couple of
hours I watched a fogger square and it
took me a couple of hours and I haven't
quite mastered the penny board that my
flatmate Mary Ann gave you for Christmas
yet but just knowing that that's
possible like that's such a great
feeling but I'm also really excited it
you know the possibility of maybe living
somewhere else next year by the time I
make self-image 2050
you know and then my job itself like
yeah it's I've just feel so fulfilled in
a way that I haven't I don't know if
it's hard to say if I haven't felt it in
a while or if I haven't felt it before
because it feels like it's something new
it feels like something like different
and really wonderful because I feel like
I'm like stretching out so many parts of
me that just hadn't been stretched yet
like discovering new muscles there you
know it's really positive fulfilment in
a way that I don't know that I've ever
experienced it's possible that I just
remember things like academic fulfilment
negatively because I recognize now how
much stress they put me through um it's
it's hard to say whether it's new or not
I guess that doesn't really matter but
I'm feeling more fulfilled
that's 2014 I'm okay I think that
there's still a long way to go
I'm really enjoying clearing out the
physical space to make some mental space
I didn't really know that I needed um
I'm recognizing a lot of faults and
myself but try not to let it like eat me
up like try not to let it get really
criticize me and and be proud of the
times that I've made the good decision
recognizing the good decision rather
than focusing on like why did you make
all these bad decisions that led to the
requirement of the good decision and
generally I'm just trying to embrace the
chaos and mass in myself I think I've
tried for too long to deny that mass
I've been thinking a lot about plate
tectonics and really sounds like such a
silly thing to say but in a very like
non-technical way like I don't know I
really don't know that much about a
science so that I only took a s
geography I guess you learn more
properly in a-level geography but just
like the physical reality of these land
masses breaking apart and moving and in
the creation of the world as we know it
the movement of things and I guess you
know the big loss in my life as well and
what that can create it doesn't stop
being a chasm just because there's water
in it you know it just it can appear
different and that's enough I yeah
and trying to embrace a little a little
bit of chaos I'm trying not to let chaos
overwhelm me what else I get angry
that's something of a chest I don't know
whether it's just like the current state
I'm in but I have like a switch and when
things like touch nerves it's not up and
I get pissed off in it
I just wanted yell at people because I
think for a long time been quite a
beauty and this year is my year to repel
I'm the lion I'm the fire
I think rebellion and anger in some ways
it's good and like accepting that I
can't solve everyone's problems
I can just like solve my own and solve
the ones that fulfill me and does not
have to take on the world and this
obsessive need to be useful and thus
obsessive need to I don't even know what
I'm riding on up 2014 I'm learning a lot
so here's to that history your
self-image used to Eric he came up with
the self-image video idea and here's to
my 2013 self because she did a really
great job in it wasn't always easy
she had wonderful friends to help her
and all know it was a really good year
and I'm just now getting really
emotional about it I cried at come to
frog this morning so you know I'm very
grateful to you guys to say that enough
a year of gratitude perhaps see your
winter
