hi everyone and welcome to the 2013
project foursome this video contains a
trigger warning for sexual violence
assault and trafficking earlier this
month attended a film festival that
celebrated women in film one of the
panels at the film festival was
basically a discussion of the
representation of prostitution in film
the damage that lazy writing can do in
perpetuating the lonely man Richard Gere
myth all the use of the red lipsticks
red dress red heels that find their way
into these stories and bring their
implications with them one of the women
on the panel had herself exited
prostitution and has now written a
birthing goes around the country talking
about her experiences and why the Nordic
model should be established in the UK
I'll put some links in the description
talking about the Nordic model in
greater detail but basically it's a
shift in the emphasis of criminalization
what we're talking about prostitution as
a crime rather than criminalizing the
prostitute or sex worker it focuses the
shift onto criminalizing the buyer
another woman on the panel was a
filmmaker who ran a creative writing
night for women exiting prostitution
that creative writing night is hosted by
Yves which is the organization I'll be
talking about today Yves Foreman was
established in 1977 and works for
empower women who have experienced
violence this includes physical and
nonphysical violence domestic abuse
sexual assault exiting prostitution and
trafficking Yves has a fantastic new
broad range of projects which include
one the poppy project which since 2003
has provided high-quality support
advocacy and accommodation for
trafficked women trafficked women are
women who have been brought into the
country to be exploited in some way
including but not limited to sexual
exploitation labor exploitation forced
illicit activities and organ harvesting
the poppy project helps women create
support plan this could be anything from
financial help legal help specialist
counseling support accessing health
services and Employment Support to Amina
which is a really amazing service which
is a peer-led support service for women
over the age of 18 who have at some
point in their life experienced abuse
Amina works to train volunteers who have
experienced and overcome situations of
sexual violence to support others in
those situations 3 the life skill
service this is a specialist advice and
advocacy service for women who are
affected by violence and are at risk or
currently experiencing homelessness the
last of their key projects are mentioned
today is the le a the le a works with
women over the age
18 who are seeking to exit prostitution
this is a non-judgmental advice and
assistance service based in London and
crucially it's a service that
understands that the barriers to women
exiting prostitution and many in complex
the advice and advocacy offered by the
LA revolves mainly around accessing
accommodation welfare housing benefits
drug and alcohol advice and specialist
counseling and opportunities which
include employment training education
volunteering and sustainable development
so facts and figures time because of the
nature of sex work it's really difficult
to say or estimate even just how many
people are involved in sex work in the
UK but a 2004 Home Office report called
paying the price estimated that at any
one time around 80,000 people in the UK
were involved in prostitution and of
those 80,000 people at any one time up
to 5,000 of the people involved are
children and this is with a
female-to-male ratio of four to one
seventy-four percent of women involved
in prostitution identify poverty
household expenses and care for their
children as primary motivators for their
being drawn into prostitution lets you
still think that this is a problem that
happens somewhere else a study compiled
by yves poppy projects and brothels in
all 33 london local authority areas
westminster itself had the highest
number with 71 before you get lost under
the barrage of numbers let's talk about
some more positive figures 5 pounds can
pay for food for a woman and her child
who have just escaped violence and have
no money seven pounds can pay for a
travel card so women can visit her
solicitor 10 pounds could buy a new sim
card and credit for a woman needing to
change the phone number for safety
reasons 13 pounds can pay for a starter
pack for a woman when she escapes and
comes one of Eve services providing her
with toothpaste toothbrush shampoo soap
deodorant towel and so on 35 pounds can
pay for subsistence money for a survivor
trafficking for one week 120 pounds can
pay for women who has experienced sexual
violence domestic violence or
trafficking to attend a six-week group
therapy course 200 pounds can pay for
one week's emergency accommodation for
women who is waiting for a room in
refuge 1820 pounds can pay for
counselling services for one year so a
woman can begin to overcome the trauma
that she has experienced if you don't
think you have enough money to help out
try your piggy bank because these things
have a tendency to be bigger on the
inside over the past
years you've helped me raise over 2,500
pounds for my project for awesome
charity let's top it this year and help
these women out vote for Yves on project
for awesome com like favorite and share
this video using the project for awesome
hashtag if applicable comment like crazy
i'm going to put some questions in the
description bar below if you guys aren't
in your comments and if you are able to
generate Eve's one way you can do so is
through the just giving page I've set up
at just giving dot-com forward slash
project folsom thanks for listening and
have a very happy project for awesome
