hello friends so earlier this week I
make my books my Bionic secret santa
video and a big box has just arrived in
my house virtually an hour ago so I
guess it's my turn to open presents from
my secret santa this someone is
messaging me on skype one second might
be of my boss it was but he's okay
change the way you work forever this
seems like my kind of book rework by
Jason freed and David hayan and Maya
Hansen I don't know me go oh because
they're doing only go with blobs and
that's sweet of love this blob is kind
of intense ASAP is poison under do the
competition meetings a toxic fire the
workaholics emulate drug dealers fight
bloat planning is guessing inspiration
is perishable oh I'm excited to eat I'm
such a geek about work fixed i love 10
oh my god oh my god i know what this is
I know it's more like a cover made in
chelsea vote what sign I've slowly raped
at silent into watching mission tells
you haven't quite having quite hooked
Mary on it yet but should be minute
tired of London tired of life wanting a
day to do in London that's such a cool
idea Tom shares a fun diverting
imaginative and sometimes downright
peculiar things that you can do to keep
yourself amused to London seek out
Aphrodite in the British Museum of
Valentine's Day explore east london by
canoe you can treetops a cue cards as
such a cool idea oh well it's all dated
like it's got an activity for like 13th
of january fourteenth of january at such
a great way to stop near yay the 4-hour
workweek escape the 925 live anywhere
and join the new rich i'm gonna be so
productive next year actually met Tim vs
summer requirement was I was like really
great he stood up and he was like i am
tim ferriss and I were just went silent
on a windswept and all the straw the
Islanders believe the worst thing they
have to fear is a Viking attack then the
burning comes water will not stop it it
consumes everything in its past yet the
birds still speak the doctor encounters
the people under attack for power they
cannot possibly understand they have no
weapons no strategy and no protection
gates of fire third to engulf them all
the Islanders must take on a ruthless
alien force in a world without
technology
but at least they had the doctor on
their side do they actually haven't read
any 11th doctor adventures so this is
going to be a really great and I've
Islanders as well they know that you
Bree I keep talking about islands and
how obsessed I am with islands a time
for me dreams by ben okri one of
Britain's foremost poets and the booker
prize-winning novelist ben okri is a
passionate advocate for power of the
written word and a typhoon nutrient he
considers the challenges that face our
troubled world exquisitely crafted SAS
paired times their essentials explore
such diverse themes as childhood and
creativity Beauty censorship ask and
what art and politics okay us unsettling
questions showing how true literature
tears up the script of how we see
ourselves and this important new work he
pushes the parameters of writing whilst
inviting us to rethink who we are and
the future that awaits us I don't want
to read this now o 7 habits of highly
effective people I've never read it this
book they used to sit on my dad's shelf
and he had this whole huge sell for
books like this and this is one of its
let that stood that I remember him
giving me an article that was like 7
habits of highly effective teens so this
is amazing actually defining media I
feel like yeah I feel really hopeful
about this new year I have this no spoon
full of projects that I want to do and I
don't and I don't do them but that's
really great that's like that's such a
great it's such a great choice last week
the stupendous self-raising wall of cup
cakes and bakes according to cookie girl
oh my gosh YUM oh it's seasonal
courgette cupcakes pistachio lime
cupcakes I'm actually pretty hungry just
looking at right now the last one it's
your time or two language recipe book
which is just incredible and yotam's
food inspiration comes from his strong
med sherry new background on his
unapologetic love of ingredients not a
vegetarian himself his approach to
vegetable dishes is wholly original and
innovative they saw strong flavors and
stunning fresh combinations with
sections devoted to cooking greens over
jeans frost occurs rice cereals pastas
pulses roots washes onions fruit
mushrooms and tomatoes the breadth of
colors tastes and textures is
extraordinary featuring vibrant tiring
food photography by Jonathan love
inspiring recipes plenty is a must-have
meat-eaters and vegetarians unlike this
is really oh man blanky oh i just opened
on a vine leaf pub and yogurt pie that
looks amazing i'm just going to sit here
like today being hungry and getting
ideas this is an amazing light selection
I'm kind of blown away with how perfect
business for me and how aspirational is
vote for the new year the next stage of
my life and my videos I guess 4-hour
workweek and tired of London tired of
life so perfect good stuff I can now
reveal that as some of you guys guessed
the person I had a secret santa was
britpopprincess patricia bright i love
other people have made breaks my bags
videos as well so not a lot of other
people you know the five of the people
who are involved that making the videos
now as well so I mean we just got ahead
of the game because supervision I mean
we have time but not that much time cuz
you've gotta do some weeding right now
I'm really excited about that region
Chelsea would make a good buy
