hi guys so I wanted to make today's
video to talk about something that I
think a lot of you know or have guessed
about me I have a really really bad
habit and that is a taking on new
projects habit so back in summer I
decided that I was going to make all
these videos about London the best
places to visit in London I'm in one
video and that was basically it and then
that kind of just disappeared but here I
am today bringing you the second video
in that series yes my friends in
December it is the next video in BST
today's video is about the amazing
Prince Charles cinema which I actually
just came back from a little ago I which
you love actually there with my friends
you might be wondering why cinema in
2013 is showing a film that came out
nearly 10 years ago the Prince Charles
was an independent cinema that space to
kind of just stop Leicester Square just
around the corner from big view cinnamon
a big Empire cinema and Leicester Square
is where they hold a lot of very
important film prairie and so tonight
for example they have the anchorman
premiere and we just saw them taking
down on the gates from that the great
thing about Prince Charles's that well
it does show some current films it also
focuses on showing those cult favorite
one of those are classic Hollywood films
or things like home alone or even TV
shows they have marathons of Breaking
Bad and Veronica Mars and so on the
tickets aren't prohibitively expensive
and if you remember you can also get
discounts but I do have to say that my
favorite thing about the cinema other
than it being independent because you
know how I love the indie is that it
fosters it's really great dance
community in communal viewing it's like
having a film light with your friends
and your friends of all friends and
you're all watching is filmmaking
absolutely love it you're absolutely
obsessed with in the same way that
finding people who love the things you
love on tumblr or YouTube or whatever
it's like filing that in real life with
complete strangers for a couple of hours
or you watch this film or TV show or
whatever it is you really really love
that sounds like something so basic but
especially with a lot of these things
that you would have been really young
any vessel then you would see them with
your parents and your family or you will
only ever seen them on these small
screen this great time opportunity to
either seats in row again as you're the
first time or have the opportunity to
see it in the cinema because you missed
it the first time around so when I was
with it love actually today's they sort
of thumb for the first time at the
Prince Charles cinema and they've never
seen it before they hadn't even seen it
on the small screen on their TV or
anything like that but they said that
the experience was really rewarding for
that reason for having that sense of
community go into it and just being
surrounded by people who get really
really love this thing and it's just one
of those places where this huge city
starts to feel a bit more like a
community in it feels like someone that
you can part some process a bit it's
rare i'm overwhelm a london but all the
days that i am i remember that places
like independent cinemas and like the
prison else in my particular exists it's
at seven Lester place which is look it
up online Prince Charles cinema and if
physically just down the road that takes
you to try in town between Empire and
view in Leicester Square and London
Leicester Square is the nearest stop
Piccadilly Circus is the other nearest
stop as well I will say it for a very
very long time I just heard about the
Prince chasten him up I didn't ever go
and it wasn't until I went the first
time that I was like wow okay I finally
get it isn't just them showing all films
and that'd been cool it's watching you
songs with other people and having a
level of engagement you could only dream
about so that's the Prince Charles
cinema okay guys this is the third video
of the week that will be at least two
more if not a couple more than that if I
can squeeze out any other times name one
am I feel me in my kitchen because I
still haven't fixed my Michael he has
time to fix my website not this girl
Love Actually is all around
