hi guys so today as it's nine-thirty
p.m. and i just finished work and i'm
like it's really dark outside i'm
filming this video from the stairs which
has modern E better lighting in my room
anyway today I wanted to talk about
something that kind of slipped into my
mode of conversation quite a lot
recently you can actually see this i
just remembered in my room tour video
you can see it when i talk about the
television as being my first growing our
battle purchase or whatever it keeps
cropping up everywhere Lex and I
probably can't go to leakycon drink 14
next year because of other commitments
but also just because it's in peak time
for the UK and just the travel was
pretty difficult but gonna see what we
didn't do I gave her a call I said well
we should go on a grown-up holiday to
Greece or something just that
terminology time time again get it get a
grown-up flat get a grown-up rental be
grownups and it's still a mode of I
guess like let's pretend and I don't
know whether that's just because it is
something you do when your kid like I at
least would play shops and teachers all
the time when I was very young and I
loved it I loved the idea of being older
especially cuz I have two older sisters
like there was a certain like I don't
know it's like a club that I kind of
wasn't part of that I wanted to be proud
of I think we really push in like
Western culture especially this sort of
like infantilized view of the world
music about high school films about it a
TV shows about it as well the high
school years and then sometime three and
then we dump we kind of jump to the next
level missing out the weird transition
stage into an adult you get a lot of the
bits after in the bits before but you
don't actually get that transition maybe
because it's such a slow transition I
don't know there's just something I've
been thinking about quite a lot recently
I find it rather you find a really good
representation of properly becoming an
adult not just like the bildungsroman
story that doesn't quite take you there
maybe it's cuz that never happens i
doing i know so think about that a lot
i'm just kind of the terms in which i've
thought about the changes that have made
my life over the past year and how like
this flat for example feels like a very
grown-up flat because we have stairs and
it's just that it's that weird thing
like having stairs and having two floors
somehow makes it feel a bit more grown
up despite the fact that i had a
university house and i had like the
bunch of stairs there like three flights
of stairs or something ridiculous it's
nothing about this that makes it feel
like yeah a proper grown-up flat more
than I
last place and about buying flowers
which I know I do pretty much every week
whether it's at a liberal local
supermarket or at the actual market and
I go to the market and buy the flowers
and that's lovely i love doing that but
that again also feels like a very
grown-up exercise and like paying
council tax like contributing in that
way and paying national insurance and so
on contributing again like it feels
really valuable it's a pain in a lot of
ways like it I'm not gonna pretend I
love for any outs of sex but it's it's
kind of a nice feeling in a lot of ways
as well you kind of like own own
yourself of it I've spoken about this
before in another video but you do feel
like it is all more settled and you have
a little more power or waist and we do
under eight adulthood I think
everything's become in terms of being
grown-up or playing playing grown-up so
I just kind of like to get your thoughts
on that irony I'll see you guys on
Monday and next week I think at some
point and then we making a big like
compilation of all the lady surveys that
i can find just kind of have a place
where you can you can see the some of
the ones that we've had up to this point
now that video responses are anything
you haven't shared it with me I think
you can now put links into the new gas
the YouTube commenting system and then
if you can't work that up and just tweet
at me at paper time lady as well so
that's cool I also see you guys next
week i have a few exciting things
planned next week because i haven't told
you about my killers gig and yeah the
full rundown of that will come hopefully
you next week as well but it's a busy
weekend and a busy week so nothing
changes and for i will see you guys on
Monday bye
