hello from my hotel room in Missoula
Montana I wanted to talk very briefly
about three books about change in the UK
I think in my video about the gaps in
our education when it comes to
colonialism and so on in the UK I
mentioned the fact that so much of our
history of the way we're taught about
activism and change and race and so on
it's really centered on the u.s. as
though that's the only place where it
happens and misses out all of these
vital things in our own history not only
the Empire but also things like the
Bristol bus boycott and the impact of
the way that Britain has countries
behaved around the world what that means
for us what it means to be British I
read three books that deal with their
filling in a lot of the gaps but also
just filling in a lot of the missing
voices first but I'm going to talk about
is the good immigrant which came out of
2016 21 writers rights to color black
and minority ethnic writers talking
about what it means to live in Britain
and what it means to be in Britain and
what it means in many cases to be
British each essay is from a different
writer it tackles different perspectives
different problems different places
where people find themselves in this
chaos and one that rang true for me
personally it's called wearing where
you're at immigration and UK fashion by
Sabrina Matthews one of the things that
was so impactful for me about that essay
and I feel really emotional even talking
about it is that verbalized a lot of
things that both acknowledge the great
privilege of looking white or lighter
than many other people and you know
seeing the horrors that many people
endure because of the way that they look
but then also the strange cruelty of
having someone dismiss your identity and
say to your face the things that they
assumed about you because of your name
while kind of ignoring the fact that
they're still saying about people you
know but also about you know your people
but there are all sorts of different
essays many of which don't apply to my
personal experience that are so valuable
and that for me was the biggest takeaway
of the good immigrant I want this to be
read by a lot of people who are white
and who are very very white British and
you know their mother's British and
their mother's mother's British to them
with some others mothers British quite a
few actors contributed to this and talk
about their experience going into
auditions and what the role that they're
expected to play and how even success
doesn't take away from that
you know like doesn't take away from how
you're seen by people I think sometimes
when we
about the assumptions and people make
about other people for the races about
the genders about the abilities of other
languages and so on it's with a certain
amount of distance and without that more
I suppose intimate look at how that
affects someone's life and how it sticks
with them so that's a good immigrant
that was edited by NECA Shukla who is
working on this project called a good
journal right now has this Kickstarter
it's going to be a quarter re magazine
of writing by writers of color in the UK
by the time I read this it's probably
gonna have about two days left if you
can't contribute please do if you're low
income or a student there's a discount a
subscription there's also digital print
subscriptions tote bags high-level
sponsorships and so on I think it's
really important to have these voices
amplify it's just having this
conversation and so all the different
ways that we need to have it and showing
all of the ways that our current
conversation is incomplete the next book
is lobbying for change by a new voice to
create a better society just by Alan
Merrick Thor a liminal I've always
thought of lobbyists as like a separate
higher entity but the truth is we can
all be lobbyists part of what this book
was is a primer in how to do that
providing where the technical
understanding of what it means to be a
lobbyist or what it means to be an
activist but also the many different
ways that you can request information
the many different types of things that
you can lobby for and against and for me
was just so helpful in understanding how
my country works so for example we've
all been sent and many of us have signed
I'm sure petitions but in the petition
section it gives you guidelines of all
the different things that you need to
know about what you're going to include
in the petition I breaks down the
advantages and disadvantages of
different kinds of protest so for
example on the petition section it says
although petition is only as meaningful
as its response it allows blocks of
public interest to form harnessing power
in ways that may lead to a legislative
or administrative response and there are
also not so different case studies of
things that have worked and haven't
worked and the kinds of change that
happened but that for me it was a great
starting point and then the last one is
a change is gonna come which i think is
probably geared slightly younger this is
a collection of stories and poetry about
change from 12 writers 12 black and
minority ethnic British writers it's not
that long of a read and the text is
quite big as well
so I was already thinking of people that
I wanted to give this to you for
Christmas who might not have seen
themselves reflected in what they're
reading or who might not know that their
reading is quite narrow one of the
things that has given me so much hope in
this time that I've set up the time is
seeing how engaged so many young people
are in Korean change and in wanting to
make a difference and how they're
organizing themselves in different ways
to make that change a reality so I think
that books like this and the fact that
the publishing industry and all parts of
the publishing industry are listening to
the people in their industries who are
saying this is not enough we're not
doing enough we're not clean enough
voices and also the people outside of
the industry who happen who haven't been
included or finding their own roots for
it I think that there are publishing
houses that are doing really exciting
things and starting up and finding own
voices and I talked about more about
that in the future change is happening
and there are people telling you how to
make better change and that we can
listen to you and learn from and
organize with and that to me is
something worthy of celebration and
worthy of hope and worthy of continued
hard work because reading broadly and
reading books like these aren't about
you know patting yourselves when we
packing myself my back is saying oh yeah
I listen to that one time it's about
changing our approach to things and what
we think of as realms in which we can
use our influence and use our platforms
to do something different so anyway
that's just three and now I've got to go
to Spokane Spokane spoon don't forget to
check out the good journal Kickstarter
okay good bye
