hi everyone today I'm going to talk
about more than this by Patrick Ness
which had a huge marketing campaign so
you might have seen this on adverts and
the tube station and also just out and
about on displays it physically is a
very beautiful book it's about this big
and it has a little hole in the cover
the door goes through this is actually a
sign fast edition that I got it files
and there's a signature that happen but
yeah first and foremost when you see it
it's very physically appealing book I
think with really great design the huge
marketing campaign has a lot to do with
the quality of the book is a very very
good book but more on that later but
also because Patrick Nash is a sashing
himself as one of the best writers I
would say in general right now on the
best writers overall but definitely one
of the best writers in Britain without a
doubt one of the best young adult
writers as well when people hear that
this isn't the first book by an author
they often ask me what order I should
read the books in I'm a big fan of
reading in publication order just
because you see sort of the writing
journey and the development and how a
certain loss that plays with genre but
that's a personal preference you don't
have to there's no this isn't this isn't
a sequel or anything to any of his other
books but I think it is very interesting
to read having read the chaos walking
series which is absolutely stunning the
first because the knife of never letting
go and also having read and monster
calls as well more than this opens with
a boy drowning and it's later and
exploration of whether everything that
follows in this book is real or not and
what kind of world is it where does he
find himself I'm reluctant to go into
the plot in any way at all but to go
very very very very small way into the
game's book he wakes up in this house
in England and it's the house that's the
site of a huge torment in his life other
than this old house now covered in dust
and decay there is no one and there is
silence I love stories about the
afterlife and like exploring that side
of things and I also really like like
post apocalyptic style stories future
stories kind of just in general and idea
of what's next I'm not a huge fan of
historical fiction which is why it's
boys are very high accolade
like a piece of historical fiction I'm
much more interested in just thinking
about Big Ben big philosophical terms
like what's next and obviously you can
look and use historical fiction to look
at what's to come and that's not like
striking off as
pass a thing I just I prefer kind of
going forward timewise one of my
all-time favorite bits of teen fiction
is a bit called elsewhere by Gabrielle 7
that's a really beautiful story and
always like one of the first ones I want
to recommend to people who don't really
know about why a and also you know if it
doesn't think that sad happened to them
it's just a really beautiful book I also
and this wasn't a teen book really
enjoyed the books um which was kind of
an anthology of all sorts of different
possibilities for the afterlife and then
also the classic example five people you
meet in heaven they will stay out right
and I know that this is unpopular with a
lot of people I'm not a fan of The
Lovely Bones I like the idea of it and I
like the idea of how the afterlife is
created but I didn't like the book and I
think there's a video about this like
from way way way back when I don't think
an interest in the afterlife is
exclusive to people who've been brought
up religious or indeed brought up
Catholic but I think that is a big part
of why I find reading about it so
interesting because I was told a lot of
things as fact when I was younger that
you know I don't see to be as fact at
all now not even so much like the nature
of a heaven and you know past the whole
idea of the pearly gates more just the
the idea that yes it's certain and it's
fact and the fact that you kind of would
be mindful of being in heaven when you
are in heaven or in purgatory when you
are in poetry or and how when you're in
hell and what more than this does is
kind of make you question whether you
would be and make you question whether
you can recognize where your brain is
and how delicate the brain is it's it's
so good beautiful and terrible and
destructive in a lot of ways it made me
quite quite a bit towards the end as
well it's also in lots of ways
inconclusive if you like ambiguity in
books if you like being asked questions
rather than given answers I think that
more than this is the right book for you
if you're anything like me then you
really big grudge or the Christmas
advertising that's starting and you just
it drives you crazy and makes you when I
hit you head against the wall because
it's not even October yet it's not even
October yet it's not even Halloween yet
but if you have Christmas list that
you're starting to plan
and you like to save for people more
than this is a really wonderful book and
it's very physically beautiful gift book
as well so I'd recommend it if you'd
rather leave your thoughts and comments
and also any recommendations for other
after lifestyle books I've got to say
his dart materials that's obviously one
of the greats
no the lights it's just that but yeah
please leave your thoughts in comments
bye guys
