the Death Star plans we could not find
therein nor are they on the main
computer Lord it short they are not here
and there's an end thou speakest well my
stormtrooper and yet not well upon my
ear the message falls I turned to these
out rebel I I lift thy head above mine
own thou canst can choose to keep thy
secrets locked safe in that head and
therefore lose the life thou holdest
dear or else keep thy head and thus my
life my patience run is quickly out thou
knave with I last breath here thou this
word it is bunch of cons lower ship than
where is the ambassador commander for
the go rented out the ship apart until
the plans are found and bring me any
passengers upon thy life I want them
brought and so another dies in my own
hand this hand which now encased in
blackness is and that the fingers of
this wretched hand had not the pain or
suffering ever known but now my path is
join it on to the dark and wicked men
whose hands and fingers move to crush
their foes are now my company so shall
my fingers ever undertake to do a more
evil eye and this my hand shall do the
Emperor's bidding evermore and thus we
see how finger is presage death and has
become the instruments of the fate
hold now are not permitted to go in
deactivated thou shalt surely be they
bathe me thou shalt not label me a
mindless brute philosopher nay nay thou
overladen glob of grease without imp
that rubbish bucket fit for scrap the
blue and silver pile of vanthu dog now
come and get thee hence away let someone
sees it beep beeps creepy baby what
secret mission and what plans what dost
thou talk about I'll surely not get in I
warrant I'll regret this so say I golden
droid has been a friend tis true and yet
I wish to steal his prating tongue and
if he call it near I'll be revenge and
merry prankster plenty I shall play upon
this pompous droid c-3po not in language
so no Frank's be done around both humans
and the droids I must be seen to make
such errands beeps and squeaks oh they
still think me simple truly though and
although the sounds of bleecker speak to
them I clearly see how I shall pay my
part and how a vast rebellions shall
succeed by wit and wisdom of a simple
droid now climb the metal pair into the
pod which sue this from the
shooters from the ship like a laser
blast and to the planets face as
straight as rod the capsule takes the
droids by power last
dear general Kenobi many years ago they
served my noble father in the Clone Wars
now he beg a--they to come again and ate
him in his struggle with the Empire
sadly I may not be there with me in
person my request to give my ship of
late have fallen under siege and thus my
mission bringing me unto my cherished
planet Alderaan ha hey old yet have I
deep within the memory banks of this
brave r2 units toward the plans most
vital for rebellions victory my father
can retrieve the plans they're in but I
must ask of thee to take the droid and
bring him on to Alderaan with care the
desperate hour is now upon us please I
beg thee sir Oh help me obi-wan Kenobi
help thou art mine only hope the message
ends then daughter silence all while
obi-wan was due to contemplate don't
loot considers were faked at all I'm in
this moment
when's the boy doc here and half the
taste of fire now burning in his ears
now shall i play the part of fuel and
gently stoke that fire thou must be
talked the force if thou wouldst come
away with me go to all gone
Alderaan this man has many charms and
now it seems to me that I have been
these many hours under some grit spell
which we have cost no I must have stoked
home did Nate and uncle Owen she'll be
back imagine over time to give me a long
and now it must be done or else tis lost
I need all that good help Luke so does
she for such adventures I have grown
through a whole Janani I should not be
involved in friend much motive is to be
complete yeah and that's a serious a
true a crook without its harvesters like
a Dewback sons its rider merrily I load
the cruel and noise of empire I and yet
nothing games did I have power to do it
present by it's also far far Justin from
this place thus speaks Thai nuncle
through thy lips not thee and uncle oh
my uncle how shall I to him explain this
matter to come now with me and learn the
force dearly now it's the tipped away by
they just but the to pass the one
towards eventually the other taking me
back to my home I have all my life long
to go Hanson now there's only wanted
please why should leave my Tatooine and
fly into the stuff he had told me the
power
and yet another for stuff for me hope
the force of duty and responsibility I
would go heads would fly today and now
look back again except bear we were
known and we're truant normal family to
settle them I stay on how to wean until
the diner and I may leave the clear and
patterns book I shall take these bars I
could from there meself I and transfer
to wherever that girls thighs round
going now must hold with Sun conscience
it is true whatever they'll think it's
great thus thou should do an ecologic
walk / jog or I'm scared he likes nuts i
love forgive me sir nor do i like his
face yet do i groan i do not like that
look indeed young lad and bite my thumb
a--they receiveth carefully two men I
wanted by the law I we have earned a
penalty of death in many systems and
with loudly on it here as well it's now
prefer bling to it I would may have be
fearful of this man half even shoulder
height on me attained touch careful
shall I be now shall be dead pray peace
this little lads not worth my time now
come let us be friends my good lessor
now shall we to thy health and will
that's an arm I have no wish or purpose
here to fight yes have these drunkards
left me little choice but there is yet a
lesson to be learned at this ob1 though
old half still the gift Chewbacca here
Dolph service as first mate upon the
ship that may our purpose neat mm-hmm so
let the service gentlemen the great
Millennium Falcon is my ship my first
mate Joey tells me you seek safe passage
to the system Alderaan I true if tis a
vessel a swift out quite a vessel Swift
of flight doses have not heard of the
Millennium darken sir now shall we boast
but if your ship we'd have some boasting
willendorf nay should I have his bet
this ship that half the castle one
accomplished in 12 parsecs whooping Oh
Imperial starships I have slyly escapes
but nothing more of that and neither do
i speak about both cruises small but
boss cream chips nothing moved me more I
should I'll not brag about her speed
good sir so fast I said the chef shelter
thy needs she's the fastest air but
nothing hi nothing more I wish you'd
hold his pieces man it seems to pop his
ship for more than air rights are out
man whose woman home retail watch out
the cargo
myself the boy two droids and narrow
question asked tis what a touch of
Naples trouble here now let us simply
say it to us we would Imperial
entanglements of boy I'd as the rope so
shalt thou father pay 10,000 the Causton
every bitch talkin ever here we see the
top ten thousand my kid are rich
advances such a summative a goodly jest
who should pilot such a ship should bow
down knee I can indeed a pilot skilled
in my my own right no should we stay and
be abusive more by this man's worth
2,000 can we render our to the now and
15 more deliver when we come with safety
unto Alderaan's bright port say 17
congratulations men now has to ship
secured and will depart without prepared
thou shalt find da King Harbor number 94
i-94 and see mr. that may already have
provoked some interest so now Chewbacca
pawn and Luke proceed unto detention
level 5 quite grave with bravery good
hope and all God's speed their errand is
a princess there to save the minions of
the Death Star pay no mind nor are they
buy these at all dismayed they do not
fear the Wookiee for behind our han and
luke as stormtroopers arrayed meanwhile
in stealth just obi-wan pass by to the
terminal doth make his way and while he
goes Darth Vader feels him fly so every
character his role doth play my planet
shall not work and wherefore hast thou
not said this air now I thought I have
the heaven I say what I thought think
it's the thing this prisoner has been
transferred here from Sol 1138 no one
has told me so that's just my duty to
confirm thy word Oh feet are Swift and
merciless good look with blasters raised
and targets in their scopes the 3do
overtake the Imperial threat this
obstacle or come they have fresh hopes
but still their way have not been made
clear yet no shall we see where is my
princess
lizeth hearing that she has now held
himself to 187 go I'll hold them here
they're not anxious comrades fear you
not the situation here have been control
till mary tears in the detention block
but what half happened tears a master
SAS right mo function of the weapons
here but all as well and we are well and
know within oh well the prisoners to our
welch as well as well and now our tours
oh well we shall discuss a quite a squad
to verify there is a leak of the reactor
here it gets time to mend them as well
the leak is dodge and dangerous but
there but I'm not football I tell me
true all is well but who art now and
what's thy number code that conversation
did my spirits boy now Luke prefer
thyself for company thou truly art
ingest art thou not small of stature if
thou art a stormtrooper does Empire
shrink for want of taller troops the
Empire is evil ways I'll grant our grand
but mustard soldiers want for fear of
height to have my introduction for
ensure she sees the uniform but not than
that Luke Skywalker am I I have their
choice my noble errand is from rescue
thee and I will Ben Kenobi have come
here who's Ben Kenobi where is he doin
ere I let him go the leader we pursue
make haste only we think they do
approach he and faster than before I
shall wounded back the love now are two
straight increase the power make a fluke
oh not that ever I should see this day
oh whoa my childhood friend from
Tatooine now
Wayne protecting me from harm thou owest
alive dear bigs sweet bigs and thou has
paid and now it is down to me the boy
turned warrior be still my errant heart
and seek the force the leader now is
mine take care sweetheart udy to come
the bagger Bray Luke ship comes closer
to the little court while later and his
crew door all too near young Luke to his
computer Duff resort until he hears the
voice speak use the Force to let go and
Trust I sense the force in this one here
almost as if I did my younger self a spy
really trust me Luke well surely will
the hearing of these words is like a
balm unto my soul so shall I trust the
force and not this callable computer
here I did this Luther I targeting
machine has been dunno would there be
wrong blader hey all is well you're not
good friends beeps quick ah small r2d2
has been lost your dad star has a family
dinner range commander them is far but
now has made with good D preparations
they're on do now face thy death sow
rebel dad take heed now in a choice
brave hun is on the scene the smuggler
hunt for town on Aaron kind sigh
approach he makes his way on seeing and
slay the Imperial pilots from behind but
hello mm-hmm I path is clear young Luke
now do they ID'd and let us all make way
back home I stretch my feelings out in
whose the
and on this instant seems the portal
vast not small or difficult to strike
but large the ship is armed and now I
take the chance the blasts away and with
it all our hopes the laser who plays
mark with satin aim and as the Death
Star arms to strike the base the chain
reactions that's the orbit flame the
Death Star has exploded in space that
I'm League last hath hid the perfect
mark one in a billion was thy force
field shot remember me oh look remember
me and ever shall the force remain with
me
thank you to quirk books for sending me
there's some such short notice it's
Ariana by the way the tired of buying a
camera was that last part in focus when
you zoom zoom did a bunch he was like
zooming in a bus she's like I'm gonna
murder all of them
