hey guys sorry I haven't made a video my
memory card has been being really weird
and I've just also been really like I've
been weird myself I've been as well as
my memory card I don't know what's
really going on and at the moment I
still don't have some to live so that
might be why I'm staying Emily's house
right now and we made lots of Mexican
food over the past week let's start with
the result what are we doing how many
people three that's a look yeah 3 4 like
I feel like we could eat bad one meal I
think we can either challenge accepted
we using authentic mexican tortillas
that I've just been like working and
seeing friends and trying not to go
completely crazy as for other new things
I haven't been doing loads of reading
but I did finish Lola and the boy next
door the second Stephanie Perkins book
and her little kind of trilogy of
slightly connected books NOLA and the
boy next door is all about asghar Lola
who lives in the castro district in san
francisco and she that dress is really
crazy she has very like specific mode of
dress and she wears a different outfit
every day and she's very cool and she
has like this cool older boyfriend who
her parents just absolutely hate one day
this guy moves in next door that she has
some history with that she might maybe
still have some sort of summer Salty's
stomach II feelings for an hour in st.
Clair from the NR in the french kiss
book that they kind of make an
appearance in this as well and i really
love them i think NR the french because
it's still my favorite one but I just
really liked kind of having small
moments in their company again cuz i
love them as characters i think they're
wonderful characters but i'm really
excited for their third installment in
the series as well so obviously it's
basically the end of august and I've
just been having a lot of thoughts about
summer and it's kind of been a crazy
busy one but I feel like my son was
always a bit crazy and busy life it way
start thinking i'm just gonna lay out in
the Sun whenever the Sun and do nothing
then I remember that I hate doing that
and I'm really bad at it and I actually
want to be better at that because I
think it's probably something that maybe
I need a little more often and pretty
sad about the fact that it we're going
into winter even though I have all these
great friends I Munden and lots of like
fun plans and stuff in it it's start
Pilates again and I've got like all
these plans for autumn all these
projects I still want to work on the new
ladies to Ave that I want to do that
I've still just been like slowly putting
together and just like other events and
stuff that I'm doing other companies and
partnering with and still working with
John and still working with subbable and
all this stuff and but I still just like
I love summer and i love i love
california so much i'm gonna yeah and
just let think it's really hard because
every time i got though obviously all my
friends are there who don't always live
there and they kind of fly in for events
and stuff so it gives me very false idea
of these places and the same has been
true pretty much whenever i've gone out
to the States but um yeah we'll see what
happens not all is lost that's it for
now I miss you guys i feel really bad i
don't-- minute video let's try and
comments and I will maybe do a proper
video once I think I need to get in your
memory card when I get new memory card
probably this week maybe if I haven't
lost my mind sounds good right but
