a man city
I was watching your phone I was the
other people can see I'm good I'm
nervous
go
but you gotta blow up this Hey ok oh god
yeah are you going you're rolling okay
okay
your hair is very thick
I'm so sorry
that's what
finding it
okay I was terrified this was terrifying
so yeah it feels great to have done that
I have the resources so why not if you
don't have the resources they are also
accepting money donations as well as
part of the half a hazel and it grows
back hair donation drive but that was
the last of my three conventions in
three weeks to be honest I feel really
run down and really tired they're doing
drilling but I kept thinking on next
weekend i can sleep and then I
remembered that I a movie house on
friday so no sleep for me till ever
anyway followed the head for his Lynette
Grizz back tags on Twitter and Tumblr
they're really amazing thousands and
thousands of people have donated their
hair and it's just crazy and that's it
that's pretty much all i have to say
today because my camera keeps cutting me
off because movie recording keeps
stopping automatically I don't know that
means okay I'm gonna hear you bail my
guys
