hello everyone I am back here with Sanne
hi to talk to you about some
lesser-known possibly lesser-known
YouTube now you might know them really
well
I can't you might need them better than
I knew that 10 for you today we're gonna
talk about a little bit about why are
you like their channel and maybe just
story some new people into the mix that
you might know that oh I'll find one
person and then I find like 10 people
attached that I was like where I didn't
I wish I'd known about them it can feel
that YouTube's quite stale or like the
same people everything yeah you've seen
the same formats I think it's really
important to look at channels especially
smaller channels that are being really
creative and having great conversations
I will start with Amy
she is a booktuber and she uploads mega
regularly also she reads a ton I really
like her taste in books we've met
several times really liked her as well
but I just really like that she like
consistently uploads videos always has
something interesting to say about the
books that she reads so yeah like that
another Instagram as well my first one
is super Sam stuff Sam is a filmmaker
and talks a lot about the creative
process but he's also quite a creative
person overall so he just shares a lot
of his like creative experience I love
how honest his videos on and how direct
but they all they never feel vitriolic
or attacking they're just very honestly
laying out issues that he's dealing with
or that he's encountering and starting
discussions so very like charismatic
very charismatic like what a lovely guy
but I really love watching him basically
become a filmmaker and figure out what
works for him and what doesn't and I
really appreciate his honesty throughout
that whole process because there's any
creative person knows where is any
person know it's trying to do anything
they're often pitfalls that come back to
like your own sense of whether you can
do something and what are the limits of
what you're able to pass and there's
nice to hear people say stuff like that
out loud someone that I have been
watching for years and years and she
recently rebranded so I feel like I
might have recommended her a couple of
years ago but still going still loving
it
her channel is so feature room with two
R's her user I'm used to be something
with candles in it but I can't remember
what it is it was over seventeen mirrors
that's owes not candles it was mirror
a YouTube reveals old username over 17
mares I kept saying sixteen Candles so
she does a really interesting man social
commentary to like her favorite things
at the moment talking about creativity I
just really like her personality
everything like her delivery of stuff
she's been doing some cute look doodlee
stuff as well this is one of the people
that you know when you have your
subscription feed come up and there's
like 50 new videos really um it's one of
the first ones that I always go for
recently she did a sort of plant slash
nature themed favorites yeah we just
watched the beginning of that and I
really appreciate it that she honors
August because August is also my
birthday month it's her birthday month
and in any August baby knows that it's
just the most important month in the
entire year so my next one is niya reads
and smiles
it's a booktube channel that i really
like again because of regular updates
it's funny as someone who doesn't upload
that really I really prized it another
people I just find I are such a like a
charismatic reader and discuss her
things that she just makes me excited
about books and not the time when I'm
looking for booktube channels I'm
looking for people who are reading you
know exactly what I'm reading but even
though that's not the case here all the
time right we read divergent things it's
just so nice to see someone so excited
about reading and the community in her
comments is pretty wonderful as well
which is so nice to find that's
something I really love about smaller
youtubers in general like their
communities but it's good so people are
elevated yeah and they all comment on
each other's videos and I really like
again I've said this so many times
before but that's something I really
would like to see bigger youtubers doing
more and like including myself
I don't always comment on videos I watch
and I try to but it doesn't always
happen
and it just it does make a really big
difference because it creates that
community implements okay my next one is
Ellie cherry she lives in California
once I said to California but she talks
a lot about sustainability and the
environment and zero waste living and
plants and thrift shopping and all that
kind of stuff and she also loves
essential oils basically I just really
like seeing her tips but also what she
gets up to so they do a lot of oh we're
gonna go to the farmers market and do
some thrift shopping and we'll take you
along or we're going on a trip through
the desert and we'll have some beautiful
drones
but also just really like her
personality and really down-to-earth
all I remember will drew me to her
channel she did a really good capsule
wardrobe overview really liked that her
videos look beautiful when you know when
you watch something you just like really
appreciate the full package and how it
looks you like the full package I'll cut
that up my next button is a Sante the
artist
I love a Sante she's just such a gem
she's such a gem and I feel so bad
because every time I go to VidCon I try
and see her and I mention with her yeah
but we just never make it happen usually
because with me cuz I'm running around
like a nutter at VidCon but I love
everything about her again she has such
honesty and she brings such intelligent
conversations to the forefront she's a
creative person she's just you always
could tell that there's like so much
going on like behind her eyes and she
makes videos about raised and creativity
and just about what her life is going
and where and what direction that's
going in but she also gets very kind of
outward-facing
videos like about how you tips you maybe
be recently about tips on moving yeah I
recently subscribed so I'm very excited
to like check on the video this is just
such a great archive of different things
and I really appreciate this she I think
she's very aware of like her audience
and and some things that she would have
liked to have seen which i think is
always a good quality to look for next
is a channel that actually I haven't
watched that many videos from yet but I
found some videos recently because this
is a couple the channels called wild we
roam again they've also recently changed
their name this is a couple that does a
lot of traveling but the videos they
make feel so I don't know how to
describe it but so physical and so like
you can touch it and there's a lot of
nature there's a lot of beautiful
buildings it's nice to see like creative
people on their journey
maybe not sort of living a life that
looks slightly different from what I'm
used to
if you like sort of like an adventurer
like wanderer kind of channel I mean
it's called walking roam so maybe what
some roaming yeah my next lesson is musk
of Lille make the most bizarre
collection of videos some of them are
short it's like a minute long and
they're just brilliant they're you know
they feature her paintings throughout
they have these short little narratives
within them they're just little flashes
of a part of her day
object in her room she made a video
about a model dog the other day I just
loved that it's something completely
different from anything else I'm seeing
on YouTube at the moment I really loved
seeing Lily grow but then also not lose
this very raw style that she has that
just had like just picks the most
interesting angles and the most
interesting lighting for that particular
video and the way she cuts it all
together it's almost stop-motion II but
not quite yeah it's kind of fragmented
start to it and they're really really
brilliant videos so I recommend them and
g2 has like a very few subscribers as
well have some of the videos any of like
87 bees so moth cup check it out I
really enjoyed we sort of spent a bit of
time showing each other the different
channels in the video so just really fun
and she did one where she had like a
painted notebook and I I mean that
always appeals to me like I don't like a
good paint yeah so my last one is John I
never doubted perhaps how do you
pronounce the last name akin I can
Aitken
I'm gonna say Atkins John B here which
also does channels called I have met him
I met him at summer in the city and
maybe once or twice more off for that
again because it was like friend of a
friend and his channel is so good his
comedic timing is incredible
it's Packer I just really appreciate his
videos you always know you're gonna get
something smart you and it gets
something funny you're gonna get
something really relevant and a bit
self-deprecating oh yeah I just I love
his personality and the last one is a
channel you will have heard me recommend
so many times that I will recommend it
yet again it is it's radish time I am
such a massive fan of Taylor's her
content like just said content like
experience the content is so good though
like she's such a storyteller and every
single story that she chooses to tell
just captivates my attentions that
however long it needs to however long
she has made the video for she was a
fellow and Sam as well actually was a
fellow creates for change alone but
we're all making videos around themes of
like xenophobia and activism and hate
speech and so on I really love what
she's doing and it frustrates me which
is the day that I don't she doesn't have
hundreds of thousand people that's but
again like we've been saying before like
it's that smaller community that
also really feeds into the channel
itself so when I go to see her videos
I'm as much going for the video itself
as I am for the conversation comments
which is always so thoughtful and people
again a very honest when I watch on my
phone I spend a lot of time like
scrolling through the comments while I
watch the video as well because it's
really nice because you can on your
phone you can see both at the same time
yeah which you can't really do on your
computer so yeah when people have good
comment sections really appreciate that
I like it I like it very much
well thank you very much for sharing
your fire if you liked my 5 as well
we're gonna pick like one video each to
showcase from those people don't do it
let's do it somewhere around our faces
for the end screen thing and then leave
us more recommendations in comments and
your thoughts also on those channels
that we've shot thanks sir all right
coming on now you can find some videos
that we made together that we've made so
many videos together yeah yeah you can
find some more recent ones you should
got confluence slash books and quills
and I'll see you guys back by cool
