hi friends today I'm going to talk about
the bling ring which is the film by
Sofia Coppola that I saw last night with
my friends in the last video everything
Wing week I'm using it as a fan because
the UK is hot hot hot hot hot hot right
now loving it though as much with my mom
and my sister and I'm like shade give me
shave as like no I want the sunshine
just made for LA living in the tradition
of film reviews on those channels gonna
take place on my brown sofa with the
help of a few things you know like I'm
so just a little bit of yeah like all of
the things they care my first
impressions I think this is a sort of
film if you're not a fan of Sofia
Coppola you probably weren't like one
thing that's huge in this film and it's
a figure there's other films of silence
and this is certainly something that she
uses to thought the max degree in this
film like the sound mixing at times is
also quite weird likes on the dialogue
is very quiet I don't know if it was
just the Odeon cinema but the
relationship between the dialogue and
the music as well was a little bit weird
it was a koala I like the way she plays
the sound I think it works really well I
do you think the stylist my favor well
some people sometimes it doesn't
overwhelm the film I feel like it
overwhelm somewhere in a way that it
didn't overwhelm for example the virgin
suicides and then okay let me talk about
the cars I absolutely love Katie Chang
I'm really obsessed with an hour but she
pays a ritual leave the favorite chili I
know Rebecca I think your name was
you're just so good at being so together
and cool and gathered and calm and while
I do think it's necessary for fictional
film to have realism in them my do you
think was very much like girls you'll
see at school you're like how did it do
that how are they so like chilled out
like everything sort of unfeasible
people the Chloe character was a lot of
fun and she had an amazing hand in this
guy big mark he was the Nick Prugo
doppelganger I know you did a really
good job of his world but I thought his
role was designed to make us feel
sympathetic towards him which I didn't
really feel at all I don't really
understand why we're supposed to bring
the girls more than the guy i don't find
his excuses compelling i didn't find his
whole position to the media compelling I
just saw I just don't like him at all
and then there's an Wattson of Nikki now
all the sort of scenes of her family
there are so many of them that were
pulled from pretty wild and they're so
funny and I think that
Isana who's the only other person in our
group who'd seen it everyone else in
cinema was like laughing at how
ridiculous this guy was being not
knowing that this is something that she
actually said once in terms of the film
itself i had locked the trademarks of
like bright colors and they said before
silences but then also like very popular
music as well very strong soundtrack
nothing stronger of course than a crown
on the ground west labels which really
set the tone for the film for the
montages of real interviews with all
these celebrities and that sort of
grainy pixelated format as well that
oftentimes you see and these videos
reproduced online as that was really
interesting to me because they didn't
pretend that they were these higher
quality videos you know which for me at
least really push the idea of these
videos being pulled from the internet
and the internet itself being the site
of these crimes and the sight of that
inception but also the site of judgment
for them and in between at the side of
their documentation through Facebook and
through selfies and through all of that
another thing that was huge to me that
hadn't really gathered from reading
about the case and was just really might
not see Joe's articles or other articles
around the case as well I almost the
idea of these houses being museums to
these people in museums you could really
delve into each object within the museum
was a museum itself and it had like
photographed history of where it had
been warning and the event it was
associated with especially with things
like a Lindsay Lohan and her trials and
whatever one of arms and museums to
ourselves things that we kind of curate
in association with other people
sometimes but mainly ones that we decide
what goes where and we're in charge of
at least once your inaudible or you live
outside of the house but these houses
with museums on a completely different
scale because the space like the
physical space of it in a way taking the
things that everyone has in the house
and just take it to another level do a
couple of photographs you might have
yourself and pictures with friends
become Paris Hilton's cushion or even
the job or a photograph to don't want
anyone else to see becoming locked up in
this huge safe of jewels the image being
created through the space in which you
live and this face which you present to
the people that you invite into your
home for them of these bling ring
burglaries you have all these people
like invading
Museum of yourself and invading your
image partly because in doing so they're
sort of capturing so when Rebecca /
rachel lee takes up from orlando bloom's
house to furnish her new home in Las
Vegas she's taking part of wall under
blooms museum and incorporating it into
her and how kind of home museum the same
as with all these other teenagers
becomes an amalgamation of everything of
everyone else and all the stuff that
really speaks to her and her experience
her experience with media especially so
I really want to like we watch the whole
thing from a museum of vacation
perspective are we going to go into a
central litigation attorneys are you not
famous Rick Baker's video I stay out of
y'all there's um no I'm know what maybe
think about she's working on the best
story about like looting yeah I don't
know response to the looting and how we
thought like obviously in when that was
in the public eye and was like all the
nutrients how can they do that in there
the London right today but they weren't
they were looting like some people
responses they were looting faceless
organizations that could afford it yeah
and in some ways like Paris Hilton to
those people was a faceless organization
that could afford it and what I like to
us like kind of the images of her face
everywhere oh it's gonna bunch of absent
but Sir present I was kind of joking
about that with idea what would these
places being museums and then robbing it
to make their museums of their room yeah
like I'm at the beach a lot so she
curated yeah what she knew of the world
and then they were just curating from
what she curated and we're under then
you compare it to that idea of like
faceless corporations because there's
that idea that like celebrities become
about so much more about branding than
it ever has before we feel that I as you
shoot this as well yeah honest and they
feel like that that like Paris Hilton's
main character so watch la go and play
that character I have the disposable
income I also think that I was taking
sob it's very thinking about it because
I feel bad about it sitting starbucks a
lot even though it's like the most fully
functioning coffee shop shade I've ever
met right I feel bad about
no they don't pay enough tax but then
I'm also kind of like how can i point
the finger when I download music
illegally and music like that's very
social but like for that that's quite
socially acceptable like right yeah
because that was all that we get like a
dumpster in limewire yeah because that's
awesome man you don't see the person
who's being stolen from driving in the
same way that they don't really see the
famous people as real people like he got
so much stuff he had to hide it as
grandma's house as I'm just like so hot
I didn't happen I able to get that in
real life so around the burn nobody but
I think we all agree that he came off
too easily like they would have to find
you that I return yeah I understand
reverse sexism I feel but also just
because he was the one who rushed and
without and gave the long interviews
like explain exactly what happened and
so his word was taken above everyone
else's yeah just as he was the first one
he was probably told me because he was a
guy to be on an is supported because he
wasn't like the crazy wild you know
Hollywood roaming teen like oh crazy
just the sex and drugs or whatever like
he was like the one who was warped why
his love of a girl yeah and then he was
special to need the redemptions oh I got
our and out of my life when you're
bitten by snake it's not just making
labor like what does Paris Hilton really
do for money she's just who she is she's
just live survived gingers do all the
things that celebrity need to duel I do
wanna interview that she's got inherited
but she but she creates the image of her
sons of the errors before you've been
knowing how much was going to inherit
mmm that's a very easy yeah but it's
even more than that so pushing that
image of herself and and like it's a
strategy is like a marketing strategy
for yourself yeah and it's really like
I'm going to inherit money which made
her actually make more money yeah from
Jon Arryn revelations memory I think
she's made the most money I've like the
hilton kids yeah practice how we be
spies the ni√±o just thought it was good
I know yeah dinnae but I thought they
weren't trying to put too much of a
philosophical spin on it which made
actually combined walks they weren't
trying to that's why yellow voiceover
yeah that's ID really like about her
blue she kind of liked very much for
thank you maria internet and stuff she
doesn't make it she's just not
judgmental and that is like as we as I
said the last day that was the floor
with they're blaming but it was so
judgmental waste this was like
non-degenerate probably what happened
yeah we're just kind of even though it
did completely favor I keep one school
in Peru go mark story um it also just
kind of labeled a card out yeah an
allowed for humor and allowed for like
the scary betson yeah I really thought
they were gonna get corner spectra yeah
yeah also like it does it's one of those
things like it's funny without needing
to be a funny set up like when I don't
know who the girl is um she's like kept
being like oh can we go to this person's
house in this versus heusen it wasn't so
like haha wait everyone was laughing
that's like oh god here we go again mmm
no I definitely like worries directed
and also like with the shock they didn't
leave didn't like over school you know
when she had the gun and she like came
into my room like shot the gun there
wasn't like a big gonna build up to that
it wasn't it wasn't like over scored of
those like scary music it was there it
was like so many hair afire as well yeah
like I gotta happen everyone into j√ºlich
what the just won't actually very
much like spring breakers hmm oh yeah
with James Franco and that when they're
like when the danger kind of happens
quite immediately but there's no like
drawn from school yes bank yeah yeah
which is bashing water which is my long
time because it's more like to actually
happen there if you had to steal from
somebody like we have to see if one
person what he would you steal from what
would you steal because you have to do
from somebody all right you just isn't
the right question but you feel it went
to stamp it
like who yeah cuz I can't eat it just
like really stop killing the children no
darling please mean to steal from David
Cameron because I feel like he's not
gonna have anything involved you it's
gonna be one of those you just felt like
there were no all persons homie I was
still further like really hate it but
hey Corey Boris Johnson I'd say oh no I
wouldn't feel that about student David
Cameron he's the guy who owns everything
green and what's-his-name mr. green
jeans like boots and he owns dark back
in sanitary fit green-eyed still
Confederate Green Man yeah I've met him
he's probably there Donna me play it
doesn't have any nice girls stuff oh you
know my old on how much determine their
produce different we put my daughter
Ashley I hate the guy also he really
hate him and you love money yes about
what it's like so no not even his money
I didn't care I his money until he's
doing for them what do you want I don't
tell me as I open its gonna have more
stuff you don't realize a but it's just
the expensive so that i can sell it and
money yeah like oh we wonder if I know
but I was stifling because I got any
guilt about him I genuinely absolutely
cheering for Jamie probably I gentle
miramare anyway lots cheating from with
a Bible which is like a terrible thing
to say but at same time I'm about
passion no I feel bad asking huh I think
that being a celebrity means that you
deserve tonight lose track of your
possessions or what I anything like that
but movement my talk is like an evil
because it's gone yeah everyone's away
yeah so I fear to stay away from me or
is he on a huge silver yeah we reach it
you have quite a good makeup collection
i know i do but i really hope that you
won't show the NFL the nice books et to
shine i don't know i don't know if i can
think of anything that I'd want that
much that it won't steal it the only
thing I was like oh
camera equipment and a nice laptop I
want to steal a piano from someone's
house it's the only thing I wanted to
project good luck Oh a projection of
Panama still make things guys I would
love the heart of the ocean from to town
I just love a gryffindor scarf that was
worn by one of the trio like something
like that like a wood beam everywhere
club with sorry all right the tiny bit
sweat I got all the time turner wow I
would love the time 10 yeah this magic
is all the bonds not barnes and
noble noble collection ones i got two
noble collection ones they both broke
the day I got them wow so upset cuz this
fast my specialist for my 16th birthday
work the Shogunate back from that and
then the key rings I got broke as well
let you burn for it online what I'm
gonna have someone's house that's all I
would love to have those really nice
like the Audrina house cinemas cuz I
like stuff but every I babs duffy last
much that it makes me that happy i just
want to have like a nice place to be a
person steals in these house like you
fought just you know they don't stop she
come out of our house is in the film who
was your favorite why they have that
fish the shot that was just on the
slider man you can see that was there
some trait that was now tired after a
jury in this mess if i did maybe think
about like how much she wants to be war
chest that's creepy I don't know she
nice and who watched husband kennebec
house forehead where sonic game is like
in cradle lives when they will have
their pen so save it yeah they're always
fighting up yeah yeah but like you don't
think about it I'm just ending with
robberies and it is esto used to be
moving as always because you don't think
about it yeah and you trust people as
well which ad I'm pretty good thing also
a good neighborhood they live in it's
not like oh I don't I don't trust a
cheesy boy no I
yeah happy about it because everyone in
the everyone written shelved by people
who are of the same financial my house a
financial reaches everybody out so like
why would somebody on x names yeah and
it's it's a threat there's no diversity
in their in their neighborhood curiouser
and curiouser overall rating to the film
up 10 hey yes I agree a solid eight yeah
not something like we watch again and
again again there's move a deadly main
thing that I really respect the way it
was the right that's it 8.5 hey goodbye
quick rain I raised once they do the
extra point five I just really doubt it
I just I found it really pretty good
cast as watch week that I I know what
why what why can't everyone exact I was
like okay I don't know yeah examine
Watson like the director dressed oh so
ever I didn't understand why don't you
think that I'd be hung did I suppose
very confused by that well just fighting
she's like using this interview about
being in prison to advertise yeah
herself for how long can we until you
can steal people if they like me
grabbing ourselves as objects with items
it's just not it makes me the black
mayor episode where they have like the
little memory recording device in their
ear and some people's advice is get Nash
so students or defensive yeah who does
that in conclusion see the film make up
your mind and discussing comments
