hey guys and this realize how much black
and darkness somewhere and try not to
demo roots until just before I go to
California in ten days they drive me
crazy in the very dark it's just taking
over my whole persona I just have so
much attitude about people who drank out
of mason jars but i have a newfound
appreciation for them they can hold so
much liquid they also can be sealed if
you were absolute walking disaster like
me and they're relatively cheap as well
I went to Vassar College for a year
after all I had to start drinking out of
mason jars at some point anyway today is
the second day in bling ring week and
today we're going to discuss the bling
ring book by Nancy Joe sales Nancy Joe
sales as a writer fan tea fair she's the
subject of the infamous Nancy joke this
is Alexis nice calling as a columnist
she's done pretty well I believe she's
won a bunch of awards and stuff as a
writer of books I would say she's so
great firstly a few overall impressions
of this true-crime book basically a
nonfiction account on the hollywood
burglaries that happened in 2008 and
2009 it's very much to the trend of a
magazine article with the length of a
book which is slightly torturous it's
bit of a fat dump and not really that
very good fact included.i Nancy Jo flips
between being so utterly derisive and
judgmental and also see me sometimes
like she's writing fanfiction about
these people because it will sort the
subject to my Monday video which I link
at the description I'm going to start
with the flow of her being severely
judgmental because I think that is so
critical to the failure of this book
I've read a few books about crimes
actually happened it might be completely
wrong about this but I feel like a large
part of it is laying out the timeline
and then also trying to work out the why
it felt like throughout Nancy Joe was so
key to distance herself from the
possibility of ever understanding what
these people could possibly be thinking
that she didn't really address the why
and she didn't really explore it in ways
that she could have she felt back on the
easy lazy conclusions but in a way that
allows Nancy Joe to progress forward
with famous wholly negative thing like
in every possible way
especially in the first third of the
books the idea that everyone has access
to fame and Facebook and all this stuff
and people used to be famous because
they were talented which I don't believe
is entirely true people used to be known
because of something now they're not
known for anything I may just be taking
this quite personally as someone who
video blows on the internet and also
obviously that involves some level of
if so much more she could have gone into
like the fact that Alexis Neiers for
example is using video blogs and blogs
and Twitter and everything like that to
almost have that retelling of their own
story other than through the traditional
forms of reality TV over which they
don't have actually that much control
but instead she chose to focus more on
the accounts through mainstream media
like through ABC News and that sort of
thing again throughout for someone who
spent so much of her time writing about
young people well as she had such a lack
of understanding of young people
especially early in the book she didn't
include that many original studies so
think she was saying felt very much like
opinions rather than tried and tested
case studies one thing I did find quite
funny which I wanted to mention just
because my video in flux but is this
week says that Fame junkies 2007 author
Jake Halpern and a team of academics
conducted a survey of 650 teenagers in
the Rochester New York area they talked
about the findings and 43% of girls said
they would like to grow up to become a
personal assistant to a very famous
singer or movie star three times more
than as chose a United States Senator
and four times more than chose chief of
a major company like General Motors
I feel like Nancy Joe instantly
attributed to this with an obsession
with Fame rather than a lack of women in
leadership roles which is like a big
part of what I've been exploring this
year with the fallout of Lynette so in a
way while the saint's is something that
is everyone's issue and everyone's
concerned just blaming on these oh
obsessed teenagers for the past like 20
or 30 years people obsessed with Fame
but again for example when page 45 she
says why we're girls being so
self-destructive there's certainly no
lack of positive role models for girls
in America Oprah Winfrey Hillary Clinton
Serena Williams but there's also no
question that there's a disproportionate
amount of coverage of women you wouldn't
necessarily want your daughter to
emulate and here kind of crept in the
slut-shaming aspects of it as well which
I also found a little bit uncomfortable
and weird and she uses the phrase
slut-shaming later but definitely in the
way that she talks about these girls who
are like 60 and 17 years old is at times
extremely judgmental sexually in their
sexual behavior and again describing
them as excessively sexual now I know
the idea of things like pretty wild and
girls gone wild and all that sort of
stuff is too
showcase this wildness but she uses it
as an example office hypersexuality the
pole dancing classes I know if you guys
have ever seen pole dancing outside of
like a club setting or even sometimes in
the club setting but it's a freaking
skill the way that these women use their
bodies and are taught to use their
bodies and the strengths that they
develop throughout that process that's
not something to be snared up just
because of its associations so thought
that was kind of ridiculous and yeah how
I did it okay there's no lack of
positive role models for girls in
America but then citing all these women
who are like celebrity role models in a
way and like big political role models
rather than women they're seeing in
leadership roles throughout their
immediate environment like that's a very
different thing and so yeah on a 73 the
bit where just says the history of
celebrity has always been a history of
excellence which it's questionable I
think and I threw out there a number of
inaccuracies I'm gonna highlight this
one because it's one that I know for
sure is in the neck through C even if
you don't like like a show and you get
your facts about it right if you're
writing about it anyways it's talked
about the hills and it saying the Laguna
Beach produces threw a winning ticket
and five Conrad to fashion school in LA
setting her up in an apartment in the
Hollywood Hills with three hot roommates
Heidi Montag Whitney poor and Audrina
Patridge the little phrases and the
little things along the way it's a
slightly twisted truth that's what
completely informs an argument the
descriptions of the robberies using
quotes mainly from Nick Prugo slike
testimony and interviews and stuff as
well they're really weird they are
written like fan fiction they are
written a bit like and then Rachel saw
the closets and she was blown away I
wasn't engaging it wasn't factual either
it did nothing in between there were
little maintenance has such potential
for further exploration like the
question of whether if Rachel me one of
their burger buns
could it be famous could she be infamous
is she want to get caught was that why
she was very blatant about having robbed
these places or was it that the
robberies were themselves such a rush
and such a kind of indulgent addictive
adrenaline provoking experience no Nancy
Jo starts attacking me I see a nice talk
getting pretty pissed describing some of
the embodiment of the sarcastic flak
mouths eye rolling mode of discourse
seriously so prevalent now among teenage
girls on television
and consequently in real life when for
me at least growing up somewhere was one
of the first women on TV boys all really
standing up for herself weird little
side story here I love Sabrina the
Teenage Witch I thought was a brilliant
show I watched a lot growing up the
world of examples where Sabrina being a
young female witch just gave in when
people were critical of her especially
guys and the way she talked to guys as
well she kind of let them have the upper
hand
it was quite defeating to watch because
she was so deflated through that but
summer said no sir you have to choose
between me and Anna
or you're not treating me right or you
want everything for yourself
choose a brilliant character and Nancy
Jo just reduces that to all the
quotations from the series where she
says things like that she suffers from
rage blackouts and stuff kind of saying
oh yeah she's just another sport little
rich girl when everything is so much
more complicated and interesting than
that and even when she sort of
acknowledges that stuff saying someone
was a girl you could handle herself once
telling a presumptuous suitor I'm not
gonna be your sloppy seconds ass face
not exactly Elizabeth Bennet putting mr.
Darcy miss face in Pride and Prejudice
but critics held the show with clever
anyway the Scarecrow to hers again
that's he Joe distancing herself not the
sort of thing that I would think well
this accounts steeped of Nancy Joe so in
case you have a grounded I was really
disappointed in The Bling Ring by Nancy
Joe sales I obviously felt like she gave
a look for so much more hard time than
she gave Nick Prugo and was again
endorsing his story which I can't say
obviously if it's wrong or white because
I don't know I'm not inside their heads
but I did feel like it wasn't a real
like case study at all it wasn't an
account of the true crime it was an
account of what she thought of the
coverage of the crime or what she
thought of these people my friends and I
again see the film tomorrow 9:00 and
9:00 I'll show you the video when I get
back but I won't be able to edit and
upload till Saturday so you'll see that
then and if any of you have read the
book tell me about it in comments and
also like to hear about any other like
crime related films documentaries and
the thing that you've watched books
you've read I'm really interested to you
because maybe I'll start reading more of
those I will see you guys in Saturday
morning bye tinkles
