hey everyone happy July and welcome to
the first Android bling ring week videos
this video is gonna be about pretty wild
a reality TV show that adds like 9
episodes in 2010 and then stopped so
pretty well does ostensibly about these
three sisters Gabi Tess and Alexis who
would like trying to make it bake in LA
oh my gosh so new so original and their
family dynamic is a bit interesting so
their mother andrea is very like
holistic but in a very odd ways she's
obsessed with the book and the film the
secret she homeschools her children
based on the secret and she's just very
Spacey in a quite unusual way I hate the
word inappropriate but she's a little
bit inappropriate she's also in awe of
her husband the girl's stepdad Jerry
Hughes has a smile on his face as he
says some sort of thoughtful phrase or
you know understanding about how we're
gonna get through this tough time or
whatever and then there's suspected
tough times themselves at the very first
episode of the show titled the arrest
alexis is arrested while the cameras are
filming basically that I mean they get
them to turn them off while they come in
the house for allegedly breaking into
the homes of Hollywood stars and
stealing their things pacifically Rachel
Bilson's handbag among many many other
things and it's those burglaries on
which bling ring is based there's so
many factors in play that make this show
so interesting for me firstly that E is
an entertainment channel and I willingly
commissioned this show about these
teenagers one of whom ends up robbing
the houses of many of the people that
Eve regularly reports on and kind of
hell's up and and prioritizes in their
news cycles secondary to that because
they start with the arrests you kind of
spend the rest of the series trying to
understand how they became that way and
the show and dangerously and ain't and
the show really pushes you to judge and
the show makes no qualms about pushing
you to judge these girls and their
parents as well like it shows them as
bratty it shows them as privileged their
past but they're pretty Nancy not to in
any way excused the actions of these
young women because I do think they're
playing a very clever game but it also
in a way sometimes make you see you make
fun of them so someone who supposedly
didn't really watch reality TV that much
for me to get sucked in when also the
editing is terrible they cut together
scenes surrounded me and they do all the
extra voiceovers and you can tell what
they've chopped out and stuff like the
thing with Made in Chelsea for me is
there's actually really well produced
show for what it is but pretty walls is
very like early stages reality TV is
large
the idea of a Lexus is a criminal and
was that he's very hyper sexualized
teenagers that makes it such an
appealing show you can't restart
watching I mean you probably can't stop
watching and this you probably make the
sensible decision to stop watching so
there is some things I'm not
understanding how these people are real
and then obviously to accept they're not
really real because they're saying
things probably they're suggested to say
there's also the fact that supposedly
Alexis was living in a Best Western
during the filming of most of this and
wasn't actually living at home and so
many constructed aspects that reality
but the editing the ordering of the
episodes and the blatant like mixing up
of storylines for example on the same
episode in which you have the infamous
Nancy Drew this is Alexis Neiers calling
saga you see that she's wearing the same
clothes that she's wearing in the
episode where her little sister
confronts her saying this is my 16th
birthday you're not some kind of whole
party it's just a very fractured little
series and he's still trying to make it
linear and children I make it explain
something and I personally feel and this
is definitely promoted by the sort of
judgmental look of the camera that
you're waiting for her to admit secretly
that she actually did it and you're
wondering whether Alexis comments to
test at some point behind closed doors
that she actually did it you know so in
that way as with so many shows and
probably every story reality or
otherwise you become the judge you are
one of the jurors which although in some
ways is different with reality TV shows
because these are supposedly real people
in real people's lives and at the heart
of it they are like playing themselves
whether or not that's like an
exaggerated version of themselves it
also caused quite a harsh light on the
way that we interact with a lot of
fiction in general or just any
storytelling like is our relationship
with it a relationship of judgment
constantly but maybe I'm quite like a
judgmental reader and judgmental viewer
as well it may be that's just specific
to a few of us perhaps judgment isn't
pushed on everything but I do think that
there is a certain amount of taking
someone's side that takes place whenever
you tell a story read a story write a
story because of the limitations of our
perspective you know so yeah there's my
thoughts are pretty wild on Wednesday
I'll be reviewing The Bling Ring book by
Nancy Joe sales and on Friday I will be
reviewing the film and then also see you
guys tomorrow on the vlog brothers
channel as well probably around 7 p.m. 8
p.m. or something British time so yeah
bye guys let me know your thoughts on
being judgmental when interpreting
fiction and reality and what is reality
in what is TV and wire male characters
called Spencer on reality TV shows such
pricks
you know in comments by
