hello everyone from Madrid where I am
video blogging from the top of my
sisters flat it's really really nice up
here never been to Madrid support I've
never visited her before even know her
and her husband and her two kids have
lived here for quite a while now so it's
really nice to be here it's like 27
degrees it's something like 8pm still
completely warm and beautiful and
amazing and you can see the start of the
sunset behind me and it's so so cool so
today my nephew who's three years old
told me that if I were a ninja turtle I
would be Raphael and I take this more
seriously than I would ever take like my
horoscope or anything so I looked enough
and I looked at you know the character
traits that most closely align here
align me in my nephew's mind to Raphael
so Raphael is most likely to experience
extremes of emotion he's usually
depicted as being aggressive sullen
maddened this is all I like rebellious
because no word has probably described
me less in my like teenage years as
rebellious and my childhood years it was
pretty afraid of making people unhappy
like pissing people off but it might
about years a little bit more rebellious
I would say my rebellion has really come
out so I think they do talk to you soon
you know not that I wasn't Gryffindor
from the start but still it just goes to
show things you really align yourself
with the teenager don't necessarily mean
you're kind of life sentence massage
description not that there's anything
wrong one we go to leesburg so there's
anything wrong with like sticking to the
rules or anything the origin of
Raphael's anger is not always fully
explored but and this is the Time Lord
aspect of it in some ink
appears to stem partly from the
realization that they're the only
creatures of their kind and are
ultimately alone he also has a somewhat
turbulent relationship with his older
brother Leonardo because he's the group
leader sounds yummy belly this is the
best part of it so as I say something I
didn't really embrace when I was younger
but I'm racing now so I want to ask you
guys what did you not embrace me the
younger in your embrace now and then
second that which ninja turtle would you
identify with and which do you think
other people would say you were if you
had to pick I'm going to leave you with
a beautiful view of Madrid at nine
forty-three p.m. it's still so warm and
I told you guys later bye
