hi guys so today I will just talk a
little bit about the word pathetic it's
weird how words somehow get into your
head and behave in a certain way I feel
that pathetic for me you passed me is
one of the harshest things you can say
to people and that's just saying it in a
very sarcastic dry brush off the
shoulder kind of concept but not only is
it I think one of the worst things you
can say to someone it's also one of the
most frequent ways that I describe
myself in conversation with other people
when talking about certain situations
certain problems and that is very
indicative of either a good thing in
that I don't use the word that much of
other people was worth what I have in
the world for other people or a very bad
thing in that the worst world I can
think of is the word that I'm most
frequently used to describe myself so
it's two things at once really first
though it's worth having a little look
at the etymology of the word pathetic
and it goes back down to 1597 and kind
of middle French and as is often the
case at that time I had a completely
different meaning it was all about
stirring the passions and moving and
exciting and and making yourself feel
something for something it isn't until
the late 1930s that it's used in the
sense of so miserable as to be
ridiculous that sort of judgmental
scornful side of it is actually product
for the last 100 years which is crazy
just goes to show how radically words
change and how their usage changes for
me personally the most damaging thing
about the word pathetic is that there
doesn't seem to be a substance that it's
kind of an absence of anything behind
the images sort of a weird like limp
floppy piece of like wet napkin or
something you thought I was gonna say
something else but really pathetic to me
cause to mind the idea of someone who
has all this misery but doesn't
necessarily have a right to it or have
any way out of it and is maybe not doing
all they can to kind of provide
themselves with a spine and I think
that's a very typical reaction that we
can have to feelings of misery and
sadness when they dragged on for a
really long time but something that we
start taking out on ourselves like our
own pain starts to be a reason to attack
ourselves and starts to be a reason to
take ourselves apart and to say that
there's nothing there's nothing
underneath I think that's something that
can happen as much over a short period
of time as they for a long period of
time but I think it is more destructive
when it's happening over a long period
of time because you start to a drop
language like pathetic
put into your sort of everyday work a
theory without even realizing it and
just accepting all of its kind of I
guess connotations or all of its like
strange meanings and what it means to
you and your situation so I actually
think the word pathetic is more damaging
than we maybe give it credit for for me
at least it definitely gives much in my
attempt to be much kinder to myself in
2013 something that I've not necessarily
succeeded at so far spending so much
time focusing on yourself and how you
use language and how you describe
yourself that in itself sounds very
narcissistic and very inwardly focused
but I think it explains a lot about how
we behave with other people as well so I
feel like that sort of a little
lightbulb moment that's been really
helpful for me but I just wanted to know
whether you guys were there any words
that you used to describe yourself or
any ways that you think I like the worst
thing a person can be kind of thing that
you see parallels in your own behavior
with and how you talk about yourself
weird and also want to know your
thoughts on the word pathetic anyway see
you next week I'm gonna try and do
Monday Wednesday Friday again but we
will see what happens basically on
Monday it should be a book review video
but it might also be like best of London
video we'll see what happens
who will know alright see you guys
Monday bye
