before I get into the main bit of this
video let me just say that I went to see
George Watsky the other night and it was
absolutely amazing I am saw him last
year and I've seen him at VidCon as well
and he's just so good every time now I'm
not focus I actually met some of you
guys as well which I really always
enjoyed doing so yay Mallory 2776 who
designed the pizza join t-shirt has a
tumblr where she posts screencap I have
noted this as well I have stuff like 100
subscribers Amanda de Cadenet tweeted at
me there's leaking that made me really
really happy valerie has these green
caps of a blog TV chatter John did way
way back in the day me and if like a few
other people were always always in there
was really funny looking back through
those screen caps and just see my little
using it up there like always keen my
shoes at that time especially around
2008 was such a big thing everyone was
just doing all the time next it there a
lot actually can I remember Haley doing
them a bunch of times as well especially
through blog TV and I did a fair for you
but then for whatever reason live shows
became kind of lesson that's common I
got approached by a lot of companies who
wanted to work with me like big life and
you now and stuff the kind of game of
fighting them and I think it's you now
is where you like kick people off as
well and self is it's very weird I like
being able to go to show and knowing
that the post i want to see is going to
be that but it really works for some
people that you can just X on out if you
don't like them the same thing that kind
of motivates ratings web sites and that
sort of stuff your judgment matters and
it's kind of motivated by that which
anything is necessarily the best
framework for having a live show but
then the live shows that you know I want
to do and I want to watch or ones that
involve a lot of talking and not that
much like where are a big like speaking
me respond visibly to have all these
companies like approaching me thinking
that I just wanted loads of numbers we
did go into a phase where they'd realize
people had stopped largely doing live
shows and they thought that they could
fill this gap with with that in the
meantime you get all these things like
be used on dailybooth imitate that live
sense especially the youth or you can be
typing question in and a pre-prepared
arts will already pop up and it's as
though that creator is talking to you
and response to your question it's very
like simulated individual connection
always had a very limited lifespan like
that's not something that people want in
any sustained way especially after
they've gone through all the answers and
like there's a limit to them there's
it's exhaustible the formspring also
really big for a little while and then
kind of went out the picture already
like imac waiting for spring which is
like this question service with a live
show now i think we're all a lot more
involved of twitter and tumblr and stuff
so there is a certain lightness to it
but not in the same way as like everyone
kind of coming together in a community
fashion and i did a hangout last month
and i enjoyed it a lot I just don't have
that our to a portion to doing a live
show or then when I do but time we get
there like I feel like I don't have
enough to give I think it's a lot to do
with the fact that you're the only
person talking collaborative live shows
and hang out some things like that are
so popular because you get to have
multiple voices and that not only tastes
of pressure off it also adds a really
great dynamic into it so I don't know
you're like what the future that is but
i do think like I'm trying to understand
that hangouts are actually really clever
in their collaborative aspect I decide
about this was quite open and the fact
you can broadcast on your YouTube
channel as well it's very open broad and
I like that about it but the other thing
I'm looking into and I've said like all
these companies often approached me and
one company Richmond called ok hello in
which you won't have been seeing me
tweet about I think they put a couple of
other people's where I like care if it
basically it's like an iPhone app
actually let me find it but first let me
show you my background yeah that's great
I case we've got ok la which is there
it's just like an iphone app which is
kind of like I message but it has a
really charge of interface and the cool
thing about it is that you can do
spontaneous group video chats and stuff
but a feature that Mary and I have been
enjoying a lot is sending each other on
locations you can like send a little map
with your location to you can text it to
someone in the same message streamers
you have your group video chat and your
pictures and your texts and whatever so
we've just been sending you on locations
which is like in our rooms just back and
forth so we're like in the same place of
some reason we really enjoy it but what
you see is like the next step for live
shows and like I hate holding it stuff
like this like fan interaction because
we interact a lot you and I because well
I think this isn't the case there are
some people have said well people just
don't have the sustained attention to
sit and watch a one-hour live show
anymore but I also do think that a lot
of YouTube is now at least during a big
time crunch because we're getting a bit
more
more like ambitious with the scope of
what we do that everyday life and we
also simultaneously have all these other
opportunities as well being presented to
us I don't know that I would say that
things like okay hello or like a direct
alternative live shows but I think that
it's a fun other option that we can
explore and I don't know I think it'd be
really fun if we did so yeah you can't
feel now if you want to and if you don't
then that's fine as well but user name
is rosianna on that what day is it today
it's a thursday today see you guys
Monday bye
