hey everyone so this is actually the
second time i recorded this oh my gosh
life is YouTube is so hot this is a
dream stag video the tag was originally
sought by Kristina Horner Kelly hide he
was now left me to go back to the USA
tagged me in this video tag so I guess
the idea of the tag is to talk about
your best dreams no worries but I ever
have any good dreams and I have had like
four or five good dreams maybe over the
past three years or something like it is
ridiculous I don't do man anything
except nightmares which is really really
fun those good dreams that I did have
all involved sleeping with celebrities
so when I dream good i dream good guys
my nightmares which would like every
dream have a theme of people chasing me
I mean that's like the general thing
normally people chasing me with a weapon
normally it's knife or a gun and the
thing is they ways turn out to be people
I know and like while sometimes it is
easy to see why that person came to my
dream other times it's really weird and
random and I had a really really
horrible version of this a few years ago
like around the time of 64 mine when I
was in sixth form and I was like weirdly
pregnant and I had these three people
running after me like just racing racing
off to me with knives like massive
knives and they stopped me almost like
weird more like something that was
really unfamiliar to me and they got the
knives and they cut out the baby from my
stomach and then like ran off with it
and they turned out to be three of the
teachers from my school I wasn't
particularly anxious that exam wise at
the time I hadn't really you know i only
spent the normal amount of time with
those people so it was it was weird that
turned into that crazy dream but yeah it
does always turn out to be people now
when i do often die in my dreams which I
know isn't supposed to happen but yeah I
often die like bleed to death where I'm
shot or whatever it's great the next
kind of earliest changing I can remember
is of being chased by these really crazy
like a female to clone things I'm
humanly to like seven and a half feet
maybe just like something ridiculous
there's an episode of sabrina the
teenage witch which wasn't actually out
when i was having a gonna start having
this dream so it wasn't from that but
with that Raquel Welch in it Raquel
Welch was is like really huge hats like
big round hats it shows us obviously she
has this amazing figure so it's kind of
like an exaggeration of that but the
waist of these women
because they were like women even though
they were frozen in in crazy smiles and
stuff their waist kind of went into it
almost nothing like when you twist a
balloon like when you're making balloon
animals it was really really creepy and
they had like this bright catsuits like
bright blue cat suit on and that was
very similar to like whatever they make
disco pants on out of and yeah and the
hat was like the same shade of blue and
they just had these really maniacal
smiles anyway they would chase me like
up the hill that was near my house and I
would every time go into this other
house that was a nearby I don't think
actually really exists by we go into it
I would always like hide somewhere in
the front room just like anywhere so I
could kind of had an idea of what was
happening and I'd always look up into
these big bay windows and there would be
one of these crazy women like looking
down at me and they'll just come in and
like take me away it was so so scary I
hated her so much I did a cover not the
trips and my dreams and a lot of this
must be like about ambition a lot of it
is about stress in the grand scheme of
things like those are actually the good
dreams of had some dreams are a lot sad
and I think it's when they relate more
directly to my life and I've had any
variations on it before but I had this
one dream that a really really good
friend of mine was dead I was allowed to
go to the funeral and all my friends
were now to go everyone who who knew him
was allowed to go but I wasn't there to
go I was like stuck outside the church
crying they're like the people coming up
telling me all the reasons why I wasn't
allowed to go to the funeral which was
horrible it's a horrible dream I woke up
crying and texted all my friends I was
like that help and then after my dad
died that has some really messed up
dreams I've only had like three dreams
and in which my dad is like starred
directly and one of them was like he was
like Wiggly infantile I was just sitting
in front of our fireplace in the house I
grew up in and was just like stroking
this cat and I couldn't talk it was
really like that was one of the like
tamer ones and what I had immediately
after you died was I was waiting outside
my house waiting for my dad's driving to
theatre and he like never turned up
really really late with day he was
supposed to come quite early in the day
and he like came down the road to call
my house was like walking towards
theatre which I knew was really far away
I started shouting at him like you
didn't come your spouse he was supposed
to come like take me to the theater and
you promised you'd come you do
tom was a huge like screaming screaming
augment he didn't really say much he was
kind of like cross that I was shouting
at him whatever and I like got into his
car somehow and somehow had his keys and
I can't drive in real life or in dream
life I was like driving this car to this
random theater but I was so out of
control everything was like swerving
massively and I think that's a big part
of it like feeling like I was out of
control but I was just swerving hugely I
could hear like sirens behind me and
then I crashed so that was really fun
I'm pretty sure I died in that dream as
well or at least was knocked out so that
was great and then the fire team going
to talk about is even creepier and
weirder and like slightly more
depressing my dad was alive for 15 more
minutes and we knew he'd have a stroke
again I was just me in here and there
like a number of things I'd been told
would like a jatate his strokin would
make his trick him sooner so we're in
this like shopping center which is very
similar to the one that like princess
hey in Exeter which is like this big
just kind of flat shopping center but
this one had like stories as well it
sounds really insistent we're going to
pizzaexpress and I can't remember why
but I feel like Pete's roots I felt like
Peter Express was one of the things that
had been forbidden or like me because it
was a bit far and I didn't think we'd
have enough time made the way he like
won the argument or whatever I was just
like too scared to make him across or
anything so on our way and it's like
within this big shopping center then all
of a sudden he just looks at me glazes
over and dies right there in the tree it
was horrible and i just had to stand
there what all these like ambulances
came around and it was just a horrible
horrible dream so really like if you
kind of put all those dreams into em
into the equation i guess you can
understand why I'd prefer the like weird
betrayal shooting chasing gun dream
maybe that contributes to why I don't
really enjoy sleeping how much I don't
enjoy it I feel like it's kind of a
waste of my time and maybe that's just a
masquerade for being terrified of all
these horrible dreams but yeah I know
that really worries my mother as well so
if you're watching this mother don't be
worried it's fine I'm used to it but I
just do wished i didn't get such
horrible dreams and i tried various
things for the dreams keep on coming I
don't really know who to tag because now
i feel like i've bought the toned-down i
don't really want to like burden on
anyone Sarah snitch Sammy g ariana n
lang
that's it that's enough it's cool all
right I'm feel free to do it yourself as
well 30 responses cool bye
