Hey and so hey guys so I just wanted to
make a quick video and unlisted video
probably on that quick because I will
ramble on in response to Alexis video
about feeling like if they lose a friend
because that's not something I've
experienced in that regard but I think
because of my personality type I've
experienced something kind of similar
that it's really shaped my outlook on on
friendship when I was in secondary
school I've always had like a bunch of
different friendship groups that's just
the way I am
I like noise and people and like pretty
extroverted in a weird way I'm ENFJ I
think yeah I'm pretty extroverted and
like I get my energy from being around
other people and I like talking to
people I like diving into conversations
with people so yeah like that's not a
thing for me like I just love meeting
people so I had like a bunch of
different friendship groups and we were
all like with one of my fresher groups
we would like write on LiveJournal and
stuff that was a big thing and she quite
know if like my past it as well and when
I was like 12 and 13 and I remember
seeing one day in like one of my friends
posts saying they were like referred to
me as like The Drifter I got really
upset by it because I'd naively assumed
that even though I did have all these
fresher groups that they were all kind
of talented me as one of them like
rather than as someone who kind of
didn't really belong anywhere I was just
drifting between friendship groups but
then like that was the last time I let
that bother me because I realized that
you don't see that figure who doesn't
have that one solid French group you
don't really see them in fiction you
don't see them in TV and film
you're not introduced to that I see
people think that's weird like people
think it's really weird when I don't
stick like glue to people people think
it's really weird when I don't like
depend on people in this really intense
way that's just not my nature at all at
all I always like I have learnt to look
after myself and it's taking like it's
taking a while it's been a process but
especially recently like I look out for
myself and make sure I'm okay as if I'm
okay then I'm better suited to help
other people you know when they need
help or to like be their support but I
couldn't do anything if I'm not okay for
us and if I didn't put myself but that's
like that is something I'd have to run
that I just have to learn
but I guess in a way it's something I've
been learning since that stupid life
don't like I'm sure she didn't mean it
maliciously I didn't think it was just
one of those things that like didn't
really think about how I would perceive
that and cool see we were like 13 but
yeah so like not that long after that I
don't really get bullied or anything
like they look called names and stuff
from primary school especially because I
was quite tubby but yeah I like I don't
know so not long after that like some of
my friends wrote something about me on
the Internet and not many people in that
friendship we would back me up and it
was just really horrible and about
really alone for a long time and I was
like oh well maybe this is why people
have these solid friendship groups and
they have these best friend ideals
because when these things happen you
have people around you but then
obviously that's not the case because
that's saying like she didn't feel that
she was supported by friends she felt
like they were kind of part of the
things making her unhappy so I'd like I
do think it's more about you and and
being happy with being happy with how
you like to spend time with people being
happy with yourself as an extrovert or
as an introvert or whatever or even not
taking it into account if you don't
think that's helpful for you and now
like it's not something it's something
that I love because being this person
having these sorts of friendship groups
means that I am like such strong friends
of people all around the world it means
that I'm so happy to have weeks like
this week when I've gone out like every
single night and been able to see all
these different people who inspire me so
much and here we have such fun with and
like such a stupid amazing time with but
it does make me feel bad every now and
then though like it does make me feel
like or maybe they don't feel like I'm
paying enough attention to them or like
if I choose to go out with X person even
if they've asked me you know if
something's asked me to go do something
and I go do it then sometimes like
another person and when I say I'm going
out this person will get annoyed because
they'll be like oh I spend so much time
with them it's like whatever it gets
this point when you just like know if
when you I don't know I feel like when
you're sure enough
of what you're doing I always be open to
other people's feedback and stuff but
when you're sure enough of like how you
operate a guess and what makes you happy
how you have to protect yourself as well
I think it becomes much easier
it's just be like to just hold things at
arm's length and just feel like you
can't get to me and you won't get away
with talking to me like that like that
sort of stuff I don't know it's been
weird they're like my whole friendship
thing is he's always been a little odd
especially because I think a big part of
the reason why I have that is because
I've always spent so much time working
and being busy because that's just what
I love doing
I love always having stuff one always
stuff on the go and because it just
keeps me like ticking stops me from
going completely insane so like I think
that's a big part of why I jump between
friendship groups as well because I you
know had extracurriculars at school and
I was working really hard like on my
actual schoolwork and like I wouldn't
always have time to like just I don't
know do you everything everyone wanted
but I had a lot of time to see different
people doing these various activities
and making new friends and then yeah I
just I guess I wanted to say that it's
okay if you don't feel like you belong
to a friendship group and if you feel
like that's okay like that's fine no one
ever told me that it was fine to not
feel like I was stuck oh you never told
me it was fine to feel like I didn't
really need one main friendship group
never never told me that was okay and I
feel like that's so weird because
there's so many people on this planet
and people are really interesting so of
course you would try and meet as many
people as possible
or like that's just the way I see it I
mean it's fine if you don't as well
that's the thing but now we're talking
that my thing was okay and I kind of it
was in a way it was good that no one
told me that because it meant I learnt
it for myself but sometimes I do you
think back to how like obviously it's
something I still remember like how hot
I thought reading my friends saying that
I was like adrift I remember it's like
just feeling horrible and I remember
crying about it as well like it was just
awful
but again I don't know I think a big
part of it is
of this whole like learning about
yourself journey is learning how you
operate with other people and also like
how not to let them treat you badly as
well and that people treating you badly
doesn't have to be malicious it can just
be people not understanding you and how
you are and that's like that's how it's
come about that I have treated people
poorly in the past when I haven't really
understood them and and the fact that
you know they don't have this outlook on
interpersonal relationships and stuff
and yeah like it's hard but then yeah I
would I would appreciate that but then
never demand that people like appreciate
these things about me and appreciated
that I am independent and I am the
self-sufficient and that I do have lots
of friends and I love them all making me
loving one good friends doesn't mean
that I love
another group of friends less one group
of friends being internet bases I mean
that I love my London friends less and
vice versa will feel like they
understand me laughs or anything like
it's just everyone just needs to like
chill with the judgement just chill out
man it's gonna be fine
it's gonna be good I do you think yeah
okay I just want to say that I don't
really know I'm saying but yeah I hope
people have very nice Saturday this is
gonna be unlisted because partly I put
up a video yesterday and because partly
I have a video per Monday so that's
really good yeah cool good story oh my
god oh my god oh my god
now that hazel and Gustav of Buddha the
cost I just can't even oh my god
