hi everyone so in today's video I want
to tell you a little bit about the
things that I think are going up in May
yes it's my first thing maybe a little
unconventional but i would say gardening
the sun's out now so you can stay out
gardening till the evenings and if like
me you've left your Christmas tree out
to die in the garden until May then it's
probably time to haul it to the house
pine needles and all and throw it in the
communal bin outside your flat or you
need some good shoes preferably ones
that cover your ankles because you never
know those pesky nettles I wore like
some great boots that I have like this
some light clothing because one tends to
get a little bit sweaty when gardening
and some good gardening gloves hours
were actually once we found at the 99p
store but they're good 99p store gloves
so yay other essentials include big
black bin liners and if you're me and I
phone that is playing solely sleigh
bells loudly into your ears and going
with you through the night as you clear
a year's worth of debris from your
garden because the natural world has
decided to shower upon you yoga pots
yeah neighbors upstairs that awesome a
second thing going up and she's always
always going up Libba Bray the other day
i finished the audio book of beauty
queens which i have been savoring
because it is the most beautifully
amazing funny sensational II read audio
book that I've probably ever heard in my
life liver braid manages just oh she's
so good at it the promise of beauty
queens might sound a little bit like
some stories you've had before namely
all the Flies loss etc etc but a Plane
full of beauty queens crashes on a
desert island what happens acts a study
of female friendship a study of
potential a study of resourcefulness and
just everything good and funny yes I'm a
fan I'm a really big fan of beauty
queens you should check it out other
things by Libba Bray include the German
oil series a great and terrible beauty
the diviners which I'm like savoring as
well like that's the thing i kind of i'm
normally tear through books but with
liver bread is love her writing so much
that i was savor each and every single
chapter she'll start going bovine I
think she's written some other things as
well but my memory is bad sometimes so
you should check out little braids
little brain Libba Bray I love liberate
the thing going up that day
rekorderlig cider which I have all year
round but it's especially nice and
summertime because it's a little bit too
sweet sometimes but it's nice to like
treat yourself to a bottle after a heavy
day of gardening and I just like have
that or you just like chill out and then
you go to sleep very comfortably because
you've been having bad dreams recently
but a bottle of recording surgeries a
nice little nightcap before you go to
sleep fourth topshop if you go through
my wardrobe which is a video is planning
to do at some point but I don't know if
that will ever get done because that's
one of my only I make that really a kind
of plans um i would say at least fifty
percent of it is Topshop and actually
when I was leaving secondary school
boyfriend only said to me yeah I've
noticed that you're wearing quite a lot
of talk shop now don't think I haven't
noticed that yeah I'll of top chef even
though it's like a little bit out of my
price range all the time it's just
investment pieces and normally when you
go and work at a place you're supposed
to hate it forever and never shop there
again and I worked a top man but I'm
still just lying so much topshop
especially when I've had a bad day I'm
not big shopper but when I've had a bad
day and it coincides with like payday
then i buy stuff this I bought from
Topshop these denim shorts I have one
that you can't see because I'm not ten
feet tall but I bought them a few years
ago and they're my staple denim shorts
and i love them i bought this amazing
bright pic bra from job to job which I
love the speech dress which you saw me
wearing in my earlier videos as well
it's from Topshop which is just
beautiful and thin and light and that's
what I really like about that's the
clothes I tend to go for like the really
thin light ones that you don't have to
think about moving in that's why i love
summer because you can actually wear
those clothes I don't like things that
feel constricted that's why don't really
wear any jeans because I feel like jeans
really constrict me that's why I'll
never be Lauren Conrad properly then
there's this dress so cool the best
thing at the moment is that Topsail has
like among the best prints and I love
prints and then this amazing warmer
jacket as well where she also saw in one
of my recent videos but it's just I love
it love it then i put my elephant
trousers well and just they've got so
much good stuff I've literally had to
ban myself from shopping at topshop but
then also they were staples things like
my leather dress that I bought over
Christmas which isn't real leather it's
clever then all these little Clips
shirts as well like this one too just
has everything I want and it's annoying
because I don't have the money to buy it
but I love topshop so chop chop is also
going up sticking in the fashion vein
which is not really a vein
we really go too much on this channel
but I absolutely am obsessed with a
cover of the latest vote let me open up
just the colors I love Kate Moss anyway
but the colors of this issue are my
spring colors it's just so good like I
don't know what to do with it I want to
frame it somewhere and I want to put on
display for the world to see but I also
don't want to rip the cover because I'm
obsessive so yeah sauce another thing
going up is something actually bought
yesterday her but I've already started
reading and already love its promiscuity
is by naomi wolf who wrote the beauty
miss and he wrote a couple of other
books and she's just amazing amazing
feminist writer but this was actually
one I'd never read before and I was in
foil the other day and I was like oh my
God why have I not read this before
because i want to read everything by her
but it's basically real stories of
female sexuality and female sexual
experience written using pseudonyms of
numerous friends of people sheets and
counted etc etc etc it's really really
really good oh no the other thing that's
going up I always vote today the Tesco
dairy free range oh my god it's so good
I would get the things out my fridge but
my fridge is far away and actually have
to go to Tesco before I like finish
start the day what words tesco have a
soy yogurt which is amazing they have
this like medium cheese which is really
good I quite strong Jesus anyway when I
run it cheese which you can have over
tortilla chips which you can have grated
over your pasta you can just have it
with everything oh they have that this
garlic and herb spread which when I
first tried it I used in the same way as
I would use cream cheese like I put
quite a lot on and it was overwhelming
but then the next time I spoke to thin
layer over a bagel and then they added
some cucumber and then it was just
perfect it did what we call in Britain
it hit the spot it hit the spot yeah
that's it for going up in May I will see
you guys on Thursday goodbye don't
forget to leave what you think is going
up in May in the comments in the
comments the comments on their going up
in May and yeah anyway bye oh yeah these
are my shorts the get short so you can
see what a mess my floor is let's not
talk about it that's nothing I'd rather
not talk about
