hi everyone I've been reading really
slowly this summer but I did read these
three books that to me even though in
different ways they're not ostensibly
about these topics made me think a lot
about parents the first book was what it
means when a man falls from the sky by
Leslie nan de coeur
ARIMA that is a short story collection
it's absolutely beautiful
I think it's her debut which is
astonishing debut that's rude the second
one we just talked about is the road to
Litchfield by Penelope Lively this was
one I'd never read penguin actually sent
this to me because it's been reissued
with this beautiful new cover and it was
one of those books that I thought I know
the author I love the author and it's
going to be a quick read and quite light
probably and of course it wasn't of
course it was devastating in quite a lot
of ways and the third book which I
received from a friend who works at
Riverhead is refuged by Dean in the area
and I've been waiting to talk about this
until this comes out because this is one
of my favorite books of the year I can't
exactly put my finger on why but the
voice and the back-and-forth between
these various narratives really just got
to me in the most like it just clawed
down like a cat and then the claws went
in underneath me you know yeah so these
are all quite different books refuge's
the story of Neelu and her father Neelu
is an Iranian girl who lives in America
and grows up in America she's trying to
work out who she is she's trying to
understand her immigrant identity but
she's also a very high achiever within
this Western context and how to fit
herself in that and fit herself in the
lives of others the things that she's
still chooses to protect she has a thing
called a perimeter which it keeps all of
the essentials that she would need in
case there was an emergency she needs to
flee and her dad back home is not
someone she sees very often and every
time she sees him she has these very
limited interactions with him you see
his exchanges and what his day-to-day
life is like and all of the stories that
I'm going to talk about today there is
often a physical distance that obviously
represents a greater kind of distance
but also a distance of language and
inability to communicate across that
Great Divide sometimes you just don't
have the words to speak to your parents
on other precious occasions there is of
course this language both of words and
of memories that you communicate to each
other with this was also in many ways
quite a contemporary look at the refugee
crisis and the great beauty of it the
specificity of each individual person's
experience but also the hue
a colossal scale of it and the responses
refugees receiving communities
especially European ones in many ways
this was a novel about expectation
expectation of your parents expectation
of your futures an expectation of how
you will be treated by others I had
missed felt the title of this book
so many times while talking about it at
the past month or so but the road to
Litchfield is about Anne Linton whose
dad has suffered a stroke oh hey like
reading just exactly what happened to
your dad
and so she travels from her suburban
bubble and all of the local village
gossip with their local village
neighbors with their agendas and how her
own fit into that and she travels to
Litchfield where her father's old houses
and he's now in a home he is extremely
confused he's mixing her up with someone
else and through that she lands a
history of her father's but then also a
little bit about herself I would say
it's a novel about the capacity of those
we love to betray us and then of course
about that distance I mentioned the
communication and the language of memory
before but what about those memories you
haven't shared where the picture doesn't
quite fit and the puzzle doesn't quite
work because you're coming from a
different set of experiences also to our
parents we have a sense of ourselves
what our own limits are what our moral
boundaries are because our parents are
the people who a lot the time would have
introduced us to those concepts at the
very beginning so when you see them not
living up to those concepts when you see
them living their lives in different
ways that in itself feels like a
different kind of betrayal but also
confusion because these bright lines
suddenly become quite blurry and hazy
what it means when a man falls from the
sky is one of the most stunning short
story collections that I have read in
quite a while
I think it's received a bit of acclaim I
hope so because it's absolutely
brilliant how many stories are there
let's count 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12
there are 12 the short stories in hand
and we'll stay for a moment gonna do the
booktuber thing and show you the
underside because I think it's such a
beautiful shade of green while refuge
and the road to Litchfield are realistic
in the way that we think about realistic
fiction this is definitely more magical
realism some of them are slightly more
infused with the otherworldly than
others but all of them really ring true
but I saw the type of this collection I
thought it was going to be predominantly
about men and women or men seen through
the eyes of women and lost of love and
all of that but it is kind of like that
but it is mostly about parents and
children and sisters too there are many
accounts in these stories of parents
first betrayal you expect them to be on
your side as it were not necessarily in
the small things but in the big things
that really matters to you and
protecting what you want to protect
because you can't quite protect them
yourselves saying it in that way it
makes me think a lot at the time when we
asked our parents to help us protect
something we are really asking them to
help us protect ourselves but we don't
quite put all of that together because
we don't see ourselves as independent or
as vulnerable enough to need protecting
but we still have those feelings and
those attachments and that something
that that feeling that something is
valuable to us then we need to look
after it we don't quite have the
language to talk about it it talks about
those betrayals it talks about the great
lengths parents will go sometimes but
then also all the places where we all
fall short and in a couple of these
stories gossip also comes into play and
that was something that really flipped
something up in my mind linked to the
idea of betrayal
I remember feeling so upset when I
realized that my parents were talking to
other people's parents about me
sometimes in a negative way or like
sometimes in way of here's this funny
thing that my child did today and for
some reason I found that very hurtful
because I suppose it lines in with that
idea of your understanding of yourself
and your understanding of your parent is
on your side in that sense of yourself
and when they're not I mean you don't
feel that they're on your side you also
don't feel like they're necessary
actively going against you on a broader
scale like your your fights and your
confusion and your conflict is local but
when it feels border than that that
feels like betrayal you've taken this
private thing and you've made it
somewhat public that was something I
hadn't thought about for a long time
especially as you're in this point of
learning about what it means to be
private and public and that tension
between those spaces if they can be so
clearly bow
refuge on what it means when a man falls
from the sky especially there was a lot
of talk about you know combination of
cultures and being from an immigrant
culture or finding that strange medium
between the two where you have to
perform and code switch and so on for me
as someone growing up in a family with
an immigrant mother and father from the
country I was growing up in there was a
strange confusion I think between that
private and public space and what is
your own private private space what's
your family private space in your public
space which I think in British culture
it's quite extremely bound to read it's
very strict in many ways and what you
don't talk about with other people and
and where those things don't cross over
but in Mexico it functions in a
different way and not at the time
private is more public and public is
more private and the cross over there
was something that I had to translate in
its role in my personal life in the UK
because my home was a mix of all these
different kinds of private and public
life not in any extortionate kind of way
not in any exploitative kind of way but
just in the way we have interactions
with our closest family and our friends
and what it means to have close family
because I think that that's a concept
that is also quite British you know that
their idea of family being limited in
some way being contained to this nucleus
that it's just not what I see when I go
to Mexico and you have all sorts of
aunts and uncles and cousins coming over
for an ale or as much part of your
family which I think it's brilliant but
it just means that this confusion of
yourself and also I think of the role
that you feel like your parents serve is
muddled in some way so those are some
thoughts I had on those books yes but
then also on the idea of parents and
home and what it means to grow up in
different places whether that's physical
or cultural or base let me know your
thoughts in comments and I'd also love
to your recommendations for any books
films TV shows etc that
feel like represent parents in an
interesting way especially if there's a
distant relationship there some kind of
barrier that cannot quite be cross I'm
going to do the thing please like the
video subscribe you can find a bit here
that youtubers picked out for you right
here and here's one that I picked out
for you as well that I thought you might
like speak to you soon bye
