good morning John am Hank it's Friday
John Hanke some days just some days I
want to be a professional Lauren Conrad
gift critic and because all this
newfound positivity is all about you
know doing what you want and really
going for your dreams and your ambitions
guess that's what I'm gonna do today so
fast we have a classic Lauren didn't go
to Paris she'll always be known as the
girl who didn't go to Paris do you
regret that decision gift so this is all
about composure it's all about showing
genuine despair and regret with even the
slightest gestures but within it there
burns a fire knowing that one day
perhaps towards the end of season two
beginning of season three you will go to
Paris while the shrug at first seems
like humble deference and it's also
rising to a challenge set before you the
second and among my favorites is upgrade
in situations where socially it might
not be entirely acceptable for you to
feel joy or delight however you do feel
joy and delight it's all about the
upgrade in a way of continuing from the
theme of the last gear if the upgrade is
all about when you've made a decision
that other people have criticized but
actually ends up working out in your
favor and you feel a little bit smug
just a bit I would be one hundred
percent remiss if i did a gift video and
didn't talk about cats where where I'm
gonna say anything in this Lauren
identifies with her spirit animal the
quiet cat who actually has all the power
the captain might be sweet and friendly
and is always there to quit you or on
the other hand the cap you might
defecate in your food and eat you while
you sleep as demonstrated by the other
gifts and her angel light glowed Lauren
is clearly on the good side of the cat
sometimes it's fun to have a suggestion
will be up there also it's an excellent
piece of advice whenever someone's
gossiping around you grab a cat that
sounds dirty that he has a girlfriend
gift perfectly captures the moment of
betrayal that could leave to a lifetime
of trauma in the grand theme of
imagining people completely it says you
have to imagine complexity enough to
know that they could lie to you does
that mean we are most vulnerable when
we're betrayed or in a broader sense
when we're in conversation with other
people and we don't know what they're
going to say at least what's that circle
of the trail has commenced now some
examples of Lauren ehrhoff Arceus on the
first date don't tell me you liked me
more than any girl you've ever met
what's wisdom and it is through doing
those tasks through that work ethic
through going through physical items and
cleaning physical items and sorting
physical items but the real truths come
out from within us the real frustration
the same can be seen in the ultimate
classic gif and probably my favorite
scene of all time he's a sucky person in
it
someone who has reached their limit and
he was finally learned to stand up for
themselves in it is the struggle of
supporting your friend without challenge
or supporting your friend by telling her
things that she needs to know that
conflict manifests itself in the arm
movement now this is the first one I'm
choosing to include that involves other
people because it's such a classic
example of the awkward moment the kind
of awkward moment that everyone what's
everyone else to know is awkward but
then at the same time no one really
knows what to do next the kind of moment
that is like an awkward silence
happening as someone saying oh my god
that was an awkward silence why do we do
that goes back to confusion there little
bit but above all I think your ties in
most strongly with anger with knowing
that it might not be socially acceptable
to speak up and talk about you know the
things that you're holding within but
then also rejecting the idea that you
have to be happy and go lucky all the
time so I know which side you fall in
that one the final gift are we talking
about today is consolation at its finest
homeboy wore combat boots to the beach I
know you don't want to call that your
boyfriend because while kindness is good
and judgment is bad sometimes you have
to rip apart your friend's ex to make
them feel better if his name is Justin
Bobby so that's me out if the rest of
you haven't seen how can John's videos
during their gift critiques you can
check them out here I feel free to
follow me on any and all social media
for more Lauren Conrad gifts all the
time all the time I'll see you guys on
Monday bye
