hi everyone so yesterday I tweeted that
I've been standing up myself a lot more
recently and then it's been a wonderful
amazing thing and I got really big
response to that lots of people wanted
to know how lots people wanting advice
generally even though i'm about to give
you a list of five ways to stand up for
yourself it's not things that can be
easily accepted and internalized it's
some things that you have to work
towards understanding for yourself part
of that is through experience standing
up for yourself which makes it kind of a
weird paradox and then also part of that
is doing things like reading books like
cleaning and valuing those discussions
and valuing working on yourself but I've
come to believe that learning to stand
up for yourself is one of the most
important things that you can learn and
also that I'm very lucky because I have
a really great group of friends we
talked about the sort of stuff I have
ways to stand up for yourself first
don't feel like you have to apologize
for everything that's a big thing that's
in like in writing that I've been
reading a lot recently but it's also so
true the other day I was attitude
platform and this guy came up to me is
there something really creepy but
because I jumped because I was like very
surprised to see him I apologize as well
and my default reaction is to apologize
and that kind of shows up a lot and I'm
talking to other people about things
that I am NOT okay with I'm like oh I'm
really sorry for saying this I'm really
sorry for thinking this but this is what
I think I don't think that's a good way
to preface any form of standing up for
yourself I think you have to teach
yourself that you don't have to
apologize for having that opinion which
goes on to number two you are allowed an
opinion as long as you open to the idea
that you might be wrong I mean like
that's an important caveat but you are
completely allowed an opinion and you
also are allowed to feel fairly certain
about it as well and in this
conversation sometimes it might come
about that you do have to admit you're
wrong and admitting you're wrong can be
horrible and you are inclined to get
defensive but here's the thing a lot the
time you don't know how your opinion
works until you talk about it and how
the other sides of that happening works
especially if you're seeing something
just can't see another possibility for
that opinion for that point of view you
have to just talk about it and have to
get those other points of view this was
thinking when you're having those
conversations that person who needs to
change their mind is feeling embarrassed
probably and it would be more
embarrassing for them to publicly admit
that they want to change their mind and
they are likely to get defensive but
that's what ever you need as part of
standing up for yourself and it's part
of understanding how people work lucky
number three not everyone is going to
like you
it's like a really thing to say but
not everyone is gonna like you and
that's fine like it doesn't mean
everyone's going to hate you and be
horrible about your time and like just
constantly be thinking about you in a
negative way but just doesn't mean that
there were going to be in love with you
some people honestly just won't care and
that in itself could feel horrible
because we're taught that being relevant
matters and not only we taught that we
taught how to be relevant and we're told
that we have to do certain things and
tick certain boxes to being relevant
especially a celebrity culture for many
asses women for many of us as
impressionable people and it's part of
advertising and it's part of a social
thing and this you know there's all the
stuff that's telling us how to be
relevant but I promise you you are
relevant the only thing I think when you
think about when it comes to relevance
is respect and respecting yourself and
respecting other people which is
basically what number four is you
deserve you deserve as much respect as
you give other people I for a very long
time def knee gave a lot of other people
respect no really admired them and I
really treated them well but I didn't
ever feel like I decided that respect
like I hadn't earned it yet because I
wasn't old enough or whatever because I
was crazy I don't even know like I just
I didn't ever feel like I deserve
respect but you do you all deserve
respect doesn't mean you can be a
complete dick about it because you do
need to give that respect to other
people as well but you also do have to
respect their opinions all the time you
respect their right to have an opinion
but if their opinion is crappy and
ridiculous you can call them out on it
that's fine there's a big part of
standing up for yourself as well it's
like oh yeah it's hard it's complicated
because like what do you respecting what
you don't respect and what makes you not
aware of other people being their own
little entities and going on in their
own little heads what makes things
changed like nothing's ever going to
change if no one ever does anything and
I'm not the time standing up for
yourself is so difficult because it
interrupts this very calm and natural
way that we've learnt function around
each other because it makes things
easier like that brushing the thing
under the rug it is a lot easier to just
keep going with the status quo and not
and not having those difficult
conversations that interrupt things that
also doesn't make it any better for
anyone I don't think and the last thing
which i think is kind of coming across
in this video's I'm getting more all
riled up thank you better in a way is to
be clear and direct but but
important you are not any weaker or less
correct or less entitled to your opinion
because your emotional or because you
are fumbling your words and people will
catch you out because of that because I
say oh you're just being emotional
you're just being hysterical you're just
being five or ten or fifteen or twenty
one or whatever like no that is not
valid as much as possible try and take a
deep breath and move on and collect
yourself but sometimes that won't be
possible and that doesn't make what you
have to say any less valid and when you
know that and you can say what I know
I'm mess right now but this is something
that really matters to me and don't also
be afraid if you don't get emotional and
people just think you're picking a fight
and just be like well yeah I know I'm
not into this right now but doesn't mean
it doesn't matter to me so it works both
ways those are just some things I've
been learning and I've gasps I set up
and trying to internalise because it's
one thing to acknowledge them and
another thing to make yourself really
really believe them but I'm getting
there and I hope some of you are getting
there as well I hope all of you getting
there as well and I hope that you will
feel like it's okay to send up for
yourself because it's not only okay it's
great and it's good and you should
really assert your right to be a person
but I do completely van on understa
specially with the internet like it's
changing or not as well because it is
scarier to stand up for yourself knowing
that people in two or three years time
will call you out on that opinion and
still hold it as a current opinion like
that's another side of it that makes it
really difficult but yeah I hope that
helps but also i reached 25,000
subscribers which is correct i will be
doing a google hangout tonight at 9pm
and to celebrate in to answer questions
that we can just hang out until the
great v9 p.m. gmt i will whatever is
british summer time 9pm british champion
break i'll put the link of my twitter
you can also start call me on google+
because i think it appears there i'll
just put links everywhere just let
everyone know but Twitter's broke the
best way at paper time lady follow me
there just Ching I'm gonna go now
goodbye see you later
