hey everyone happy Thursday first what
one should say amazing commenting on my
last video I haven't really had a chance
probably go through and ike reply to a
lot of comments but i'd watch like all
the video responses and read all the
comments just been so great like such a
high quality level of discussion I was
absolutely blown away by it so thank you
moving on to the main part of this video
now that it's mutiny just summer which
you can tell because I'm shooting my
videos in the morning when the sunshine
is out and bright and I've already been
awake for hours it means that i'm
watching like have having fewer like
intense TV marathons basically
throughout the whole of winter i just
watch west wing or just cycle repeat
over and over again and then just like
watch I like loads of other shows as
well but partly not having a TV not I'm
not being able to sit in front of it and
just like flick I mean that really helps
and it means that you miss a lot the
adverts as well which is really nice
like I feel like my life is so much
better than or having all these adverts
everywhere but it also does mean I'm
discovering less a new television in the
way that I used to and and maybe missing
out on some kind of like cultural
communal experiences but it's not
something I count as massive loss
especially because there's so many good
books to read there's only like other
things to do so I just count I trust my
friends to tell me what something's good
and then I watch it in that vein there
will be no spoiler tip but I mean that
very broad church has just entered and
that was a really great show it did a
really good job sustaining the drama of
it throughout and I thought Olivia
Colman was amazing in it and David
Tennant my man was still like on Form so
just brilliant really really great show
and I'm so watching talk to you even
though I have lots of problems so that
January's common it's actually pretty
good and I quite like Cara and I feel
like there was a lot of potential with
her character when certain people
writing the scripts you can see the best
of her coming through but and when other
people are actually scripts you see the
worst that's that coming through but I
found some things frustrating like with
the last episode the woman from the
future and they just like kind of
ignored her and she didn't really say
anything and I felt like that was so
emblematic of the problem with who at
the moment like these just these
important figures that everyone would
find interesting to hear from just
sidelined and not said a thing for is
that kind of been annoyed me and then
the other thing on what she goes Twin
Peaks because I found the first season
on d
d I'm at charity shops and watching that
as well and I think that's kind of the
way forward for me at the moment like
finding things and DVDs and watching
them I bought fourth among those on
itunes because i watch i watch that show
when it first came out when it was first
shown here in the UK or like when the
random channels I haven't watched it for
years and years and years and kaylee is
obsessed with it now and it's so good i
didn't realize that she hadn't watched
it until like the whole Veronica Mars
film started to come about and I was
just I knew that she would love it so I
kind of I didn't really understand awake
and watched and then no she has watched
and it's like her every waking breathing
moment of her life and the other thing
constantly being rewatched in this flat
is Gilmore Girls I'm sorry my whistle
but at any one time when my flatmates
will be watching an episode of gilmore
girls which is really nice because while
I'm doing what I'm doing all this stuff
I can kind of hear it as an audiobook
that's something I've thought a lot
about the West Wing like I would love to
have just all the audio from all of the
West Wing so I could just kind of let
listen to it as an audiobook and I've
never seen snow on my head I don't even
need to see the action i just i'd love
to have that just in my head in my ears
at all times like it's something that's
easy enough to do but yeah i just enjoy
that audio storytelling i've been
listening to a lot of body and books at
the moment in general i got the
divergent audio book which is really
well read but personally reads it it's
just brilliant i think her name is Emma
I want to see Emma galphin and the other
big audio book I've been listening to
you is liber braised beauty queens which
is so good I'm like halfway through it
and it's just brilliant and cheap a
liver Bray reader and so many times when
authors read their own audio books that
they're not that great but um yeah
amazing she's so good main Chelsea is
the trashiest and yet most wonderful
television show in my life the moment
I've really embraced Shalee television
me my friends have reached the stage
where like we're very aware of all the
problems with it but it just brings us
so much joy so that's why I watch things
like pretty wild and the hills and mean
Chelsea and it's all this crap but I
love it I genuinely have so much love
for like Lucy Watson have so much less
of Enki have so much love for Louise
especially in the last episode I feel
like its progression of the women
standing up for themselves taking
control of these situations and
moonlight look all you boys are kind of
changing for fame and hand me up and
trying to get away with it and trying to
be
the cool bad boys but no like that won't
do kind of had our limit but I don't
know I'm missing a political drama I
always have a political drama Logano
don't have one right now so if you have
any suggestions that preferably US
political drama but I will also take
British political dramas I don't know
else what is everyone watching what
someone doing tell me your favorite TV
shows and why pitch them to me and then
maybe I watch them and also now let's
come up to summer I will just be
watching the OC all the time because I
always add at one I'm play as well this
doesn't make it sound like I watch a lot
of TV I really don't i read books
currently reading so there we go oh hi
finally on this channel I am so close to
25,000 subscribers which is absolutely
amazing I just want to take the time to
thank everyone because you are all
wonderful and I love you I post weird
videos a lot earn every Monday and
Thursday bye
