sometimes I feel like I'm on the cusp of
great clarity and terrible mania I was
thinking about this this morning because
I got really alley for no apparent
reason I got up at like 6:30 in the
morning despite the fact that I hadn't
fallen asleep until about 2:00 a.m. the
previous night but I got it this morning
I went for a run I was listening to one
of my favorite playlists which is the
playlist of all the songs by Brandon
Flowers and all the songs by the killers
and I was walking out I was having all
these thoughts I guess you would there's
a way to say it but there was that great
line in mr. Brightside open up my easier
eyes and it was a moment where I felt
yes again as always I'm on the cusp of
these two things I don't know which
one's the most powerful in my life at
the moment and I don't know which one
will ultimately when it doesn't really
you can't really think of it like that I
guess you can't think of it in terms of
one of them winning and one of them not
because at least in my life it's you
kind of have to accept both of them
being there but the clarity is something
that that is fairly new to me I tried to
deal with how to be grateful for it well
not being too devastated on the days
when it's not there any great spades or
really just not not there at all so it's
a challenge it's definitely a challenge
on the whole I would say that I feel
very fulfilled with many things in my
life right now and and where I am right
now what I'm doing with my time and
everything but as always there are fears
and right now for me there are two great
fears one that I am faking it all and
that I will be discovered for this great
ploy that I have tricked everyone into
believing that I am just a huge faker I
have no skills whatsoever I'm not a nice
person I'm the worst person in the world
in fact and I have just been to you pee
everyone and a second fear has a lot to
do with my kind of personal growth at
the moment it has a lot to do with lean
in it has a lot to do with so many of
the other great books I've read fiction
and nonfiction alike and the
conversations I've had with people
especially over the past six months or
so and it's all about reteaching myself
a language teaching myself to approach
the world in different way but more than
that to talk about it and write about it
and speak about it in a different way to
talk about myself and to talk about
other people and to talk about our like
relationships with other people and
relationships with
things and ideas and actions I need to
shift my perspective on everything and
I'm in the process of doing that but
it's hard when you've kind of thought
one way for such a long time really
really hard to it just feels
overwhelming it feels like I have to
there were so many little bits that I
have to change and it's just pretty
pretty scary quite intimidating a big
part of it is the language of being
present feeling present while also
having this big future plans and goals
and really relishing the present and
finding ways to be present and not be
caught up in all these other things as
well
but finding how to be present through
the many things that I do like not not
just saying that it's being present or
doing the things I love just just
finding ways to integrate the two and to
talk about them again the other two
things I've been thinking about a lot is
how I'm in her book the kind diet Alicia
Silverstone talks about diet is coming
from a word for a day's journey and
that's I think at the 17th century that
was how it was used I think that's such
a great way to think about everything
like habit nutrition um just again
growth a day's journey it's it's such a
manageable manageable time scale there's
so many of us it's really it can be such
a great cause of anxiety seeing all
these magazines everywhere talking about
Beachbody's and diets and summer and it
just it takes away from so much the
pleasure I'm having the Sun come out
again and of feeling like you can
probably exercise again and go outside
again because you have this sort of
ticking clock like your summer Beachbody
will you be ready in time and are you
good enough and good why did you eat so
much of a Christmas and all that stuff
all the bad stuff whereas you think
about these things in terms of a day and
if you think about them in terms of
kindness again it's the language thing
it just changes everything in my family
I think I've mentioned this before but
in my family we were we were all quite
different so my mum was brought up Roman
Catholic and my dad had Methodist parent
he was very - philosophy loved Bertrand
Russell just just really loved just
philosophy in general
loved enjoying those ideas one of my
sisters there's more kind of in line
with my mom's Catholic side but then
she's also quite like I guess he was
saying like politically liberal like the
political size because lawless ISM she's
not necessarily taking on then my other
sisters is very spiritual a very
different way she's very kind of like
holistic and she she likes to find other
ways of exploring those things and we've
both become very obsessed with this idea
of positivity and positive energy for me
over the past few years it's about
becoming comfortable because saying that
I don't know and not feeling like that's
like a cop-out or a fail answer to a
question especially because I felt like
I was growing up just through what I had
internalized from Catholicism at least
every time I had like a bad thought or a
doubt about what I was kind of being
taught in that respect that I was
failing and that I was a bad person
and it kind of has a Holden you know in
a very peculiar way or at least it had
Holden me and I don't know why Nasser
that was maybe I just don't have the
right personality or approach to it but
he it wasn't something that was
beautiful or not at the time it was
something that was really quite terrible
it was something that just made me feel
guilty and ashamed and not very happy
then like when I got older I started I
really loved philosophy as well I still
really loved philosophy I still really
love reading off that I really love
Buddhism I really love Islam I love just
I love reading the text like in such a
bookish verse and I really enjoy
exploring those tags but again like
nothing was really working for me and
like organisation just doesn't work for
me because it just it requires in so
many ways that it requires the structure
that I'm just not comfortable with
implementing in other parts of my life
where structure isn't already
implemented like it's just it's the
rigidity of it I don't like even the
least rigid of the religions like I just
have to I can't do with it like I don't
like it but I also didn't feel like
again like it was necessary or helpful
so now I'm so much into that idea of
positivity and of trying to use your
body in your being for good things and
once again in fictional characters shape
my thoughts I think a lot about that see
in the Satan pit impossible planet
two-parter the Satan voice asks the
doctor is that your religion what's your
belief and the doctor stop saying time I
don't know like he's so ensure about it
this guy who's pretty sure about so many
ethical things and so many moral things
is really unsure and ask directly what's
your religion it's not doesn't mean you
necessarily have to answer but I do
think it's interesting to think about
and again I was thinking about it this
morning when I was on my walk and I came
to this conclusion my religion is
bravery self belief curiosity creativity
generosity and then to a certain extent
humility but not to the point where you
break yourself down and you start almost
attacking yourself feeling like you're
unworthy and and you don't allow
yourself a certain measure of pride I
mean that's how far I've come from
Catholicism now like rather than
reaching for it and find that rather
than approaching pride is it as a deadly
sin I think there's a certain value and
pride and saying I did do that and I did
do that with help from other people of
course but that that is my my
contribution and little bit of my
contribution and that's not to say I
don't have more to contribute and that's
not to say that that was an awful that
it was perfect but I'm proud of it it's
something that was very uncomfortable I
felt very uncomfortable saying but now
I'm much happier I'm proud of being
proud the idea of manifesto is something
that's come up a lot and in
conversations with one of my sisters and
she's written manifesto and her friends
written manifestos and I rate one and
I've kind of been writing them in many
ways over the over the past few years in
terms of goals and places I see myself
and and just general what I want my
outlook to be in terms of formalizing it
as a manifesto this is the first time
I've done it and if you want to watch it
you can click on the link at the end of
this video and I would love it if you
guys could share your manifestos as a
video response as well when I start the
self as an unlisted video and then later
we could probably put it public as well
I just don't want to overload your feeds
or anything so yeah check it out
alright I will see you guys on Thursday
and please leave me comments I'd like to
know things about what you think your
religion is whether you agree with that
we with the refrain of
language just anything you'd like to
share and really love to hear your
responses okay see you guys then bye
