hi everyone so I want to start by saying
something I haven't said in my seven
years of YouTube experience this is a
sponsored video sponsored by the viral
video sensation how animals eat their
food the people who live upstairs are
apparently really excited about me
talking about this as well you haven't
seen it it's basically now and realistic
nature documentary of how animals eat
their food here's a clip the video is
from the channel misterepicmann which
you can check out over here for the rest
of this video I must explain that I have
agreed to do an impression of how I
think an animal would eat their food and
which animal did you think I'd choose
Josie how animals eat their food
as a gift to you here are some outtakes
like a good be more mustn't frame no we
do at the tiny this paper okay cameras
I'm beautiful yeah became right yes move
it no no this too far back it looks way
better like this don't forget you can
subscribe to this channel where I make
videos every Monday and Thursday and you
can subscribe to misterepicmann as well
goodbye
