I spent half of today at the London Book
Fair this is me this is my role in video
bloggers which is quite similar to book
Expo America in that it's a big industry
event it's a great place to make big
book announcements like the new title of
the new James Bond book it's a place the
rights to be sold and fought over they
have a number of excellent panels some
of which I attended today but it's also
just an opportunity for a lot of really
important people in the industry to sit
down together and talk and then
sometimes you get clawbacks like this
bag anyway today I didn't intend to
really talk about that I did but found
what I wanted to talk about was this
book lean in by Sheryl Sandberg that's
obviously just a dust jacket because I
prefer to read it without the dust
jacket when I'm taking it around
everywhere with me on the tube and I
really have been taking this everywhere
I'm a little bit obsessed with it I also
really like the way it looks without the
jacket it's pretty anyway so I'm
thinking what to say about Lena and the
phrase that comes to mind is sometimes
you read a book and it fills you with
this weird evangelical zeal and you
become convinced that the shattered
world okay we all know the quotation I
love love nonfiction in part because
there are so many aha moments to be
found in really well researched well put
together persuasive well-written
non-fiction books whether those books
are historical or scientific or a
history of silence or whatever it is but
Lena and by Sheryl Sandberg was entirely
in the category of its own and I've read
a lot of feminist nonfiction and I've
read a lot of business nonfiction and I
have actually started more and more to
read business leadership nonfiction as
well just over the past year when I'm
left University and trying to find
things to fill that void of teach me
something teach me something if you're
hunting for it you'll probably find it
in the business section of book shops
because I immerse myself so much in the
book industry I read a lot of reviews
and the buzzwagon reviews at the moment
at least seems to be manifesto
an example many of you might recall is
when the Casual Vacancy by JK Rowling
came out and that piece of newspaper
crapped the Daily Mail called a 500-page
socialist manifesto at the South Park
Center that same week JK Rowling
revealed herself not to be too upset by
the description anyway I feel like it's
broad use of the term manifest so both
highlights a dissatisfaction with the
way things are being run at the moment
and the fact that we are looking for
these manifestos and the fact that we're
describing things as manifestos and
alternate ways to run the world but then
also on the flip side to that a
suspicion that people are trying to sell
us these things and sell us these I do
that we might not agree with maybe
because people are always trying to tell
us things but also maybe because people
have sold us Bills of goods to the past
and we're just aware of the failures and
the lack of fulfillment we got from that
and the lack of actual constructive
results that came from those past
promises this book has been described
and I would say definitely is a feminist
manifesto and that is by no means an
insult it's an opportunity not only are
there clear models for conversations
between leaders and employees and
prospective employees and prospective
leaders there's also that F yeah I'm a
woman I can do it feeling that I got
after that startup showcase that I went
to and I got after I had that really
strong response of entering cooks video
and that I felt after doing the woman in
YouTube panel and also mainly more than
anything after talking to say many of
you this book gives you the tools to at
least start squashing all those doubting
guilt making Oh terrors I don't know how
many of you saw Sheryl Sandberg when she
was on Jon Stewart but she's talking
about how a lot the time it is only
girls who get criticized for being too
bossy in the playground or just from a
young age not only does that make the
girl who's being told off feel bad it
also makes the girls around her not want
to be leaders I'm not one to strive for
that because they're afraid of being
disliked and their friends being told
off and generally they have all these
bad associations with leadership and I
quote fear is at the root of so many of
the barriers that women face fear of not
being liked fear of making the wrong
choice fear of drawing negative
attention fear of overreaching fear of
being judged fear of failure and the
Holy Trinity of fear the fear of being a
bad wife mother or daughter throughout
Sandberg includes studies and a very
rich resource of notes and references at
the back he doesn't suggest that she's a
woman who has it all and has it all
sorted it's a work in progress another
really interesting thing that I thought
was so true was comparing the different
ways men and women have been taught and
have learnt to respond to achievement
their own achievement men will credit
themselves while women are less likely
to say oh yes I have this achievement
because I did a good job they'll say oh
no it was all these people around me
equally colleagues and more widely than
media when you are someone of the status
of Sheryl Sandberg or Marissa Mayer etc
etc are more likely to credit external
sources for that achievement as well
when a woman achieve something it is
attributed to luck and circumstance as
well as two very strong male mentors if
a woman is competent she does not seem
nice enough if a woman seems really nice
she is considered more nice than
competent since people went to hire and
promote those who are both nice and
competent this creates a huge stumbling
block for women I spent much as past 80
months looking for a job and and really
struggling to find something that I felt
was fulfilling for me and she also takes
apart that idea of the career ladder
which is just with I think everyone's
aware of it is quite irrelevant but all
of all the generations will still push
that on women and on men equally as well
and just everyone to say this is how you
progress you get into a career you get
into a company and you say that and
that's just so not relevant anymore for
most of us
Sandberg talks about her colleague
Laurie he was quoting patty Sellars when
she describes a career ladder as rather
more of a jungle gym again so much of
this book is about the language we use
when talking to other people and when
educating them on how to progress in
their jobs and just from a very young
age as well telling them how they should
go about success in their careers we
need to stop telling them get a mentor
and you will excel instead we need to
tell them excel and you will get a
mentor she earns this little 200 page
book on an extremely strong note because
of course so much of this especially
with the facts and the figures peppered
throughout coz seem like too big of a
problem for us to even begin dealing
with but with a great call to action she
says it's up to us to end the
self-fulfilling belief that women can't
do this women can't do that throwing up
our hands and saying it can't be done
ensures that it never will be done
pritch yeah so I thought that was pretty
accurate I really really think you guys
should really lean in and not only
because I've been talking so much that
the Sun has gone down since I started
talking about this book I think it's an
excellent book and you should read it
so do that do that and if you have read
it then leave your comments and comments
and if you haven't read it then leave
your comments and comments anyway
because I knew that's what you guys do
it's fine we're an open society we talk
about stuff
