screw do my stretches before vlogging oh
my job has a hole in it you just hear
that that was so now hi guys so in my
last video I talked a little bit about
community and how I feel like this is
our time and we should just go for it
and rule the world and that was pretty
much what I spoke about in the comments
there was loads of really great comments
that was of really interesting things
everyone had to say and whether or not
they felt like they were included in the
this is our time sentiment of everything
but there was one comment in particular
stood out for me from some good Emily
Emily's comment was also given quite a
few thumbs up so I feel like a few
people really shared and agreed with
what she had to say which was that she
understood that communities are good and
useful and important but that you're not
ever taught how to build a community no
one ever talks about that no one ever
talks about the creation of community
and that's what I'm going to talk about
today but I think a lot of it is about
reframing your perspective on the people
around you and also on communities as a
whole when you say building a community
from scratch in a way something in my
head goes to pulling people from all
sorts of different places putting them
together and somehow making them all gel
and get along and be fabulously
productive I don't think it's
necessarily that although that works in
some senses I mean that's how
residential communities are built up by
having that thing that attracts people
to that community whether that's
necessity or luxury or proximity but in
creative communities I think the central
Central thing to it is collaboration and
openness to collaboration i would say
that all of you already exists within
creative communities communities that
have the potential to support you and
what you want to do and communities that
have the potential to grow further into
what you need them to be even more and
until something that you can give back
to collaboration and giving back you
might not agree with me because you
might say rosianna basically you've read
this book about a boy wizard then you
made videos about him on the internet
and then other people made videos as
well and then you want to Harry Potter
conventions and now you're all friends
and you help each other out like that's
very specific situation and yes there is
quite a specific situation but I think
part of what's made our communities so
successful is the openness about being
creative people and wanting to
collaborate our enthusiasm to
collaborate with one another another
thing that's made its so successful is
respect for each other and respect for
each other's creations and a genuine
desire to support
which is of course built on this
foundation of friendship but I would
also say that outside of the YouTube
community and the harry potter community
and the writing community i have
communities with my friends from
university and secondary school we take
everything from medicine to economics to
draw graffiti maths but again you have
something to teach me and i have
something to teach them and the problem
is when people start to talk about
networks and building your network as
has been the case especially over the
past five years even more so now that we
have things like linkedin and now that
things like business cards and websites
are really accessible network or contact
doesn't necessarily mean collaborator a
member of your network or contact isn't
necessarily a friend it isn't
necessarily someone you're looking to
help out more than they're not it's
framed as someone you sort of use to
achieve something you want to achieve
rather than necessarily thinking of how
you can help them there's something
about networks and networking that is
kind of selfish and it's better to the
idea of if you want to get somewhere and
if you if you want to push your career
forward you have to be ambitious you
have to be competitive you have to be
ruthless you have to use people and
although I do think it's important that
we're teaching people to be bold and
make brave choices and that risks
sometimes are the right option and
telling women especially that there's
nothing wrong with really really wanting
something telling them that the root of
that is an independent competitive
mindset that just shuts out everyone
else is completely the wrong approach
collaboration and awareness of how
collaboration is everywhere is the key
to our success so how does this help
when you're looking to build a community
well first I don't think there's any
such thing as from scratch I think
people are already part of communities
you can find these communities and you
can start talking to people that you
think would influence you positively and
that you think you could work with on
YouTube you can find them in forums you
can find them at free lectures at
universities or page lectures at
universities you can find them at craft
fairs and Industry fairs you can find my
coffee shops you can even find them when
you're trying to make the hand dryer
work in the bathroom but how do you
become part of the same community
talking talking can be scary and I'm not
saying it necessarily has to be with
your voice although
do you think there is great merit and
being able to talk over your ideas with
someone by voice but technology news you
can now also reach out and build very
solid communities through text I mean
that's a big part of what youtubers as
well but it comes down to this
participating in the community is
building a community it's participating
and building on that existing community
and it's participating and building a
new community as well I don't have a
breakdown or a step-by-step that doesn't
involve boy wizards and chants and
YouTube competitions and being lucky and
also sometimes working really hard and
working with so many people but what I
do have is a history of participation
but we do have so many different tools
to talk to each other to listen to each
other to respect one another and to
collaborate so my extremely messy
ponytail and I don't really know how you
saw that was for you but I do hope it at
least shed some light on my views on
communities and because I do you think
that great I think they're wonderful and
I think there they can be such positive
forces and I think that's what the
internet the best of the internet has
shone like the positive force of the
community I'm still feeling enthusiastic
about things as you might be able to
tell but i will see you lot on thursday
let's continue the discussion in the
comments and in video responses and if
this is a video you liked feel free to
subscribe and like it and share it and
if not then just you know run away now
quickly before a JC five
