hello from London where I'm in a very
nice air B&B and I just finished reading
a lot cards new book genuine fraud I've
been a massive fan of hers for the last
decade I'd say and have published a lot
cubics else whether I'd be up for making
a spawn video about this new book which
I was like yes especially if it means I
get to weep okay a hundred percent
quickest email I've ever said back
genuine fraud most reminds me of like
agenda flitch talented mr. Ripley it's
pretty contemporary the main character
is called jewel and she's like a
complete badass and can protect herself
and defend herself the book made me
think a lot about how we create
identities and recreate identities in
the information age and whether that is
assisted by this like plethora of
valuable information or detract from
that because people can always trace you
quick primer you may know you look
Hart's name from her books the way for a
list which I've got my very old
much-loved coffee here and we realise is
her other more recent one prior to
genuine Ford and the book the
disreputable history of frankie Lando
banks which I don't have with me in this
country but I absolutely adore it it's
curious to me that in these two books
the latest books I feel like there's
been an even more focused attention
given to the darker side of humanity
there have been so many books in which
we explore that with men starting with
things like dr. Jekyll and mr. Hyde but
not as many with women in which the
women are still written as full complete
characters I've always loved how
feminist her writing years of its very
core challenging us to rethink heroism
and crime and identity and fraud and
violence a lot of this book is about
lying and I was a massive liar when I
was younger especially when I was like
between probably five and ten
I lied to hide discomfort I'd like to
get something I wanted but above all I
think I like to sort of try and keep up
with this world that I felt that I was
on the periphery on I was talking about
this with one my sisters the other day
and she very astute you pointed out that
we were brought up in a Mexican
household in my family and the second
you stepped outside or you went to
school your son√≠s thrust into this
really unfamiliar world of england and i
think if any other person who has an
immigrant parent well no you learn to
code switch very very quickly he said so
what's appropriate you sense what's also
valued by it that community that you're
in and it's not just keeping up with
brands and what school to have but it's
also voice and hair and just these very
simple easy coders that people make
judgments about
from the outset and I think that you're
aware of that in a different way but as
frustrating as it can be to present
different parts of yourself and the
different problems that involves there
is an aspect of excitement to the idea
of switching yourself I think that's why
the makeover scene has so much power in
so many phones because you know here's a
person who has sensibly looks like one
set thing and all of the associative
judgments have been made from that and
then because we placed so much value on
a certain kind of beauty you see them
transforming you're like oh I didn't
know that they had their capacity to be
the thing that we have deemed as
valuable and it doesn't have to be as
dark as that either I have so much fun
looking up makeup and things that you
can do to give yourself a different look
I looked at the other night what order
you supposed to put makeup on and I
finally like properly looked at these
diagrams of the face but when you put
bronzer and blush your highlighter is so
on and it felt like I had stepped into
someone else's life the night it felt
like that scene in Harry Potter and the
Goblet of Fire where Hermione's done her
sleek easy hair it's just different ways
that you can suggest different things
about yourself and how far you can push
them I remember being 8 or 9 and talking
to a friend about how much money
our parents would give us when we were
18 this was a complete fallacy
I think we'd watch too many things about
like trust funds or you know orphans
with gold and a vault it was quite a
competitive friendship and I remember
panicking as she said her parents had a
hundred thousand pounds for her and
immediately trying to one-up her but
trying to be as casual as possible
throwing in that my parents were going
to give me a million pounds that they
hadn't savings there's a character in
this book
Imogen who's very wealthy and you get
the sense that a lot of things have come
very easy to her even if not everything
has she's trying to figure out who she
is - she's trying to figure out this
identity while also living up to being
this character who everyone sees her as
and here in many ways she is created and
embraced this wealthy figure this
heiress figure who kind of can do what
she wants wealth and luxury and
privilege brings themselves a kind of
performance it's not even so much about
the number you talk about like all money
in new money what kind of money is
important and all of those stories about
people who present wealth and yet are
secretly bankrupt there's a lot of Jane
Austen stories
and much of that it's also explored in
reliance what it means to have money
what it means to be money it's fun to
fantasize about a new identity new
limits but how far would someone go if
all the things were in the right place
to give themselves that to give
themselves and you stop or access to the
kind of character and personas that
someone else has created for themselves
the last thing I'll say is that the
structure of this is initially a bit
confusing and then quickly grasp onto it
and it just builds builds builds as
suspense it's just it's really exciting
to read but I would love to hear in the
comments your thoughts if you've read it
or any of our other books as well and
also about some lies that you've told or
you know it can be like some throwback
lights it can read some lies from when
you were a child if you don't quite yet
feel ready to talk about the ones you've
told and a little more recently one
thing I forgot to mention it because out
today the 5th of September all right
thanks very much SBT in comments and
there'll be more videos soon part of my
time while I'm here I'm going to
actually be editing stuff I know why
won't you say that Brian but
