hey guys so it's 9am it's like march and
it's snowing my feelings towards this
are generally quite negative everything
else in this video is going to be
positive because this is my March going
up video I realized I didn't make one
for every but that's probably because
stauber is so short and little the first
thing I wanted to talk about as a
hologram for the king by dave eggers i
mentioned this a few videos ago i
mentioned that i was reading it i have
finally finished it dave eggers has
written and released quite a few books
since his magnum opus a heartbreaking
work of staggering genius but this is
the first one I think that really gets
back to that level of writing and also
is effective and sharp and interesting
and pulls you through out the narrative
Alan clay is a businessman in Saudi
Arabia in this area called King Abdullah
economic city which is supposed to be
this area of great growth and
development especially because it's the
pet project of King Abdullah and he is
pitching for his company to be in charge
of all the IT and connectivity in this
new city he gets there however and turns
off the scheduled appointment with the
other bright young things that are in
his company and he finds out that the
king is not there and the King has not
been there for 18 months so is there any
point in him waiting around I mean is
there anything else to get out of the
experience who knows in many ways
holograph the king is from always
cliched ideas of a man it's starting to
get old starting to age in this new very
global economy convinced that he's dying
because he found the sort of lump on his
neck and he assumes it's a tumor
attached to his spine and dealing with a
messy divorce and dealing with his
relationship to his daughter but it's
the way that those things are delivered
in the book and the way the story comes
together but it's so populated with all
these characters some of them resident
to Saudi Arabia and some of them not and
you see their opinions on the supposedly
grown city and you see the facade of
Wealth's next to the reality of the work
is going into it and so when I sat down
and properly gave myself time to read it
I read it in the space of you know a few
hours I love say Dave Eggers has
returned things and I have found them a
little bit disappointing but this is the
one that I didn't find disappointing
care of all his other work so hooray the
second thing is ever since I got my
iphone I've been using one of those and
like 18 cases from Griffin it's actually
one that belonged to my dad so it was
nice to have that on me all the time it
was really bulky and it also kind of
like a couple
the screen as well it meant that when I
dropped it it was incredibly secure but
also meant that I was taking all my
stuff at once as well so it's like hey
I'll just take my phone out at all my
credit cards would be there and stuff so
it wasn't necessarily the safest option
I finally when it got myself a new case
which I thought was so cute i sorted
oliver bonas and it appeals to my
narcissism because this is an R and I
rosianna and this is a rocket and I like
space that's my reasoning it's made by
British company called magpie and
they've got a website as well I think as
I say I bought it from oliver bonas and
it's also just nice being able to see my
full screen again although I'm starting
to get worried about cracking my screen
which hasn't really been a fair before
but now at least I'll be extra conscious
about you know dropping this thing or
not another big thing that's going up
that I just got my hands on is what skis
new album and cardboard castles it is
absolutely excellent I think it's the
best one of his albums so far my
favorite songs are fireworks and tiny
glowing screens part 1 also part 2 I
like pot too as well killa hipster and
hey so but the whole album is really
great it's now available on itunes it
was up for streaming on rap genius i
don't know if it still is and i'm really
excited because I'm gonna go see him in
may i'm also gonna go see hi Morhaime or
I never know how to pronounce their name
but I love them in may as well and
that's very exciting there's just like
lots of events coming up which makes me
feel like I'm propelling towards summer
propelling take that as you will and a
final thing I wanted to mention is that
you guys might know about this website
that I'm I help run called leaky news
comp and we're actually the process and
we happen for a while of relaunching the
hot website and it's going to be a lot
of new features coming with that and a
lot more content and I'm not more
regularly updated stuff and it's going
to be great and I'm really excited to
launch it but one thing that we have
launched a little bit early is leaking
use rewatch which is basically when we
go back through all sorts of like old
shows and and start talking about them
again I'm going to be writing about
gossip girl now that we know who gossip
girl is and I think my face is going to
start being off the end of this week
hopefully that's just been a really
exciting thing for me to to take part in
I'm excited to read the rewatch is of
like West weighing in the OC and all
those other programs that I've watched
and finished and loved and rewatch all
the time myself they're not all just
going to be white ups as well there
things like drinking games and little
videos and podcasts and stuff so it's
gonna be really multimedia focused
alright I hope you guys had a lovely
weekend and that you have a lovely week
to come i will see you guys on thursday
bye
