in the comments of my last video a lot
of you asked about freelancing tips for
freelancing how to start all of that
stuff and over my grand experience of
the last four days have come up with
these essentials when you're working at
home you'll find yourself repeatedly
gravitating towards the kitchen why
maybe because it provides some small
distraction from the Silence of yourself
and the hot bubbling of the kettle
creates some sort of illusion that
you're surrounded by people maybe
because you're bored of sitting down and
don't know the answer to the question
you were just sent or maybe and I think
this is the most likely one it's because
we're all secretly cows and grazing is
central to our lifestyle the solution to
this constant gravitation is twofold one
herbal tea tea is important it keeps you
hydrated it keeps the heart happy
probably and it tastes nice too cereal
or in my case because I'm is not just
about food some sort of box of granola
and nuts with no added sweeteners and no
added sugar a big box of cereal or
granola is much cheaper than a
subscription to those greens box things
and still feels like you're snacking
also if you wanted those oddballs you
likes milk in their cereal go for it but
you'll find that this is much more
expensive much more filling and takes
away from the general grazing experience
second essential the uniform when I
first decided to make the leap I told
myself that I would get up every morning
shower and dress as I would normally
dress for work evidently these things
haven't happened although there is merit
in making yourself look presentable and
professional so that you feel
professional and focused the casual
joggers which I can't reach because my
legs do not go as high as my head old
university t-shirt Vassar College
represent and cheap hoodie are not to be
sneered at pencil skirts and peplum
might work for your officers moderated
temperature and spinny chair but it
ain't quite work for your flats arctic
temperature at least if you live in this
flat and they're also not quite so
comfortable if your optimum working
position happens to be with your back
sat on the sofa and your legs on the
arms or your back on the floor and your
legs on the sofa or if you work best
Crouch nor Falls with your laptop or the
coffee table which brings me onto a
central number three optimum comfort can
often mean optimum productivity you will
especially find in your first couple of
days especially if your work is a laptop
heavy that you'll start getting some
aches and pains in some weird places
this also happens when you switch
between
any type of job from office job to
retail job to bar job to Safiye on a
pirate ship climb the Riggin you are
using your body in different ways and
your body's like hey what is going on
here please explain do not like one-star
would not recommend so this is one of
those many cases when you do have to
listen to your body
my day was pretty much revolutionized
and probably the rest of my freelance
experience to revolutionize when I
realized that the reason that my
shoulders were aching say watching my
arm was aching in a weird place was that
my laptop needed to be elevated
unfortunately the internet doesn't reach
my desk in my bedroom and the desk in
the corner of the living room is sort of
in a like a dark awkward corner next to
my bicycle which I don't want to leave
outside because I'm afraid of going in
rusting but following my mother's
instructions to always be resourceful I
which the video game TV so dumped
because it doesn't do anything except
you know play video games and the DVDs
of the West Wing
no TV license but I took the TV off the
little table put it in front of the sofa
and tada desk complete with drawers in
which I plan to keep snacks the last
essential apart from all the financial
stuff like keeping your receipts and
doing what your taxes which I'm sure go
into some other time when I'm more
stressed about that sort of stuff is the
timetable I one of those weird people
who doesn't need that much sleep nor do
I enjoy it but I'll still always battle
with myself to make myself go to sleep
at night especially when it comes to oh
I'll do a bit more work now so then I
won't have to do as much tomorrow the
important thing to remember is how much
more productive mornings are at least
for most of us and how nice is to get to
you 10 a.m. and feel like you've done
loads already I really do believe that
getting yourself up at like 7:30 in the
morning if not earlier makes a massive
difference to your day into your
productivity and while having a solid
blocked out routine might not work for
you knowing that you're up at a certain
time will add a certain hint illusion
mysterious flavour of stability to your
life and your day and you will
appreciate it
I promise also it gives you more time to
go running we're running yeah wait for
words please let me know you're working
studying functioning at home essentials
let me know in comments maybe new video
responses subscribe like share whatever
you'd like to do I am going to go and
have a shower that's why I'm gonna go
play America bye
