hey universe it's Friday and this week
my voice has been shot partly because of
bad decision making sorry not sorry but
also due to a decent helping of
exasperation there's a picture and
tumblr somewhere in the aether which is
a checklist of all the things women have
to do and say and be one content creator
to a potential other it is my pleasure
to inform you that we also have to be
funny
musical intelligent smart forthright
have opinions and changed the world
frankly today I just planned on sitting
around and clothes from the night before
watching old episodes I've got a girl
but ok our ladies don't forget to be
good many of the problems with the video
have been covered in video blogs by some
of the premiere video bloggers of our
time women who older you are extremely
successful in particular for their
abilities to natural responsive audience
inspire discussion and do whatever the
hell they want to delight in the joy of
making things that thing that we all you
know like to do a really really big
problem and this is something it has
definitely been covered in other videos
was the double headed dismissal of
makeup gurus who are among the most
successful content creators in the UK in
the world by traditional media standards
and new media standards and this of
course is not unique to becoming YouTube
and it is as with many of the things I
will talk about today somatic of
problems with the larger patriarchy the
word that sends so many people scurrying
away sorry
pursuing and sharing an interest in
typically feminine pursuits such as
fashion and makeup is often dismissed as
shallow I'm interesting or just in
general and lower form of art than the
high culture of Marcus Butler but also
another note for the ladies be careful
not to take too much pride in your
appearance
Tomsk are said it can make you vain and
then it's often been the case that
positive reinforcement based on looks
has created situations of your so what
you don't need talent what can I say
guys I'm just so attractive also this is
a big part of also as I know don't
really agree with the premise that
females struggle to make it on YouTube I
do think that there are so many problems
that women experience on YouTube but
that was then stated objective of the
episode female struggle to make on
YouTube this video aims to find out why
and while I realized as well that this
whole series is coming from a very
specific group with very specific
friendship group as well of UK youtubers
I'm also like hi Daily Grace Hannah Hart
community channel chefs curly five
awesome girls Laci green or my mistake
sorry are we just talking about UK video
bloggers because there's been no success
with that whatsoever no one
nothing beginning of time no successful
female UK YouTube video bloggers no me
me Molly's no people in these no Lex
done done with Lex
maybe I'm just living in 2007 or maybe
we should be taking this whole bad
comments thing a little bit more
seriously I maybe the question is
whether it's actually worth it for women
to make it in any traditional numbers
based success rates term subspace views
based terms when women on YouTube get
comments like this some from my channel
some from others this bimbo needs to die
her roots again soon will you have sex
with me boobs 116 boobs 324 I went to fu
hard very hard I went to fu until you
squeal the classic prize-winning trigger
warning comment cannot wait until you
hurry up and get gang-raped so that you
change your mind
stupid bitch bull you bitch she also
does the no self esteem stick to draw in
the plain Jane chick the question then
becomes not whether or not women are
better equipped to deal with such
harassment and it's not just trolling or
mean comments it's harassment but
whether women should have to be better
equipped obviously not and crucially
whether we're taking it seriously enough
and doing enough to stop it but now of
course the apex of the argument has to
be that women aren't doing enough to
create good content trihard a woman or
should I say girl's end points to a few
examples of males struggling to deal
with feminine strength it is more often
than not the case in which any I do
challenging that picture of the strong
woman who can take it all that's
dismissed someone's calling you fat or
ugly someone saying you should be raped
don't take it personally women it's just
because you're women keep going as long
as you create good content it is
socially enforced victim blaming and it
drives me up the wall
