hi everyone so this has inadvertently
become a sort of secret sister response
week this video is in response to John's
video most recent video on the vlog
brothers channel which is about doing
things it's a really great insight into
the projects that John have been up to
also with our community also pointing to
the continuing success of some projects
whose inception is actually quite far
back in the past things like 2d glasses
in order to sum up a little bit of what
I've been up to recently and also give
you an idea of sort of things that I do
in a day here's a little rundown on a
typical day I wake up reach for my
laptop check the news on various outlets
then check the entertainment use an
email and that's all stuff for leaking
news calm and then have a look at all
the news in the book industry things
like bookseller and publishers weekly
after that I'll have a look at my
society6 page where I sell all the
t-shirts mm stone space and all the bug
phone covers and don't talk to me during
the jackal cushion covers as well as
looking at how my vegetarian recipes PDF
and this things that I wrote after my
dad died how that is doing over at
Gummidge at round which point I finally
get out of bed get dressed get breakfast
head off to work reading on the train on
the way in work for nine hours probably
spending part of my lunch break in my
other break doing things like looking
for houses for my mother looking at my
bank account or fighting something when
i get home i'll record and edit a video
and maybe have to re-record it like I'm
doing right now I'll write some more
i'll read some more work on a secret
project two or three one of which i
wanted to launch last month I'll work
early news com I'll eat dinner i'll
reply to emails look for publishing jobs
of which there are none I'll design some
things and possibly maybe potentially if
I get lucky sleep i get this mornings
when I feel paralyzed by lethargy of
course I do baidu push through it and
sometimes i think in pushing through it
although I do think that's a good thing
I forget to do other things when we talk
about the benefit of doing things we
have to make sure that one of those
things that we are doing is taking care
of ourselves and doing those things that
nourish us and make us a magnet for
positive energy i sound like a self-help
book i'm honestly not for example me
i've really slept on running and pilates
in order to have a couple of extra hours
work on a project may be doing things
like the projects in john's video can be
positive and creative and there's so
much fun to surround yourself with
people who also thrive on that sort of
creative project based energy people
like Lauren Fairweather you made this
necklace or my friend Ariana who's
trying
raised 33 thousand dollars for a film
she's working on the Kickstarter for the
film she's working on embassy of silence
is nearly at five thousand dollars and
it's just it's really great to see all
my friends having such success and
working really hard of projects they
care about it's inspiring to me and it's
also helpful it's helpful on another
level though because it means we can
talk quite frankly about the things that
we do and don't do because of these
projects and acknowledge that sometimes
we do these things to distract ourselves
or to burn ourselves out maybe because
we're white that way we don't know any
better or maybe because the whatever
reason we're afraid of the alternative
so while this year there are so many
great things that I'm working on my
number one proposed to myself a promise
I made to myself this week is not
letting my well-being be the victim of
my portfolio and i also would say that I
honestly think when I do take the time
to take care of myself and also just do
things like running and Pilates and all
that sort of stuff I'll probably have
fewer warnings when I am paralyzed by
lethargy and I'll be even more capable
of working efficiently creatively and
essentially happily hoping for the best
I will see you guys on Monday
