hey guys so a lot of things have been
happening recently it's the first of
February so that means it's the end of
the 100 jobs challenge my number I
finished on was 54 which is just not
good enough but I suppose it'll have to
do for now the other big thing that
happened today that I'll talk about in
video next week it's at the house I grew
up in now belongs to completely
different people does not belong to us
anymore after 30 years of belonging to
us sentences I do them this of course
has made me feel extremely nostalgic and
I've whipped out all my old Diaries and
scrapbooks and stuff and I thought I'd
just run through bits of them today I
was like in love with all these boys so
nothing's changed
it was obsessed with him and would you
worry about them all the time so it's
basically like Stephanie Perkins
replaced Jared like thirty different
boys and that those were my Diaries I
wanna see this robot being stressed
oh my scrapbooks which I did toward the
end of my time at university at least
the ones are purely images and North
printouts of MSN conversations with boys
they're like quite cool they're quite
like magazine rip out style stuff little
bit of both quotations and bits of
essays general reflections I would say
for example where I had bits from them
like my English course work which it's a
comparison of the Belgian I'm looking
for an Oscar and it was Esther in German
inherits suffering of others becomes and
they just like rip that out dramatically
and put it in the middle of these two
strange women let's have a little bit of
my common up essay which is no just that
funny there's a bad essay we went to
Harvard dinner wondering so that's fun
the favorite thing scrapbook is really
similar got lots of Gossip Girls
characters and then again lots of
strangers I just seem to like strangers
don't we all and those changes get any
of your screams
they don't even you're strange and
here's makeup woman one of my favorite
things to look back on is this diary for
2004 it's mainly focus songs because if
you did not know I used to write songs
and what songs I mean lyrics I'm
lyrics I mean oh my god words should
never be used in this way ever again
exciting me on each of like the front
cover page bits we have this collage of
Daniel Radcliffe Dan Radcliffe Radcliffe
dad just down man as it says over the
middle I really liked him and I thought
that's the best way to express that was
to write that in a collage so he was one
of my two nubs I don't know why ever it
to make song lyrics seeing as I can't
sing or really play instruments like I
can play the recorder vaguely and I can
play the piano a bit but I can't like
play or sing so lyrics this is the neck
sorry and I have 18 or 19 Diaries
overall and some of them were mainly
like to boring journals really like I
have this nice picture of people holding
hands I also designed some no doubt
brand shoes which you can see here just
looks like a child I guess isn't how I
know that I was once a child because I
fancied someone who looks like a child
he was a child was a child child my
Alice in Wonderland Oh is also bit
sadder because it was towards the end of
sect form and it basically documented
the period of time in which I got
rejected from local universities and I
felt very down about that and this very
stress is anyone who's done edibles no
like it it can be really really
stressful time especially when you go to
a school you're in an environment where
you feel like everyone has all these
expectations of you and it's so much
competition and stress so it's not that
much fun however right back in the
middle of this diary and then is
Leonardo DiCaprio's autograph which is
really just a scribble and scribble and
a heart thing because that makes it
legit that's from the time that I went
to the Revolutionary premiere and for my
where I got that poster there's in the
background of so many of my videos in my
room if you made a video ask you that
okay it's my number one fan how much
spending about this in this video was
the last take the eve you know follow me
around I was just supposed to be around
after the shower she creeps into bed
with me my 2006 sorry I started with
this little mini essay on sometimes it's
easier to fake a smile and carry on with
life
with a black heart and head and actually
make yourself felt honestly happy and it
goes on for a while but it just
continues to be sad and depressing so
that's not really good there there's a
nice story of the gang waiting on an
aeroplane like a fire drawing tool has
always been the black buy room I love a
good black wire I don't believe any of
this then you know pencil this was
at the time in which my crush and David
Tennant groove by Myles and I have this
nice little section where I work David
Tennant aka rosy on his new celebrity
love assurance Jamie's 20 years older
than me oh well Ashton then do me any
ones that lasted throughout would be
sorry's often say things like so whoo a
story Spanish well though I know I could
have done lots better no I could not
a stop the talk line like what why don't
I just turn mean to myself I was very
very mean to myself and say this is the
last one I'm going to a black stay
because it has even though it's also
really dark it has some of my favorite
memories it's from 2007 we have a
beautiful picture of Sonya I live
topless a necklace that I do with my art
I used to have a quotation from The
Perks of Being a Wallflower we accept
the love we think we deserve because I
was deep a dramatic picture of me taking
it my friend Becky's birthday party
which was 60 we have a kiner's to get in
there as well of lyrics all the way
around then we have a flyer for the
first big high water event I think I had
went to or maybe the first Harry Potter
event ever went to my added third March
2007 was so much fun to be in a room
with so many people who love HP so much
I wish I could have that more it just
makes you feel part of something so huge
and great and vaguely cool just don't
you think and I want to go back to that
girl and be like the friendships I have
through that damn book series they're
like the strongest friendships I have
ever had and I live with people who I've
met through that in some in some weird
way and through youtube and youtubers
because of Harry Potter's day feelings
some of you who watch my videos for a
very long time might remember the time I
designed a dress and this is the dress
on the catwalk I was a watching outside
would you help made a lot of notice F
and notice F had this line there so boys
love this as to make a mountain of your
life it's just a choice and I felt like
that resonated with me so deeply then I
decided to color in
hot page and black biro and take the
quotations on top the next day when
sister's cat was put down more black
biro
21st of July 2007 tire bottom the
deathly hallows is out I loved it I
finish it in six and a half hours I'm so
happy that hairy noon that and most of
all my Hermione survived there's an
entry here that starts with words
 much with a whole lot of
on top the next week's the next page I
say sake basically sums up my
feelings and I got when GCSE results and
everything was a lot better then I just
like laughed at myself and how pathetic
I've been the whole year then I fancied
a different guy but then all say 2007
was when YouTube really started to like
gain momentum for me in my life is like
another community thing I had this entry
from the first gathering I went to which
I went to of my friend Sam who was a
friend from school
who also did lots of YouTube videos
September 15 2007 just like a YouTube
gathering I met with Charlie of YouTube
fame amongst other people it's very
excited but then things go downhill
again as a Wednesday the 3rd of October
2007 I write while being happy for a
while seemed like it was so easy it was
an illusion it treated was of course
this is around the time that the OSI is
really big and big things are happening
in the OSI and so of course actually I
create the song forever young
but again post footage oppression
strikes forever young just makes me feel
like this truly is the end of my youth
my diaries from the age of 16 onwards
are a little bit too close to home still
but who knows maybe in five years I'll
take the piss out of them then goodness
knows it's something very delightful
about going back and reading the
ridiculous things that I set five years
ago of me because I'm very vain and in
that respect but it's a it's partly
worrying like I really worry for my past
self but it's also just interesting to
see the things that I found so important
but now I just laugh off and they client
dismissed them they were once of the
utmost importance to me the boys are
like we're gonna fix all my problems
they're gonna make me a happy person
don't if you go back and read your
Diaries I mean do you keep Diaries on my
odd and when I freak
tell me in comments do you guys on
Monday and it will be Monday this time
maybe okay we have nice
just like that my heart is broken
