after 30 years of living in the same
house my mom will be moving out in a
couple of weeks which is an equal parts
good and bad news 30 years of house
means a decent amount of paperwork
energy bills water bills random bills
thankfully had already been sorted by
company but that needed to be refiled
passed on to the new owners and in some
cases destroyed anyway as we were doing
this the other day I came across a small
blue notebook that belonged to my dad
with the words travel ideas written on
in India flew her handwriting inside and
only about a quarter of this very small
notebook had been used up were list of
things to pack places to visit and
broken-down travel plans one
particularly humorous page headed with
the word Holland read as follows kindra
canal many windmills Elst south of
utrecht then in brackets under that it
said no cows this is particularly
fighting me because my flatmates honors
from Utrecht and although she never met
my dad because I first met her about a
month after my dad passed away I can
very clearly imagine him asking her
about the cow population in her home
city the ambitious travel plans laid out
the form of diagrams dream trips from
London to LA to San Francisco to some
his aide support the way out there day
trips the world her out back to work the
way out there and then 21 acquittal to
San Miguel a in there to Mexico City to
Boston to New York and then home not a
trip that happened but on paper and
exciting world of circles and arrows and
day trips that live in rectangles it
reminded me a lot of one ilovecharts
tumblr com to my radical cartography
closet by circulatory david with
handless author of information is
beautiful data journalist artist and guy
with a self-proclaimed interest in how
designed information can help us
understand the world cut through vs and
reveal the hidden connections patches
and stories underneath or failing that
it can just look cool and for the
unformed chapter in alley smith's
artists in which she and all her
characters argue it's difficult to tell
because it's pop fiction part i say that
the inevitable linearity of writing and
reading the novel trumps all efforts to
subvert it both reading and writing
regardless of the layout our process of
reading one word after the
or one symbol after the other it also
call to mind our conversation about the
virgin suicides earlier this month and
also the very popular idea of the
enhanced novel on ebooks and on
computers and just this constant very
creative striving to find new ways to
present information the discussion of
whether through that we are creating
knowledge or at least finding new ways
to explore it it's something that I only
really learnt in the last few years that
presentation and design is so important
whether for purposes of clarity or
obfuscation I suppose all I'm saying is
that it seemed bigger than a travel plan
a dream travel diary not that travel
plans aren't important of course they're
important but he was trying to find the
optimum route trying to present that
precisely were also revealing a very
imprecisely awning for just more did
that come from wanderlust or did that
just come from the place in him which
really wanted to find somewhere without
cows I remain undecided I'll see you
guys on Monday
