last week I watched the first episode of
the Carrie Diaries the sort of prequel
to Sex in the City which also doesn't
follow it as canon whatsoever I've gotta
first have said where my flatmate kaylee
and we kind of really enjoyed it as a
weird bonding experience but it's also
pretty bad in terms of the fashion and
the writing and just you know whatever
we'll see how it goes I live in hope
there wasn't think it did make me feel
extremely aware of though and that is
the tropes and television and film that
really really get on my nerves mainly
because continuing the theme of last
week they make me feel very stressed the
number one example of this was something
that happened in the Carrie Diaries not
something that happens in like every bad
television film ever made and a lot of
very good comedies as well that is the
introduction of the precious item the
family heirloom the present probably
something to do with someone who's dead
either that was something to do with you
know stopping a war or like curing some
disease whenever someone is given a
precious item and they seem a little bit
stupid or immediate stress situations
because I knew it there was a
ninety-nine point nine nine nine nine
nine nine nine percent chance that that
item is going to end up lost stolen or
broken example number two arose from
watching another program with kaylee yes
you do watch a lot of television
together we were watching Ripper Street
and in Ripper Street there is a dark
room whenever there is a dark cream you
know that some idiot is gonna open the
door and let all the light in and ruin
everything the third and final example I
have for you today also comes from a
program that me and Kelly enjoy watching
together oh my god what is the price and
that is pretty little eyes and in Pretty
Little Liars they go into the woods all
the damn time normally and really in
approve your outfits for the woods so
whenever character is by themselves and
goes wandering into a meadow or down
into a basement or goes off into the
woods why especially if there's like an
unsolved murder stalker combination
thing situation going on I also get that
dreaded woods feeling when people get
into cars without checking the backseat
and then also when people don't pull
back shower curtains or turn their
lights on when they get into their flat
but what about you guys what are the
television and film cliches that make
you want to hit someone repeatedly in
the face because they make you worry
it's just me why would you know don't
give them their diamond necklace and
mother Kali don't do it don't do it why
lemonade comments or video responses and
I was
speech you guys on Thursday bye
