hey guys happy one day first and
foremost I wanted to talk about your
comments on my last video which was
about races and the book moondust by
Andrew Smith I asked you two questions
the first being what deserves our
sustained attention and the second what
has been mischaracterized as a race the
comments I got back were absolutely
amazing I really really enjoyed reading
them just some trends and those coins
guitar 16 the uneventful sunday dylan
and deepika vowels all highlighted
education is something that deserves our
sustained attention but also as
something that has been mischaracterized
as race jaza rhyming with oranges brad
and six impossible things all said that
climate change deserved I'll sustain
interest I read agree with that one
because I feel like in during my short
life time we had a few years maybe but
two years at most when people were
really really focused really paying
attention to it and now not so much miss
and the final comment that promotes a
lot of thought for me which was it the
thing that deserves sustained attention
it's platonic friendships and the thing
that is mischaracterizes of race is
romance and romantic relationships and
lastly regular commenter i'm bored 69
talked about the race to tell an
original story is being something that
is completely mischaracterized instead
the focus should be placed on how you
tell that story and it's that that i
wanted to talk about today so as i said
in my last video will be up slightly
begley i recently reread the Virgin
Suicides for the umpteenth time Jeffrey
Jonah deeds is one of my favorite
writers are really really love middlesex
as well this is the first time I've
reread the Virgin Suicides since I wrote
my dissertation and my dissertation was
basically about the role of photographs
in 911 literature so in this reread my
attention was really caught by the
number of times that the narrator's who
are a collection of boys who live in a
suburb mention a photograph or some item
in their collection about the lives of
the lisbon girls they say things like
exhibit number six exhibit number seven
as you'll see here please don't touch
when they switch between the language of
a report and talking as though you're in
the room with them but they always
always speak as a collective when I read
it this time I was extremely aware of
the fact that the book chooses not to
include actual photographs because a lot
the fudge glass mentioned all of things
like houses things that could easily be
photographed and included a book
examples of books that use such mixed
media are Austerlitz by WG Sebald miss
Peregrine x reputed children by ransom
Riggs and one of the book
favorite my dissertation on extremely
loud and incredibly close by jonathan
safran foer so i started to think about
the emission of photographs in a way
that i probably wouldn't have done prior
to my dissertation I think before that
the answer well it's book so you can't
use your imagination would have sufficed
whereas I think it could be exploded a
little bit more and i hope you guys will
help me out with that so far i feel like
a big part the decision not to include
actual images is because this story
completely privileges the voice of the
boys the boys tell the story of the
lisbon girls in trying to find out
answers and trying to have more contact
with them they try and narrate this very
linear narrative and they're basically
trying to find the cause for these girls
suicides they also seem to be trying to
explain their obsession so it's as if
they're like coming from a guilty place
in a way in order to explain their
obsession they need to be in control of
how you see their world again maintain a
sort of the universal interest in that
world the other thing I'm really aware
of now I'm probably wasn't aware of the
first few thousand times I read this
book was that these boys are writing
when they're so so much older and yet
still sound like very young teenagers
there's a sense of their obsession with
these teenage girls has made them
forever children whether that's true or
not is up to debate I don't know I'm
curious if you have read the book what
do you think the choice not to include
photographs themselves says to you I
mean is it something that you would even
expect it or is it not is it something
that has ever crossed your mind and then
for those of you who've seen the film as
well sphere Caprona fur which is also
one of my favorite films of all time how
do you think that work thing goes the
Sicilian not to show visual and a film
is overwhelmingly visual but I feel like
the film comes from a completely
different perspective it's not
privileged invoice of the boys in a way
is it's focusing on the women how does
that change our interaction with the
story and can we even say that it is the
same story big questions for you today
and yeah I guess your homework if you
haven't read it it's real virgin
suicides at the moment i'm reading ally
Smith's artful i also finally finally
finally bought Zadie Smith's and w so
i'll be reading that I really want to
reread white teeth and on beauty but I
just don't know if I'll have the time
but I'm going to try and make the time
because literature is the best so yeah I
will see you guys on Thursday and just
you sort of you know musings anything
you've got throw at me in the comments
also no one paid me to show my true form
let's just got me this for Christmas and
it just made me very happy so yeah cool
Wow
