hi everyone it's Thursday and welcome to
your regularly scheduled thursday video
this video comes in seven parts part one
project foursome so the project foursome
has been going on for many many many
many many many many many many years now
and I've been involved in the very
beginning I'm I've absolutely loved
every year but this year we've raised
more money than ever before and why I
didn't reach my personal goal five
thousand pounds i'm going to keep the
just giving page open because i know a
lot of you get paid tomorrow as i do at
last and also after Christmas when
everything is the little bit karma then
maybe some of you also be able to donate
them but not under stately amount of
gratitude to have this view did donate
who did comment on all the videos not
just my own who did vote for the videos
you just put energy into the project for
awesome but everyone's participation is
really what makes it so great so at the
moment we're on 579 pounds which is
absolutely amazing you can go to just
give them to a convoy /p for right if
you would still like to donate a little
bit more to help the Stroke Association
pot to neuqua katie copy of fox cough
yeah part three embarrassing moments so
nasty trying to actually made a video
about half of this on her YouTube
channel that's thing when you go to pay
for something in a shop and the cashier
says your cosmetic line not since it's
not straight games a side note let me
say that I don't generally feel
embarrassed by about things like that I
don't have a problem chatting tichel
persistence I'm like not I don't care
about that normally however this
happened while I was buying women's ammo
and it just was bad part for a book I
recently finished when she woke by
Hilary Jordan that's this book here
although i don't know if that's still
cover for it because that was the cover
during Book Expo America when I got this
year before last I really liked reading
it as a response text to the scarlet
letter I kind of felt like that was the
best angle to read it from the stories
about a young woman called Hannah who
after being arrested for having had an
abortion performed on her undergoes
Melek roaming Melek roaming is a system
where based on the crime you have
committed or you are sentence for having
committed your skin gets turned a
different color red for example is
murder your skin physically changes that
color you have to have a new injection
every four or five months or so because
otherwise certain things deteriorate
inside of you and you'll eventually
wither away and die that's because they
don't want people to escape they want
people to be marked life and that's way
of maintaining their color while also
exercising another form of control on
them some kind
internal control have to say my favorite
aspects of the novel wasn't even
necessarily the protocell fit was just
the idea the idea was really rich as I
did really found myself enjoying the
story which was a kind of physical
journey across the USA so that is when
she woke by Hilary Jordan feel free to
add pants related suffixes as you will
part 5 because it's a hot topic and I am
nothing if not topical shown on Hank
today announced their UK tour which
starts in February and you can find all
the dates and stuff in the description
bar below i'll put a link to it myself
and my motley crew are going to the
event in swindon because the website for
the London tickets wasn't really working
and it was all getting very stressful
this way it's also a bit of an adventure
but I actually just got an email from
cadogan hall and I think the credit card
payment I tried to issue earlier today
on my phone on the train and we're way
back from work might have actually gone
through so i might be going to both
fence but yeah just swindon for one I
will be there swimmy bhuban part 6 the
hundred jobs challenge I can't remember
what number and one which isn't helpful
I think it something like 28 or 29 I've
been slowing it down a bit recently just
because work has been as intense as it
has been doing that it's like a week
before Christmas and I work in retail
they want to get home I'm sort of
crawling on the floor towards my bed but
I haven't a word document full of jobs
that I'm really excited about really
would like to go for roles in which I
feel I could be particularly valuable
and I can grow in those roles and I just
want all this job so much and I just saw
it's difficult it's very difficult so
yeah the job hunt is still going and
it's a challenge Mike went into senses
of the word lastly Gossip Girl no
spoilers it's just that was an ending
that was an ending with five million
plot holes but the means that coming out
of it man they're making worth it I just
might be funny and it was a perfect and
josh schwartz in a way because it had
like they're just elements to it that
were a very typical of his kind of OC
ending for example but I rally suck
through the ridicule and unwatched at
all these many many years it certainly
has been entertainment and I will miss
it but pretty little eyes is back in
three weeks so II and then community ah
yeah
I i added up to you christmas specials
on but right one day i'll go excited
about George cool again until then goes
by not until I get excited about door to
again until monday jan 5
