hi everyone so last year I told you that
15 million people every year suffer a
stroke that's across the map people and
it's really hard to get you've had
around exactly how many people that is
so I thought I'd help you out using some
of the resources I have an act at six
thousand times the capacity of substance
cathedral that's triples and improve is
just this place gets every year 15
million is 5,000 times the capacity of
this place that's a ver 428 times the
capacity of the Berlin ground 15 million
people is nearly double the population
of the city of still sometimes 15
million can just seemed like a number
but I'm tell you this over the past year
and a half since my father died I've
heard from so many of you were lost
parents siblings and friends to stroke
you've suffered a stroke themselves
you're all too aware of how difficult
life can be stroke survivors and their
families the Stroke Association works to
prevent stroke funds research to treat
stroke support stroke survivors and
those close to them and campaigns the
better stroke prevention care it's also
a wealth of information and i asked you
to check it out it tells you all sorts
about the different types of stroke and
the effects these trips and now last
year you far exceeded my goal of raising
1,000 pounds with Stroke Association and
we raised 1,600 pounds this year I'd
like to read by thousand pounds to
donate and help me reach my target of
raising 5,000 pounds head over to just
giving dot-com /p for a every teeny tiny
donation helps at the big donation helps
whatever you can afford don't forget to
gift aid if you're eligible lastly of
course head on over to project for
CENTCOM where you can have a look at the
videos that are going up for thank you
so much for supporting me and for being
awesome 15 million people every year
suffer a stroke and five million of
those will die so get your blood
pressure checked read up on stroke and
help fund campaigns that will raise
rates of prevention and treatment thanks
guys bye in the description bar below
you can find a list of the places I went
to in this video and why I chose to film
in front of those places
