hey girls it's Thursday so one of my
flatmate scaly hide has tagged me in her
high jolly holiday tag I think it's best
what it called yeah holly jolly holiday
tag she is Christmas crazy I am
Christmas moderate to say the least one
do you start your christmas shopping on
Black Friday a week to the last minute
well we don't really have black friday
here in the UK I normally get my
shopping done by the end of november i
haven't actually started it yet this is
a bad because I normally like to get
things ready organized but because i
work in retail I don't want to spend all
my free time in retail too if you could
be in any Christmas film what would it
be and I would probably be in the
holiday I because I like Jude Law in
that film it's very pretty I which do
you like better Christmas Eve or
Christmas Day whenever we do the pinata
that's what I like it I am because it's
just fun and loud and I was seeing and
it's just there's normally Christmas Eve
and that's like one of my favorite parts
for when does your family put up your
christmas tree and who decorates it but
also i live with my family more i live
with my friends but it's always been
first receber and never before them and
we've all decorated it together and it's
pretty much it was pretty much the same
here we got it very post the beginning
of december and we all decorate it you
know everyone takes part in it and
that's what i really like about it
christmas trees are the one thing that i
do actually get quite happy about
because it's something about it you know
even though it's environmentally
destructive on so many levels it just
smells so nice and it's just this nice
like tree of light and i like that i
like imagery of light I think light is
very helpful and very nourishing white
lights or colored lights I'm always a
white lights go although I do like I
tree at the moment which has a mix of
white light and colored light but no I
just I really like a big bright white
lights because I feel like the color can
be a bit too distracting I like things
quite simple like my whole room is very
very white and very simple six are you
guilty at picking out your presence or
do you like the surprise I don't think
I've ever picked at my presence as far
as i know and i generally really really
like the surprise and i just don't think
there's much point in peeking because it
ruins the surprise and it really is a
surprise for the past as well there's
like waiting for you
would you rather live in a gingerbread
house or Santa's workshop a gingerbread
house because it sounds much more fun
than a sweatshop well they were gonna
get quite soggy with the rain tell us
your christmas eve tradition sometimes
me and my sisters two seconds yeh meri
got a package sometimes me and my
sisters will go to the pub with some one
of my sister's friends sometimes we'll
have a big thing with a pinata I will do
the not sure whether we don't really
have something that we do every year
it's always just nice to get gas side
it's never a day of like being lazy
inside it's always there's always
something you have to do you have to be
proactive on Christmas Eve I think it's
nice to be social as well it's really
nice to see other people who aren't your
family and yet do crisp see things with
them because it's kind of the last
chance to do that next question was
enough like my space service if you
could be under the mistletoe with anyone
who would it be well I'm not going to
tell you who my actual auntie and so
let's let's let's try a different answer
David Tennant if he weren't married and
because he is married let me thank you
else I could pick oh my god no this is
really embarrassing I don't want to talk
about it and what tops your tree nothing
at the moment and we've done origami
stars before in my house and my mom's
house it did like angels and things like
that as well but right now nothing the
tree is topped by an invisible beacon we
try to put this tag that my sister made
me on the top of the tree virgin really
stay and you need the twelve days of
Christmas 12 drummers drumming 11 pipers
piping ten hmm ladies dancing 9 meat and
milk 88 something-something seven swans
a-swimming six geese a-laying five gold
rings four calling Birds three French
and Stewie titled us and a partridge in
a pear tree servicing 112 have you ever
gone Christmas caroling no no cuz as you
guys just heard I can't sing and also if
it would be really embarrassing I'd get
cold 13 do you count down to christmas
if so how many days are left I don't
count down to christmas i think it's
like what 12 11 5 question 14 what
doesn't
foods and treats you count on having
every Christmas season and sing with
cinnamon in it and 0 red cabbage with
pomegranate and love the alder leftovers
do like cranberry jelly and bread sauce
and that's all stuff I gingerbread I
normally make a gingerbread house how
has christmas kept its magic for you as
you've grown older i don't know i like
spending time with people that I enjoy
spending time with like but Christmas
has never been the big thing of the year
for me like I always enjoyed it I was
really excited about it when I was
younger but it's never been the thing
around which I framed my whole december
i mean i just i really like it as an
excuse to see people i am a social
person and I like seeing people and
having excuses to spend a bit more money
and treat yourself a bit more regularly
and go for dinner and that sort of stuff
like that's I suppose the magic of
Christmas for me and except it's not
strictly christmas-related it's just
Christmas as the excuse for it maybe
doesn't hurt to be living with Christmas
crazy peeps there all right no you just
have like a tag buried have you been
tagged in the Christmas tag yet I type
married I texana I tagged tank green
yeah
