hi guys apologies about the lack of
videos but now I'm back and I'm back
with a video response to a video that
John Green made a couple of weeks ago
because it was all about books and it
was a really well presented video giving
you gift ideas but also recommendations
the books to read and to ask for and to
roll over and the pages of I'd begin
this by recommending John's book The
Fault in Our Stars but you've probably
already read it and that would be really
boring so let's just jump in with
something else a for people who love
those fairy tale programs with a twist
like grim and once upon a time for
people who loved fairy tales in general
and maybe also for your friends with a
slightly darker side tender morsels by
Margo Lanagan earlier this year I reread
this book and it was even better than
the first time I read it it is difficult
beating it has a definite trigger
warning for sexual assault but it's such
a complex and rich story and once you're
inside it you just get lost within it
and you just can't put it down and it's
a fantastic book and absolutely
fantastic work of fiction in the same
vein also for lovers of revolution and
those who grew up reading Arthur Ransome
swallows and amazons series one of my
all-time favorite books blood red snow
white by marcus sedgwick this is a story
of the overthrowing of the Romanovs and
also of the ensuing political choices
that everyone had to make Arthur ransoms
role in that he was a journalist as well
as destroy each other and how that
affected his stories and the stories
that he told and the impact that Russia
had on him it's also a story it's also
fiction so it's this magnificent
blending of fact and fiction to the
point that it doesn't really matter what
genre is just like tender morsels it's
one of those things that comes under the
teen category when we categorize it in
bookshops but it is also you know
equally suitable for adults as well and
there is no restriction to that at all i
don't think kind of going the opposite
way Black Swan green by David Mitchell
is book that is normally categorized in
the adult category but could equally be
put in teen fiction it's story of a very
young teenager called Jason in the 80s
and everything it was going on at the
time with the Falklands War and just
although all the noise around him as
well as his personal problems at home
and burrows at school but it's fantastic
it's from David Mitchell not the
comedian the writer who also wrote Cloud
Atlas another one of the ways to go is
also his book ghost written this was
David Mitchell's debut novel and has
many of the same features as cloud
atlas has multiple narratives and also
has a strange slightly creepy maybe
otherworldly feature to it I really love
this book i first read it when I was
studying at the college for a year in a
class that I took about mapping and
identities but it also stands up really
well to rereading certs ghostwritten the
lighting sort of making it look like
ghost stories here as well it's only
because when I only have the lights when
you can't see anything at all I want you
to record a video front of the tree
because my housemates out when I haven't
yet and I felt left out my favorite teen
fiction of this year for fans of young
adult why we broke up by daniel handler
formerly known as Lemony Snicket
particularly good for those artist
friends as it has art within all of the
pages the story of a girl who's handing
a books back to her ex-boyfriend full of
items and those items function the story
to tell a different aspect of their
relationship and finally answer the
question why they broke up also and I
spoke about this in quite recent video
please don't come back from the moon
again for the artist types and the fans
of the otherworldly torture smoke and
bone was absolutely one of my favorite
books of the past couple of years
actually because I got this at Book Expo
America two years ago the sequel is out
and I haven't read it yet and the fact
makes me very very unhappy when little
captions on books say gripping I don't
really believe that many rule because
it's so ever used but really it's
gripping gripping book and it has a
wonderful female character and it just
makes me happy and smile and talk in
large rambling sentences for the classic
student lover of poetry lover of Homer
lover of odysseys lover of travel and
that sort of thing Emma Ross by derek
walcott this is so much more than simply
a retelling of the Odyssey and the Iliad
it is a poem and its own right and epic
in its own right some readings your race
turret and some readings it will take
you weeks because it will be just
stopping and thinking about a stanza for
literally a day for lovers of things
mathematical of world creation and of
riddles i recommend jorge luis borges
fix Yiannis for the reader who doesn't
necessarily like to read a massive long
novel but who also isn't daunted by
junky pages definitely my top five
favorite books of all time vicky honest
is such an amazing collection of short
stories it has a tendency to make you
forget what is real and then race back
and reread again to work out exactly
what just happened and then once you get
to the conclusion you want to reread it
again because it's just so clever and
you
just you need to understand how this
incredible man has just written these
words and achieved that I just achieved
it I just I love him is equally great in
English and the original Spanish and
then as a testament to the translation
as well as to how thoroughly he creates
these walls and these stories he's the
master for those friends of yours you've
got a little bit too obsessed about the
US elections the American future by
Simon Schama still my favorite book
about US history particularly because of
its emphasis on the presidential history
and the history of the government as a
whole for lovers of cooking of magical
realism of the house of bernarda alba
and the virgin suicides come on our bad
a job all of this like water for
chocolate as its english translation is
a story about a girl who as the youngest
has to take care of her mother until her
dying day rather than being able to
marry the man that she loves it's
forbidden love in Mexico with cooking
with magical realism with just an doing
great humor on every page but also it
really makes you feel very sad and sort
of delicious melancholic kind of way
sounds of television programs like
secret staked the defense of the round
the authorized history of mi5 shows you
all the secrets goings-on behind mi5
shows you how many women were involved
in the inception and just general
functioning or mi5 in its earliest days
like big books and I cannot lie finally
for those fans of period dramas who may
be exhausted the traditional collection
I recommend one of my favorites Huxley's
probably best known for brave new world
but chrome yellow it was his first novel
and probably my favorite novel I think
it's better than brave new world no
exactly sure why but there's wordplay
and there's country manners and it's
just good it's really good you should
read it and then you should buy if
everyone you know the end right that
helped guys I think I'm going to be
making two videos a week for the time
being just because things and really
really hectic the next video should
probably be up on Thursday I think
probably maybe yes maybe bye guys
Everett is so Christmasy Christmas ooh
la la la la
