say you had a bad day you're in a bad
mood you want to punch someone but
that'd be rude is that not how the song
goes considering it's up down week it
has been a very up-and-down week I've
had one amazing day one terrible day one
amazing day one terrible day so tomorrow
I have high expectations of you but
let's talk about what's going down in
November as we spent a lot of time
focusing on beverages on monday i'm
going to start off with one those the
twinings orange cinnamon and mango tea
now you might remember from Monday that
I was slightly obsessed with his orange
and cinnamon tea and tried to find an
adequate replacement of some sort just
something to tide me over while I waited
for Katie to get back from Christmas I
wasn't expecting to find something
exactly the same but I wasn't expecting
to find something terrible either twangs
orange mango and cinnamon tea tastes
like weird juicy water I completely
dislike my whole experience involved in
drinking it and it made me really sad
because she doesn't normally make me sad
tea makes me happy and the fact that he
may be sad very sad oh yeah I'm not
master fan of twenties anyway just
because they don't generally make the
cheese I like pocker and he picks make
my favorite teas also going down this
time of year being the time of year when
everyone announces that the prices are
going up that was the big humor about
the energy bills but then there's also
phone bills internet bills tend to go up
around this time even if it's just by
two pounds if every single one of your
providers is knocking things up by two
or three pounds it drives me absolutely
crazy because it adds up to an extra 10
or 15 pounds a week and that's an extra
week of food that I could be spending on
food or alcohol or a book I like to read
it's particularly frustrating for things
like travel because I need it and I need
to be able to get around and I made the
decision to not drive so that I would
save money but then yeah publishers book
keeps going up and up and up and things
are already tight as it is so yeah
annoying Suns going down hill there I
looked out the window at two and it was
like nearly pitch black I was like how
is this happening also going down the
Sun earlier it's a problem it is a
problem I like sunshine Kenny also
suggested that going down Halloween
decorations you'd think we still have a
pumpkin hanging in our living room not a
real pumpkin a fake creepy smiley
bumpkin it's pretty cute though and also
going down lady gaga's wow factor
I don't know about you but I felt like
when she started lady gaga was like a
huge event every time she had a video
coming out everyone counted down never
was very excited and everyone's
generally quite pleased with the result
as well like it was a big thing having a
video come out but she just released a
video brownie and it something about
cake I know nothing about it I haven't
seen it I know not what it involves no
explanation Oh fame how fleeting okay
now I liked my final go he's down
reveals are very sad sad side of me the
sad side of me he watches Made in
Chelsea going down any appreciation I
had whatsoever for Jamie Jamie used to
be my favorite character of me and
Chelsea but this series he's proved
himself to be a complete twat do not
like do not want not a fan I will see
you guys on Friday bye guys and also let
me know what's going down for you normal
text away is the same figures are you in
focus focus on
