hi everyone I hope you all well I had a
terrible horrible no good very bad day
girls who spend their feelings but
anyway today isn't even about me because
I'm going to continue to answer your
relationship and hook up questions and
hopefully I can help some of you out
anonymous asks I'm 17 and my boyfriend
of nearly 4 years just broke up with me
we went through a lot of things to get
there like both our dads and mums got
divorce at the same time we both got
seriously injured and had to spend a
while in the hospital I don't know how
to deal with this because I still want
to be best friends with him but at the
same time I know it should have some
space for a while so 4 years is a really
really really long time in fact that's
24 times the longest relationship that
I've ever had so that yeah that was
gonna be a really hard transition
especially if it was kind of the major
relationship in your teenage life I said
this a lot last week though and you're
clearly aware of it now being friends
isn't going to help
straight away you do just need to have
that space and it is really difficult
but you have to make that transition
from being a relationship to actually
not be in a relationship you've spent
four years with this person that has
become the natural state for you guys to
be around each other and yes maybe in
six months to a year and I really do
mean that long you will start to be able
to hang out together properly and spend
time together and become actual friends
who've had that past experience and
who've supported each other through
difficult times but you're never going
to be friends in the same way as if you
just met someone and became their friend
it's a kind of different form of
friendship I think it is best though
that you take an extended time apart and
you get used to being single and you get
used to all of the things that means it
means some great things and it means
some much more difficult things but you
will get used to it and you can do it I
don't really have much else to say to
that though because you do seem aware
that you need that space so yeah go with
your gut anonymous asked you
conversation ideas for speaking to a
crush now in my many many years I have
had so many crushes I am the queen of
unrequited love something like that I
just get crushes on people who like that
I get them so often freakishly this is
one of the first times in my life that I
have not had a crush on anyone at all
it's so weird for me I mean Jennifer
Lawrence but something I've realized and
I really realized this in the past six
months to a year is that people who I'm
stressing about speaking to might not
necessarily be the people that I want to
end up making out with no will they be
the people who I'm happiest with I know
it can
difficult if you're shy but don't
overthink talking to some conversation
ideas should come from what you like to
talk about if the natural rapport
develops from that then I think that's a
really good sign if not don't force it
and don't waste your energy on it either
you might think that you're perfect for
each other
and that other person just doesn't
realize it yet but you're not gonna get
anywhere thinking like that it's just a
huge rabbit hole that involves waiting
and disappointment and just endless
despair my advice would be if you feel
like you're having to force a
conversation that doesn't come naturally
quite quickly they're maybe not worth
your time
I don't know potentially unpopular
opinions anonymous asks I really really
like someone who I know watches your
videos but I have no idea how to let him
know I like him know whether he'd like
me the only way you're going to know is
by spending time with them and chatting
with them and actually being quite
forward oh the stigmas in our society of
which there are many forward won't be
one of them go for it or if you're a guy
Society isn't so much against you being
forward still go for it you have
literally nothing to lose you'll be back
in the same situation I know sometimes
can seem better to not really know and
keep wondering but knowing is good
sometimes and there's this situation
where it's either they will like me and
that is good or they decide they don't
like me and I'll just put my energy
elsewhere after a brief period of
grieving there you go
the last question comes from anonymous
what is your opinion on
friends-with-benefits my opinion or
friends-with-benefits is the same as the
moral or friends of benefits for film by
Will Gluck you also wrote easy a is one
of my many heroes someone is gonna get
hurt I feel like that is just absolutely
inevitable someone in some way even if
it's a small way it's going to get hurt
so I just don't think it's a
particularly good situation to be in
because also by titling it
friends-with-benefits that pretends that
you're not in this weird or other stage
not just friendship but like added
extras it's not like when you can pick
yogurt toppings it's something a little
more complicated than that
and I'm not saying that sex necessarily
has to be this like huge thing it
doesn't necessarily have to be a big
whoop thank you however when you're
hooking up with or making up with or
whatever with your friend even if it's
not a romantic situation there is this
kind of other level added because you're
being intimate with
someone even if you're not being
emotionally intimate with someone you're
being physically intimate with someone
and that makes things different
it doesn't necessarily makes things
messy it just makes things different so
it means that you're not actually a
friend so I kind of feel like friends
with benefits is a bit of a nonsense
term in a way I can't really explain it
I haven't got the words it's a feeling
that I can't control I suppose it's like
forgetting losing who you are but at the
same time something makes you home and
that note I am off but I will see you
guys on Monday and yeah goodbye
