hey everyone so before you watch this
video you might want to watch Charlie's
video and then Michaels video first
because this is sort of a continuation
of that discussion in the video he made
at the end of last week chili talking
about being kind of creatively stuck but
also slightly plagued by this anxiety of
what people were not saying about him
and you know whether sort of in a way
whether he mattered I felt was like the
crux of that video whether you make an
impact on people in a way you know so
you've got this weird thing going on
where you still taneously feel the
pressure of your audience but then you
also feel the pressure of being one of
you know six seven billion people in the
world Charlie suggested that this might
just be a human thing that might just be
the way everyone feels and Michael
picked up on that and stress that and
said that that's something that you know
we all do you feel and I think that's
true to an extent but I think there's
something about this sort of always
crisis that's particular to our format
as youtubers it's something that I spoke
about at a breakfast a couple of weeks
ago but I think we've heard to formalize
our schedules this whole past couple of
years I would say has been a project to
do that for me it's taken the form of
eventually deciding to do monday
wednesday friday videos for other people
it's trying to put out one or two videos
a month and even signing contracts with
networks which put that expectation into
their contracts because that way it's
even more formalized and you have the
pressure of something being written down
another example of this is something
that i know charlie is a big fan of
which is the don't break the chain
format which is where you try and do
something every single day and you cross
it off an invisible calendar in order to
have an unbroken chain of days in which
you did something particular outlined by
the little calendar all of these things
can work of course they can work and for
me I think it's you know starting to
work this whole three video a week thing
but it is something that is a big shift
and we can't underestimate how big the
shift that is from having school be
something you do 24-7 with video on the
side or the initial period when you have
more time to create and you suddenly
have all this energy that you didn't
have before to now when it is becoming a
bit more of a difficult fight to make
something you like I remember Maureen
Johnson talking a few years ago about
daring to suck and that is so true as
true with writing as it is with YouTube
videos you have to create all this crap
before you create
things that you actually like I'm not
saying that things that you aren't happy
with aren't things that other people
won't love but you have to accept this
element of being dissatisfied with your
work and that's crap thing to face up to
because you don't want to be
dissatisfied with your work especially
if like me you're a perfectionist and it
just scares you to hell being unhappy
with what you're creating let alone
having to share that so they've got all
these pressures built into that but the
former of YouTube their response format
how heavy comments and likes and shares
and just general views how heavy that
influences your perception of how well
you've done that makes it a kind of
different beast altogether and what's
more it's also immediate whereas with a
book or a film you'll be working on it
for such a long time and then you'll get
that response which is terrifying in a
different way this is something you've
created within the range of a couple of
hours to a few weeks and then you get
the response from that and it's just
this constant cycle of response so if it
gets true that as humans we are scared
and we are anxious and that can be a
comfort in a way we're making this
transition from do something as a hobby
or a fun creative side project to it
being a significant part of our creative
output in our lifetime on this planet of
course that's terrifying and of course
the fact that you're being judged
immediately on that is terrifying not to
mention any sort of expectation you
place on that yourself furthermore as
the website grows as the audience
changes as different big companies
become involved as you have to start
paying rent as you have to start do all
these other things at once there are all
sorts of day-to-day pressures that come
into that along with the internet and
web site specific ones so it's kind of
no wonder and to be honest I think it's
amazing that you have gone this long
Charlie without getting to that point
where you feel like this there's the
aspect of it that's part and parcel of
what we choose to spend our time doing
YouTube and I don't know whether that's
just a factor of creative discipline
being something that we've never really
had to work with in the way that we do
now or whether this is just a temporary
little blip that will last I don't know
18 months or so and then everything will
go back to normal and we'll be able to
create in new and interesting ways
whether that's on youtube or off youtube
and writing or whatever it is so it's
difficult it's a difficult time but I
just wanted to add a little ramble to
this because yeah I don't think it is
just a human thing I do think it's a
YouTube thing all right bye guys I will
see you on Wednesday
