hi everyone so it's about 11 p.m. so
it's pretty late after a long day and by
it was a really good day i woke up at
five fifteen a.m. and headed on the
train down to Brighton there in Brighton
I was one of the 14 speakers at the TEDx
Brighton event the event was
specifically about their generation gap
and if you want proof but I was in it
you can see this is me this is me
sitting on the sofa from friends I think
my talk went well and I certainly
enjoyed listening to the other speakers
who spoke with such a wide range of
topics from sharing economies to the
7-up series of Granada to the amazing
story of one man who once was part of an
Islamist network and then have it to be
arrested became an amnesty international
prisoner of conscience and emerged with
a completely different perspective on
everything and actually works with
democratic organizations within the
Middle East the motto for Ted is ideas
worth sharing and if you go on the
website you'll find incredible videos of
people talking conveniently seeing as
Friday's Rosie answers a lot of you did
have questions about the nature of the
event and when you could see stuff
online from the event so I thought I
would answer this now I'm just using
them generally are not going to mention
any user names because a lot of them
were repeated a lot of people ask when
they could see it when they were going
online I think they're going online
within the next few weeks in the
meantime I do encourage you to go over
to the Ted website and watch them their
videos because there have been
incredible once I think you can find
some of them on YouTube as well there's
that congressional a lot was what was I
talking about and I was actually talking
about you guys and I was talking about
the thing that we do with the internet
and with YouTube broadly speaking I was
talking about how the internet and
online video in particular can create
really critical and responsive and
intelligent and creative readers and how
it's a really great environment for
conversation rather than the basics of
very restrictive reading comprehension
and age banded experience of books but
also have a support system of an online
community then becomes such a big
presence in your life that they're there
for you when other big things have been
like for example the death of your
father another big question was how I
came to speak at the event and that
happened when Natalie Lloyd who produced
the event into such a terrific job
producing event it is unbelievable how
calm she seen the whole day she emailed
me in the summertime asking me whether
I'd like to be involved because she'd
seen my youtube videos and of course the
chance to speak at such a you know big
event with such incredible associations
oh I'm just crazy to meet having just
graduated from university and feeling
very lost about what I was going to do
to be asked to speak at such an event
fell I found
honored to be asked how many times have
I said to be asked in the past 30
seconds honestly so anyway so it's
something that I've been working on
since then i wrote a big chunk of it
when i was out chicago celebrating my
21st birthday which was before i
celebrated my 21st birthday i have a
very specific memory of one morning just
kind of slightly panicking and tried to
write it and then eating cold pasta from
the night before and being a room with
Haley and Christina and Ariana and ear
as writing about online communities as
well as in part about book shops and the
structuring reading experience but I was
just sitting around there looking around
with me like he's all the people the
physical people I've met from this time
little square and I know it's something
that we can think about a lot but it
still never stops being amazing to me
and absolutely never stops and then
today Lex attended the event she bought
a ticket she was in the audience and
that was really cool as well to have
when my best friend supporting me but
also someone who really understands that
on my community thing the last question
was whether or not I was nervous about
talking at TEDx my experience of that
was very much like any other public
speaking event that I've done I've done
quite a lot of public speaking it did
some in secondary school I've spoken to
big groups of people and for Fulbright
who are considering doing short-term
study abroad I've done lot presentations
sometimes two three or four people
sometimes to 40 or 50 people it's a
place I feel quite comfortable and
strangely confident for him and I
definitely get a really good a nice
amount of adrenaline format to the run
up to it and the speaking itself I don't
tend to feel nervous what happens
afterwards however that is the thing
that I do not so much enjoy about it I
just get flooded especially when it's
something that's quite personal your
ideas sharing you're saying this is an
important idea you're putting it forward
and that's you know there for people to
think about and it's at that point that
I get nervous oolitic am I talking
complete crap am I saying nothing of
worth and how did I talk did I mumble
over everything did I talk too quickly
did I talk too slowly was it obvious
that in this part I forgot exactly what
I was going to say it sometimes happens
five minutes afterwards it sometimes
happens a few hours afterwards for me it
happened four or five hours afterwards
when I was all my train back here and
makes you really doubt your ability to
do anything or think carefully and
critically will just offer anything to
the world to have any sort of thought
purpose
suppose i'm going to edit this to go
straight to sleep because i have work
tomorrow but i will see you guys on
Monday bye
