hi everyone so firstly thanks for
sharing all your comments about grief
and your experiences of grief or lack of
experience of grief and in the comments
of my last video I really really like
enjoyed sounds like the wrong word but I
thought they were very helpful to me and
to other people as well and it was great
to see a discussion about something that
is actually quite a personal thing so
hopefully it helped some of you out as
well once again today is going to be
different style video it's going to be a
video in support of our NIV day RNIB is
a Royal National Institute of the blind
bar ni be basically supports blind and
partially sighted people and this year
they decide to have a big read-a-thon
and asked people to read bits of Alice's
Adventures in Wonderland a lovely young
lady called ever asked me whether I
would be able to read a chapter of
course oblige I'm sure they'll be a
playlist of all the videos we've
submitted I am chapter 5 advice from a
caterpillar let's begin the caterpillar
and Alice looked at each other for some
time in silence and last the caterpillar
took the hooker out of its mouth and
addressed her in a language sleepy voice
who are you said the caterpillar this
was not an encouraging opening for a
conversation and it's replied rather
shyly I I hardly know sir just at
present at least I know who I was when I
got up this morning but I think I must
have changed several times since then
what do you mean by that said the cash
will astound me explain yourself I can't
explain myself I'm afraid sir because
I'm not myself you see I don't see so
the caterpillar I'm afraid I can't put
it more clearly Alice replied very
politely for I can't understand it
myself to begin with and being so many
different sizes in a day is very
confusing it isn't said the caterpillar
well perhaps you haven't found it so yet
said Alice but when you have to turn to
a chrysalis you will someday you know
and then after that edge of butterfly I
should think you'll feel it a little
queer weren't you not a bit said the
caterpillar well perhaps your feelings
may be different Solaris all I know is
it would feel very queer to me you said
the caterpillar contemptuously who are
you which brought them back again to the
beginning of a conversation as felt a
little irritated at the caterpillars
making very short remarks and she drew
herself up and said very gravely I think
you want to tell me who you are first
why said the gospel oh
it was another puzzling question and as
Alice could not think of any good reason
and the caterpillar seemed to be in a
very unpleasant state of mind she turned
away come back the cash fella called
after her I'm something important to say
this sounded promising certainly Alice
turned and came back again keep your
chamber said the caterpillar is that all
said Alice swallowing down her anger as
well she could no said the caterpillar I
was thought she might as well wait is
she had nothing else to do perhaps after
all it might tell her something worth
hearing for some minutes it puffed away
without speaking but none last it folded
its arms took the hooker out of its
mouth again and said so you think you're
changed do you I'm afraid I am sir said
Alice I can't remember things as I used
and I don't keep the same size for ten
minutes together can't remember what
things so the caterpillar well I've
tried to say how doth the little busy
bee but it all came different as replied
in a very melancholy voice repeat you
are old father William said the
caterpillar Alice folded her hands and
began you are old father William the
young man said and your hair has become
very white and yet you incessantly sound
in your head do you think at your age it
is right in my youth father William
reply to his son I feared it might end
of the brain but now I'm perfectly sure
i have none where I do it game in the
game you are all to the youth as I
mentioned before and have grown with
some commonly fat yet you return to back
some self in a door pray what is the
reason of that in my youth service
agencies shook his grey locks I kept all
my limbs very supple by the use of this
ointment once shilling the box allow me
to sell you a couple your old said the
youth in your juicer two weeks for
anything tougher than suit you finished
the goose with the birds and the big
play how did you manage to do it in my
youth said his father writer to the law
and argued each case with my wife and
the muscular strength which it gave to
my jaw has lasted the rest of my life
you are old said they do one would
hardly suppose that your I was a steady
as ever yeah you passed an eel or the
end of your nose what need you so
awfully clever I have almost three
questions and that is enough said his
father did give yourself airs
do you think I can listen all day to
such stuff be off or I'll kick you
downstairs that is not said right said
the caterpillar not quite right and the
frames at Alice timidly some of the
words have got halted it is wrong from
beginning to end so the caterpillar
decidedly and there was silence for some
minutes the caterpillar was fast to
speak what size do you want to be it
asked oh I'm not particular as to size
Alice hastily replied and it what
doesn't like changing so often you know
I don't know said the caterpillar Alice
said nothing she had never been so much
contradicted in all her life before and
she felt that she was losing her temper
are you content now said the caterpillar
well I should like to be a little larger
size you wouldn't mind said Alice three
inches is such a wretched height to be
it is a very good height indeed said the
caterpillar angrily wearing itself
upright as it spoke it was exactly three
inches high but I'm not used to it they
did poor Alice in a piteous tone and she
thought to herself I wish the creatures
wouldn't be so easily offended you'll
get used to it in time said the
caterpillar and it put the hooker in its
mouth and began smoking again this time
Alice waited patiently until it chose to
speak again in a minute or two the catch
better check the hooker out of its mouth
and you and once or twice and shook
itself then he got down off the last
room and crawled away to the grass Mary
remarking as it went one side will make
you grow taller the other side will make
you grow shorter one side of what the
other side of what thought Alice to
herself of the mushrooms at the
caterpillar just as if she had asked it
aloud and in another moment it was out
of sight Alice remained looking
thoughtfully a mushroom for a minute
trying to make out which were the two
sides of it and as it was perfectly
round she found this a very difficult
question however Allah she stretched her
arms around it as far as they would go
and broke up a bit of the edge with each
hand know which is which she said to
herself and nibbled the little of the
right-hand bit to try the effect the
next moment she felt a violent blow
underneath her chin it has struck a foot
she was a good deal frightened by this
very Sun trained but she felt that there
was no time to be lost and she was
shrinking rapidly so she said to work at
once to eat some of the other bit her
tongue was pressed so close think it's a
foot there was hardly room to open her
mouth but she did it at last
minus y1 warlord the left-handed bit
come my head's free at last said Alice
in a tone delight which changed into
alarm in another moment when she found
that her shoulders were nowhere to be
found or she could see where she looked
down was an immense length of neck which
she drives like a stalk out of the sea
of green leaves that lay far below her
what can all that green stuff be said
Alice and where have my shoulders got to
and oh my poor hands how is it I can't
see you she was moving them about as she
spoke but no result seem to follow
except a little shaking amongst the
distance green leaves as I said to be no
chance of her getting her hands up to
her head she tried to get her head down
to them and was delighted to find that
her neck would bend about his easily in
any direction like a serpent she had
succeeded in carving it down into a
graceful zigzag and was going to dive in
among the leaves which he found doing
nothing with the tops of trees under
which she had been wondering when a
sharp has made her drawback in a hurry a
large pigeon had flown into her face I
was beating her violently with its wings
serpent to scream the pigeon I'm not a
serpent said Alice indignantly let me
alone servant hey see you again repeated
the pigeon but in a more subdued tone
and added with a kind of sob I've tried
every way but nothing seems to suit them
I haven't the least idea what you're
talking about said Alice I've tried to
Bruce of trees and I've tried banks and
I've tried hedges the pictures we went
on without attending to her but their
serpents there's no pleasing them Alice
was more and more puzzled but she
thought there was no use in saying
anything more to the pigeon had finished
as if it wasn't trouble enough hatching
the eggs said the pigeon but I must be
on the lookout for servants night and
day why have another wink of sleep these
three weeks I'm very sorry you've been
annoyed said Alice was beginning to see
its meaning and justice Oh taken the
highest tree the world continue to the
pigeon raises voice to a shriek and just
as I was thinking I should be free of
them at last they must needs come
raining down from the sky Oh serpent but
i'm not a serpent I tell you said Alice
I'm a I am well what I said the pigeon I
can see you're trying to invent
something I'm a little girl said Alice
rather doubtfully she remember the
number of changes she'd gone through
that day
likely story indeed said the pigeon in a
tone of the deepest contempt I've seen a
good many little girls in my time and
never one with a neck suppose you'll be
telling me next that you've never
changed an egg I have tasted excitingly
said Alice was a very truthful child but
little girls eat eggs quite as much as
serpents do you know I don't believe it
that the pigeon but if they do why then
they're a kind of serpent that's all I
can say this was such new idea Alice
that she was quite silent for a minute
or two which gave the pigeon the
opportunity of adding you're looking
very exciting that well enough and what
does it matter to me whether you're a
little girl or a servant well it matches
a good deal to me said Alice hastily but
I'm not looking for eggs as it happens
and if it was I should have won yours I
don't like them raw well I'll be off
then said the pigeon is salty tone is it
settled down into its nest as crouched
down among the trees as well as she
could for her neck kept getting
entangled among the branches and every
now and then she had to stop and untwist
it after a while she remembered that she
still held the pieces of mushroom in her
hands and she set to work very carefully
nibbling fast one and then the other and
growing sometimes taller and sometimes
shorter and so she had succeeded and
bring herself down to her usual height
it was so long since she had been
anything near the right size that it
felt quite strange at first but she got
used to it in a few minutes I'm again
talking to herself as usual comme des
half my plan done now how puzzling all
these changes are I'm never sure what
I'm going to be from one minute to
another however I've got back to my
right size the next thing is how to get
into that beautiful garden how is that
to be da wonder as she said this she
came suddenly upon an open place with a
little house in his about four feet I
nothing lives there thought Alice he'll
never do to comment on than this size
why I should frighten them out of their
wit's so she brought nibbling on the
right-hand bit again and did not venture
to go into the house if she had brought
herself down to nine inches high
