if the past year of my life were film it
would begin with an alternate versions
feet and voiceover given at the
beginning of the holiday I have found
everything written about grief to be
true but also i have found everything
remotely to be a lie also if my party
aware film this car alarm would be in it
because car alarms and efrain films in
the background going off for ages unless
it's over proper purpose to indicate one
shady neighborhood or two someone's
about to get arrested thanks for taking
the hip guys server so i went to
apologize like a video on friday the
treaty's i came back from work and had
one more day of work left to my working
week on saturday and I was just so
exhausted I couldn't even function as i
started this video i mean i've read so
much about grieving and grief and
experience and all of that and a lot of
it seems to be very short term because a
lot of it is like two months after or a
year a year after is a very organic thai
when lot of stories come out and it's
actually threw pretty little liars in
part where they just remember so much
about their friendship with alison and
specific things she said and rather blah
i know that these are stories i know
that these are fictions invented to
comfort us and in a way to come for us
that we will remember everything about
these people perfectly and that we can
continue to find out about them after
they pass but i think that there is a
certain limit on that and that there is
something false about that that we pass
on because we need that little bit of
hope and i think that you know some
people they do find out so much after
the person's past but some people don't
and rather than becoming a process of
remembering it becomes the process of
forgetting without even without even
realizing it i'm always conflicted
between wanting to tell you everything
about my dad and tell you stories and
tell you things that annoyed me and
things that were great and blah blah
blah and telling you nothing about him
whatsoever to kind of keep that mine in
a way I'm so torn between those two
things all the time that it didn't occur
to me that things that I wanted to tell
we're going to diminish that I was going
to forget them and yeah it's just it
makes
really sad to to feel myself growing up
and growing away from it and to feel
like it's oh I don't know it like it sir
like it's really aged we in a way I feel
I'm not older than people around me some
people who are older than me because
they haven't been faced with a certain
part of their life where they have to
deal with it so I think that had been
kind of building up or week or last week
and that just led to point where I was
like okay I'm done the end I need to
just sit in bed and watch shows made in
other countries and read books it's oh
it's just such a long road it's just
it's the longest longest road for all um
driving John say to me it's gonna be
it's gonna be a long road and I just
thought you can't you can't imagine that
you can't imagine the scale of it even
though you're trying to tell yourself
now you're gonna have to deal with it
it's going to be a process there's going
to be several stages you always at some
point you have think Vidya then it's
gonna be done and then you're just going
to move on I read a really really great
interview with Stephen Colbert last
night yeah actually able to play board
so that was a kind of unusual experience
of reading an interview and having all
his naked women on the other side of the
either side of the page for this you
don't know his kind of a satirist a lot
of satire and he has his own television
program but when he was ten years old he
lost his father and two of his brothers
in a plane a plane crash i think it was
i he was just talking about the phrase
of grief visiting you and grief having
its own presence at its own time Martin
you just have to accept that and accept
it as almost a separate entity but
that's also part of you it was a big
like light bulb interview reading
session I love those moments I love when
you you read something and it just makes
you understand so much about yourself
and I had that experience all the time
even in tiny ways and that's what I love
about reading and it makes me realize
things about other people and just about
humanity as a whole and the world as a
whole and I just it makes me happy
that's why i read in many ways it's just
hard to not remember things about him
because i'm trying really really hard I
really want to tell stories about him
but I can't remember the mid-tier
you know certainly at a difficult stage
so and you can tell that by like how I
fell out refrain just that so that's
today it's a happy smiley video mm-hmm
for those of you who have lost someone
what was easy read that helped and what
the things you read the hurt and what do
you think grief is alright liters
