hi this is your regularly scheduled
monday video i have a friend Jamie
they'll be he do not know her that you
will do is she's more famous than I am
because she was a day and I was midday
she's a better day oh and we just went
to see the film now is good in the
cinemas got my readers wiping away my
tears yeah which was an adaptation of
the film before at the film the book the
books before I die by Jenny down and was
a book that I really enjoyed reading and
as much for the writing as for how it
broke and destroys every atom of my soul
and and clearly i think felt the same
way like when did you read the book was
that around time it first came out no no
I read it earlier this year I really
yeah yeah I just kind of saw in a
charity shop I actually got mixed up
with before i fall and okay and I like I
vice looked it up and saw the Dakota
Fanning was in the film and I got
excited yeah and initially when I heard
that she was in the film I was like I've
gotta go Americanize it which for some
stories I can deal with but for this one
because I think there were things about
it particularly British yeah I got very
snobby and was a bit worried and then I
realized that they weren't yeah that
Dakota Fanning actually has a really
good British accent yeah she's actually
doing another film like filming another
film where she has to use a different
British accent yeah I think northern so
I said what did you want to be the video
white dots on her face coats in the face
I have and I've been to the best of us
so this film it's about a girl his
teenager and she finds out that she has
cancer as a cancer film for some reason
recently all of the things that we're
talking about 5050 the fault in our
stars are cancer stories but they're all
really good cancer stories like I've
read a lot of really really shitty
cancer story and these are already fit
ones and and and films and what
works and sentences what yeah um and I
think yeah and I was saying out it like
I think it was John he said that cancer
is like the tuberculosis about time and
it's really interesting to see how
different people work with that material
in different ways so from like an
abstract perspective it was really good
from a superficial perspective it was a
really great film had a really hot guys
in it and Katie kept looking over at me
I'm just taking one yeah dad wont put
you like your face yeah she just looks
so happy that this man existed cuz he's
something he's beautiful I mean and he
did you did a great job I Davey dad I
did think that that wasn't enough
dialogue I did get a bit annoyed at how
many like know this when talk hello how
many like non dialogue like music ii
scenes that were my crime slightly
annoyed me but generally it was good any
of the point is as foes really sad which
you might get by a beer cans but can be
being based on cats but that's good
before I die subtle actually finish this
film everything is like nine people in
this event and everyone so bank like
like ugly ugly clear a lot of hugs right
and so happy that we were in fraud so
ever get to see our liquor mart um and
we meet Jenny like cover face which is
like I had a scarf and I was just like
just like telling my head down so my
head down because i forgot about what
had happened it was like a key couch
point kekeke event that happened before
you before the filming begins yeah and
the male characters life so I already
knew I was screwed and then I just
remembered how sad it was a little more
boulders like I remember this covers
later I didn't know I don't like if I I
turned to her on point was like I just
remembered how depressing this book I'm
not excited yeah and then we just i'm
off to eat you name the crying then we
just started nothing because we do to us
to do the only like Bali reaction
because you just had to laugh so I'm so
more I think and then crime
and just like and then during the film
is Allah two different sets of people
came in didn't realize it was the wrong
film look to everyone crying yeah and I
was coupled who in just like love ya oh
that during the really sad like hospital
see ya know a woman to was great she
stood there for a full like 30 seconds
taking it all in it then finally turned
to the screen realized it wasn't out of
lawless yeah there she come to see she's
like okay I gotta go and say yeah that
was a Monday yeah and then we own it
when we were to talk about it I went and
bought Pinkberry we've got some
doughnuts what's inside it we've got
some cider and that was it yeah
hyundai's again and think and soul
destruction yep see you guys a Wednesday
direct upload yeah
