happy Election Day everyone I want to
look a little bit about what you should
expect when you get to important issues
for those of you
so maybe feeling a little bit nervous
mainly to first time voting all of the
things I'm about safe been true to my
personal experience if your experiences
differ then please do share that in the
comments
and that way together we can help more
people feel comfortable and informed
about voting today Election Day so first
of all it's important to note that in
order to vote today you should be
registered to vote already if you
haven't done that at this point you and
force you won't get to vote in these
elections but now's a great time to
register to vote anyway so you can vote
in the next one if you are registered to
vote and you received a polling card
then that gives you instructions as the
wage go to vote but if you've lost it
totally understand the board there are
places online we can look up your
polling stations polling stations are
often in places like school gyms
community centers and one that I went to
growing up was in a bull ground like a
bowling and old bowling green the polls
are open from dawn until dusk so when
you walk to the polling station which
should be quite clearly marked sometimes
they have arrows pointing the exact
times you should go and you'll find
there for your table that usually with
two people sitting at it the people the
front table will ask your name or you
can offer it and they'll also cross off
your address they'll then hand you a
ballot which has the names of all the
candidates standing in your area as well
as their associated parties sometimes
they'll give you a pencil then sometimes
the pencil is already in the booth if
you get to the booth usually a slightly
shielded of corner and there's a pencil
there no problem asking the front table
for one there's absolutely no rush this
point take as much time as you need to
look at the candidates names and to make
your choice once you picture you want to
vote for put a big cross in the box next
to that candidate once you've picked has
marked the spot then you fold it in one
or two I need to get back to the front
table where there should be a voting box
thing with a slot at the top and that's
where you pop in your vote and that I
think is it and lets you live in
Northern Ireland in which case you do
have to bring ID with you and you vote
both US and Scotland England and Wales
do not have to bring ID with them if
you've got a postal vote will filled out
an Indian post in time you can have it
in at your polling station and just to
note that if all of this sounds horrible
and you really hope to never set foot in
a polling station again apply for a
person next time you'll be able to fill
out your response in the comfort of your
own home
and it'll be the post and you won't have
to think about it but my experience
working at polling stations has been
pretty great so far and I encourage you
to try it out even if you are feeling a
little bit nervous happy writing and
happy Election Day
