hello everyone I hope you had a very
good monday if you're watching this
video I'm expecting something about
fraternities and sororities I'm not
talking about 21st century greek life
i'm talking more about the ancient
mythological kind lots of choices I've
made recently have reminded me quite a
lot of Sisyphus suppose was a king he
was a king of Corinth and in a scene
reminiscent of that one episode of
Friends Hades once came along showing
him some handcuffs and it was very
slightly asked Hades to demonstrate how
they were used now Hades being all hey
look at the cool new thing I have used
them on himself to show Sisyphus then
Hades who was of course the god of the
underworld and you know in control of a
lot of things to do with death was kind
of out of action for a while there was a
period of time when no one could die it
wasn't that they avoided situations
involving death it was more that they
literally physically could not die the
wall didn't become a magically safe
place it just became a very immortal
place and then after that whole site
that was completed he was of course
punished at some point because they hear
it aren't particularly happy about
looking up Hades Hades himself wasn't
too thrilled and so everyone was like ok
goodbye to the first in ancient Greece
in mythological Greece especially
funeral rites were the most important
thing in the world ever it's not that
different in 21st century culture either
the history of the way we treat our dead
and the importance of the way we allow
others in the respect and the time to
bury their dead that's been something
hugely emphasized over the past 10 and
20 years we've now moved past a time
where a two of the Unknown Soldier will
suffice this is of course is most keenly
shown in the US where they fire back the
bodies of soldiers and that itself is
thought to be such a strong strong image
that during the war in Iraq Jonas can
actually show photographs of the coffins
arriving any way back to ancient Greece
Sisyphus artists wife not to bury him
not to place a coin under his tongue
because when you crossed a river Styx
need a coin for the ferryman and thence
this first one up to Persephone and said
I you know I didn't have a proper
funeral like everything's just gonna be
messed up my whole fate is gonna be
screwed up could you please just bring
it to life for a little bit so I could
go have a funeral sorted and then you
know I've come back I'll come right back
to the land of the dead which of course
you didn't do after Persephone granted
him that much out of life then Sisyphus
was cool to ganon because he'd spent so
much time tricking the gods they weren't
particularly happy about it and they
punished him again forcing him to spend
his lifetime pushing a gigantic boulder
up a hill ready to get to the top and
have it Rob
down again now to say I've been thinking
about this a lot does sound a little bit
melodramatic what many parts of my life
feel like peaks and troughs I wouldn't
say that they feel quite as bad as
pushing everything up a hill only tap it
come back down again and that's the kind
of person who loves to write to do this
for every single thing like check email
always crave that sense of
accomplishment of finishing things that
moment of I've done one thing what's the
next thing and you can either view that
as completely different or exactly the
same as Sisyphus for me there were
always more hills to climb but I am at
least completing one task no desk I got
off gumtree and i got it for about 10
pounds cheaper than it was listed on the
website the advancement says that it
came dismantled I went to this girl's
flats pick it up it wasn't dismantled
I'd rather than being a normal person
and asking for a screwdriver or calling
a cab or calling my friends for help I
thought well I'll carry it I'll carry it
three miles three miles walk through
london no big deal I look back in there
and think what stupid decision to make
and I completely lack common sense in
that situation I carried it back but I
got bruises and i got like small
blisters on my hands and it would have
been so much easier to ask for help
asking for help or something I've grown
a lot better at but it's still something
i find difficult and part of that is
because i want something to be my task
in my accomplishment i love
accomplishing things with friends i love
accomplishing things with a team but
occasionally you want something that's
your own and for me at least things like
running things like walking things like
carrying desks three miles those
physical tasks are the ones that feel
strangely satisfying to achieve them by
yourself of course other people had a
hand in that of course everyone who's
ever helped anything vaguely related to
my physical health has a hand in that
but for me to be able to use my body in
that way and have a definite success
point which is reaching the flap with my
desk those tasks do you feel a little
bit like you've pushed a boulder up a
hill as a once and for a very very small
fraction of time that Boulder has just
stayed there and the boulder that rolls
back again isn't quite the same one as
you pushed up in the first place so I've
been thinking of have been considering
and I've been wondering does Sisyphus
gets stronger and how does his body
change in relation to pushing that
Boulder up and down all the time does
his physical body changed as their
Boulder changed as the topography of the
area change what is at work to make that
exact process repeatable the easy answer
would be mythology
and made up stories and you know gods
and stuff there's something else in it
as well I think that's something else is
being able to see when you do grow a
little bit even if the boulder does roll
back down all the importance of giving
your body physical challenge or the fact
that you should appreciate the variety
of experience we have in our lives or
maybe simply that you shouldn't ask
Hades to wear handcuffs but yes that's
where my thoughts are this monday I hope
you have a wonderful end of Monday and
also cheese day and I'll see you on
Wednesday bye guys oh my knees wobble
