hello everyone and welcome to the third
row Z answers yes that's the new name
for it are suggested by courier that
seems to be one that was particularly
popular in comments and as of a desire
not to confuse the general population by
calling it Haley as much as I do not
that name Rosie answers it is literally
pretend D like a 13-cent which US city
was your favorite to visit Chicago
probably always been my favorite us as
teacher visit just because I have a
really nice balance between East Coast
West Coast lifestyle it has lots of
bodies of water which I love but also I
really love visiting LA because so many
my friends live there and you have the
sunshine all the time and a really good
like vegan vegetarian balance everywhere
I like dog face asks are you planning to
be the first moon blogger I would love
to go into space but I didn't know
whether I can because of my asper
because my aspect is really sometimes
not good but scientists if you you know
this girl happy space I would happily go
car lament asks how much does quinoa
cost in the UK quinoa can cost about two
pounds or so every local supermarket
normally it comes in the big kind of
essential value home brand packing it's
like lunafly
asks or comments rather room to a room
to a roomy roomy room to your wish is my
command here is my phone athelia and my
lens cap here is Jessica Ennis as a
motivational poster there is Andy Murray
and some notes from holiday in Paris at
London book shop map of 87 independent
book shops in London and my pencil
portrait response here is the record
player I got a free cycle there is a
really cute picture of me and my friends
here's my completely on suspicious
looking flask here is my clear out and
my noisy basket and a box of shoes whoo
and then on the right of that I have a
big pile of books that did not fit in
the bookshelves sad
here is my scratch mark up everywhere
I've been in the USA here is the poster
tube there is a nice bag that I like
there is a cute picture of me my friend
Breen my Harry Potter books and I'm an
illustration from the tales of Beedle
the bard collected limited edition and
my mood is map and my DVDs my Gossip
Girl collection and my doctor new
collection in a scrapbook and yeah all
my DVDs are color-coordinated as well
you might also notice the Gameboy there
are some of my white books there are
some of my dad works enough copies of
Looking for Alaska to put Henry Green
through college this technically was my
silver books collection but the white
book sort of spill paper as they do blue
books and green books tend to be very
interchangeable but then some the Green
books also have red and orange as just a
huge nightmare
more blue books including door chips may
convert a little bit of famous 5 hidden
back there as well now here you see lots
of books on artists and the complete
Charlotte caves annotated of course they
seem to own a lot of white books small
red books including some important books
on women artists and surfing a strange
yellow gold Brown weird section my
collection of moleskin city guides
plenty of hard work and twelve more
black books or folders more piles and
piles of books that did not quite make
it onto the shelves because there is no
space here is my bed it's kind of messy
because it has random bags and stuff on
it
there's my keys whoo spoilers the keys
all shipped up that drawer in this is a
me you can see the whole setup of my
corner desk thing oh and then there are
some important books in there on the
shelf as well so you have look foreign
editions and other editions of Harry
Potter books the whole hardback John
Green extravaganza collection Sylvia
Plath and The Virgin Suicides well they
waive that so some nice pictures of me
and my friends yeah friends I have them
oh then importantly as well up you were
asking about this this is my n64 in the
living room with the free TV the both
recycle recycle past the victim asks
have you read any Kat Vonnegut yes I
love crap oh my go maxime I've been
asked heavy red house of the spirits
pays about yen but yes I have I've read
it in English and Spanish she's a
wonderful book French a math whiz asks
what do you think of Virginia Woolf
novels especially mrs. Dalloway and the
waves a petite you like the waves mrs.
Dalloway I found a little difficult at
first but I think when I went back and
reread it I enjoyed it a lot more but
the waves are some of the most beautiful
writing I've ever encountered and I just
love the jr. wolf in general belong to
the day I was one of the many people who
asked what do you do when you have a
series of books and each spine is a
different color the most important
series to me in Harry Potter series I've
just given a little separate space of
their own as for the rest of them I do
split them up but because I know where
everything is it's not too distressing
lastly chocolate rocks are a two-part
question the first part is top 5
favorite books of all time the bell jar
by Sylvia Plath the phone on Stars by
John Green fix Yanis by board has a
collection of short stories The Book
Thief by Markus Zusak and Harry Potter
the Deathly Hallows by JK Rowling that
such if
question because yeah there are other
books that are really important to me
like The Virgin Suicides by Geoffrey
Janet ease and also Middlesex by Joe
from you junkies and because dark
material serious by Philip Pullman and
just there's just so many books just so
many of them that I it's very hard in a
way very arbitrary to file that down to
five books the second part of trouble
Abraxas question is how to be less
socially terrified and vulnerable and
just scared of all the people as more
people online and in my circles jeremy
come forward about their social
awkwardness in their and their social
fear i sometimes find it quite difficult
to understand in a way not in a
patronizing way just kind of it's very
different from the way I experience the
world and the way I experience people
because I'm such an extrovert and they
take so much of my energy from being
around people but from being around them
what I can understand is it's good to be
around people you trust when possible
it's always very important to have the
opportunity to go and have time by
yourself and take yourself out of that
space I feel pride in those moments
where you are that little bit more
confident and and you do make this
connection the last part as if it is
something that is affecting your life
and your ability to function on a
supreme unbelievable level then seek
medical attention for it you know go to
your doctor talk to your GP or just see
what your options are do you take it
seriously because it's worth living
a happy healthy life full of as many
people as you would like in your life
and and full of yeah the ability to
function is you know a good thing I
think that's all for now guys I will see
you on Monday bye
