hi guys so I'm taking a break out with
painting to make this video we just
painted my roommates Ana's room but
she's not actually here she's in New
York because she's you know super cheeky
and everything but what I wanted to talk
about today was dance routines because I
don't know about you but when I was
little when I was in primary school my
friends used to make up really cool
dance routines perhaps really cool as an
exaggeration I mean they were possible
but to us it seemed great and then when
I went to to secondary school we had to
school birthday and every year on school
back there you had to make up a dance
and your form would show it and then get
ranked on certain number of points and
then of course no songs I Democrat in
there Soulja Boy and thriller which I've
set dance routines that people learn and
everyone kind of knows the same what's
not about making up your own ones it's
about copying someone else's in both
cases there's a sense of engaging with
something that someone else is creating
a kind of strange community aspect where
the person you're engaging with doesn't
necessarily know you're engaging with
them they've just created this thing
with song this dance routine whatever
they've put it out there and people are
responding to it and engaging with it in
a certain way I think that's really cool
and I was wondering whether people still
do dance routines like where's little
kids in the playground still make up
routines those of you with children of
your own or with little sisters or
brothers or who work with children like
let me know two people still do the
dance routines is that sort of still
thing I always have to wonder if it
isn't still thing like how much the lack
of music television people watch these
days like how has that affected into it
the fact that people watch music videos
on their computer rather than
necessarily like having MTV running
constantly in the background has that
meant the music video is less the site
of attention rather than just something
that you stream in the background or or
your watch once or twice and appreciate
rather than watch the same video over
and over and over again in the same way
that you used to want to kind of played
every one or two hours on a music
channel a dance routine I really
appreciate it was actually the full
series of One Tree Hill when I watch one
tree hill when I was much younger all
the girls get out and start dancing this
dance routine to the spice girls song
wanna be my friend Philly and I actually
said that we were going to learn at some
point and we never did learn it I'll put
a link to a video in which you can watch
them doing that in the description bar
below even most those times when you're
with your friends and you do something
created together rather than doing your
own creative thing together a strange
the central I know but I supposed to the
differences sitting around and working
your projects but being each other
company and having that social aspect
that you would necessarily have or just
working on the same creative project
together and presenting it but still
engaging with something that already
exists maybe I'm overthinking it
I don't know white hands of surrender
let me know your thoughts and dance
routines in the comments let me know
what your favorite dance routine was a
pre-existing one or whether you came up
with one to a particular song every know
the last time you did a dance routine
and if you feel you know you want to
start up doing the dance routine again
you get a song from like the gft be a
music program or an artist that you know
you can get in touch with and get their
permission to use their music film that
put up on YouTube and put it as a video
response to this perhaps at some point
online the one tree hill routine to the
spice girls song wanna be and maybe
possibly put it up online on wednesday
i'll be talking about some books i've
read recently so i will see you guys
then bye
