hi everyone so many many years ago when
I still had all my real teeth and was
living in secret as a squirrel a girl
called pre uploaded a video to add
YouTube channel called advanced the
trail asking a question what influence
is horrible to her in your life the
video i uploaded in response was
probably my 10th video that I'd made on
my channel and now the person who made
that first video breeze now one of my
very very best friends has made a
documentary called finding Hogwarts
which is now available for order and DVD
and blu-ray and she's asking that
question again what impact harry potter
had in your life the last video i made
was a compilation of shots of my room
which was then blue and covered in Harry
Potter stuff I had magazine cutouts in
every box I had puffy and mastery things
I've made but now I've just moved into
new flat and I've had to get rid of a
lot of things in general with the past
few years just because I've been paring
down all my belongings and I don't
really think about my relationships
Harry Potter in the same way because
it's not about me and these books and me
and these actors and these things that I
enjoy about them on some level whenever
I go back to the books my name I read
them that there are still a very
personal thing but for me it's so much
bigger than that the friends I've made
and the experiences I've had there's
there's none of it really that's
untouched by harry potter in some way
our friendships are so much bigger than
harry potter i mean i'm living with
people who are we don't talk about harry
potter at the time but that is the basis
of our friendship and we also have other
basis of our friendship or Basie's i
suppose and to say it's given me
opportunities as a massive
understatement i write phila g cauldron
i wrote for leaky news and it's those
experiences and as well as video
blogging to an extent that have revealed
a real life of interviewing people and
finding out other people's stories and
then on top of all of that being 19
years old and on the red carpet for that
final harry potter premiere interviewing
the best filmmakers and the best actors
in the world you know just complete
Giants ray Fiennes and Jason Isaacs and
Judy waters and all of those people that
has given me masses of confidence and
matters of drive and there's also made
me think that the things I enjoy doing
like writing and reading and video
blogging and speaking to people they're
not worthless and they're not even of
less value than what other people are
doing and that to me was a really
important lesson to learn and I only
like that through this experience is
that I love of harry potter i suppose
opened up for me the chapel it's when
i've been going to the states every year
since 2008 but I went tired and I saved
on I had the opportunity see so much of
the states which is just a huge country
saying different climates and so many
different little neighborhoods within
cities and to see my friends here at the
time of making the first video what only
people
I you know message on myspace and
chatted to occasionally in YouTube
comments link to everything about the
heck watch community is another
community that's really important to me
which is the nerdfighter community i
exploded so much after actually a
deathly hallows that connection between
the harry potter and the nerdfighter
community big parts of those communities
blended over at that moment but without
that cross over there are other friends
i wouldn't have met or maybe I'd have
met them but I won't be as close to them
having those communities in my life has
made me a much more positive person made
me feel more supported as well
especially in the last year it's not an
exaggeration to say I really don't know
what I would have done without these
communities over the past year after
everything that happened because they
just really have pushed me through it
and have made me think outside of myself
and these communities continue to do so
much good and I love that I just really
not that they're also very human
communities it's not i'm going to
pretend that all wonderful things happen
all the time well I think Harry Potter's
give me a love of people and humanity
and and a lot of hope I think if it's
not too cheesy to say i'll put a link to
where you can pre-order the finding
robots DVD in the description bar below
if you do take part of this which i hope
you do they make video response to Brees
video which i've linked in the
description bar below and this video
should be a response trip rather than
making them a response to this video but
i'm gonna go and look through video
responses as well bye guys
