hi everyone so as people started to go
back to university worldwide I've seen a
lot of videos offering advice about the
university experience but I'd like to
offer a few words of wisdom for people
going into their final year of
university which is all together a
different year with a completely
different sensibility about everything
in the world ever these tips come in
three parts part one go to the doctor
pretty much the second you get back into
your university housing go to the doctor
have a check-up I kind of break the seal
that is attending your University doctor
especially if this is your first visit
in however many years you've been at
university you never know you might need
some specialist assistance that year and
also it's good to just keep up with your
health checks because I feel like if you
don't keep up with it in your final year
there's no saying what's gonna happen
after you graduate but everything has to
become a bit less structured and you
feel the urgency of going to these
things less so make sure that you start
a routine of go to the doctor go to the
checkups and if you do actually
generally have any health concerns may
be aided by stress not that bad you is
necessarily going to be stressful and
then make sure you feel comfortable
going to that doctor or find another
doctor nearby part 2 clubs you know how
when you start University and you look
for advice videos and you look for Vice
blogs and things and they say join all
of the clubs you're interested in don't
worry about it during all of the
societies do all of the activities
however or just pick one or two and
focus directly on them I joined quite a
few and then lost interest in all of
them and ended up kind of not
participating in anything that said I
don't feel like I lost out massively
especially because at my university that
make the clubs were sports clubs and
they were you know people who were doing
pretty well at those sports and so I
think if I'd gone with that then I would
have felt really intimidated and well
maybe I should have faced my demons I
dunno but I don't think it was the end
of the world that I wasn't doing all
these clubs because I was so doing
YouTube and I was still writing and I
was - finding ways to do technically
creative independent things in ways to
involve other people and I had this
whole other community as well as a time
look to that make friends with people in
clubs make friends with people who are
that keen about sport see stuff yeah you
might not be able to bond over the
rowing arrangement this morning when you
got to put 7 in did a row
whatever is the technical term is but
that's not the only basis for friendship
I'm related to that as well I would say
in third year especially and you can't
universities make friends with second
years I was lucky enough that two of my
friends I can just go did a gap year and
then came to
later than I did zip meant I had the
opportunity to meet lots of their
wonderful friends and actually ended up
living with some of their wonderful
friends
I find second years inject a certain
amount of energy that's lacking in third
year and enthusiasm for going out and
doing things in a way that made me feel
like you can't keep up with normally
when you're not around on surges any
time tendency to kind of stay in fulfill
like in order Pitzer and things like
that and you do need that energy
injection you do need that idea of
having a really fun university
experience lot of things I can use offer
and pretty good doses part three be bold
and daring where every studied
University this was especially the case
of money University it's a bubble it's
comfortable so in that comfortable
environment do something that you
wouldn't normally dare to do by this I'm
basically talking about asking people
out my final you might have found
yourself with a few regrets about people
you would have liked to have gone out
with over the last couple of years or at
least it's gone for a drink with but you
have that awareness and then one another
opportunity appears a part of me you
still sometimes shy away from it or at
least I did but let me tell you I asked
at my Starbucks for Easter in fact I had
to attempt multiple asking apps in my
cell max barista purely because the
first time I tried to ask him I went out
to the counter and got a nosebleed it
was really attractive unfortunately by
the time I didn't manage to put the
words together do you want to go for a
drink I made it transpired that he had a
girlfriend but I felt really bad as for
doing and it actually gave me a
confidence during my last few weeks at
university that I didn't it was inside
of me someone if you know us anyone out
ask someone else
I know rejection sucks sometimes but
it's also sometimes kind of empowering
in a weird way sometimes these
experiences can leave you feeling
rejected and downhearted sometimes they
can actually be really good and make you
feel like oh yeah I did something really
good today
go me five stars thumbs up guys that's
right and I just thumbs up twice so
there's my three pro tips but the idea
finally or whatever number here you're
on go to dr. don't stress too much if
you have enjoyed all the clubs in the
world or any of the clubs in the world
also party the second is ask your
Starbucks through strap I mean make bold
choices and that's all you need to know
my next video will be up on Friday I am
attempting to do a Monday Wednesday
Friday thing we'll see how it goes and I
never asked this but I feel like I
sometimes should if you like this video
and you can subscribe here and like it
and share it and then please comment its
comments on my favorite part you can
when our membership reply to them but on
Friday
I won't require some comment it's gonna
be good get excited
bye guys
