as lots of you know I graduated recently
and now I'm part of the job hunt there's
a really fun thing when you're applying
for a job and it's called salary
expectations and the question is do I be
realistic I expect to get a peanut three
bits of tissue that have survived the
washing machine and also a refined on my
travel expenses or is it better to be
excessively aspirational I expect a 30k
salary with benefits or a 20k sorry or a
15k salary when I was thinking about
making this video I didn't know what
sounded more aspirational and outlandish
30k or 20 k sad truth is people have to
get used to working for free and there
is no bigger excuse for that band the
economy is bad we're in a bad situation
blah blah blah blah but I work for free
and for minimum wage for years and while
I have loved aspects of it and i have
loved the opportunities that it has
given me it sometimes makes you want to
scream i have value value me yes money
doesn't equal value but it's a sign of
it it's a symbol in our society i'm
worth your money I've been doing it for
six years or more well-versed in social
media than any of my peers I pay
attention to my writing my communication
i work really really hard on it
absolutely love meeting new people i
work with on their team I work well by
myself I'm a really curious person I
want to know more about the world around
me and I want to know more about how I
can be a better person and weighing my
options at this point it seems to me
that my reward for the many years of
hard and dedicated work that I've put in
either at very very low pay or at no
pain whatsoever it's going to be six
months of unpaid internship I which
point I have to decide whether not to
trust that by the end of it I'll be
hired or I'll be offered another job in
a similar sector or that I'll be
replaced by the next intern that they
roll along and you know just feed with
travel expenses travel expenses come and
pay my rent when people had talked to
family members included say that all my
generation is so disillusioned and so
unmotivated no wonder were disillusioned
the illusion of the illustrious
has totally fallen apart and quite
rightly and then to top it off I mean
there's nothing wrong with working
retail there's nothing wrong with
working pubs but when we do say we went
to take that route it's thrown back in
our faces like that's not good enough I
am so sick of it and I'm so sick of
feeling the need to assert my value this
has been a rent goodbye
