everyone if you do well when I want to
take four of the Olympus and it's all
going it's a little bit too exciting for
me I've been really busy up and do you
know work shifts and going to the
cycling Road races on both weekend days
and it was so good at the same old same
old jobs and houses blah blah blah the
sport has been absolutely incredible and
it had me thinking a lot about the
ladies survey again I think I've watch
about two-thirds the responses now but I
still want to watch all of them that I
can find but there are so many people
who don't have a favorite female athlete
and i know that i started this before
the olympics there may be some people
have a favorite former athlete now but i
think that even if you don't really like
sports it's really worth just watching
one hour or two hours of the olympics by
the end of that you will probably have a
favorite female athlete the women had
been absolutely incredible and it was
very apparent on the sunday of the road
race when it was admittedly a bit
Rainier and a bit less nice but I stood
in the same position to the outgoing in
the incoming on the richmond bridge and
then on the curb at richmond park there
were far fewer people and funnily enough
that was the event we're Team GB won the
first medal it was so exciting they want
a silver medal with Lizzy Armstead who
came to whizzing right past me second
only to Marianne Vos from the
Netherlands Mary I'm losses like a beast
of speed but it was thrilling and
terrifying as well as they came around
the curve because it been raining so
much so we thought everyone was going to
slip over and then in the evenings on
the television I've been watching a lot
swimming a lot of the arterial to the
hockey I hate hockey I've always hated
while keeping the head clear at school
but watching it is something else is
speed and the power of the Olympic
athletes is just wow even if it's just
what you know watched before in your
life like archery or like fencing than
you you very quickly learn how to score
that's especially a case i think in
gymnastics and diving when you start to
get an idea of what is a good and
blessed good school one of the best
events i've watched by far was the
women's 100-meter breaststroke final by
the 15 year old hbu Tamela TT from
Lithuania won by just like a lake maybe
not quite alike but quite fine oh she
was a very powerful swimmer so my task
for you guys this week is to watch like
one or two hours of the Olympics chances
are you have a favorite female athlete
by the end of them they leave that
athletes name of the coins and also tell
me if there are any sports that you
watch the meter thick huge enjoy and you
actually did enjoy or vice versa the
other big thing for me yesterday was the
diving sites and dances certain tariffs
so a more difficult dive will have a
high
and then you get marked on execution it
was a synchronized IV as well as and the
wonderful amazing Mexican diamonds
really just blew it out of the water
basically chose to do leave of crazy
high tariffs like difficult dives got
laser points and ended up with a silver
medal which was amazing and even there
was sad that Tom and pizza for Team GB
was squeezed out and putting forth I was
so so proud of Mexico I love seeing
let's go compete because they do get so
much crap and there's so much
stereotyping actually during the women's
road cycling the Mexican woman Ingrid
that xn cycled right past us and she saw
our flag but she looked right at us and
it was just so exciting I'm gonna still
the breakaway of marionville Suzy Amis
debt and I think I can't might be who
else was at the front that time just had
such good youth throughout I took those
photos rather than video that day
they're just really busy somehow doing
lots add many things but also doing lots
of fun exciting writing projects a
couple of you asked me to tell you a bit
more about the contents of norms and
it'll recipe PDF that I put together and
as YouTube user and regular view and
white then he commented it's basically
there's breakfast and then there's main
those dips and appetizer ease type stuff
and desserts and one of you may have
over naan bread already and said it was
really good which makes me very happy my
camera just cut me off it said stop
talking you've been talking too long ok
Julie click on next week ah some of you
have asked that you can like comment and
say hi and stuff of course I love
putting faces to user name so do tell me
your username as well especially if you
comment a lot or even if you don't just
you know tell me your name I want to
meet you it's exciting I'm going to be
quite busy I uncovering the amount to
Nikki news then I'm also on the couple
of panels and then I'm also going to be
dancing my heart out with all of my
friends but you can be my friend too so
you know just come on it's gonna be so
good I'm so excited and the last last
last thing before I let you go off and
watch the Olympics and tell me who your
favorite female athlete is it was only
really area this year that I started
getting back in touch with other UK
content creators and what they were
making aside from my friendship group
and one of the other guys who won
YouTube next logger has a really great
channel I so I just kind of point you in
his direction go check out some of his
videos he does some vlogs and he does
some comedy as well he's called Tim
youtube.com forward slash to make sure
we also do some stuff and GV posters
together technically but I haven't done
any of that stuff in ages because I've
been busy ah and watch some olympic
stuff then come back and comment then we
write a new like subscribe share create
your own website save the world save the
cheerleader fast and then
you save the world oh and then make some
fresh mint tea with some fresh mint
leaves that would be lovely you can now
get this channel by go to youtube.com
slash rosianna how cool is that so cool
I'm going to go off and be a freak but I
will see you guys later bye
