so today the first day of the ellipse I
went to go and see the road race because
it was going on in southwest London
which was new we're in chill out and it
was amazing to say set up all of these
fences everywhere and I got to see it
twice because you saw them on the way
out and swim on the way back I chose
different spots for each the first one I
was on richmond bridge way back i was at
richmond park just by the curve
men's by Christmas but it's very very
low rate is 250 limited
the class is extremely sharp if you've
ever seen cycling lives you know how
ridiculously fast they go the police
cars support cars and pretty much
everyone else on the track was
absolutely speeding their face off such
as the speed of Cyprus and such as a
skill to Cyprus now as I say on the way
back and run this extremely sharp bend
and all the sudden this huge group of
psychosis appears and one of them
crashes into the barrier about two
metres away from us as terrible as those
things look on the screen they
definitely look much much worse in
person especially because there's the
doubt of not knowing whether or not any
was surrounding was going to fall over I
mean we thought literally that everyone
was just going to start crashing into
the barrier and Cancellara this website
does he fell down so so so annoyed but
he's been doing extremely well and way
out from books hill from where I gather
but he was such a trooper and as
everyone's fed off away from him he
quickly got his bike sorted out and he
couldn t jump back on a complete
complete Olympian total respect for him
it was also rather a funny moment
because we had a big Mexican flag and
our big Mexican tops and we was
jabbering away in Spanish as we were
going to do after seeing the first part
of the race we went up to the park and
stay there for about five hours waiting
for the cycads to arriving their way
back even though by that midday that's
pretty much someone at all the crash
barriers a lot of them were only one
person deep and it kind of stayed that
way until the last hour before they
arrived so we're standing there with our
flags and waving as the cars go pass the
support cars getting excited there's
some you had a conversation behind me
can anyone speak Mexican because then
maybe we can ask those people to not
wait the flag so we can see and they
went on and on and on at one point it
just snapped around and said hey we've
been waiting for five hours it's the
Olympics I'm going to try not to bother
people but we're going to wave our flags
and I want you to add by the way
Mexicans don't speak Mexican they speak
Spanish culture yourself ultimately I
was like oh that's not really much point
being pissed off but i just wanted to
turn around give them the surprise of
their lives when I girl have been
jabbering away in Spanish was an English
person and also Mexican person so sort
of matanov in the horror of Cancellara
falling down and how bad we all really
really felt for him it was such a fun
tane after such a beautiful opening
ceremony I loved everything about it it
was exactly what London is to me I mean
there are bits of it that I wasn't
familiar with there was so much of it I
absolutely loved towards one hand a
battery of my dad's passing and at the
entry ceremony live Hayes through his
favorite songs
through his funeral and abide with me
I'm from blowing bubbles and Danny boys
and it's cheesy that sounds I know that
he would have absolutely loved to hear
those songs and and Terrell the hymns
and see the Industrial Revolution he's
hanging us about history as it was going
on it would be like okay whatever it was
really beautiful and I screamed my face
off and JK Rowling appeared and flame
the torch what a spectacle of design
i've been really course twice today the
first one was obviously the flag
situation and the second one was when I
found out that the NBC coverage in the
United States cut the Ameren con the 77
memorial piece the amp choreography
which was absolutely beautiful with and
weirdly I'd have understood a bit more
if they'd cut to advancements and stuff
for me we can't all have the VVC good no
they cut to an interview with michael
phelps and it was apparently a very bad
interview with michael phelps and i
spend the whole time thinking and i know
that my friend jazzaar and a few other
people were more in johnston as well
tweeted next Tweety as well as saying
imagine if there'd been a 911 world and
we'd cut to a random interview something
else I mean the Opera would be
outrageous and it's just a matter of
respecting other people and respecting
on their country so i think that choice
on the part of the NBC editing team was
just really really important and really
insulting actually and it's sad in a way
because even if it hadn't been a tribute
it was such and expect tacular piece of
choreography and the fact that they
didn't even show live and i just know
things got to me i mean it's not my
coverage so it doesn't really matter
that much the games continue tomorrow
it's women's cycling Road race for which
I'm extremely excited I have a lot of
shifts next week so I'm not sure how
much I'm gonna be able to keep up with
the Olympics but I'm definite going to
try as much as possible and I will keep
you updated on here okay bye guys lion
hair is very lyonie today
you
