hi guys so this week I was at graduation
and the talk about jobs continued by the
way to one touching the answer was like
hey so wait you're gonna do your life
especially parents Bob hi I'm just
congratulating your daughter / son why
are you grilling me why and however I
did realize that there are a few
professions that I could actually go
into so first of all professional
catcher
tour guides specifically car tools has a
great trip video treasure may biggie I
entertained the nation of being a car
entertainer Georgia I played this game
in which you had to find different uses
for things that you saw outside the
window and the only thing we had come up
with is different things for a giant
when we looked at a tree sorry the tree
was a giants broccoli and a giant shoe
brush and a giant toothbrush and a giant
earbud and the Giants everything we're
creative people other professions
clearly modeling or just you know a
professional cat Walker
professional cake eater yo she finished
explicity it's a social thing
professional fan of brilliant television
programs look at my cool new t-shirt is
it cool it's so cool a career in writing
excellent fortunes for fortune cookies
especially graduation appropriate with a
science career an excellent drink
preparing specifically gin and tonics I
think I'll just stick to
semi-professional video bloggers I had
such nice time to grad week I'm glad
that my university had a grad leak
because most of my friends from home
didn't actually get a whole week they
just had like a graduation night that
they were not for now I'm exhausted and
also extremely busy so there's me you go
to leakycon I go to be on a couple of
panels just look in the schedule i've
also going to be rushing around doing
interviews and things and other stuff
like that because it's what I do I'll be
filming and talking to people and
foaming and talking to people and then
writing stuff hey my life is great it's
doing a lot of things on my computer and
trying to be outside as much as possible
at the same time because summer has
arrived to London and sadly is also
arrived a bit too strongly in Europe
where there are some forest fires it's
actually pretty sad so you feel that
guilty celebrated the sunshine that
we've worked so hard to receive by
complaining a lot Oh need to hear that
these really sad things happening in
Spain and Portugal and the French
borders and things like that so I think
you're all okay any of you live around
there or a holiday like that we normally
just get about five days of summer and
we've managed to score ourselves an
extra week or so so it's exciting 3a is
one of the situations where I'm doing a
lot of a computer and my mom's was just
like ah you didn't have anything to do
you're clearly not doing anything you
just we can go like for a walk or you
can go get up in the supermarket we'll
do this or that the other which I'm
happy to do by the same time it's just
like no I am doing stuff let me do
things and I can be - like it does
countless work there was so much I'm
doing in here generational and then also
the Olympics like coming round and they
see the torch later of the week and hate
forget some video of that and show you
there are lots of silly things to do
with the Olympics like branding things I
just completely complete disagree with
however and the heart of it it's a
sporting event and I
really enjoying watching this book I
love it I was happy that their British
guy wanted to in France I loved watching
Wimbledon I love watching football like
that sport was great even though I
cannot play it so I'm really excited for
it and I haven't got that much to do
that involves you moving across London
I'm going to see George Watsky perform
one night
so I'm really really angry if the only
picture thanks dad but anything else
it's cool this is cool
we're cool it's great I'm excited yay so
I'm gonna go and do all the important
stuff in my computer that doesn't
involve using Lauren Conrad gifts on
tumblr
and I'll see you guys later bye guys and
thank you for the congratulations on
graduation later to anyone you graduated
or you know managed to bring the news
today Congrats
