hi guys fats and foremost thank you so
much for your responses so far to my
annual ladies survey keep going keep
tagging your friends I was having a
conversation the other day with someone
who I really respect and admire by
telling them how Monday night I was
going to attend a dinner for women in
social media I dinner something
organized by Save the Children a project
comes up to the general umbrella of the
empowerment of women and as long as said
to me we'll don't use the time
empowerment and I being the defensive
leo Gryffindor blonde I even know what
else I am I immediately jumped on that I
felt like that was an attacking it's
what I was trying to do as I broke up
that umbrella term into sizable chunks
and talked about specific projects and
specific targets I realize if that's
maybe angle that we need to be taking
I'm offer me that umbrella term still is
very important for me it's just a good
dry and full spread good focus for me it
also is helping now to break things up
into more specific targets and that is
something that I think they really
achieved at the social media to never
save the children there about 20 bus
they were journalists there were mommy
bloggers there were a couple of video
bloggers as well as me and Becky chicken
all women all with a very strong
understanding of social media and there
was a young woman from Ethiopia was 17
years old and who had been working on
peer to peer education in terms of sex
education in her towns and spreading it
around the cities as well and the
Ethiopian government have actually been
quite responsive with that because
they've raised their legal age for
marriage 289 that doesn't completely or
in any way stop the charges that go on
anyway but it is one of those specific
steps in the right direction it was just
interesting hearing all this information
and hearing lots of very specific case
studies that really make you understand
what goes into the structure it's not a
perfect structure it's not a structure
making funny comprehend but i do think
of thinking in terms of structure is
very helpful as long as you don't
oversimplify it so what once you have
this problem of things going to big like
empowerment and there's been too small
like really over simplified situations
and we were talking a lot about
education and i was reminded a lot of
the big thing i heard when I was growing
up being someone who had Tony Blair's
prime minister during their you know 14
years education education education a
big broad term always like empowerment
and when people say we need to bring
education to these regions it's really
difficult to understand until you have
those case studies you have those
anecdotes one of the Ethiopian woman
there was telling us how a girl in her
class I'm guessing they were 13 or 14
when they had blood on their clothes and
she and her friends are telling her hey
you have to go home and talk to your
mother that's you know that's what you
did when you have that situation when
you start your period you go home and
talk to your mother about it and she'll
explain everything to you there's go on
home to her mother who immediately just
flew off the handle and said who have
you been having sex with his sleeping
around what have you been doing what's
going on and because I mother have been
married or 12 and got married before she
started menstruating and before she had
any sort of sex education which I don't
think she ever had her at any level
anyway she seemed you only started
getting periods after sex equally there
was video footage of girl you had sex
with a boy when I said she was 14 or
maybe a little bit younger and they had
no idea that sex led to a baby got four
months the boy left the girl and she has
this baby and she's you know very very
young girl it's so easy and very
understandable that we fall back onto
this well maybe we're bringing in some
sort of cultural caladiums and by coming
in and bringing this certain amounts of
sex education or certain attitudes to
sex when for yourself the UK has one of
the highest teenage pregnancy rates in
Europe how do we know what's going on
but we have the basic facts and that is
the best thing basic sex education basic
body education for men and women for
young girls and young boys that needs to
be the focus and that is something that
save the children are trying to achieve
at the Family Planning stomach that I
think is happening tomorrow as far as I
understand the Bill and Melinda Gates
Foundation out doing a big push and
family planning especially Melinda Gates
and they're bringing over worldly just
all sorts of countries and to try make
specific family planning targets again
it's complex it's not as simple as
saying we'll send 20,000 condoms to this
place because there has to be an
education system in place that allows
women to feel safe going to get that
contraception it has to be the education
that means that they are not judged by
people for you than just going to get it
but also other medical things like we
take for granted the fact that we have
extremely good health care but people
say that I've wording is that are most
able to deliver babies at 16 or 17 or
temperatures in this country we assume
that that's the same everywhere and
that's some sort of innate natural thing
but in countries that don't have that
same level of health care it should be
at least
years old further things like
contraception and family planning in
general allow for breaks between
pregnancies which decreases the risk of
child mortality also lowers the risk of
people dying in childbirth and these are
children dying in childbirth as well I
mean that's the saddest thing it's 12
and 13 and 14 more girls who are dying
from these really fixable things they
just need a lot of specific care and a
little focus I'm really that this event
is happening tomorrow so many levels
there's so many different things that we
have to do and we cannot pretend that it
is or just one easy words like
empowerment which isn't an easy word and
we know it's complicated but for other
people they see that word and think they
can brush it away but once you break it
down to their me say empowerment
involves this and that and the other
stage it shows what a huge project it is
and how important is and alter the ways
that you can start taking action because
again that's the other side of
dismissing things oh that's too big I
can't do anything about it there are
things you can do in anticipation of the
summit you can sign a petition you can
tweet using the hashtag give girls power
but more than anything you can watch
videos and read articles and educate
yourself and start talking to people
about it and bring it up policing a
women's bodies helps absolutely no one
is legit my health risk its production
of our fellow humans peer to peer
education in the larger sense so I hope
that you will take some time out to read
some of the Save the Children stuff and
sign a petition and I'll leave all the
stuff in the information bar below there
are videos you can watch as well so it'd
be really great if you to pop and so
that's my target for this week be more
specific I'll see you guys a few days
bye
