last time I was on this speech I had
just found out that my father passed
away after 90 hours in critical
condition after having a stroke after
I've gotten the plane to California
after saying goodbye to him and not
knowing it was the last goodbye after
spending most about year abroad there's
not two before and after moment in this
only afters I went on saturday i walked
on santa monica pier and saw the people
thronging and playing and sunbathing i
felt as though that very same Beach
insisted on two planes the plane of
noise and the piercing silence of not
knowing would be after the after the
silence of 10 months ago in a way these
people had intruded and what felt like a
sacred space to me my Cathedral my
energy line whatever you want to call it
but in another way they hadn't because
they can even touch that space Camille
approaching it was on saturday that i
received a filling to prove the
existence of parallel universes parallel
spaces it is a comfort to know that that
space will always be there for me to go
back to and that the silence exists
alongside the noise and the noise
alongside the silence so I'm thankful
for throwing crowds in the Sun wave is a
mighty few drug
