hi guys so I am in la having a whale of
a time with Lexi's alto shop but will
quite happily come in to shop I work my
face is all bad wow that's very
attractive and we do get a little bit
bad but it's okay mother we're fine so
we've had a really great time especially
shape we went to Beverly Hills and felt
very fancy and we went to the Thomas
painting was a painting music television
I got a bit emotional because they have
some West Wing sets back your friends in
record
this is so cool
please
this Margaret's planner they had CJ's
podium and the price riparian and it was
just ah so exciting it was very happy to
see that shut up and what else went to
saks we went to Barney as we went to you
Rodeo Drive
where are we a place Beverly Hills know
what specifically I don't know read a
drive is did you never see frigid woman
yeah every night we went this really
yummy vegan cafe called cafe in which
they also have one in hollywood on
Elizabeth may not told you that if I
really really really really really
really really really rich person your
favorite or have you seen culver city
santa monica and beverly hills I like
that mean girls without scoring some
individuals right your dad has I really
another one you know yes vegan food
nars counters from the West Wing so I'm
having a lot of fun I'm just seeing all
my friends and it's wonderful to be back
here but it is slightly odd occasionally
to see the places where I was last year
when everything was really sad and to be
very happy there apart from the fact
that I just got so emotional being by
cjs pretty I can't really have fun I'm
sorry I haven't made a video things have
been absolutely crazy mainly about home
in London in the UK but I will endeavor
to make more and more videos for you
over this next week otherwise i donate
see John tumblr maybe our panel I'll see
you at our panel yeah you're coming
right next Friday red gone 12 2 p.m. I
can't remember exact through the name of
the room but I think 21 or something
like that and it's me it's Lex uses me
laughing in the corner it's christina
it's haley it's Brittani Louise Taylor
and it's a ed as he was ahead of content
interaction i think at disney or
something very so much that because my
brain is bad no you don't have the exact
title in front of me have a wonderful
day flex went shopping hey now you shop
yesterday and did a little like what his
hands isn't sure it's a hat I was just
it on cj's party say bye
