so as many of you know at the moment I
am sending off job applications and
refining my CV and my general internet
portfolio as it were I've been meeting
up a lot of interview techniques and
things like that and there's this thing
that people tend to do that I used to do
when they ask you what your weaknesses
you say oh it's just some such
perfectionist I can't leave something
alone until it's absolutely perfect
they've had that thousands of times and
as much as that is a weakness of mine
it's not my biggest weakness I think
when you grow up you do just learn more
and more about yourself so more things
to that developing it's not just that
you have the core nature that stays
exactly the same like they do back when
it changes for me it's been so essential
to be around positive people and
positivity something that I've always
struggled with the idea of chaos too
much chaos everywhere and things not
being organized some are connected and
one of my videos recently is saying that
I've been talking a lot about movement
recently it's extremely important to me
and everything I've been reading at the
moment has really helped emphasize its
importance simultaneous to all of this
job application stuff I've been getting
ready to move out the house myself and
my mum salute me at this house and
generally we just need to get rid of a
lot of stuff not just like my dad's
stuff but also our stuff that we've
acquired I have two sisters and we all
just kind of leave crap everywhere but
every time I think I've gotten rid of
enough stuff and I don't really I don't
have a lot of clothes or really that
many like trinkets and stuff I have
mainly books every time I feel like I've
gotten rid of enough of that stuff I get
us it's against to get rid of more and
more and more of it and for a while I
wondered whether I should just convert
to a completely minimalist lifestyle and
have a few key things have my favourite
books and my favorite outfits but that
was it and just like keep it to that
but then I was thinking that if I got
rid of everything and which is still
obviously be a massive achievement for
me I think I'd still have that feeling I
don't think that feeling would go away
by just getting rid of the material
stuff so in my mind though these many
years Cass has been all about like
movement and hecticness and all of that
but what I realized recently is that for
me chaos is things being still and
things being permanent which I don't
really like and I've come to really
reject the idea that anything can be
still that even a photograph which
claims to be still claims to be
capturing things only exists in relation
to other photographs and other images
that we see and then restore everything
happens in sequencing as part of maybe
not something linear but like a big
thing like a big network of experience
and
images and books and Friends and stories
and just all these things at once they
all are one big thing have a problem
with the idea that things are still and
things are permanent which is weird
because I used to think no I had a
problem with the fact that things aren't
still in aren't permanent turns out I
want things to be moving and I want
things to be constantly in motion I want
experiences and friendships to be
constantly in motion I want belongings
to be passing through I don't like the
idea of things being still I don't like
the idea of my body being still okay
thank you ever can be still because we
live on this like spinning globe thing
but things are always happening and
embracing that makes things seem less
chaotic strangely or makes you
appreciate the chaos in a way that isn't
it doesn't conflict with my head we need
to have stillness in terms of time away
from like the noise of our 21st century
society I do think that pretending that
stillness as an ideal can be achieved is
actually really destructive and it kind
of makes you focus on bad stuff Gary
knew I was going with that
apparently I'm trying to sound smart I
just have all this noise in my head that
I'm trying to work through at the moment
because this is a huge transitional time
for me it is the first time I've not
been in education for my whole life it's
not so much finding out how to deal with
that it's just there's so much potential
energy in every direction it's just all
encroaching on itself and the second I
do try and stop it and make it the still
permanent thing like I want a career or
I want this or that or the other and i
and ii i categorize all of those things
as a single still thing that's when i
can't handle it so rather than doing
that it's all about keeping it in motion
I didn't really know whether any of this
video has made sense but that is my head
and vomiting thoughts on to you my
darling audience I will see you guys
later
bye
