hi guys so I'm finally learning how to
use my shiny camera I know I'm probably
getting a lot of things wrong but at
least I sort of know what the iso is and
the aperture and the depth of field and
I'm getting better okay it turns out you
can't just read the manual twice and
like know everything we also have a
really nice sound effect of the water
pump in this room that is something that
we're going to have to learn to live
with I think and basically back at home
basically stunning every day trying to
write CVS and getting distracted there's
too many things in the world to distract
me but over the past few weeks it's a
hydrogen and my dissertation I've been
going out a lot with friends and seeing
lots of people and having a really
lovely time but then I was looking
through my photos and photos of the
people have taken of me there weren't
really that money from the last few
weeks and I know at some point and might
come to regret that but to be honest
it's been nice to sort of live in the
moment there's this thing that people
say I'm not really sure whether actually
originally came from somewhere but it's
the idea that if you're taking pictures
of yourself having fun at the club then
you're not having fun at the club I
associate that with my friend Brian not
because i think it something he does i
think it's something that he said you're
tweeting at some point it's left me
relying on a different kind of record a
different kind of memory equally as
temporary in and in a way equally is
permanent and that is the tradition of
retelling stories and passing them on to
be telling them not necessarily as
gossip just retelling those saying funny
stories that mark your time at
university in other places if i were to
say to you that my last couple of weeks
at university have been concentrated on
strengthening my oral history then the
comments would probably be like this
glog slur so vulgar all back hypocrite
and my response would of course be thank
you / Shakespeare but that's not what
I'm talking about I'm talking about
Homer sort of home and the idea that if
you have to take pictures of yourself
having fun at the club you're not having
fun at the club at the beginning of
second time one of my lectures was like
take pictures take these physical
memories of your time and extra before
you go and although I've had such a fun
few weeks I have a grand total of three
pictures all of which were taken on a
camera phone I get his point because I'm
gonna want to go back and identify these
people and remember specific things
associated with this photographs and
those nights out but at the same time I
am really glad that I didn't spend three
weeks holding my camera up to my face I
have become more fluent in my stories
and in my friend stories of our time at
University and all the things that go
along around
I know people through those stories and
yeah none of those droids are malicious
or salacious just funny stupid sweet
ridiculous University stories
occasionally a little bit disgusting but
there we go a different one of my
friends pointed out to me how judgmental
universities and I think that's really
true but what these last few weeks have
allowed me are those stories without the
judgment there so often the judgment is
so often applied to all and so while I'm
sure they'll be a pointer which I wish
I'd taken more pictures or more videos
at the moment I'm pretty happy with my
choice to listen and to retail and to
share my own stories because I think
there is so much virtue and listening
and that is something that we forget and
while I do aim to get some of those
stories captured on camera and to share
them before i leave University for good
and I will just be in the moment you
know it's like when you get your gigs
these days and you see people holding
out cameras and not really dancing along
I'm not really paying attention to the
immediate experience I'm guilty of that
sometime and you understand it because
you do want to keep these movements
forever but by keeping it forever you're
not keeping it for yourself now and I
just think it's really weird and bizarre
and I think we need to pull ourselves
away from that sometimes I say this as
someone who documents their life so I
hope you were keeping well I'm nearly to
the end of perfume I'm reading it really
slowly because it's just so creepy and
I'm going to learn how to use this thing
bit more so that my lips don't turn
different colors and my face isn't glowy
and you know all of all of that stuff
but it might mean that I have to wash my
hair before I meet videos which will be
sad hi guys the iso is up way too high
right now hey I love you with Christian
Stewart on it
