I just came back from a trip I went to
London to see friends and then I also
went to Corfu in Greece with some of my
friends as well and I went to the Indy
500 yesterday today is my holiday Monday
Memorial Day here in the US so I got the
day off and and it's funny people keep
asking me very kindly especially knowing
how much and the person who runs around
not really giving herself time to chill
out and did you find a holding relaxing
like did you feel like you're properly
class and sleep did you feel like you
yeah do you feel like you chilled out
and the to answer is is no really that's
not what the holiday turned into it
turned into meat just having the space
to feel all of the things I've been
trying to not feel but it also was just
reckoning with myself again not the
first time that for me personally at
least there's no geographical fuel for
my mental illness and so I mean it it's
kind of like cooperating every single
time I realize that it really truly is
it is such a disappointment every single
time I realize it because I want there
to be some big final solution I've
talked a lot about how I've had to dust
and not have to start thinking about it
but how bad to constantly think about it
is managing my predisposition to
depression in other related situations I
want it to be the case that I can go on
this brilliant holiday and suddenly not
be a person whose brain is trying to eat
itself
or at least that's what it feels like
sometimes I want to be person you can
wake up on a beautiful day like it is
today after a full day of exercise
yesterday and just feel good and I also
have been thinking a lot about the
binary we used when we talk about
depression sadness and happiness and so
on the idea that if you're happy you're
not sad
certainly I think if you have you're not
depressed and taken to its extreme that
binary can be used to like punish
yourself in some ways or criticize
yourself and especially from the outside
when people who don't have maybe as much
of an understanding of it look at it it
can be used to kind of condemn other
people so if you have all of this
why are you stop this like how can you
possibly be both x and y at the same
time how can you look like you're having
a great time seem like they're having a
great time in every facet of it talk
about how you're having a great time
laugh and just like have every outward
symptom is of a penis while also still
being depressed or still struggling with
all of the things with which is
stressful and that to me has been a big
thing would to get my head around that I
can be both and that more than the not I
am boat and I'm wiring a wild to some
extent the sunshine for example does
help more hours of light and the day
definitely helps for me more exercise in
my life helps me eating better helps me
taking time to prepare food and taking
time to exercise in time to feel what I
feel and talk about it with therapists
and friends or so and that all helps I
will still be the person who struggles
with the stuff just because of the way
my brain is made up and there are things
I can do to alleviate it and I think
that I could do to ease off the kind of
anguish of it but it's still true and I
just think that after every single
holiday as well as of course like
general holiday blues and so on and I
just kind of in grief so this idea that
I can go somewhere else and I suddenly
won't have to deal with it anymore and
it's interesting to me that the d√©cima
down has become such a you know kind of
tab holes around which to talk about for
a lot of other things because while that
grief is very specific it's something
you're again to some degree a level to
be sad about
or it's at least the kind of grief that
people understand or thinks and
and whereas mental illnesses not really
thought of in that way and mustards own
kind of beginning to be thought of in
that way so it just contains a lot of
other things too when I talk about grief
there's more recovery there although
it's not entirely fleshed out and I
think I've touched in my video about
what should be but there is a framework
that's understood and I think now we're
going battle they're not entirely
perfect to understanding that that's
something that sits with you and this
with you for your life and kind of
influences it in different ways and
that's the way I think about mental
illness as well you know and that's
that's kind of the realization I'm
having to keep going back to and also
the fact that I can be happy things can
be great everything could be stellar but
my dad's still dead like that kind of
feeling that has also kind of given a
bit of the cavalry to the way I feel
about everything my brain is and isn't
doing but it still just leaves me with
this kind of big hole in my heart of
just wanting it to be over and wanting
to never feel this way again and still
feeling that way
oh I don't you want to anyone get
anywhere near this emotional and video
but it's just where I am right now
and it's so frustrating and exhausting
and yeah that's er that's what it is and
it's also not something I think there is
important to take time to like rest and
chill and everything but it's not
something that there are some simple
cure for you don't like a lot of people
realize especially older people just say
like just get more sleep get more sleep
and make sure you're eating right and
like you feel a lot better in there's a
point to which that's true but it's not
true enough it's not going to lift some
permanent switch or even slip some
reliable switch because there's been
weeks and weeks and I've been sleeping
great
meeting very well and to still feel that
complete ship and yeah understanding
that the way we talk about what we're
allowed to feel and the way we talk
about the reeds themselves has been
helpful for me in a hope that some way
in this Monday ramble of someone who's
kind of still wrestling with it other
than something helpful but I'd love to
hear your thoughts about this even if
you why are we disagree with me I would
love to hear your thoughts
I've made some videos that are arguably
less sad over another Channel clearly I
made a video with Daniel Eaton and my
video with him is going to go up at some
point in the near future when I edit it
and they also made a video over a
penguin platform and talking about
critical reader of the kinds of books
that helped me become a more critical
reader and so you can watch both of
those over at penguin platform and at
Daniel J Layton actor whose channel all
right
absolutely racing take care of yourself
right
