over the weekend you might have seen a
couple of hashtags being used and also
you might seen some very graphic images
and video from something called the
houla massacre but I think it's very
easy to get fixated on these images and
then dismiss them rather than get
fixated on them and then find out more
information about them on a slightly
subconscious level we find the idea that
images can be be dazzling and
overwhelming and victimizing are very
appealing because it's helpful to us in
a way it makes us just innocent
onlookers it removes us from being
involved with in the photo there's
something very problematic about that so
I wanted to give a bit more background
about what actually happened with houla
massacre this video is not going to
contain any images or video from the
event and also the first thing you
should do before you watch this video is
watch my secret brother John Green's
video and it gives a really good
contextual history to the last 50 years
or so then you might remember that its
release coincided with the release of
the very first Kony 2012 video it's
worth rewatching you may have seen these
really really horrific images and video
footage of them 32 New children Sunni
children massacred in a place called
hula hula I never quite pronounced it in
Syria who does very nick homes which I'm
sure you've heard a lot about the Assad
regime claims that such massacres of the
work of al Qaeda so on one side you have
the Assad regime on the other side you
have the Free Syrian Army who are kind
of the opposition forces they don't have
the same kind of equipment as the Assad
regime of course because you're sliding
regime is a huge army and the Free
Syrian Army it's just you know they have
access to a lot of equipment but it's
not the same kind of heavy machinery
heavy weapons so when you look at the
attacks that are happening on these
areas a big clue is what kind of white
phone is being used and what's involved
in the fighting there are convoys from
the United Nations observing I think the
called you a un observers I think that's
exactly 270 of them at the moment
there's also supposed to be a ceasefire
in place but many of you and convoy is
being targeted and there's just so many
indications that no one in the Assad
regime has any intention whatsoever to
stick to a ceasefire instead the focus
seems to have shifted from shelling big
cities to shelling collections of
villages or smaller regions where many
anti-government protests can lead to
take place hula is a region made up of a
number of villages and towns the largest
of which has around 40,000 residents
it's about 25 kilometers which is about
15.5 miles northwest of the city of Homs
protests reportedly took place in Houla
on Friday this past friday evening
friday the twenty-fifth this wasn't the
first time that protests had been
happening in
then in the evening fighting began with
heavy weapons such as and this was an
independent today they spoke to general
robert mood who is head of the UN
convoys in Syria rocket-propelled
grenades tanks and heavy machine guns
but also as we can tell from the really
really horrible images of children with
their throat slit nice all sorts of
fighting going on at once many consider
that this massacre will be a very
significant event in the conflict in
Syria I can make things even worse
between us to me and the Alawite such
morning big thing seems to be about a
nick clegg saying that our the Syrians
might not be why did the officials might
not be able to come to the Olympics
which although was preceded by nick
clegg saying on the Andrew Marr show
this morning that the attacks were
revolting still tasty seemed a little
bit tame and you know I've know that
William Haggas since condemned and via
texting like in quite strong termed but
again it people don't seem to be
understanding the context of this is
part of the larger conflict that's going
on and by people I mean sort the general
public and it's really frustrating
sometimes it's hard to get information
of exactly what happened at people jump
to conclusions and things like that but
when you do look at things like
machinery is a good way into knowing who
attacked him and and getting a very idea
of what was going on when you look at
the image you don't have the information
and then once you class image is
traumatic or overwhelming or be dazzling
you then give yourself a luxury of not
having to look for that information and
I think that is dangerous and I think
that's political and turbulence that was
like what my dissertation with the bow
because I think there's something really
dangerous about having that approach to
images you are actively letting an image
take away your power of action I really
liked the independent cover it was very
strong headline but then also had a
warning about their graphic pictures
inside the observer on the other hand
did have a picture but that's just down
here and just not really I don't where
you want to put it on camera right now
it's two different approaches to
journalism N and it's a conflict of
knowing whether including these images
is helpful or not and it's it's just so
difficult it's really difficult decision
to make journalistically and in such a
case when there isn't enough awareness
about the situation even though people
say oh yes area there's a conflict on
that oh yeah the hula mascot is like
people no keywords but they don't know
the background and they don't have the
impetus to go and find out about
I didn't want to read the note from the
edge of independent by publishing this
extremely upsetting image we may shock
many readers you may think we are guilty
of bad taste we believe that rarely we
need to be shocked we need to consider
the international community's failure to
protect these children to come out and
say look we do have to justify the use
of this image we do have to justify its
inclusion it's not just another story
being told just because these people
aren't in our community doesn't mean
that it's more okay for us to show these
images we just have to include them
because of the political situation the
fact that people aren't paying attention
to the gravity of the situation or or
just the fact that there's a collective
sense and no one knows what to do no one
knows what needs to be done in that
situation when we don't know what to do
the answer is and I'll just focus all
your attention on other things that are
going on and things that might be sexier
and more interesting like the love stone
choir whatever which I also think is
really important the fact that we are
still asking why does during my hunt
still have a job doesn't mean that we
can't be asking what are we going to do
about Syria and we shouldn't need these
images to shock us into this realization
it's not as though hula is completely
separate from home and it's not as
though this is the only situation in
which villagers have been attacked
drivers cities it just seems to indicate
it's a change of strategy these children
have their throats slit shows an intent
that they're not collateral damage in
the situation do let me know your
thoughts and comments and do let me know
your thoughts on the fusion of
photographs like this as well a light
sunday video everyone
