hey guys so did it how many of you have
watched care tricks video about the U
star scam I only found out this morning
and I was really really upset I like a
video in the description bar below you
may remember that Christina came over
here for a few days last year because
she was stopping up her way to Poland
and this year they invited me to go as
well as well as Lewis of other youtubers
to basically promote video blogging to
large part the reason why I'm able to
afford to go to Chicago because they
were going to pay for my flight from
pole into chicago and about half an hour
after finding out i emailed straight
away i was home please take my name off
that list because there was no way that
I am going to be involved in this this
year I'm still going to matter to make
out to Chicago a bit like it's just
annoying because I really want to go to
Poland I really wanted to meet people I
was really excited for a trip that
sounded too good to be true and actually
turned out to be too good to be true
anyway I have thousands of other amazing
experiences to harm and I'm very lucky
to be able to work my way around this
really shitty situation but the funny
thing is when a bad mood comes along
when I'm in term time or when I have a
lot of work on I find it so much easier
to negotiate that bad mood because i do
just threw myself into my work and I do
focus my attention elsewhere and use
that as a way to prove myself when I'm
in a bad mood in the summer holidays or
as now after University I tend to just
sit around not really do much not want
to talk to people and its really really
unhealthy I'll just like stay in my room
watching stuff on BBC iplayer there's
not even lethargy it's just not caring
whatsoever so today I am attempting to
kick my bad mood with you guys in tow
this morning I ran my 5k my daily 5k and
I did it in a really nice route along
the key as I've said ten thousand times
before it is really nice that running is
something but I can do now although I do
find it's much better when i'm running
for positive reasons i do have something
to be really really angry about it is
night of able to pound pavement as they
say is i think 24 degrees here annexed
Earth completely slathered with fact 240
because it made running a bit difficult
but I went running about seven or eight
rather than right now which is 1130 so
the peak of sun times well the good son
energy is passing through me I feel like
a plant kind of rock towards the Sun I'm
definitely a sunbae that I hate I really
hate the cold
so it helps at the world is really in
gross and horrible
there are not negative aspects
especially someone who's used to living
in much bigger places but one of the
things I do really like about it being a
small places it's really easy to track
your way around it so I get really nice
and look over there is a bridge that I
was just next to you and you always map
yourself as you walk just kind of I
don't know it's like a thrill to it and
thrill for a city girl and that is so
healing as well it makes that a little
easier so you would get much more like a
Vista
guys I found Hogwarts
someone's had a little campfire like a
lot nice needle over there as well I was
hated family walks I'd like to move in
stuff like that feel like you have to be
in a very particular mood for a walk and
then if other people are like dragging
you one you can't like artificially
create that made your mindset but now my
mold enjoying Baltimore Timmy what's
wrong with me astrologer Anya really
picked up my rage until I got home I
started writing CDs and job applications
yay why does real life always intrude
I'll see you guys tomorrow bye
