the West Wing the Queen All the
President's Men commander-in-chief
bikini feels the Kennedys to some extent
deep impact Yes Minister the thick of it
I love political dramas I've never
really works out why when you start to
find things in terms of genre it all
gets a bit like contrived and weird to a
very large extent you could argue that a
lot of Shakespeare's political drama my
favorite Shakespeare play Hamlet deals
with a lot of like a send up to you and
political troubles and things being
brought up in states of Denmark and so
on lots of books and television programs
and films and things like that that
wouldn't necessarily be classified in
the political genre have let's go aspect
them and raise many of the same
questions that political dramas raise
themselves I also really like the Ides
of March that's nothing to do with the
fact that Ryan Gosling is beautiful in
it I recently finished reading all the
President's Men what it's one of those
things that I think for a lot of people
for my generation at least it's very
much in the background noise of
consciousness like you know there was a
scandal you know there were 18 and a
half minutes missing you know maybe that
it involved burglary in terms of the
intricate details of the money that
passed hands and the names and like how
it all became uncovered that's what all
the President's Men is really really
good at it's for the perspective of to
washington post journalist the ones who
uncovered that and it is telling a very
specific story from that publications
perspective so obviously it should be
taken for granted as simple truths and
in that vein I'd be really interested to
find out whether there are any fantastic
books about do you know the New York
Times uncovering and the LA Times
uncovering it but the Washington Post
does play a very particular role
especially because of the attacks that
the press secretary made against
Washington Post trying to discredit it
and the famous deepthroats I think I
really love about it the same thing I
love in all my favorite films that weird
chaos you get while you're reading it
and you don't really understand all the
characters at first and you think you're
going to have to keep flicking back
there's a character list in the front of
the book much like you would see in a
play that's also a technique that's used
in books like I know seein annuals this
all over have I already am glad to go
mad gifts course outlining things make
your work for you can go into the book
that is going to be chaotic and there
are going to be lots of names and you
will have to pay attention but then you
get to the Danube on and it's so
beautiful because suddenly everything
makes sense and you don't need to flip
to the front and you know the story
you've got it kind of embedded in your
head and some weird cryptic cipher way
I'm starting to think that my
appreciation for political drama has a
lot to do with structure what the
function of narrative is the function of
languages and also ideas of like
Socratic dialogue and big holes in
people's arguments and having a lot of
sequences
and questions going back and forth
strong dialogue is so central to my
appreciation of a political drama and
again to kind of hug back to Hamlet a
little bit it's a very theatrical
dialogue and that's shown very clearly
for example by the fact that Aaron
stalking began writing plays frost/nixon
was originally a play at the donmar
before they turned into a fantastic film
that I really enjoyed just because it's
really nicely edited I think it's very
easy and very mistaken to say that
politics is about right and wrong in
different conceptions of right and wrong
because that radically over simplifies
what's at work politics isn't about
right and wrong it's about argument and
it's about persuasion it's about
narrative and dialogue and strange
notions of vision the idea being that if
you have a narrative if you present a
persuasive narrative and appealing
narrative whatever you presumably have
that moment of janu Mont where
everything falls into place everything
makes sense you have all the answers you
may not quite understand absolutely
everything but there is a sense of
direction and clarity and linearity that
I think we seek out and of course within
those narratives they're not perfect
representations of the truth or anything
like that as a lot of oversimplification
there's a lot of new problems ultimately
the question is how convinced are you
when you finish watching when you finish
reading when you finish you leaving the
play all writing is persuasive writing
whether the attempt is to persuade you
of a political position or a particular
outlook on the world and they involve so
many levels of persuasion the world
creation for instance the character you
need to be persuaded about everything
that needs to happen is strangely subtle
and unnoticed way well as paradoxically
it's seeping through every page and
every aspect of the story or maybe yeah
that's why political dramas are so
appealing to me because they most keenly
highlight that function persuasion at
work how people create these stories and
it's rather meta because you know that
there's this other story being created
within it so maybe there's something a
little more rational than previously
thought about my attraction to political
dramas let me know what you think in
comments also let me know of your
particular favorite bye guys
