oh I should think right so I was at
University and my mother said that there
was very big box and then wife me and
and I had an evening off I thought I'd
come back to London for a night in for
my books and of course see my mother
none is that about item is an optical
microfiber cleaning cloth curious oh my
god don't make a camera i wanted that
like oh my god kevin 65 Wow see for
anyone who really oh this is amazing
yeah and then they can either see you
see 30 give me UV protector celta
sunshine and lens
no you giggle good they can do a mighty
they do all night working on google
hangouts which is like a video chat than
microphone it's a good sound ng but
entered a dream wasn't me 462 hey that's
immature I used to like what I walk past
Jessup's and sometimes a guy and I look
at it and I go and then a rig which is
like makes it easier to fill makes it
steady looks like O'Connor so that's
exciting
