hello boys and girls today we're going
to talk about sluts now there's been a
lot discussion around the web sluts
recently especially on the internet the
idea of slut-shaming the slut walk a
discussion that also peach when Tina
favorite Mean Girls and asserted that if
you call each other sluts and whores you
make it okay for guys to call you sluts
and whores anything that needs to be
that much explanation as to why it's
just a sexist and completely valid time
to call someone a slut as a judgemental
assertion or how much sex they're having
that measures it against some weird
arbitrary standard what is a normal
amount of sex to be having or what is an
appropriate amount and that's just
completely subjective it's a weird witch
hunt mentality and no one really knows
what the lines are but people feel like
they are qualified to say that person's
a slut and they say person but really I
mean women because there's no equivalent
term for men a lot the time it's like
man whore or joking late that guy's
acting like such a slut right now yeah
technology of the word slut is a little
bit difficult and weird and
multi-layered and changes them all in
the 200 years after its first year it
means kind of dirty slovenly woman it's
connected with the dialectical Swedish
work slaughter which means idle one is
funny that lethargic and slot are joined
by idleness and how inactivity seems to
link all the bad things so I guess when
we think of the word slut now we think
of it as an active thing as something
that involves too much action rather
than too little action and again tracing
set emoji seems to not just be in
regards to sex or in regards to sex at
all jalsa describes an untidy man as
sluttish not exactly the sort where we
would use the word today according to my
research it seems like slut became a bit
more of a judgemental time in the mid
15th century and then by about a 1660s
it returned to its users like a really
fun and playful time for describing
other people and had nothing to do with
morality in fact the online etymology
dictionary which is a really great
source has this quotation from pizzas
diary that says our little girl Susan is
the most admirable slush and pleases us
mightily for 325 60 and 64 but now what
is negative and is this big fight to
reclaim it somehow because I think there
are two options you have to directly
persuade people that the use of the word
slut is unacceptable inappropriate and
judgmental and nasty and kind of
perpetuates is really unfair standards
between men and women of how many people
women around have sex with and how many
people men or a lot have sex with as
well as the idea that it's anyone's
business something that American
politicians are having really hard time
coming to town
I think the other option if you're not
going to persuade people that it's not
okay it's a stop letting it be an insult
which is so much easier said than done I
know but this has kind of been my
philosophy with everything the past few
months see how I'm taking the I'm rubber
and you're glue whatever you say bounces
off me and stick to you approach to the
world involves genuinely not
sarcastically saying thank you to anyone
who calls you a slut it involves
creating many lines for much show up
nothing I wonder that you will still be
talking insert name here nobody marks
you courtesy at South must convert to
disdain if you come in her presence I
had rather hear my dog barking to crow
that a man's where he loves me a bird of
my tongue is better than a beast of
yours etc etc etc just relate man it
would be so much more interesting if you
referred to me the lady just stayed and
spoke in iambic pentameter then if you
just call me a slut like how lazy is
your language that's the worst thing you
can say to me that I am a person who
likes to sleep with lots of people
whether or not that's factually accurate
that's really not an insult when you
pick it apart and the fact that we let
it become an insult just makes it even
more ridiculous than bizarre so I
propose Thank You is the accurate
response to someone accusing you of
sluttish pneus I think in a way eza
became the model for my life and my
approaches to the world Olive
penderghast is my hero well in the sense
that it's the best written film of all
time or it's the best certain characters
of all time what's the least problematic
story of all time but just that I really
like her approach to the world they want
to call me a dirty skank fine I'll be
the dirtiest lightly I've ever seen I
think that's the approach that we need
to take when we're tackling women's
issues women's rights issues and rights
issues in general you're going to accuse
me of something that I don't even
believe should be an accusation I'll do
whatever you want for for your hopes and
dreams may be without the prostitution
aspects of it but still it's always nice
when we can do something for prostitutes
and also like to add that there are
funny ways that sluts can come into
conversation for example yesterday I was
getting ready to go out with my friend
Becker and she was annoyed that some of
her friends wants slutting up to go out
so the set of Manning up you slut up
like that I think it's really nice use
of the term and firing let's experiment
with my new approach to the word slut
hey Lex that you're a slut like a monkey
today so that's kind of my not at all
complex opinion on sluts if you have any
complex or non-complex opinions on sluts
then leave them in the comments also I'm
really devastated to find out that Dan
Harmon has less
community and will no longer be sure
Rhonda he's been replaced a showrunner
community is one of my favorite
television programs it's really well
written yeah it's just sound that they
would take that away from him I mean you
know it was one last season that we were
getting and they're going to replace him
what like what what what's the point
what's the point I mean I'm keeping
fairly open minded because they do have
some really good people in to replace
him at the same time like it's his show
so don't take it away from him bitches
boy this video is really gonna help me
against recent accusations of my
vulgarity but I read it care so yeah
five
