but we didn't really describe myself as
an angry person I have moments of feisty
fierce rageful rage but and all the time
I kind of just yield as I mentioned in
another video that I did quite a long
time ago now like every year ago
something about anger that can be very
consuming and why I do wonder whether
anger can be used in the right way
because you know Virginia Woolf argues
that anger is detrimental to female
writing and I don't think that's
necessarily true i jus just think that
anger has a lot more negative effect in
my life than positive event today a
number of things happen that caused all
this rage to come out of me that I
didn't even know I had I've been joking
that since I've been painting up this
rate from nine months which nine months
since my dad died that today I gave
birth to a rage baby boy I thought of
that analogy the more it made sense
because it demands a lot of things with
you like it's constantly wanting your
attention when you have something that
makes you that angry it's almost a lot
easier to just pretend it doesn't exist
but you get to a point after you've
panned out for that bomb that you can't
ignore it that you have to acknowledge
it you have to dress it you have to make
it stop somehow so I did things I know
me too i watch television I went for a
run i did some reading i sort of friends
taking the back of my head is this
annoyance that I just haven't really
dealt with it's not just one or two
things it's a whole range of things that
I've just kept playing on the side there
wasn't rage and a Bruce Banner kind of
way it was raised in a Harry Potter in
the order of the phoenix kind of way
more worried about you know injustice
the general unfairness of things which
is in itself a bit unfair because i have
been a very fortunate person and i have
lots of things that i am lucky to have
like live in a country with health care
i have family I have friends I have this
camera I have you guys in general I have
skills have commitment i have drive all
of that but then while yielding is so
important and while i have really
focused on that for such a long time and
kind of self-control and and not closing
things away you but realizing that there
are certain ways to react to situation
and range just because it's your first
reaction might not necessarily be the
right one i think i'm kind of forgotten
that sometimes maybe she might not
necessarily be the wrong one either
today was a day of self realizations and
range babies and again it's one of those
situations where I you feel like you
does change this baby's nappy then all
of a sudden it makes it messy again so
you feel like you've just sorted one
thing out you feel like you've just
solved the problem
no there's anyone like oh yeah it's just
exhausting but it's not something that
is solved by saying this is why I'm
angry or even by sorting out directly
it's just by accepting that sometimes
and each not just keep everything hold
up and and to keep calm and carry on
because you know the british way isn't
always the right way it's a right way
99.99 and I 99 99 percent of the time
but that teeny teeny 0.0000 Sarah series
everyone everywhere you know how many
series upset that it's okay to feel rage
as long as you're not breaking anyone's
face or like directly attacking anyone I
stand by that there are good forms of
anger and the anger isn't necessarily a
totally simplistic seven deadly sins
type of thing and yet haven't really
managed to formulate when anger is
accurate or useful or desirable I think
a lot of it involves channeling rather
than denying but I don't know if you
have any thoughts on the function of
anger let me know in comments I hope you
guys had less rage-filled days and that
if you were filled with aya that has
dissipated somewhat by this point bye
