hey guys it was kind of a beautiful day
today and you know what good capitalist
girls do when it's beautiful day outside
shopping so now some of you might be
concerned that this is becoming a waxing
gossip girl shopping channel but I'm
sure all of you even the Communists
would agree that this was a valuable
money spending exercise normally I
prefer the local independent places but
this time when I went there they didn't
have the selection things that I kind of
wanted and I succumbed to a chain so let
me share with you the products of this
sunny day ow blueberry atlantic blue
from Spain 3min pocketing savory seed
mix two grapefruits two more grapefruit
oh hey dude grapefruit screencap um what
else in here what else in here cucumber
also from Spain everything's from Spain
hey what's the net Spain you gave us
like equalized with these so you know
watch out wash your cucumber carefully
cashew nuts I love these things put
these on all of your cell it's all of
them all the time all the time i also
have almonds downstairs i did buy from a
local place that are also great in
salads and on breakfast and I'm dinner
and on lunch and on snacks and on you
know your tongue hummus adds more hummus
oh my god all of these carrots for 78p
here this one two three four five six
seven eight nine nine carrots again they
all go to be amazing especially with my
hummus and what more could it go on oh
really what more and that's it apart
from book I'm reading which I didn't
hurt you by got from the library but
it's all the president's man and it's so
good you've no ammonia tiny way in
because I get distracted by the food
seriously that's my favorite kind of
shopping apart from book shopping it
makes me happy I get a lot of questions
and tumblr things where I post up
pictures of the kind of food I make
people asking me why what made me decide
to go raw may retire to get vegan I'm
not really strictly any of those things
and it's more the fact that the people
in my house are disgusting like I live
with three boys you just do not clean up
after themselves our kitchen is always a
state and the tiny store at last it was
I there was one girl who lives here and
she was kind of quite gorgeous and
helped me out with cleaning up
everything just went to the point where
just don't wanna picking that so for my
practical side of things things that
need minimal preparation like raw meals
and it's that stuff that I can
just do in my room to take the stuff out
the fridge and then do it all in my room
that is the main motivation for my
choice so I'm actually kind of excited
to cook stuff when i get home and but
for the next two weeks it's gonna be
brought it's gonna be so raw i love
grapefruit maitre foster harper i want
to put them all in my mouth at the same
time like a hamster not like anything
else it's a good thing I don't do that
with carrots and I used to hate
blueberries and now I'm actually
addicted if you don't like something
just keep eating it because then you'll
like it I promise you that's how happens
if its fruit if it you know its carcass
that's just weird like you does that
give me two animals freaks I love you
because I'm in such degree today I also
reward myself with buying a prepared
lunch which is a vegan for some reason
they decided that it needed milk net but
it's a HOSA falafel wrap from boots and
it is one of my favorite pre-prepared
meals ever you can get it hot the meal
deal so if you choose you can get
innocent smoothie with it I mean these
are totally healthy for you they have a
lot of sugar in them but they taste
pretty good i also get a pack of gum
with them because who doesn't need gum
at some point in their life my birth bye
guys don't even George me about possible
I am yeah if you want to read my
thoughts on it i'll put a link nip down
yeah yeah composed composed composed an
adult i do not have to care this video
was inspired by my friend stare at all
and i love sarah about as much as i love
Ryan Gosling and semicolons and that's a
special kind of love that I reserved for
very few people like Ryan Gosling and
semicolons you can check out her CVS
haul video which i have looked down
below
