hey guys so today we're going to talk
about waxing which is one of these
things that people find really awkward
to talk about I suppose in a way because
people consider an element of the
private sphere if you were to talk about
a guy like shaving his beard then that's
not a private thing I know there's lots
of arguments that removing body hair is
like fundamentally an anti-feminist
thing in part because the concept is
kind of creepy returning the female body
to the child's state the prepubescent
state I think by talking about making
sort of desexualize ER and take away
that weird stigma from it that actually
reinforces the like the bad patriarchal
shit that goes on with it but also
sharing some useful advice I know I
weird about body half an attitude that
was cultivated through secondary school
I have friends who shave and wax their
arms a lot of people I know epilate so
but waxing is one of those things that
for me makes the most sense because if
you want your hair to grow longer you
know how they always tell you to trim it
why would you do that with your body
hair like why would you shave it if it's
gonna grow back stronger and thicker
rather than you know doing what you're
supposed to do with weeds dig in and
pull it out of the root that's what
waxing does now I can tell you anything
about the Battle of Hastings other than
that happened in 1066 mainly due to that
catchy phone jingle from the television
however I can tell you about waxing you
can trace laxing back to a lot of
Egyptian Greek and Mesopotamian society
in the British Museum you can actually
go and see some early razors I think it
was either they use the mustard that's
actually called sugaring now I think
involved honey and oil and that's how
they ripped it off rather than wax my
fav form of waxing is the hot wax where
you put on a bit more wax than you would
if you were doing strip waxing then the
beautician or whatever just rips off the
wax rather than using a strip and then
ripping off the strip it's really good
if you have sensitive skin and I think
it's just kind of generally better for
you when they started doing that these
two put all the wax that they use back
into this machine that would then kind
of recycle the wax and even though
waxing is really hygienic and there's a
lot of like good hygiene points about
body hair removal be using other
people's wax it's kind of disgusting and
bad for you it's just awful and
generally not anything if you're a
student that you can also get student
discount I get 10% 15% off every wax and
it is so worth going into a salon so I
started by using those at home kits and
I've tried pretty much every brand and I
can say that every single one sucked
every time that I use that wax that you
put in the microwave to heat up and you
use a lollipop stick or whatever to do
it that has burnt me the other option of
this strips and all the strip's suck
because they don't actually pull in your
hair out you just get the wax to like
stick on the little bits of hair you
might pull out about like 10% of the
hair you have
you'll notice and it's especially gross
if you've been growing out your hair so
that you could have a wax casually rip
out your leg a lot at the time you'll
actually just pick out your skin instead
of your leg when you're scraping off the
wax because it won't come off if you're
still determined to do wax at home then
I would say the V are the best of the
worst and there's a brand called like
naps or nads or something that's just
like the worst thing that well so
completely avoid that because those wax
strips don't work for shit as I say I
think the best thing to do is to go to
be sat on line oh yeah it's a lot of
money up front and you might not think
that it's worth it but if you keep
waxing then your hair doesn't grow back
as thick you end up spending less money
on razors and things like that and your
legs and whichever other parts of you
choose to wax are soft and silky smooth
and it is wonderful
waxing now the final level of this whole
experience is the beautician client
relationship especially if you're going
for something a little more intimate
like a Brazilian or a bikini or a
Hollywood if the first place you go to
has a way beautician and try it
somewhere else
it's most important that you feel
comfortable especially because it's
really vulnerable when you have like
your leg above your head and whatever
the first place I went to taught me that
I should get Botox and laser hair rip
and I'm like you're putting fucking hot
wax on my body and you're telling me
that even that's not gonna remove the
ugly hairs on my body not that
everyone's hair is ugly just that
there's no words to describe how
insecure that experience made me feel
and it took me a lot of courage to go
and find somewhere else and the other
elements about the reason why she
mentioned Botox and laser hair removal
is because those were services that that
particular beauty salon offered it also
offered vajazzling so i don't know
whether that's an indication of what
kind of quality salon it was it's not
the way I feel about youtubers who
really sneakily use product placement
and stuff like that they take advantage
of the fact that you're in a vulnerable
position or you are relying on their
service and then I'll try and sell you
shit maybe completely innocently because
that's how they spend their day and they
like to talk about their job but more
often than not you kind of get the hard
sell which again is really weird when
you have your legs above your head to go
and prepared and ready to say no thank
you or that's not something I'm
interested in there are a couple of
character traits that you can kind of
put up with for half an hour especially
with younger beauticians they tend to
tell you how drunk they are and about
particular anecdotes that involve them
being drunk it's not because beauticians
get drunk more than anyone else it's
just because they want to you know
identify the fact that you're young they
want to get chummy and let you know that
it's all okay and you can chat to them
and tell them about whatever and you
don't have to feel embarrassed which is
nice but it does get annoying when
they're like oh yeah and I got drunk of
this weekend I got drunk in that place
and where she liked you're gonna get
drunk whom do you fall down and get
their grades on your knee because you're
drunk the second type of wire is the
grandmother figure
youngest grandmother figure I've had is
about thirty they want to take it upon
themselves to become this advice vessel
and to be honest that sweet and it would
be so bad if it weren't intermingled
with this with salesperson cross
reference also robbing product promotion
crowd sometimes you spend the whole
half-an-hour and whatever thinking about
their motivation
only being nice to me because they want
me to feel comfortable and not to feel
pain and to feel a bit more in control
of the whole situation
where are they being nice to me because
they want to sell me things we've grown
up in a very advertising dominated age
and we've had to become very aware of a
door but again it's a kind of different
situation when you have your leg over
your head in comments tell me your worst
beauty salon stories or any kind of
similar you know Eric day any any Alec
don't you feel like sharing
tomorrow I'm talking about University so
also in the comments leave any questions
you have specific University raise your
questions and have a lovely Saturday
evening everyone bye guys
