earlier today my friend peacock who also
lives in London gave you a call and said
that she was going to be driving back to
eggs today and would I like a lift never
being one to pass up the opportunity for
a road trip I said house yeah
our beds are empty too
words of the time
as I've spent three hours this evening
dancing we may be listening to modify
them watching the sunset over alien
stones and above all spending some
really quality time with one of my
really good friends here at uni it is
starting to feel like a goodbye it is
sort of drawn out weird goodbye coming
back to an increasingly empty room here
and feeling myself so excited for
everything that's to come it's not quite
limbo but I think that's the best way to
describe it but now I had a really
lovely evening and I hope you guys duty
tomorrow I'll be talking about waxes and
all sunday i'll be to promote university
even if your weekend sucks you have
those two bright topics to look forward
to how excited are you so excited laters
guys
you
