hello ladies and gentlemen I hope you
are doing well and first and foremost we
must address the comments from
yesterday's video there was a grave
error in my videos yesterday which many
of you pointed out miss independent is
by Kelly Clarkson and it has two
Bedingfield wrote a song called I'm
single both of which kind of sound very
similar and if you mash them up would
mash up easily like measured and mashing
peas they would mash up like peas with
Matt mash mash mash second point of
order is that a lot of you thought that
I missed off Ryan Gosling off their list
you're so mistaken right buzzing and I
go way back I mean he was really there
for me the whole time that I was writing
my dissertation he was so supportive
especially in the final crucial days
he's just one of the nicest men I've
ever met my life boyfriend and
girlfriend is to conventional for a la
v√≠a no I didn't forget him we're just
already you know involved just kind of a
secret but you know their ego third
order of business ice cream mmm forward
I would like to make an ice cream truce
to the asshole they said I put away hmm
good now all of these lovely people will
probably be telling me right now to not
feed the trolls there's a difference
between troll and I'll talk this person
fell to the asshole count he also found
to the factual inaccuracies camp because
I don't know what special wisdom you
think you are endowed with by looking at
a computer screen but I have never been
a best shape in my life I have in fact
lost right gained muscle get running
every morning and eat like a goddess but
because the sky just was like so
ridiculously high and mighty or whatever
then I'm you know eating this firm
mm-hmm I'm just not taking care of my
body you know this day I'm just gonna
maybe I'll follow this up with like a
box of donuts do you use think coke 17
slices of bread a cake some flapjacks
and brownies my body isn't my central
source of confidence it never has been
but I am so over the stage where some
pathetic little person in YouTube
comments it's gonna take they can get to
me by telling me that I've put on weight
it's not about an important comment and
what's more you didn't hurt my feelings
right thing because I know your
fellowship but today's but I'm rereading
divergent by Veronica Roth the sequel to
this insurgent is already out even
though they have this really cool cover
for the UK paperback originally they
just recently redid the cover and it's
so ugly and the second one insurgent
looks like the new fast copper and it's
just so ugly the US cover for insurgent
looks
a lot like this so I'm going to be
waiting until I'm in california in june
i finished it breaker which is currently
helping to work as my tripod
breaker was nice because it's a little
bit different from the normal dystopian
that I had been reading but it does
again fall into that sort of slightly
predictable vein that noise is the
boiler by the way occasionally it was a
bit preachy I think again it's that
thing that across universities which is
really lying where it sort of harks back
to the mistakes that people were making
now in a way that wasn't really
necessary because anyone who was reading
it could tell that you know certain
things were implied you don't have to
say oh the people back then only knew of
sort of thing it's kind of like a and
where it was really hard to locate where
the story was set at first but I'd know
a third of the way and get more and more
clues about where it sets and the choice
of location i think was racing because
it tied in with a event that would have
happened a few years with all this book
came out I didn't know how to be a bit
less fake break is basically break
apart the stuff on these ships that wash
up on the shore they get out of the
copper to get out anything that's worth
saving basically metal that has
entrusted and one of the light crudes
probably the best of a light group
called nail oh who's the one of the
protagonist of the book gets himself
into a tight spot very early on and also
quickly establishes ideas of royalty and
crew and family and that sort of thing
it's just a bit was a good book it I
enjoyed it but I didn't always say as
out this world but that might just be
because I've read so many just open
books but if you do still want it just
open book but you want something
slightly different I would say go for
ship breaker doesn't take too long the
font is quite big and it's only 350
pages so now I'm going to get into this
and I'll see you guys tomorrow bye
thanks for the wonderful feedback I'm
glad you guys are enjoying this as much
as my crazy brain is enjoying you too
bye
