it's a bit past my bedtime it's a few
minutes past 11:00 it had a busy morning
doing various things and went for
breakfast with my mother I then went to
prick game with Caylee hung out in the
cafe for a few hours just catch a nap in
a ditch and now I'm just walking through
and looking like a tourist with my
camera sucks for you tumbler
okay back hurdle now when went for
dinner with lek
Sykes was telling me about a recent
experience walking past about two people
outside a pub and I've been thinking
you're not recently about how much
things have changed especially think
about how recent the smoking ban was I
still remember which parts of the
restaurant was the smoking area in which
part wasn't the fact you can go into
pubs now and come out not smelling of
cigarettes it's really weird
been smoking for me it's a big deal
because I'm asthmatic and it has a lot
of effect on me I think it's always had
particularly bad associations
I think the terrifying adverts worked
really well on me no one today smokes
because they believe that it's good for
them it's a decision you may have to
agree with hazel grace Lancaster when I
say not being able to breathe sucks that
wasn't the point of this that's how you
can make decisions for yourself because
you know that you are you you know you
can make decisions for yourself you know
you can the point was that now people
don't smoke in sight they go to
accoutred and David Mitchell was
actually talking about this on the
Graham Norton Show not that long ago he
doesn't like it because he's a nonsmoker
and all the interesting people go and
have a chat outside but he looks after
their things with all the boring people
that's not quite my problem my problem
is that walking past a pub where people
go and smoke outside the firm instead of
going to like a smoking garden or
smoking patio walking home from places
or even just getting to the station has
begun to feel more and more like a
freakish uncomfortable parade it's red
and I think it's properly shouted out I
get addressed directly or anything like
that or any of my friends do but it's
still very conscious of being kind of on
show but it's okay because of smoking on
the side so it's a work force just like
hang around and watch I don't know I
don't know what I'm just in a really
paranoid state about that at the moment
and it begs the question for me is it
possible to feel safe and still
uncomfortable or is the feeling of being
uncomfortable and inherently linked to
feeling unsafe I'm aware and I'm smart
and you know I I know what I'm doing I
know what to do if anything goes too far
I feel reasonably safe here but walking
passes places and having some of the
experiences that I've had
just uncomfortable ones and collections
of them things like Miami last year and
all sorts of little things from
different sources as well not just you
know pubs it make me feel uncomfortable
and I don't know whether that's enough
for it to be a problem or an issue but
where that's just part and parcel of
growing up and realizing that you are
immortal and finite everyone has a huge
world inside their heads and you don't
know what's going on in there and that's
kind of a scary thought
and that just because you don't
understand someone else's motivation for
doing something doesn't mean that there
is like a evil person or whatever
journey if you do have any other some of
these things that do let me know in the
comments I personally think that you
shouldn't be able to smoke on pavements
but you know I think a lot of things
that people wouldn't agree with I go to
school in the countryside and I'm a
vegetarian who's like against animal
cruelty and against bud sports so that's
popular all my questions at the moment
come from this sense of not really
knowing whether they're normal organic
questions or whether they're growing off
questions or whether they're approaching
graduation questions or where that even
matters I read 200 pages of the 365 page
shipbreaker it's quite good so far it's
dystopian but it revolves around the
world of getting resources from ships
and it's very different from the other
sort of dystopian novels that I've been
reading recently and it's sort of
refreshing really I also really like
anything to see based so far there are
few similarities with pure which I
talked about a few videos ago being that
less need to be animal human DNA
futuristic creatures but that's the
trope of many books especially dystopia
I'll get back to you on that one
hopefully finish it tomorrow sorry this
up so late at night
I'm going to go edit it and then sleep
hope you're doing well
bye
