hi guys so back in London for about a
week or say something I've already
noticed about finishing so early in
comparison to my friends you have to
take the exams is the guilt I'm one of
these people who feels guilty little bit
too much but when your friends are still
slaving over books and panicking about
revision and that sort of thing it does
add to that guiltiness like oh I'm so
free even though I know I've been
stressing out about this work for months
and months and months also until all my
friends finish there's not really much
to do except hang around and spend money
so I'd reversed my energy and fun
creative products in that vein today on
my train join I read creative Inc the
ultimate guide to running a successful
freelance business by making material a
skirt and joy dang deloitte show really
bad pronunciation there this is a
fantastic book that miss Ella urban
outfitters and it walks you through the
various stages of working as a
freelancer something I have very vague
experience of many and copy editing also
something that I'm fairly fluent in in
terms of the creatives that I hang
around with also and related to one of
them my sister is very vague or
freelancing she's like the freelancing
queen ton of stuff is a bit us specific
it talks about tax and Patriots and
things and it lays out the steps to
getting those particular things I'd like
from the US resources and specific tax
papers and stuff but that's what like
three or four pages out of 150 or
whatever it is and the edges are so
round and beautiful very practical
advice very inspiring and a good read
for my first proper day of post academia
and in a moment of all these revelations
about myself I was having coffee with my
friend Hannah this morning as she asked
me what my plans were for after
University the famous question when I
told to a few of my ideas especially for
September onwards she kind of gave the
impression I was selling myself short
and well my immediate reaction to that
is to become a little bit defensive and
be like no I'm trying really hard I so
no it's just time for me to have Bilbray
every night that she do actually have a
really good point I'm confident in terms
of I'm happy to speak up in class and
you know I'm not afraid to talk to
shopkeepers and even random strangers to
chat to them about their day on public
transport do this and that sort of thing
I've never had a problem with that kind
of confidence I'm definitely not that
confident in my own abilities as a
person as kind of a marketable thing
more than self confidence in general
it's
lack of confidence in my potential say
today was all about plans plans for
freelancing future and integrating more
structure into all the best projects
hands for personal development and then
also probably going to start doing it
don't break the chain thing that Charlie
and Alex loves so much I'm wondering if
any of you especially those of you who
are leaving a particular stage of
education stage work whether you've come
to huge self realizations recently do
let me know then also let me know if
you've read creative ink in the comments
below and i think that's it thanks for
your congratulations guys it makes me
feel happy happy times happy happy times
renergie is a free elf
