hey guys what's up I just casually
finished University I'm just done I'm
just done I'm done so gave you dinner
with a friend and go for cocktails and
go out and it's been such a long time
since I've been out when I was getting
ready I was like what's what's this what
does this do this the brushing my hair's
it's a tool for writing with I am
extremely happy to be done a lot of
people have asked me how I feel today to
be done with university to have handed
everything in mainly I just feel very
very tired I'm sure that freedom will
sink in eventually till then there's
just going out but I did want to thank
you guys because as you know I've been a
bit of a stress head for the past oh I
don't know six years so they're learning
and education has always been and will
always be important to me have to say
I'm kind of relieved that it's all done
so relieved that I bought new shoes you
can see them now I bought these shoes in
the Topshop sale which is somewhere you
should never go if you are feeling happy
because you will spend your money on
everything another thing I watched a
that I wanted to open with you my
special viewers Sean P from this day
forth until the end of May I will be
vlogging every day I did want to do that
from the first mate but then I got
really really ill my advice before
exhaustion ill or just ill in general
any kind of 24-hour flu go see Avengers
Assemble best film ever of the week I've
been in bed all day I was doing horrible
I couldn't move I couldn't even sleep I
just felt so ill decided to go and see
the Avengers and felt so much better and
then not sure I went online to town was
to find my favorite vets from the film
and what I did find it said were lots of
Americans really angry that the films
are a week later in the US the name is
indeed UK in the rest of the world a
week gonna be something that happens
very rarely for the u.s. it was months
before we got the Muppets or like crazy
or just so many films it's regular thing
so it's quite funny to see people become
a bit Hulk ask like oh my god that
British they don't deserve the film yes
we did it was really good I really
recommend it even if you're not really
into that superhero stuff I'm into it
though
any of you see Paris let me know ok I'm
going to go and bother other people now
and drink responsibly
ok so it wasn't quite exploding
everywhere
I would like to make a toast to YouTube
to thank you for all your support over
these many years and the fact that I am
done with academia Cheers
