a week or so ago I went up to Chicago to
see a talks between Allen grant sheriff
and I can Mellody Hobson about Sheryl
Sandberg Adam grants new book option B
this is the UK one and this is the u.s.
one because everything in the u.s. is
bigger it's all just like salads it was
pretty odd and sometimes uncomfortable
experience to read option B to be frank
with you because there was so much in
this that dealt with things that I
hadn't addressed I felt like someone was
shining spot like on the table and they
sitting gap and that's what I was
shining on an empty chair that I had an
invited a guest to join us at that table
and that guest was the way I was treated
and and the way people spoke to me after
my dad died and I've addressed all the
readiness parts grieves I've addressed
different more practical things but just
the language people use when you do
someone and that creeping extreme
isolation the Charles River a lot back
in the book and in the conversation
there comes from a place of love if
people not knowing what to say and not
wanting to impose but wanting to upset
you but for me when people didn't
mention that my dad had died it was like
course I'm not going to forget
it it's part of my values it's partly
day-to-day we are actually at the very
least occurs I'm spending a lot of time
figuring out paperwork and taking his
death certificate with his computer to
the Apple Store and trying to open it
like my vision a reality I think about
it all the time and that's not going to
go away so someone not mentioning it to
me or pretending like it just didn't
happen it feels like some kind of
strange erasure of who I am what my
reality is and also to be frank of like
the connection or friendship of being
able to talk to someone about what
you're going through because then you
feel like well maybe I'm putting them in
an awkward position by bringing up and
it's that kind of stratification of
worrying and that building out like
Russian dolls worrying but worrying if
you were guilty about the guilt and so
on the guilt was also incredibly well
addressed like I didn't remember the
moment that I first last up to my dad
dies I do very much remember the
comments I got from certain people that
I wore in yellow dress
to my dad's funeral but gives that to me
we sorta sad I remember getting comments
from
and feeling this strange Victorian
moment of kind of weird public shaming
that reminded me that although we're
getting better about talking about grief
and talking about mental health
struggles and the raise in which we come
up short sometimes and kind of strange
and ridiculous and if we impose upon one
another this still exists and there is
still this sense of breathing properly
and carrying on and what's right to show
and not show and I think that the
reactions of other people so where other
people talk to you other people are
expected to say what they feel is right
to say and wrong to say that plays into
that quite traditionalist look on how
grief paid the role in our lives which
is not because we all experience it at
some point in some ways some more
profound than others and not again not
just with death I think that there is
many ways you can use a person's of your
life or feel like you lose yourself from
it and think it made me feel most
hopeful about this book and also I think
this comes from reading it now six years
old rather than having read it had it
been written I was 19 is the idea of
post-traumatic growth what I felt like
was really helpful is the assertion
throughout what can be that like if I
could swap the loss for the growth if I
can have that person back then you would
in a second there's not question is like
this one rather let's get rid of food
but just allowing yourself to recognize
the growth in your mics and that's also
been a big lesson to me I feel so guilty
any time I associate anything good with
my dad's death but there are things in
my life that are better in spite of the
causal whatever that event so it's just
allowing yourself to have the thoughts
you have and not punishing yourself for
them it's changed because there are good
things that have come from this very bad
movement that is very bad situation and
allowing yourself to feel whatever
thoughts you feel and kind of be in
whatever space you are is important and
don't
recognizing the ways in which you feel
if you do like you as a person have
growing from it and I felt like option B
gave me permission to recognize that
growth in my life especially with
regards to gratitude which is also
something mentioned a lot in
conversation I think the way we talk
about gratitude online can be really
crunchy and separated maybe from the
reality of how intentional kind of has
to be with it in your day to day life
how you or at least I have to look for
it and actually seek it
my friend Haley is really good about
that she can party for example she was
like giving toasts to all of us about
each of us with very specific
preferences to us as people and our role
in our friendship group and so we're
just expressing her gratitude in the
loving way that she does every day of
our life and past few other ways and
it's something that I've tried to learn
from and I'm getting better at and I
think that one good outlet of my
gratitude has been this channel but also
i sending far actually messages than I
ever used to do to my friends expressing
gratitude are and again something I did
it for it to work for but that
realignment was that I picture it like
the satellite at the end of rig one
that's something that came out of this
experience
initially I try to be more positive
let's pitch in person where possible I
try not to be as critical there used to
be
I try to be more open to experiences
it's a no better than due to the loss
alone so that is just probably becoming
an adult or feeling more stable in
aspects of my life or I don't know what
but that is part of it and I was very
grateful to option be perfect if me the
language but also the permission to feel
the things that I feel now and then as
well you know now and at the time that
lots happened it felt like some kind of
retroactive kindness that I feel also to
others especially it as a response to
Lehmann I think that it itself shows
incredible growth between the time
Lena was published even if a graduate
amount which included formal stories and
this which directly addresses some of
the shortcomings of lean in so yes I
suppose this is all a starting point for
this
I loved her your thoughts and comments
and I will see you very soon like
