recently I've been getting up extremely
early I get up about five maybe 5:30
sometimes get up a bit slowly then go
for a run I only really started being
able to run when I was in first year of
university and I went to the gym every
day and then to run on a treadmill I
have asked my own although it's not bad
I always let that become an excuse for
my fitness no I can't run was always my
finishing point and then when I was at
Vassar I started to run in the evenings
I get very self-conscious when I run as
I do and I do maths and things there's
part of me that's so afraid of
embarrassing myself or do something
wrong and that part of me has faded away
and gotten smaller as I've become older
but it still exists to some degree I do
you think that it hampered my ability to
go ahead and try things in a way that I
hadn't before when I came back for my
final year I had to pick and choose with
a lot of choices there are a lot of
things that I want to do immediately
after I graduate and also just in my
final year I tried to find a part-time
job so I think there was a big part of
me that knew that I would want to put
everything into my dissertation and into
my final years so I could get the best
academic result possible that meant
cutting back on expenses including the
gym which meant for the whole last term
I barely did any exercise at all and
then mr. mosz I don't wanna get to
summer and feel like I should have
exercised feel that needs to have energy
coursing through my body
but then walk up a hill and run out of
breath because I'm so in my lungs
talking about asthma I don't really know
the technical thing for it like I have
my hailers and things but you need to
train yourself how to breathe in a way
that you don't necessarily have to do
without asthma incidentally my mum has
asthma as well
I always have to remind to breathe
breathe right now and I'm sirisha what I
found a way to make running a positive
thing which it hasn't really ever been
in my life it's always been something
that I have felt self-conscious about or
felt like I'm gonna hurt myself or have
hurt myself from today and tomorrow I'm
giving my body rest so they can heal
because I've been running for 5k every
single morning at about 5:00 5:30 a.m.
which has been fantastic this morning I
intended to have a lion it's gonna relax
it's gonna be great it's gonna be my
pajamas all day it's seven thirty six
and I've already been to Tesco because
my body clock has been waking me up at
5:30 every day so I woke up at 5:30 I
tried to kind of stay in bed I stayed in
bed for about 45 minutes or so but then
I just felt really restless and I would
just do something I'm always gonna be
the girl that loves reading it so like
that will never change and I started to
read and bednorz like no I need to do
something which is why I'm about to go
and practice making vegan bean burgers
from scratch that's the other thing as I
said I'm not really strictly religious
in any sort of categorical box way Lent
is something that a lot of people in the
UK where they're religious do not take
part in it
fact most of the people I know taking
part are actually atheist which is
interesting fill out one of the things I
gave up was fizzy drinks which I just
feel like so much better without even
though I was already drinking loads of
water I just now feel so much better
when I want to drink something that
isn't water I drink tea but it's always
her will tea and I haven't really been
having any dairy I gave up chocolate as
well it was really hard for the first
week but then I just don't miss anymore
what's the whole point of this video was
to say I didn't want to sound preachy or
anything like that it's just that I have
this vigour and excitement for the day
that I haven't felt for such a long time
I don't even know if I've ever really
felt it I feel like I just want the
light on me I feel like the lights out
there and I want to be there with it and
I feel like before when I was staying up
late and not getting much sleep there
was a very limited range of things that
I could do with my day since I started
getting up at 5:00 and 5:30 I can do
everything but getting up early and
doing something and getting yourself out
the house is worth it I know that it's
harder for those of you who are still
living at home like with your parents or
whatever but the point is basically that
this peace of mind I have in a moment
has come from a very strange place I
never thought that peace of mind would
come from exercise and eating well and
all those things that they say it will
partly because I've tried it in the past
and it hasn't really worked for me but
if at first you don't succeed then try
try try again have a lovely day everyone
I'm gonna go and make some bean burgers
now
