despite the fact that not 24 hours ago I
made a video saying that I wouldn't be
able to be making many videos because
I'm drowning under dissertations I kind
of had to make a video today why well
because sometimes you read a book and it
fills you with this weird evangelical
zeal and you become convinced that the
shattered world will never be put back
together unless and until all living
humans read the book that's why so as
well as one of the books that i have
been reading recently about trauma and
death and destruction and America and
theocracy I've been reading a lot of
kids book zero five of the six
children's books I'm reading past two
weeks Thomas midnight garden by philippa
Pierce DC and Boston the children of
green no great for fans of Howl's Moving
Castle eagle of the night by rosemary
sutcliff the traveler in time but
Allison Utley which is great and the
wall packed by Sofia Harnett which just
comes from another age of historical
novels those are the books I want to
talk to you about the two videos ago in
my things I can do video someone asked
me what kinds of books they should read
if they like I capture the castle by
dodie smith which is indisputably one of
the best knowles ever written but gave
fairly wishy-washy answers because my
common response to that has been you
can't have anything like it is just that
kind of book that stands out by itself
then I read the house in NorAm gardens
by penelope lively I love you might have
read the ghost of thomas kemp when you
were in primary school or just it was
one of those books that was recommended
to you she has an incredible watching
star and i have always loved her but i
have never read it one of my favorite
publishers of all time jameson reissued
this in 2004 and it makes me so happy i
read it for the first time about three
hours ago and I've just been obsessed
with it if you follow me on tumblr you
will have seen that I've just been
posting quotations from it as i was
reading just like oh my god the house in
NorAm gardens it's about 14 year old
girl called Claire who lives with her
two aunts her aunt's are pretty old
they're 78 and 80 I believe in a house
which has 19 rooms or 19 bedrooms I
can't quite remember which is also full
of very museum me stuff so in a way it's
very similar to ballet shoes in that
there's a house which is almost a museum
claris in many ways her aunt's primary
carer but she's not one of those
teenagers who doesn't sound like a
teenager penelon who library has a voice
just right I think it's set in the 70s
so there's lots about pop music and
things like that but the story also
falls under the category of the timeslip
novel crack he's falling into these
weird dream states where she thinks that
she's in New Guinea it just happens that
her great-grandfather was one of the
people who I think in the 1900s went to
New Guinea and discover the people there
who had been living like the Stone Age
Edwards
this book reminded me not only of the
way I felt when I first read I captured
the castle but also the way I thought
when I first read magical realist books
as a half Mexican magical realism has
always been very close and very
important to me it's something I find
strangely comforting when I find it in
books while this doesn't fall neatly
into that category it doesn't really
fall neatly into any category it's just
a wonderful book and instead of keeping
it close and dear to me as its kind of
tempting I will instead take advantage
of the weird evangelical zeal with which
I have been filled and recommend to you
with all of the recommendation in my
heart the house in NorAm gardens I got
to read a little bit cheap do you think
it would be all right if I wore
great-grandmother's red silk dress I can
think of no better use for it said Aunt
Em and my hair up if we can get it there
we will persevere until we do we went
really Claire thought but it's a nice
joke I like jokes with the Arts she they
close to the fire her face burning and
stared into it incandescent interiors
gushing flame logs gray plated with ash
roaming shadows I like fires I like
being here just now just at this moment
this is one of the times I wouldn't mind
stopping out forever or for longer
anyway if you could kind of freeze
yourself but you can't it's like being
on a train and seeing a lovely quiet
country station with flowers and cows in
the long grass and not being able to get
off at it thinking of this she was
seized with a feeling of panic as though
everything was slipping from her the
fire the room the ant there was no way
she could hold any of it she rolled on
her back and stared at the ceiling
overwhelmed with sudden desolation it
should have filmed it here because this
was much better lighting I've only been
doing this for six years guys I didn't
really know what I'm doing maybe I'll
see you sometimes spontaneously with
full 51 days time again who knows what
