hello people of the Internet so gonna be
copying John's video and then later
Katie's video things that I can do it
appropriate time for shrimps Tuesday or
pancake Taylor tomorrow I'm going to be
making pancakes it's bad thing I can do
I'm getting up chocolate for that as
well so this is gonna have to go with an
x 48 out but generally when I'm making
pancakes is like a one-to-one ratio so
i'll be making one they'll be eating one
this time I pissed myself a little bit
because there's like five bad boys over
here I think that pancakes though so
even though they're not particularly
stretch as they flow you up for the
whole day and on the student budget it's
quite nice to eat small little things
that pull you off the whole day and I
have cucumber in there so I can just eat
your cucumber like that's that's
nutrition right as an avid reader and as
a bookseller the second thing i can do
is book recommendation i lo The Hunger
Games what should I read next well if
you want to stick with a dystopian stuff
I would recommend divergent by Veronica
Roth if it's the concept that you like
more than anything that may be the maze
runners if it's the teen fiction star
you like about it while still wanting it
to be a dystopia then I would suggest
the ugly series starting with uglies
pretty specials and then extras that a
spice got westervelt if you like the
fact that it's really messed up then I
would recommend unwind by Neal
Shusterman I'm trying to read more
classics what would you recommend there
are so many authors that people think
they've read but I haven't actually read
Jane Austen is I think one of the
funniest writers of all time mansfield
park is on that I find particularly
funny emma is extremely good prejudice
is a story that you know but then you go
back to the text you read it and there's
so much more in there so the whole body
of Jane Austen I would say and then also
Charles Dickens full of detail full of
richness definitely full of humor
imagine that you've been really eff
scott Fitzgerald but have you read
Faulkner I only started reading focalin
quite recently and it was an experience
and amazing and I just want to read them
all over again in terms of modern
classic things like revolutionary road
are always were three just anything that
richard yates is written it's just
absolutely brilliant i capture the
castle by do dismiss well nothing's
quite like it and quite as brilliant as
it could always try things by nancy
mitford such as love and a cold climber
and a thing with the same feeling of the
virgin suicides as you put it out on
your question it's quite difficult to
get something with that strange weird
feeling that it has going on also
because it's such a brilliant book class
i would recommend middlesex which is
also by jeffrey jealousies and i think
is even better oh it's also just really
good in different ways the other one i
would recommend which i talked about in
here quite a while ago it's dangerous
laughter by stephen mill houses that guy
so the person you asked about short
stories as well another thing i can do
which i haven't always been able to do
is be honest with myself and sort of
know myself for example every night
before I go to sleep I set the alarm
my bed which makes a really annoying
noise so then I also set six alarms on
my phone and put it far away from my bed
so has to get out of bed to turn it off
the other thing related to being honest
with yourselves to do with money I am
self funding as a student which means
getting loans and grants and that sort
of thing which means that after the
first kind of two weeks of the year then
I just avoid my bank account the feeling
of going onto internet banking and
checking my balance actually terrifies
me fills me with horror horror in order
that I don't you know reside comfortably
in the realm of denial I start up phone
alerts my phone so every monday i get my
back balance and the details of my
roastery to transaction my overdraft
balance sent to my phone that's being
honest about yourself in a good way and
honest about yourself in a bad way I can
do this with my thumbs I can grow my
hair I can dye my hair myself and only
ever dye my hair myself I've never
really are sued people who spend like 60
quid and dyeing their hat i love you
guys and if any of you do that then I'm
not judging you or anything but just the
thought of doing that and I can just pay
a very small amount of money and ruin my
hair myself it's just so much more fun
even though it's like 630 in the evening
coach the library because its
dissertation extract week to the library
make myself do work not procrastinate
yeah don't forget to be awesome this is
my dad station plan this is chapter 1
chapter 2 after 3 and the conclusion
doesn't it look absolutely beautiful I
thought so as well drawing pin
