I'm off to my friend becca's house the
pre drinks before we go and watch the
Super Bowl Oh flood and my Vassar
College hoodie as well because you know
that's nuke so that works I'm cutting my
ex-boyfriends o SI t shirt weer going to
super super sunday a it's my
ex-boyfriends be I hate him no I don't
hate him that that's a nice to him see I
can't wear this because it's like
nightshirt I'm wardrobe Allah should be
I fell over ready to perform in manama
saw my name is really close to schooners
I don't need school team is winning no
I'm having the Patriots that's why the
thing why why no funny man he's mostly
giant there are my buddy and I practice
I'm teaching of english only so much I
can handle your English doesn't so yes
excuse look I wouldn't play as hard as
master I can't do that
Oh
hi
godlike
no we missed again
it's the morning after the Super Bowl
it's 10 a.m. and despite the fact that I
went about three my body didn't want to
let me get up later than you know six so
I'm gonna wait for quite a while I doze
and then I eventually sat down and got
on with my reading it's week four of my
final term at University and it's the
first week where I haven't been
completely on top of everything the
panic is starting to set in the enormity
of my dissertation project is starting
to take over a little bit it was really
nice to break up that stress with the
fun evening watching the Super Bowl I
definitely understood more of it than I
did last year but I still can't do all
the lingo that's definitely my aim for
next year and it was really fun tweeting
away on my ridiculous like Twitter where
I just mainly talked about how pretty
all the boys are especially Tom Brady
and I was supporting the Giants but Tom
Brady is just beautiful my friend Becca
he saw in the video earlier was flirting
this guy yesterday he was like I support
Patriots because Tom Brady's beautiful
so I was quite entertained by that but I
have to go and do the learning thing now
but look my hair doesn't have any roots
how delightful it supposedly I splint
let's go with it bye
