it's really good to film this and I'm
sorry if it's all good but my challenge
today was to say I love you and I feel
like I don't tell you how much i love
you i love you so much from the box my
heart you make me so happy every day you
introduce me to new things and to new
people i love how much time i get to
spend with you I feel like you always
there for me when I need you and that's
been especially important recently
you're just fantastic and I know that a
lot of people sort of guessed about our
relationship so I I didn't really want
to make public just how in love with you
I am i'm just i just love you you make
each day bearable do you make me very
very happy to thank you and i love you
especially love how you're like you're
there before i go to sleep at night in
your the plastic that you know I want to
see when I wake up in the mornings so
just I know said it like the 7,000
pounds and go yeah and don't know but
I'm just so in love with you what is
this esterday it's true I do love tumblr
romantically tumble is my date for the
fast-approaching Valentine's Day but ok
there are other people I love to I love
every last one of my subscribers except
for the creepy ones I love my mothers
sisters thank you guys with best family
i love you i love my british family and
my mexican family I love my friends
whether they're on the United States of
Britain were doing study abroad in
Europe there really is a lot of love to
go around and as we know Love Actually
is all around hydration time so in this
the last video of this particular
project I have to say I love you to the
new year revolution team thank you so
much for asking me to take part this has
been really brilliant thank you guys for
watching I'll endeavor to make quite a
few videos in February although I can't
promise every day videos and I do need
to get on with my dissertation oh really
it's taught me a lot particularly about
self motivation something that I used to
be really good at the sort of faded away
for a little while the thing is when you
have to make a video every single day
you have to allow time to do that
meaning you have to structure everything
else about your day meaning for the bulk
of this project I was getting up at six
in the morning and you know how they say
it takes 21 days for something to become
habit I completely believe that cuz I
don't think without this project it
would be natural for me to come up at
six in the morning from the new year
revolution I've also like to spend more
time outside to thank and make eye
contact with and say I love you too
more often to give myself creative tasks
such as things like sprinting even
though it's not nanowrimo to paint and
try harder origami to make even more
conversation with the Brewster's at
coffee shops to read more wisely when I
pick up a magazine then to occasionally
maybe part with some books in the
platform of a railway station if it has
been great I hope you guys enjoyed
yourselves this is Rosie Anna gram
