today's task is to document the day
there's lots of things to do today so
come along with me and let's start with
breakfast which my mother has very
clearly prepared for me oh the joys of
being at home as well let's go hey you
mother very well you being my
documentary today mmhmm yeah I have to
duck him in the day using the same team
after major cups of tea or four well
that's it yeah that's what I do I
actually I have a banana boat so your
family yeah in this is market there to
detox Franti and I make one tea bag of
it in the morning and then all day I
keep putting up watching it and it did
the same one tea bag a day you know that
although you've never taken a deep in
circles and dad often when I'm at home
I'm very lazy and I speak English when I
should be seized in Spanish but what
you'll find occasion is that I slip into
a bit of the boat because that's what I
do and when i was little i spoke with a
little bit of a mexican accent and they
mix up all my words yeah yes in Spanish
it absolutely okay what if I guess is
what happens when you cook an egg in
spinach water the egg is slightly green
just turned on a setting called smart
contrast I do not know exactly what is
smart about it as I am new in the world
of Lex's old camera right now is just
showing me how wonky my fringes take how
long my hair is okay sounds of a winter
sometimes freezes over
ya compre la comida para no Sierra will
make you wait where's my sister's mess
do you need any help about this about
this oh well it's a biter no bottom in
his very hungry and I'm and if I could
just point out and the passerby
recommended it for being illogical which
i think is such a great recommendation
one day and so this is my brand new here
is exactly a day and a half old this
very radical and camera shy is an easy
how do you feel mother with all these
two grand grand son two very happy very
nice did you expect to have two
grandsons at this age they're burnt into
like a self-obsessed roaming just like
you carry on my display these are
supposed to be in that time we were like
perfection we take picture me yeah
that's why i ah right zoom out una thus
he did time this is what we do all the
time we do it all the time every day
hundred times a day for me I'm
particular when it's cold it's so cold
it was a colossal stroke of luck than
the day I had to really properly
document things which is something that
I do all the time anyway you know I film
these videos and then I go and I write
my diary and things like that yeah it
was an extreme stroke of luck that that
was the day that I first met my new
nephew he's so little and warm and fairy
everything he's so cute and he's very
lucky to have such wonderful parents and
it's extremely peculiar to think that
he's going to grow up and be this human
being in the world and moving
about the world but every time i get
home tonight heavenly he's so small but
then I look at my other nephew and
remember how much he's grown i mean now
he's counting and he knows all our names
and he's learning about color and he is
just just wonderful and so engaged with
the world so it's a real joy to watch
and I hope that you got a little bit of
an insight into that as well as well as
a bit of an insight into the other
things I do when I am visiting home like
by Clemence teens and pop in to work to
say hi because I'm lucky enough to have
a job that I really love him and work
with people that I really like doing
something that I think is important and
valuable today was a good day now I'm
going to sit back relax edit watch agent
Cody Banks not lying and then get on
words a little bit of reading for class
by ice
