they spent the bulk of today after
getting up at six to get stuff done and
going to a two-hour seminar and
children's literature when we train home
to London the task for today was to make
a brand new dish but as I've sort of
done that before I thought i'll show you
how to make a fine train snack british
to a tee and from the playground step
one take a sandwich from the train cafe
or one you brought from home step 2 add
crisps to it they can be a whatever
flavor you please step 3 noms
the rest of the train ride was generally
uneventful I read a little wrote a
little watched a little but made me do
what I always do in train rides stare
out the window there's something much
more interesting about the countryside
when seen from at Raymond from a car i
think distance was rendered tangible or
other very least slightly conceivable I
like that the track is set that I will
always go to same distance as they were
traveling along a limited string back
and forth like a tightrope walker but
it's possible but the unexpected
sunshine and use of a brand new nephew
was just going to my head and making me
think incredibly strange thoughts I
suspect those are the only sorts of
thought I ever and will ever have
