hey guys soon yesterday's video I
mentioned that I didn't have any friends
and my mother was really genuinely
concerned about that she don't quite
pick up sarcasm she very sweetly sent me
an email that was like of course your
friends your lovely friends what are you
talking about like what's wrong with you
and you okay sometimes my British
sarcasm falls flat against you know the
Mexican barrier but yeah of course I do
have friends and I'd like to introduce
you to one of those friends today his
name is Hercules and he lives right here
mmm disgusting facial features of sight
today's mission was to see how long you
can go without talking try having a bit
of a silent time when you'd usually be
chattering away or if you're feeling
ambitious you could attempt a whole day
of not speaking practically the second
option just wasn't an option three I had
a doctor's appointment I had to get in
your neighbors and even though it's been
a couple of years since I turned 18 I
keep forgetting that you don't get
prescriptions free I went to boots to
get my haters and they were like it gay
that's going to be seven pounds for
tears like what I think that rigidly
unfair I can't help what my lungs were
like when I was born I can't help the
fact that we live in a polluted world I
don't have to pay for din healers and
then in the afternoon I had a meeting
with my dissertation supervisor and the
other people for whom he is a
dissertation supervisor yeah llo was
definitely more like a him talking to
our situation it wasn't you know an
opportunity to just like zip it
completely but it's been a time in
between his team meetings fairly silent
and I also spent that time in a coffee
shop and I am a curious person anyway so
I do eat stew up a lot that the
eavesdropping was even more focused
today because I was so aware of you know
not talking and not thinking about
talking and not you know chattering away
to people I was by myself anyway so
folks after the way it would be to
myself would you like to pretend I'm not
crazy even if it's not true to make up
for the talking i did stands considering
making this into a silent film
I do recommend it was written 1989 it's
only 100 pages or so and draws parallels
between the development of war
technology and the development of camera
technology and the more we strive to
perceive something perfectly with
there's more distance between it with
kind of reflecting mirrors and digital
and all that stuff it's just interesting
and I said the last thing I'm going to
say is that someone on Twitter and drew
chalky pointing me towards Brian Cox's
night with the Stars which out on the
BBC and it's basically quantum theory
squashed into like an hour I found it
brilliant he's very clear and i don't
find him patronizing that's the one
thing that's put me off sides in the
past like people being patronizing not
taking the time to explain and be clear
and and not assuming that everyone's
mind works the same way so yeah it's
really gonna put more information about
and description bar below thank you to
Andrey for that it's really interesting
watch it cool to mild look things I
learned at secondary school level but it
obviously push them farther and and it
it made them seem more collected and a
hole in the idea of like quantum theory
and quantum mechanics in general
everything is getting more sciency by a
day it's terrified so to conclude the
silences in my day just involved a lot
of you know eavesdropping the actual
last thing before I finish this video
there was some donkeys on campus today I
saw them in the morning and then by the
time I put back my video camera to film
them in the afternoon so I could show
you guys donkeys were gone so either I
made them up or there are some donkeys
roaming free around the campus only time
she'll tell buh-bye
