hey guys look the art feature got a new
edition before I say anything else we
had a power cut here in the Miss sex
oral house match and actually I think
quite a lot of streets had a power cut
meaning i have to do on my least
favorite things to do in the whole
entire world it's just under getting rid
of spiders taking exams and then maybe
claiming tax back and that is resetting
my alarm clock does having to do that
annoy everyone else as much it doesn't
me because you have to sit there and
just press all the buttons and keep
pressing ah a couple of days ago for the
do-it-yourself challenge I set myself
some creative challenges today's mission
is actually extremely similar to the
painting challenge I guess except it's
more face based it's called picture
perfect and it's your challenges create
portrait of yourself a friend or family
member now as we all know I don't have
any friends and my family are all far
far away in the land of London so I had
to brave drawing myself and I'm just uh
I'm just not very good drawing and I
chose drawing because I'm not very good
at painting especially when it comes to
like faces and thing and I chose drawing
with bio because I'm really I just I
hate pencils I've really apart from
coloring pencils I don't know what it is
about pencils i don't i don't like them
they just don't work for me and during
these days in general you found all the
things to which was Jana is fiercely
opposed numbers pencils actually that's
probably it i think pencils remind me of
a traumatic experience in the math
department involving you know having to
do maths on a total side note today has
once again become weirdly sciency i'm
looking up a lot about the heisenberg
birds Eisenberg principal and it's weird
there's so much science in my life right
now is sort of unnerving and weird weird
weird weird so tried to draw myself i
don't think i did a very good job and to
distract from fact i didn't reread job i
drew lots of squiggles and I what I do
draw I do draw squiggles that's the only
thing i've ever drawn so yeah that's
supposedly me don't really know what was
going on there can we concentrate more
on beautiful book it's in this is an
illustration by shaun tan who is one of
my favorite illustrators she does he
lists writes children's books but he's
just one of my favorite illustrators in
general he he does these incredible
incredible illustrations one of my
favorite books of his is called the
arrival which is a book entirely without
words and it's quite long but you know
your average sheron's pitch book which
makes me think it's not really in the
traditional you know picture book
demographic he also did the red tree the
rabbits my favorite little collection of
short stories called the tales from our
to severe
beer which has a lovely story called
Eric inside that but all the stories in
that just beautiful basically he's just
a genius and he's an Australian genies
if my memory serves me correctly I
believe that a couple of years ago he
won a prize that is like the the
highest-paid literary prize you can win
it was like something we dig it like a
ridiculous amount of money it's much
deserved because Sean town is amazing I
always used to love to join stuff and
I've always always been an avid doula
and for anything and everything but as
my mom always says when I had to take
art in school and we were very much
judged and kind of always I always felt
ranked against everyone else and I only
took art from you 70 and nine so that's
like 12 to 14 they were always so
critical i found it so so hard and I
felt they weren't very patient with me
and during that span of three years I
didn't really draw much at all but my
mom always says the second you finished
in the second you didn't have to do it
and second you didn't feel like you were
getting school pressure for it then you
started drawing again so that's one
thing that sometimes although I
completely one hundred percent for our
education in schools sometimes I worry
that the moment you start ranking people
and and being just just that a little
bit too critical you really destroy
people's love of something that they
they wreck reiation enjoy anyway but it
really is a fine line but tell me hear
you do in comments and if you made a
video of your drawing then do you post
it as a video response and now I need to
go make my way through that big stack of
bricks over there I'm not sure if I
mentioned this in an earlier video but
my dissertation is partly on terrorism
and I damn it does very much about the
sep tember 11th attack so if you go into
the library and taking out these books
on terrorism I think I must be on the
list someone luckily book issuing is
done through like a machine so you don't
have to go up and take all these books
of terrorism to the librarian but I have
been a couple of cases where like the
library I she's wandering around putting
things back onto the shelves and I'm
literally taking out like this huge
stack of books like 911 and threats of
terrorism and war disease and all these
things at once so yeah that's good I'm
gonna go do that and I will see you guys
tomorrow bye
