hi guys so today's challenge was to be a
secret be kind ninja of you know Joyce
wedding you know you get those days
sometimes when you wake up and you can I
just feel like this you don't really
want to talk to one you certainly don't
want to think about doing anything
productive in the slightest everything
kind of overwhelming for no particular
reason I woke up feeling like that and i
read the challenge day and i have to say
i almost audibly groaned because i
didn't want to think about anyone else
today i wanted to drown my melancholy
and sit around watching old episodes of
West Wing as usual maybe a couple of
wear watches of easy a but not the other
kind of person who really hates feeling
like she's failed things even if those
things are Tigers of challenges so I
sucked it up and I bought some chocolate
bars and spreads and joy with some
chocolate bars through some metal boxes
of people who I I hoped would appreciate
them a bit of a little envelopes and had
their names on them so it wasn't
anything huge or particularly original
or anything but I hope that it really a
few people stay a little bit brighter
and there were people who I know who
have recently been having those kinds of
days like this the least we can do is
look out for each other you know I know
he said today's challenge kind of plays
in icing with a book that i've been
reading called the gift by lewis hide
one of my sister's actually gave me his
other book which is called tricksters
make this world and that was like a
couple of years ago something for
Christmas of my birthday it's a really
wonderful book for anyone who's creative
or interest in thinking about creativity
critically in some way and the gift
however he's scrutinizing kind of
commodity culture and the idea of gift
giving I haven't read very far into it
so far but some of you might be familiar
with the phrase engine giving which is
the idea of giving something but
expecting something in return and we
generally see that as a bad they where
we give someone gif we expected to stay
in one place and stay in their lives
forever but as Lewis I'd put out once
you've done that it stops becoming a
gift it becomes a thing it doesn't
become this thing that's in motion and
what you might remember the
circumstances surrounding that gift and
it might have particular like emotional
importance to you what you're
remembering with the act of being given
that gift so anyone really enjoying it
so far and it's kind of stressing the
importance of keeping things in motion
and not becoming solid and still as a
person I think that's kind of my
philosophy at the moment keeping things
moving going keep things ticking over
let the great world spin as a well I
think when you cling on to things about
the time you are then should find
yourself empty how did all these sorts
of other ways and it's fun to give gifts
whether those gifts are letters or
as they Frank put it at VidCon this year
they're really perfectly constructed
facebook message or something bigger and
more tangible like chocolate let me know
if any of you guys did you acts of
kindness ninjas today and I recommend
becoming a member of The Sisterhood of
the Traveling pandas it's a thing
