hi guys so it's jolly 17th in today's
challenges to get playful it's time to
turn off your television set and do
something less boring instead like
cribbage to paraphrase the theme to why
don't you under 25s google it and have
to do that at some point Fleur to play a
game we've never played before it could
be whisked marbles back down or not
tiddlywinks if you're on your own try
solitaire anything you choose as long as
it's not a video game we're talking old
school mind games also not to be
encouraged so will be something that I
can play by myself and I've raised my
room and the only equipment that i have
for such game playing the pack of
playing cards which i think is a full
pack and i think as a pack that Kaylee
actually gave to me for Christmas a
little while ago and a pack of soapy Oh
guards so it's gonna have to be a game
evolving one of those two I just
consider trying to teach myself how to
build a house of cards then I did a
Wikipedia search for solitaire games and
the variations but the ones that they do
have explanations for really poorly
explained I do know a card expert who
was a pretty good with the card games
and I'll see whether he has any advice
for me route into the harrowing to keep
bringing for so it's getting ridiculous
am hello hello it's alex around by any
chance i have a soapy a related question
for him and i want to know if there's
like a solitaire version or Soviet so my
own number one card expert the
co-inventor of vets APA was unavailable
Charlie told me that he doesn't think
that there's a solitary version of
Sophia because so few is just kind of
the wrong game by wanna google it also
looks like i'll be looking for a new
card expert if anyone what's the job
because my car expert wasn't accessible
it's like when you're a king and you
want your gesture to come in and you
know provide you with jokes and stuff
and he's just not coming it's just not
arriving Jesus Alex unacceptable I'm
doing search so so Bo solid tere saath
10 FES Tokyo unofficial look I've toyed
around with the possibility but haven't
got that far no that's the impost
incoming search homes so pure solitaire
that is not useful to me haces brierley
from sarcastic
so it's three rows of five I'll link the
video tutorial in the description so you
guys can play as well play some Snoopy
oh sad and happy where i'm looking at
each other you suck a new rock yes that
was really enjoyable and it would be a
really fun way to chill out and not just
necessarily go and watch lots of
episodes of west wing or even if you
know to do it while I was watching
episodes of West Wing raw or while I was
doing other things so yeah thanks to
Bradley for coming up with the rules for
salope yo I will definitely be playing
in the future and you guys should all go
check out sarcastic so i'll put a link
in the description bar below think it's
a really great collab channel and it's
got some of the best YouTube vlogging
talent out there at the moment not
simply YouTube female plug in tailored
flogging talent in general so yeah it's
really good heart so cool good times
also i really enjoyed hearing your
reaction to the whole conversations with
shopkeeper debate the battle a lot you
said you felt really bad if you're
engaged in a too long conversation with
the shopkeeper because there's a QP
behind you i didn't mean like sit down
and discuss the meaning of the universe
with them although that would be quite
fun i meant kind of like just just
having a chat while they're packing your
bags or temperatures they're doing also
i received about 10 to 15 tumblr asks
and a couple of comments from people who
had social anxiety issues and they
thought i was being kind of rude and
mean to them and by saying that it's
rude if you don't talk to someone who's
serving you or if you don't talk to your
customer I didn't mean it like that just
like to make it clear I wasn't having a
go anyone I just think it's peculiar
when people who don't have anything that
would stop them from social interaction
just choose to not interact with one
another we're all lonely here for a
little while so he might saw a chat
lastly Annabel port the leader of our
revolution has sent me a really nice
video message and she posted it as video
response when my earlier videos I will
link to that in the description bar
below as well and by
