had a real conversation with a shop
worker is the challenge day make it too
cheerful friendly Monday and ditch the
internet shopping and self-service
checkouts who wants here unexpected item
in bagging area 15 times in one minute
anyway I do really hate that about the
self-service machines they always assume
it you have no expected item in the
bagging area and you don't today was
kind of an exceptional day I woke up
quite an ER and await at six in the
morning and I had a lot of things to get
done basically I thought I had to reach
15 articles by 12 and it turns out that
i actually had to read 15 articles by
thursday so not quite the same thing but
at least i got it done and out of the
way night and early but between 6 30 and
90 SAT and a cafe and just read
everything and worked really hard to
cafe go to a lot recognized look the
people and i'm pretty good actually when
it comes to smiling making eye contact
with shop workers maybe because i've
been working in a shop since i was 16
it's something that i think if you've
been on the other side you're much more
aware of how nice it can be to see
someone smiling face and kind of awesome
how their day is going and even just
wishing them to have a nice day like it
makes it a real difference have just
someone cheery looking back at you and
that's not a saving you to walk around
like smiling or tomatoes the whole time
i think that would be fake but when
people do genuinely smile for you and i
wish you a good day if you've been
working like for a few hours or if
you've been working at success in the
morning I think it's really really nice
as challenge also said ain't find out
one interesting thing from your sales
person I didn't really manage to do that
in either of the two conversations I had
the one in the coffee shop on in the car
on the way back from campus in the
morning at least it was kind of mutual
tiredness coldness been in a very
cheerful way in a very smiley happy
cheerful way then I'm curious to know
whether those of you who work in shops
are in retail just kind of any sector
that involves a lot of customer service
found this challenge a lot easier than
maybe those of you who don't obviously I
can only count this from my perspective
so I don't know whether it's too fair to
say that it's a cultural thing in Mexico
at least like it's not acknowledging
someone is a pretty rude bad thing to do
so I've always been brought up to make
eye contact and as I said in another
video my mom loves making small talk
loves like chatting with people asking
him about the day when she's just
passing them in the street and she's not
someone to look down the floor and walk
pass at all well I think that translates
into every other interaction you have
with people so I don't know whether that
has made me more kind of responsive when
people look for eye contact and things
like that i wanted to talk a little bit
about the film's you guys watched
yesterday so what I'm finding this I
went to a party on Saturday night which
is America
to know when it's kesha but I was
checking all the fish on on this memory
card to make sure that had space record
this I found a very funny video of me
miming to take it off from Kesha this
was before I got out so I hadn't even
had anything to drink or anything like
that just me and my natural state couple
of people which breakfast at tiffany's
for the first time which is brilliant
because breakfast at tiffany's is one of
my all-time favorite films i know that's
a big clich√© and every university
student has the big breakfast at
tiffany's posters in their in their room
but i think it's a really lovely phone
it's a really great adaptation of a
really terrific book it's one of those
where i can never really quite tell
whether i prefer the book or the film or
the film does have the advantage of
george peppard and Audrey Hepburn a lot
of my favorite dialogue from the film
was actually just taken verbatim from
the book someone commented back to the
future back-to-back reminds me of
something that Kristina said when she
was talking about and our friend Ariana
who'd never seen any of the back of
future films Christina said Ariana they
go back in time it was just about the
future to that Ariana hunt scene or
something I can't remember Christina
incidentally is doing the new revolution
as well because my fellow my fellow busy
friend decides that she too needs to get
even busier someone watch the others the
color purple so much casablanca the lego
rock mine comments saying hey where's
yonex your 300th video which it's not
unfortunately I've got about 20 or 30
videos on them on private either because
the sound has just been bad because of
them I used quick capture originally and
the sound some reasons got funny on that
and also just some other like private
videos I had Gerard which I've never
seen patch Adams and old shark homes and
to Sir with love keep commenting your
film ideas and keep commenting what you
thought of it as well because who knows
I might pick from those so let me know
if you manage to find out an interesting
fact from your shop worker and also just
let me know what your feelings are you
know chatting to shop workers because as
a shop worker I just find it funny when
people when people don't want to talk to
me just cry
