so fifty last book I have been to New
York and Sudan Mexico City and back in
Indianapolis and had food poisoning and
my period and that next to refute gotten
plain without flirting with him because
I was pretty except that as an bother on
him food poisoning I've been thinking a
lot about the nowtell self that I was
and kind of still are in many ways the
girl who put her hand up in every single
classroom and really wanted to
participate and was really enthusiastic
about her work obviously a lot of those
things are pretty good
but at the same time I think it has
informed a lot of behavior that I see
myself now that I don't necessarily need
jobs which is that I'm not always the
better listener sometimes when I have a
conversation with a friend I shall only
about their issues their things their
struggling with their fears and so on
I just straight to the solution because
I want to solve that problem I want to
have the right not just like little me
in class again with my hand up like this
say please pick on me a having answer it
says something about me it's I am the
solution different person I say that
over and over again it's really very
true I look for solutions to it away and
I can often find many of them but at the
same time I often bypassed in a
listening stage and it means that I'm
more interested sometimes in fixing or
correcting the situation than
necessarily sitting in that mark unit
for someone which I think sometimes is
what we want live necessarily what the
way to fix something you just want
someone to see you and hear you and say
I see you I hear what you're saying
sometimes you want me to sometimes you
do want possible ideas for what you
really want is something I think what
you're saying is valid and important and
I'm trying to learn to be a better
listener because school really really
value having the right answer knowing
the right answer the concept of a right
answer because that also though of
winning and to be frank being the best I
wasn't the best but that concepts of
someone the chance for someone to be the
best chance for someone to know it all
was very appealing to me because it
seemed to have this inner connection to
success this in a connection to
prosperity and all of these other things
that people value
and I wanted it very very much and I
still want it in a lot of ways similarly
to how when you having a conversation
with your friends and your focus of a
solution modeling really what they're
saying it kind of takes you out of that
situation you're sometimes like finding
another route it's like you're looking
at your GP asking like wow I'm going to
use Waze this time because I can go over
here rather than necessarily being
present anticipating those also think
about it in context with this really
high parental actual client of culture
that we're seeing now on the Internet
we're funny enough uses a lot of the
tenets of critical reading critical
thought and science and of fact based
thinking however it uses them to
undermine sources rather than this
terribly critical of them that uses them
to really challenge rational ways of
thinking but in a way that makes it seem
like what things that is itself rational
I'm thinking a lot about kind of the
white supremacist narrative and the
extreme misogynist narrative in that
sense but also just across the board the
way we're talking about news in the way
we're talking about facts and that's
what a lot of the time what so
befuddling about the whole thing how do
you find a way into a conversation about
critical thought when those very muses
critical thoughts seem to be being used
to undermine and to diminish something
in a way that is ultimately perhaps
disruptive how do you toe the line
between the two like I can be critical
of CNN and point out if schools are also
not tearing down the entire fabric of
judgment and of media as a whole I know
everything you look like that I've been
wondering whether it's part of our
generational thing of growing up with a
lot of times enough access to computers
and such changes that you assume that
there's an answer out there somewhere
that you can find and that you can
sometimes pretend to have always known
but there
like a super brain or is that you can
access and house the nature of that
super brain changed how's our
relationship to it change has how we see
it changed and is that why we're in this
space right now where it's solution
driven mainly but in a different kind of
way and everyone's facts are things that
a second stone are different from one
another in maybe a more clearly
articulated way than before but because
of so much of it it's also very
confusing I was also thinking about this
in terms of being a know-it-all and so
on because there's a general election
coming up in the UK June 8th very soon
register to vote and there is a lot I
don't know about how the government
works how funding works how the politics
works I really feel like I should know a
lot of it I read the news a lot I try
and read context around the news I try
to read history of politics and so on
but there is a lot that I doesn't know
about my own country and how the
government works and sometimes it's
frustrating even admit this to myself
right now but instead of finding out
about it sometimes I just kind of shy
away from it or pretend that I know the
answer or listen to someone much smarter
than me and echo what they say without
really doing the research my so my hope
is that over the next few weeks and it
really is not that long until the
general election so do register to vote
and I'm going to try to dive into some
of those questions but seem very obvious
sometimes but that we maybe haven't
looked at like how does the NHS get
funded and what exactly does my MP do I
don't what to make these videos to talk
down to people I apologise if they come
across as that I just think that there
were some very basic questions about
politics that I will never talk and that
I don't understand but I also don't feel
comfortable saying don't know I hope
feel comfortable sometimes going in
there and a brand new student of it
because it's expected that you know it
but then I wonder what about
contributing to the kind of discussions
that we're having and wonder how many of
us are on some level on the defense
is going into these conversations
because we're aware that there are gaps
in in what we know and that kind of
gives back to my video about cleanliness
and so on all these gaps in our
education but we have ways of
circumventing that and pretending like
there's not or rewriting the story in
that way so that's what I'm going to be
talking a lot about but I'm also just
what I want to talk a lot about the way
we talk about things where we think
about things and the kinds of different
perspectives that you have on your life
as you grow up because that's where my
brains been anyway I'm going to go at
this and read and sleep it's very
exciting so happening here in
Indianapolis sweetie see it
