hey guys it's just a really quick
old-school eyesight video blog ething
today's challenge was to watch a classic
film but I had a lot of work to do
before that so which day I started
watching it back on vales go I decided
to watch the graduate and because I've
never seen it and I you know I haven't
claimed trip seen it but it's kind of
release things that you know you're
supposed to have seen after it was quite
appropriate because I graduate in about
six months or so it was really good but
it was quite surprising i didn't i
didn't expect that I mean there's the
famous mrs. Robinson song but I didn't
expect that music would pay such a key
role in the film there's these huge
elapsed silences and and the music
really works kind of fill the absence of
dialogue you really feel Ben's apathy
like he's just recently graduated people
keep asking him what he's gonna do with
his life a question that I am becoming
very very familiar with it's just kind
of unusual I didn't really expect to be
the absence of dialogue I thought it
would be quite like a sharp quick witty
film and the humor was happening there
is a very specific style of humor but it
wasn't and it wasn't dialogue heavy like
that wasn't at all the focus of it so
that was really good and because we're
just just thinking unexpected and I love
the style of it I loved what the the
actress I think Connie was like my name
was and but she plays Elaine and she has
great kind of 60 style hair and and kind
of on the cusp of the 70s and and it's
like this in this amazing jacket and
these political boots and it was just
really fun to watch yeah the soundtrack
was brilliant and and a lot the time
you'd have one song would be playing for
about 10 minutes because it would be
broken up with dialogue and then the
song will start again or with like with
some cases with them the sound of
silence funnily enough would be one that
was recurring and he'd have like bits of
it kind of halfway through the film and
then it would come up again it's the
very last song played so yeah I think
the most of the most interesting thing
to me was the use of sound but I love
Benjamin's very nice red convertible and
I thought the storyline was good like
anything it was a particularly
exceptional storyline and i think that
the story line itself and necessarily
just something critically unique but I I
did like the way that the film was
executed in terms of
making I can understand why it's thought
to be as important of a film as it is
yeah say yeah that was the graduate but
there are lots of films I haven't seen
that I would like to see so I lots of
kind of classics i haven't seen like a
lot of hitchcock I haven't seen handsome
vertigo haven't seen the birds I really
want to see 2001 space odyssey because i
have never seen that and so maybe maybe
not this month but maybe in the coming
months i'll try and catch up with all
the other classic films classic films
i've never seen and report back about
this as well but i hope you're doing
well and happy happy day 15 although now
technically it's day 16 i spent it we're
exactly halfway through now and because
i'm on 15 16 but i'll try and get
tomorrow's video today's video up a
little bit earlier in the day and waking
up in five sweet hours because i have
even more like to do so yeah but i will
tell you guys later and let me know in
comments what films you watched if you
took part in today's challenge all right
bye guys
