so today's challenge is to get yourself
looking really nice and then go and do
kind of the normal things that you would
do Haley has this dress as well this one
is very fancy but it's also very nice i
wore this to the harry potter premiere
when i was on the carpet this summer
think it's gonna have to be the max Kurt
nice maxi skirt which I love you know I
life outside for cache locations
occasionally but on this campus everyone
dresses really really casually course as
always like the one or two people who
are really dressed up in every was like
oh I wish I had the time will the effort
to put into that but that's really what
it is I spend my time doing other things
and there's nothing there's absolutely
nothing wrong with spending your time on
beauty stuff I love watching like the
beauty department star videos i enjoyed
liked when i'm reading magazines to read
the case or like tutorials and star
guides and love how people put things
together i earn this so I kind of care
about style a little bit but Katie made
a video a little walk about her style
stuff next obviously has her new style
channel and so I thought I just can't
repair it really briefly here but
basically my principle is I know is that
if you watch dude if I want to make it
look great but I didn't have time it's
also economical cuz i also use this
little Max Factor foundation think
that's the only one I found that is the
right shade of pale for me and it only
works in winter because in summer when i
get to turn to have to use a different
one so that's annoying so if i use a
foundation brush with this which is what
you're supposed to you're supposed to
use foundation brush it absorbs all of
the foundation it takes up you go
through a lot quicker is basically
saying even though you get like a much
even much more even much better like
coverage or whatever I'd like
practically money-wise not an option a
lot of time I didn't even wear
foundation but does some days but I'm
feeling quite uneven you just need to
even out your facebook this is like
today today I'm feeling and even a lot
of its practical decision based on money
or time it's good to take care of your
skin and it's good to use high quality
products but at the time i'd rather
spend money on books or spend it on
trying to pair of mayo draft you just
have to kind of make these decisions
based on like what your situation is
right now i'd rather travel i'd rather
try and work out a way to get flat when
I graduate and stuff like that so i use
this Max Factor lasting performance
which is my number one foundation of had
this particular one for like six months
last however if you don't use foundation
brush my sis to introduce me to this
takes really good care and restores
units don't you know what we're gonna do
my hair because it's extremely greasy
right now that this is Rimmel I don't
know but I really love the brush on this
one because it's really fine and and you
feel like it's really picking out
each one of your nurses my favorite
mascara is it's from Mac I don't know
what it's called I only buy it when I'm
in the US and I have a bit of spending
money it's a lot cheaper there when
beauty products i love is the benefit
highlight little thing I got my friend
glamour and I've used it rages but I'd
somewhere I don't know where I put it a
little bit of blush think this almost
free magazine as well because it's a
special day of drafting up I'm use way
favorite favorite lipstick which is
topshop and it's bright and rock hate
doing this with a camera right now it's
been very very self-conscious turn also
hears nothing like technically you're
supposed to apply lipstick with like
your little finger and that makes it
look more even I fellow that takes a lot
the fun out of it so I like doing like
this it seems like I browse like I
should really take better care of my
boys and I do I don't really often pluck
them except if like a hair like wild I
really really hate this bit of my
eyebrow like a lot cause them in a
little bit with a Rimmel with a Rimmel
professional I pencil I promise you that
I'm not being paid by Rimmel to say this
it's just because they're cheap and I
like cheap Baeza a barrier em Kohl
pencil when I you do eyeliner basically
this video project is showing you how
excited I was about to feels how nervous
I was for my exams and how many errands
I run every day I have to go return this
to the library which is the fourth and a
full series The West Wing I in the mall
at home but I'm not going to bring them
to university with me so I just keep
taking them out the library you can only
have over 24 hours the overdue fines for
libraries are 50p per hour so I have to
just kind of like go with the fray isn't
my tripod great I hope you guys had a
nice fun dressed up day and I'm going to
turn this bright light off and i'll see
you tomorrow bye guys
