guys I'm so now I think I slept about
four hours last night very very very
nervous but we're going to go do today's
challenge which is to see the sunset and
sunrise and the sunset I checked the
sunset today is during my exam so the
sunrise is going to have to do but I
will take you somewhere very special to
do that
so i'm here outside the cathedral and
google tells me the 813 is the official
time of the sunrise and that's kind of
what I'm waiting for it's just really
nice I kind of forget when your
university or surrounded by students all
the time I think there's a tendency to
forget that there are other people in
the world to those kids in the city or
like game school and and their dads and
moms going to like work and self just a
lot of life there's like a lot of
deliveries and yeah but I am very very
nervous very nervous about later today
and I'm so happy that fart lost ours is
finally out important of stars is a book
by my friend John Green when I was 14 I
fellows but one of the falasca and i
found it a very important time and it's
just a beautiful book i still think it's
a really beautiful book but the fault in
our stars has in every way surpassed it
and being interrupted but that's okay
cathedrals a bit older than me
I read The Fault in Our Stars a few
months ago now I actually read it and
this summer actually I read it the night
my dad died but its release date today
and it's strange having had that kind of
distance between reading book and the
experience think about it and stuff and
then now I'm seeing other people have
that very first experience it's very odd
really it really is quite odd because
it's been I guess in my my circle of
thought like there's particularly may
think about a lot accomplished than
actually particular passages in my head
that just kind of tattoos they know why
only right at the once and like don't
have a copy yet my copy search can
arrive in February apparently I didn't
know I hope it's a bit quicker than that
and but there's yeah just certain bits
with this that struck me so much that
it's great to see people begin to have
their experience with a book don't know
what do you want to say no just weekly
emotional about it I thinks it's like
this I'm quite nervous about this exam
but yeah it's really rare that i give
myself just time to sit and think i'm
not really one for kind of being still
or anything i think the concept just
confuses me like why be still when you
can be busy it's really bad for someone
who who likes and appreciates a lot of
them I guess meditative mindsets like
even silly things like Pilates I I still
occasionally find myself like great
being stills is fine but let's move
let's be noisy and loud and say
something in break those silences but
today was really nice and like I
couldn't help thinking of the burnt red
Sun of Gallifrey or something it was
something out of a film it was something
out of a home beside but it wasn't
something I expected to see and yet
happens every day I guess in a slightly
different way but every day all the same
home from exam a little while ago and I
was insane I was completely I mean I
didn't have to do if this goes well I
don't have to do a university exam ever
again I never ever did to exam I go
crazy and I feel like very high for a
long time and
I crashed and now just crashed suddenly
all those huge deprivation annoyances at
myself because i just realized i got
like five different quotations wrong and
all of that like that has all just hit
me it was really nice to start the day
out with just going to the cathedral and
sitting and watching the sunrise and and
it was lovely really so yeah the N
