I'm being fabulous the old school today
I'm filming the bathroom purely because
there's no lighting anywhere else the
acoustics quite nice today challenge was
to make a bet and this is the bet that I
made and then I'm going to rush off
because today's crazy I'm gay but to
university tomorrow for my last term
hope university I graduate in July so
yeah I'm gonna admit it I want to go do
that I'm gonna go get ready to do that
so there we go here's about hello who
are you in relation to me I am panther
no I mean like really when you're not a
hand by police is Mary Alice bump when
it's Maria's baby-g what are you doing
there in three weeks time the twenty
first of January oh and then what have
we been doing as a family we've been
betting on when it's gonna come how
heavy is going to be and if it's really
going to be a boy as they said and would
you eating panda hmm i think it's going
to be on time okay any faster January
hoping is gonna be seven pounds cuz my
love baby it was nine point nine pounds
and that was just too much oh no no no
no the person who wins i win i kinder
egg ah what did you bet right yeah well
I bet that it's gonna be eight point
nine pounds the two days early ok and a
boy okay so is that acceptable that it's
going to be penned it down I agree I
agree yes smaller smaller baby okay well
you know I hope that it's going to be
smaller but I bet it was a good bit
bigger thank you panda
