we got you get right up hi guys iris
honest I'm twisting too quick video ok
we know very number and really bad
making short video nice we're going to
do a quick one today about things that I
something I love a lot which is the
ocean seaside memories I forget
sometimes but son is going to care to me
to me today to me today I mean connect
to me today for you to look on flash
works and curls grew up quietly sighs
yes I grew up in an ankle cuff like in
the Netherlands which is if you imagine
England and you take plane and you go
east it's the first thing you're going
to hit and we're comfortable that
they're like lot they think it's
somewhere up near norway or something no
you can like you can hand we can stands
near go over and see it doesn't you can
actually see it but you know these
because if you had really good eyes yes
go like this a what i usually described
is a small fisherman's down and like
40,000 people but that's actually three
towns merge and we use have 20,000
people we have like a lighthouse we have
lot like we have like a museum of got
like which has a lot of like fishing
related stuff i like my car an island
with people Thunder to get that it's an
island the great British Isles yeah and
it's I have a really strong attachment
to the sea I've always not the ocean we
used to go down a lot to Brighton but
then also to Bournemouth and Poole and
Weymouth I went to work at the
University extra which is very near the
ocean and yeah I just just add to see a
lot growing up and then when I went out
to Mexico to visit my Mexican family we
would often drive down to Acapulco and
go and enjoys a very warm sounds that
other summers we would sometimes go down
to the south of France and enjoy the
warm CW and recently I went on a holiday
off spot laughing rap I mean is like a
shut shut myself off break I went to
Mykonos and which is the little islands
it'll be guided and in a few months
wicked cool food it's gonna be so much
okay so I love to see that you have a
weird religion see I think my problem is
just that I grew up near it so it wasn't
very special and also people in the
summer I hate hot Sun hot weather I love
the london weather is fine by me
and but basically people would just want
to go to the beach all the time and so
did my friend I was like first of all I
I don't like being stuck in a place and
so I didn't like baking out in the Sun I
didn't like the sand I just got very I
get very hot and I get very sluggish I
get very little and I just prefer being
in the shade and so because of that I
think I sort of never appreciated the
ocean as much ition if I was literally a
ten-minute cycle from being on the beach
shut joy yes my of joy however any we
didn't have a satin problem here because
I features are most successful okay you
paddle away ball one of the points in
our list is I hate pebble beaches that
will be just a little uncomfortable and
I hate I hate them I love you niall hate
it I prefer finally reaches funny i will
be trouble nitrogen does not exist what
you now know why this is are my bitches
I saying I'm better which is our beach
in there look at revelation that has
very large pieces of salmon yeah well
they need some time to come hey you'll
be back into balunians I'm not into it
now I do I love a sandy beach I love the
kind of sound if my favorite kind of
sounds kind of time to get Makka pakka
which is like just really hot very soft
and I like to really fight for the sand
in the mountains is a bit more course I
have some like Beach horror stories one
of them is kind of gross it's a piece of
sea shell being stuck in my foot
breaking off and then being in there for
two months and making it really hard for
me to walk because that was like under
the soil and yeah anyway so that's the
kind of stories that like to hear and
stop screaming about have you can
interview potatoes up when she's a felon
and she's talking about how her least
favorite thing of CH and no and because
they just biking to you all my god when
I was a great last time I went swimming
and I didn't know there was going to be
sea urchins we were on this tour and
then once I was in the water the way to
get back was over the sea urchins and we
were sent a swimming there's really
shallow water and I was like don't worry
I'll just cut out of your foot of your
step on one that's like Oh
oh yeah I know thank you I know but I
love the sea I love that I love any kind
of see I think growing up in the UK has
made me love cold water means that I
look like yeah I can swim and have swum
in like October and former and the rain
and more reason calls I like the warmth
I like to see on the east coast of the
US like you're in miami and a/c is just
a woman sooo tasty and i like the cold
sea again the Pacific I've got two
favorite see memories okay coming up
even though I'm sitting in that minute I
used to go to the beach a lot with my
grandma yes Troy this year and she used
to collect these big shells that very
awesome have a tiny little hole at the
top because I think I don't know what
it's like either erosion North like an
animal has been like eaten from it or
something I don't know anyways they
naturally had little holes at the top
and she would make strings out about and
like to put them on the wall so we would
like go to the beach together and
collect them but they were like a very
specific kind many other shells which
she was like ok these the ones were
looking for and we look at that salon
chizik now that's not London logo for
that also apparently the dutch queen
used to ride her horse on the beach and
my grandma once meant to queens which is
right here horse mostly my other
favorite just like beach activity is
walking on the beach in autumn and
winter so you like you're bundled up
it's really cold but because the beach
is pretty flat you can just like walk
across regions are really really nice
and so I like that way more than like
the beach and summer I love the beach
and sun but i also just really
appreciate it could reach walk i think
it's so cleansing i think i'm going over
to my channel before how light I feel
like the way to read teach you how to
breathe and they teach you how to slow
down and you can learn a lot from them
and like that basically hippie a so I'll
ever get in my life and yeah I plan it
really soothing so it's very common to
like walk alongside as well I'm not just
to sit in my mother as well electricity
too but I've actually never been on many
beach holidays because we're we live
close to the beach so let me go we go to
like lakes or we go to the countryside
because that's the stuff we don't really
get you again much up yeah I'm time
seeing what my my favor
each memories where I feel like there's
just too many to really name but one of
my favorite times was I mean a couple
grand how much if I think about that is
very developed and very like touristy
and that I remember going to a little
restaurant that was right on the beach
it was right next one of these huge huge
resort hotels but it was completely like
made out of essentially corrugated
cardboard and corrugated metal and they
start the most amazing feature sobczak
when I saw eight fish and it was
brilliant fresh fish was delicious and
then you could just go right into the
water we walk down the beach and they
were setting the little sea turtles free
and we help them better use the water
and make sure like the ones that like
couldn't quite make it we went back in
and guided them in and make sure that
the version eat them the moment look
because they do that so that was the one
with many fun memories but I love the
ocean i did a banana boat ride once no I
urbanovsky my I don't know see
activities no lot of them don't like a
little bit of like kayaking and snowball
grease on swimming jumped some ways yeah
always good fun way okay one thing I
really was just about what food fighters
beach yeah there is what part with
peaches cream ice cream ice cream but
for me it's more like chips because the
C matrix of hungry and I want you guys
I'll see there that's not really big
think there's one big thing which is
restaurants on the beach not on the
beach side on the beach so my time has
dunes which cover thee which sort of
like you've got the last rope houses
then you've got the street then you've
got pavement and you've got dunes which
is essex and that's it looks like below
sea level so you know good as necessary
they made the dunes higher in my town
yeah i like a couple of meters okay yeah
you can't always see the ocean if you're
walking on the pavement but then this
big path waist down so you get down onto
the beach path the dunes and then that's
where restaurants are okay and they're
called all their cult beach 10 to fish
10 but actual 10 but they're just like
restaurants there I think they're open
all year but usually they have like
seating outside there are a lot of
people do like wedding receptions and
they parties and events like that and it
means that you can have a nice drink and
you're almost sitting on the beach so
you know I'm put your and dry fans free
and warm and yeah that's like we're in
the summer you go get like some ice
cream even though there's like
particular gelato stands as well but
yeah a my town there's like probably 10
or something in a row adam has their
favorites and there's parties in the
summer and that's a big part of the lake
beach entertainment I guess that's
pretty fun i love i mean i'm a huge fan
of sandwiches on the beach and excited
and they taste better and other things
are like when there's appear and you're
going you claim i thought you would have
to buy some rock brighton rock I have
never heard this before until like a
year ago yeah I never even really like
work then what came up rocks but I just
like I was a quencher and obviously
can't redo up um but I enjoy it I enjoy
it I'd like I like that just like the
whole experience about the beach speech
engine I wish you could come with my
Beach I also visit your boots for its
players Oklahoma I'll come visit you if
you come to my Malibu beach okay well I
guess I can do that I also really
enjoyed putting my feet into the ocean
in LA when i was there that was a really
really fun and I also remember one beach
in must've in Florida was in a road trip
through Florida with my dad and we just
stopped for a bit and there was this
like really white not entirely wife it
was like the brightest p lily and you
walk through some trees and there's a
little like wooden pathway and then
you're like is also i found this is
really strange in Florida the sky which
is really why to decide what it's weird
it was wider than anywhere i've never
been and all that beaches off that's
kind of something yeah yeah it's a
really quick yes i think there's an easy
bit quicker so to know i don't
understand like everyone comments well i
think that's about it i think we've done
some seaside memories me you tell us
your favorite seaside memories in
comment oh and if your opinion on pebble
beaches i'm curious about if there's
anyone who's never been to beach before
mmm thank you for joining me and show
you ever again memories I'll never
forget when you go up by a pitch against
going to check out other videos that you
should look console a schmuck from 12 to
talk about books more than beaches but
you will be just about travel sometimes
too and being a dutch person and other
it was a question from this beautiful
head it's just my head just that by
great
