I woke up this morning at around 7:45
when the light was still tinny and
everything was a bit gray outside
I wondered how quiet the streets with me
this morning after the raucous tonight's
New Year's Eve so I quickly prepared
myself breakfast and got ready to go
outside remind me to do this walk every
year two or three people about this
trade it's really beautiful and peaceful
and now it's really gray outside as you
saw from this morning but it's amazingly
mild actually so it's really nice in a
recent video as recent as 2011 I
mentioned that I don't really like New
Year's resolutions and I you know one of
the reasons why I matched is that it's
kind of an opportunity for everyone to
community to fail that's something
another reason I think is that quite
static I don't know if that really makes
any any sense but I find them very
static I find them very aimed at these
same things every year and they just
kind of don't seem to promote keeping
that energy going throughout 2012 even
though they're supposed to this year I'm
going to try and beat that static
quality I'm gonna try and hit the ground
running with 2012 in terms of videos but
in terms of energy in doing things watch
me over there
which pain
playing bridge pain early this week
someone who's working with channel 4
contacts with me to let me know what
this thing called to try something new
revolution first thing you have to tell
you basically is that I'm going to be
making a video from about 30 seconds
long to my full length normal vlogs
everyday in January but when it
officially comes under is this thing
called the New Year's Revolution which
is a program ok a program a website a
Facebook or Twitter account that channel
for starting for obviously the whole
month of January the win Deena smell of
the flames mean that this a bit words
actually drowned out since the
voice-over but basically what it is is
that every day in January so all 31 days
they'll be a new channels posted and
then once you've completed that
challenge you will post proof fit to the
website for example once I've completed
this video then I'm going to copy and
paste a youtube link and go to
revolution don't channel food or come
and put in this as proof as video proof
of these channels that you will see me
completing in a bit you don't even have
to make a video to take climate
challenges but obviously that's the way
that I like to function with my life so
that's why I'm taking part and it kind
of Falls it with my whole new years
either so you're gonna do something
basically just for the whole of January
I'd probably give up on it at least by
like the 15th of February or wherever
why you would just do one thing rather
than do like a bunch of really fun
little things and accomplishing them all
so the first challenge was set today I
signed up to that you know if it's right
in my own box and that's to thank
someone that you don't normally think
make it thank you cool write a letter or
even upload a message or a video I think
most of them will be in bed right now I
probably won't want to be woken up but
either no wake them up anyway or leave
messages on their hearts phone
just went to thank you for being such a
brilliant friend in 2011 and thank you
for dyeing my hair pink and blue and
just thank you for all the like many
incredible wonderful things that you've
loved means yeah it's been really lovely
to see you again after being away in
America and I yes I hope that we see
lots of each other in 2012 when I still
hear all the time thank you for being a
really good sister
I want to thank Georgie for sorting out
my housing situation and in the process
introducing you to six lovely girls I
don't think everyone who has asked me
the summer particularly of make Arianna
Tyler Festina Melissa Lizzie Edward John
my YouTube subscribers so that's what
I'm gonna be doing for pretty much all
of January it's gonna be great you
should let me know if you're gonna take
part in comments I hope you guys know
and appreciate that I wouldn't just kind
of promote a old city things that a
company asked me to do there is no price
that people can pay to make me be
sincere about something if I don't want
to be hand on my heart I don't think you
can put a price on sincerity and even if
you could that is not something that I
am willing to give up whatsoever so yeah
this is the first thing that I've kind
of have been happy to promote
