hey everyone so today I want to talk a
bit about like experience differences
between genders not as doji's that
sounds may be when we talk about eyes a
lot like in magazines and stuff when
talk about them as a gender it's mostly
kind of in a negative way expressions
like oh if only men gave birth to many
men had periods only men XY is then I
think normally those differences are
talked out in a really negative respect
but there are some experiences that I
genuinely really wish guys could have
because there's some feelings I feel
like they're never gonna get to
experience and they just won't
understand the joy of some of these
things and they're quite random and
they're quite sparse I think there's
about five feel free to add more in the
comments and also tell me if I'm just
not okay is the feeling of exhilarating
removal of clothes specifically things
like taking off heels now I know in that
jenna Marbles talks about taking shoes
and clubs and that being necessarily the
best oh dear and it also looks cut it
stupid when you do take a few pills it
just feels so good and you feel so free
and your feet just kind of roll along
the floor unless they cut into glass or
some kind of needle feels kind of
annoying because they're not the time he
has to buy them in a smaller size then
your foot is which is really really bad
for your feet if you buy them bigger
sometimes they fall off same goes for
spikes there's tummy control pants that
they have in Bridget Jones diary you
know some other stuff you get used to
them after a while they do do wonders
for that kind of immediate sucking in
thing compressing your body there's also
a thing that we're kind of a nervous if
you have when you're wearing them is
that you'll fall asleep in them and no
matter how big or small you are they
will just dig in in the most like
horrible wet of scenes just cut in so
taking up space is a really nice nice
feeling the third one the kind of
removal category is taking off bronze
don't get too excited feeling of not
having to be bound and constricted
that's why the banjos are so amazing
because they're just like little pieces
of cloth like one other just so grime
and would really benefit from having
just even one experience with being
tightly bound into something full of
wire and elastic and then just taking it
off here's a verbal cold shower for you
if any of you boys are getting a little
bit too excited at that last point
periods the periods generally like
account both crap but there are some
good things if you're one of those
normal people not one those amazingly
superpower regular people have on the
same daily exactly the same time every
single month realizing that it's your
time of the month can be this great
grand moment of euphoric religious
revelation that's why I was Moody that's
why I've been acting like an absolute
chaos also a relief as well because
everyone
tends to get a little kind of water
weight around their periods and it's
always just like Oh self-loathing
slugging everything about myself is
horrible I like sporty and flowery yeah
but then you get your period and
everything's okay it's just it's a
simple moment of joy you feel like
you've won over your body moving swiftly
on words and not should be said for
being the preferred gender of both Ryan
Gosling and Quinn Fabray have you seen
these people they're beautiful and
perfect so I'm a person who doesn't
believe in like physical perfection
whatsoever like I made a really weird
video about it a while ago if that me
move Ryan Gosling will hey boy that just
wouldn't be to say now would it
secondarily I do realize that couldn't
for Bray is a fictional character but
that doesn't change anything I still
want to be a love interest I mean
there's a long looks like he's not just
Frankel so it's also like every person
ever Villa James Franco but a favorite
tenant you know that whole pantheon if I
believe in one thing just one thing I
believe in her next there's also all
these articles about chocolate that
encourage women to eat chocolate saying
it's like fantastic for you I am NOT
gonna argue with that I would say that
is a wonderful thing about being female
you are told to eat chocolate and pure
chocolate lastly if you're female
there's always a chance that you'll be
spontaneously cars from America's Next
Top Model or Britain's Next Top Model
Canada's Next Top Model Australia's Next
Top Model and that would be a good thing
free stuff and you get to go and go
seize and you get to go to another
country and then Tyra calls you fears
and everything's good you were openly a
dancer like chick flicks you're in fact
encouraged like chick flicks which is
probably a bad thing but being able to
allow selective clicks is good because I
know a lot of guys tonight chick flicks
and then claims are not like to expect
they clearly like chick flicks chick
flicks I think there are a lot of
injustice is aligned with being female
but it's things I've mentioned in this
video I mean they're undoubtedly good
things that undoubtedly gifts the world
is given to us how guys in the worst
community channel will be a new video up
in two days see them baby on a baby baby
baby I know okay
