hey everyone hope you're doing well
first of all is this video is just a
massive thank you for the support that
you gave me for my project for awesome
video and it was just incredible I
really didn't expect almost to get to
1,000 pounds but I will never
underestimate you again because we got
there in like seven hours and people
kept donating right now I think we're up
to 1,000 343 pounds 45 gift ages like 88
pounds of screen as well which is just
incredible so thank you so much like
you've any emails pretty much every day
from people donating like ppl donate on
Christmas it means the world to me and
it also means the world to love you I
would have thought because go to the
comments after protocol awesome it's
always a bit weird there's always stuff
that ties into like the live stream so
there was a lot of make John lick kids
dog they were also these amazing
comments for people who've gone through
the same thing as I had weather with
parents or grandparents or cousins or
friends or you know brothers and sisters
and they were also like four or five
comments from people who'd had strokes
themselves and most of them i think all
if it were in their 20s when the hand
strokes got a few messages from people
asking me when it's going to close
because they don't get paid until the
end of the month just going to keep open
for a while at least until like
mid-january the end of january two other
big thanks as well got youtube who
tweeted about my video from the official
youtube account and maybe for a very you
know cool important as i can thanks as
well to John for talking about it during
the live stream project for some was
great and left me with such a good
feeling why someone vacuuming I think it
was the best project for awesome Ally
since 2007 which was such like a strange
little guerrilla campaign in its own
right had my friends Lex and Marian over
and we all spam round together an ate
pizza and what should I live love
actually but mainly just commented
converted commented to be honest the
rest of the Christmas holidays has been
like that bit so far I mean I've been at
work a few days and then I've also just
been seeing friends and hanging out and
having a pretty laid-back time but it
just doesn't it's just not really
Christmas and their bit of it that felt
bit christmasy there was we had a pin
out in my house and and just things like
that but it's just not really
Christmas though you may be like already
saw this yeah i mean i think early to
the faster it's going to be a bit of a
shock but but yeah although i kind of
hate me as resolutions because it's
weird join consensus that you're going
to break them after a while or you're at
least going to be excused from keeping
yourself to them that really annoys me
and I much i'll make my resolutions
mid-year or whatever i have lined up
lots of exciting creative projects both
on here and elsewhere the 2012 some
quite excited about that and I graduates
like that and I grow up and even you
know this room isn't my room anymore is
actually someone else's room but they're
not here right now so I'm using it goods
got the best light or you can't see our
seven huge boxes and packed up books and
then stacks and stacks of books on top
of them that I still need to pack up so
I've kind of also been getting my room
into a state that I'm ready to move
house move home move out whenever which
is also kind of scary I thank you so
much for your donations I will talk to
you guys soon
where's rosanna and then Wilson Oh
perfect
