let's play a game called guess what
piece of work Rosanna is avoiding doing
in order to make a video havin a drink
calendar because tomorrow is December
first meaning the Christmas cheer can
officially start as we know I regulate
my Christmas cheer within the month of
december i don't really like pre-emptive
Christmas cheer arguably it kind of
spills over into January until the three
kings come because that's the big
Mexican tradition the three kings come
and kindly leave some nice presence in
your shoes not animal poo but until
between okie apart from outside of those
times a little bit in tween between the
crystals can't be celebrated that is the
truth in related news white wine in the
Sun normally a song that makes me
sentimental anyway has made me extremely
sentimental this year because it was it
just shuffled on my playlist the other
day that could be interesting because I
like my number one Christmas song and
now it just makes me really sad so kids
all good things other good things didn't
win the lottery again but it occurs to
me that every time I play the lottery
some part of my head assumes that i'm
gonna win that mindset cost effect well
i know you know i'm not an obsessive
gambler I don't play the lottery often
so the fact that I'm choosing to play
this time shorting means I'm going to
win also because I'm i'm using the
completely random device from asking my
Twitter followers using their biases
rather than my own to pick numbers and
worse than that not only do I become
convinced that i'm going to win the
lottery i then start to spend the money
in my head and pay off my debt to my
head which is always found part of you i
think it's genuinely surprised when
other numbers come up and I don't wind
which is stupid which is really stupid
and it's especially stupid because if
that whole reasoning comes from the fact
that I'm not a regular lottery player
but I look back at my Twitter to see
that I've played the lottery pretty much
every week for the past two months think
that kind of makes me a regular lottery
player it does pay off sometimes I have
one two occasions one about seven pounds
from the lottery I can really understand
now when people get properly addicted to
gambling because it's there's a part of
your mind that just thinks what if so
YouTube charted rihanna's descent into a
life of gambling addiction next step
online poker I think was a BBC that
recently interviewed someone on the news
about like their poker living off poker
it's really funny seeing all these kind
of news corporation's and magazines and
things trying to come around to YouTube
as a lifestyle I mean they've been doing
this on and off for years now since like
two thousand seven or whenever it was
that Charlie occurred of BBC News think
I was like the first major kind of news
interest on video blogging I guess but
they just get everything wrong they just
don't understand it they always try and
make it more gimmicky than it really is
and it just it's frustrating so the next
thing I will be doing the next thing
you'll probably see here hopefully if I
get my together it's a kind of
little press pack of what YouTube is and
what logging is I can't really you know
claim to summarize that I'm not like the
master of YouTube wish the best way of
course for people to find out what
YouTube is is to actually spend time
looking through the major players and
the minor players and trying maybe
trying out for themselves rather than
just doing generic crap that everyone
does it's just frustrating because
people make so many mistakes when
they're reporting it's just crap so it's
crap I think crap is my word of the day
cuz I'm feeling I feel quite crap really
like I just can't many motivate myself
to do my work and that's very unusual
for me I normally really get adrenaline
from work today that's just not the case
I'm writing my dissertation proposal how
many of you guessed that I am writing my
dissertation proposal it's hard and you
know I'm very much a Babel protesting
and the right to protest but at the same
time all the public-sector strikes are
kind of happening some of the protesters
being really noisy and it's annoying
because it's only students around these
streets where you have so much work to
do November it's crunch time as I'm sure
you know and it's not even really
November anymore and then I'll be able
to open its a window of my lovely advert
calendar I think I have gone insane I
think this is the documentation of my
mania and also my descent into gambling
addiction okay the end by that was a
fake end this is the real why do all my
real and end with my hair across my face
because I have so much hacks I'm alive
for our
