this is my friend Wolfgang he's coming
to stay for a bit as is this disgusting
cold and this is wini he's a babe I was
in a china shop earlier in the week and
you know charity shops always a bit
creative about how they like to spray
their products they're trying to use as
many ways as possible to spray the weird
things that people bring in to sell so
the DVD rack was a little bit unusual
but it was on a spinner I was standing
when the spin on which was very small
and slowly turning it and looking at all
the DVD titles hanging in clearly still
engaging with the spinner and this woman
comes out like stage left I don't even
know in appears and Sunday stop spinning
the spin around without saying even
though i'm sorry i'm just going to be a
moment or like I'm sorry that I nearly
killed you with my tornado of spinning
DVDs she's just completely harshed my
mellow it made me very sad and I've been
in bed ever since what else do they mean
like Shakespeare still dead Thomas
Heywood still dead oh yeah and I have to
finish this book by tomorrow s'alright
and that's when I alright bye
