bad people that we don't know when to
stop making a shopping montage we're
having dinner and I'm a daiquiri sorry
it is really nice you promise
dying was very good seeing this summer
and this summer I was like oh I mean
want to do it then I never got around to
it but then I was looking at the only
Beauty videos I ever looked at which is
the lauren conrad the beauty department
and the lauren conrad kind of tips
videos because i find them really clear
and quick and i didn't like to spend a
lot of time thinking about that sort of
thing i like that they break them up
into kind of two minute videos and i
also liked the clear step by steps and
the use of images is really good and I
think the website is designed really
really well so I saw this picture on the
website from the summer of Lauren Conway
getting her hair done like this now sent
the link to let sounds like look this is
really really cool and Lex was planning
to come down here anyway and so she
agreed to do that to my hat
