I'm always time to me to study more
especially because I feel like when I
went to university I really put myself
in a box and that's something that I
regret I had such vivid memories of
being in conversation with my head
teacher at secretary school and talk
about what degree I was going to get
what subject has been a write my
dissertation on and then what mal gates
do and it's funny looking back at it now
because it's so so far from what ended
up focusing on but I also think that I
really did put limits on myself right
when I was considering lately whether I
would want to go back to university I
was asked whether I was too interested
in making the Libre Goldsmith so the
timing was pretty crazy anyway I said
yes very quickly because God's rest
which is based in New Cross in southeast
London and is known for its creative
reputation me exemplifies the kind of
interdisciplinary space and approach I
wish I've had when applying to
University when I was 16 or 17 you know
how old I was when I apply to University
I was told but did not properly realize
that the one subject I were to study
English I often saw as an isolated and
condemned ik field in and of itself is
in fact of course into woven into other
departments and people and histories see
in an interdisciplinary space board of
the deepest beauty as in an appreciation
you have for subjects but also even
stores other subjects and topics that
you never knew about I kind of lightly
touched on this early when I
incorporated images photographs into my
dissertation and also when I tried to
write about diet coke adverts like
rulers but there wasn't yet properly at
the heart the teaching at the Uni I
ended up her and my personal interest in
trying that different approach I spoke
to David who's a PhD candidate a
goldsmith also did his undergrad and
Elliott got him so he's been in the
family for a while I asked when he could
tell me a little bit more about what
life for God's medicals like he did a
PhD that's kind of roughing around the
apocalyptic and dystopia the tense of
time of it as I build an apocalypse so
I'm kind of looking at taller form
ecology and this notion about lost
futures in modern literally cultures
before I start and that avails
quite a big fan of to Ebola it is a very
great module called writing gender and
anxiety on my in my theory of mind good
that can open my Isis wider notion of
kind of dissing the answers of levels of
social tour my going on in and our
literature represents that so kind of
looking the things make a feminist lens
or from a trauma studies lens or even
looking at some kind of a historical
context I mean girls in it comes its own
meditation is can be really
forward-thinking progressive in the arts
and humanities but you actually can do
get a sense of that like I'm now
currently involved within the Goldsmith
literature seminars which is a weekly
event that runs South the entire
academic year and after space we're in
people doing postgraduate research or
even master students and we extended to
the Creative Writing undergrad students
can have a space to kind of try out new
ideas and discuss what we're they're
looking at the moment and just sometimes
it's a good space that helps get walked
in here a little bit because yeah you
can sort of kind of tribe yourself a
little bit coffee just sitting it yeah
afternoon I died since the MBA courses
for Gossman and I picked out courses
that I was curious about I was really
drawn to the MA and black British
writing which is taught by few
professors and is really timely
considering the interiors and Levin has
daily found that often 14,000 and also
professors there are in the UK only 50
for them were black and although 50 most
of them were outside the humanities so
expanses master's arrival may be an MA
in socio-cultural linguistics will pique
your interest and within those subjects
there are many pathways that you can
take so if you do for example and may in
literary studies you can do Shakespeare
early and modern modern literature or
the part of it I'd be particularly drawn
to literature the Caribbean and its
diasporas what can I say I love nano
Hopkinson just became an extremely fun
project and I've encouraged it follows
to you I would love to hear about the
courses that you've interested in taking
whether that's a Goldsmith or another
university or curious about explosives
that aren't just your specialist subject
and combine it with another some of the
other enemies that combine with the area
in politics development under global
self and EMA in cultural policy
relations and diplomacy
someone's gonna rule the world right I
went to university at the University of
Exeter because I thought if I didn't
leave London I never would and one of
them I tried something new there's
something like London it
that makes for such a rich parallel to
the cross disciplinary learning
experience even when I was at home for a
week I packed my evenings with music and
lectures and arts and also just being
around the constant buzz and hassle that
London provides on many levels I think
learning is just incorporated into the
London experience at University I had a
bit of a tendency to sign up for clubs
maybe go to one session and then never
go again really wish I persisted and
having done so I might have become
involved in student radio or the campus
magazine I felt like a tiny grain of
sand with a big ocean when I was at
university looking back a big part of
that was self doubt about Stephanie
helped my comfort zone that comfort zone
was English literature my cool way in my
student residence YouTuber in my free
time it's outside of a little boxes that
we make connections not connections in
the cold hodgins action away but in the
spark that happens when we look at ideas
were paintings a business proposal or
philosophy in a different light so that
speaks to some of your questions about
my university experience and whether I'd
want to return to study and I would look
forward to seeing in comments what kinds
of courses you'd consider study and dive
into the course catalog and let me know
what takes your fancy but
