I was in Marks and Spencers earlier
today at the Tesco next door don't been
a power cut so understandably everyone
rushed to the box Spencer to do their
shopping once I picked out my roasted
red peppers and my portobello mushroom I
got into self-service checkout in front
of me there was a lady who can have been
queuing for more than two minutes or so
there are about 10 people in the queue
it was quite slow because there were two
checkouts open but that was unsampled
they were restarting all of them because
of the power cut and the tills actually
had real people and I'm had massive
massive queue so I thought I better stay
in the self-service checkout as I say
she can't have been queuing for more
than two minutes I think two minutes is
an exaggeration should probably cube for
you know a minute before when standing
in front of me she started muttering
ridiculous ridiculous is absolutely
ridiculous the next five minutes she
continued it as mutter ridiculous
ridiculous as though hoping that I would
join the conversation with her and say
oh how great is that a power cut have
made service 5-10 minutes long rather
than you know two seconds what an
outrage it really is that we have two
supermarkets next to one another so if
we can just pop to the other one when
one is closed how terribly unfair that
they've built these machines for us that
make our shopping experience quicker
really what a terrible shame needless to
say I had very little sympathy for her
muttering but who knows she might have
had a bad day happens a lot in kiosk use
supermarket queues all sorts of kids
very rare that you see someone being
direct about that anger if something's
not quite working out they wanted it to
be but there is a lot of muttering I
feel like that's a very kind of tense
exercise if they let people just
mushroom to themselves anxious inwards
feeling can't stop thinking of the slide
in the television program the West Wing
series is one of my favorite of all time
and it's set in the white house and the
line I kept thinking of comes from an
episode called Posse Comitatus focuses a
lot on whether or not it's right for the
leaders of one country to decide to
execute an important government official
in another country someone explains to
the president that if they do go through
the execution they can't do it on
American soil and the president says the
things we choose to care about he says
it quite dismissively quite despairing
me he's really stuck because he's a
person who has to decide whether or not
to do this but you as he says in later
the episode is just rolled it's
completely and utterly wrong I think
there's a lot of hope in the things we
choose to care about I think there's a
lot of good to be found in it think that
choice is the most important thing we
have and you get to university in your
first year loose if you're doing English
and everything's constructed and built
and and it seems very false in that and
we've all made it ourselves by now I
realize that it's not really so much
that it made up and it's fake
everything we've lived as a lights more
than it's all destruction that we have
to be aware of and we have to be aware
of the strength of that structure upon
us and our strength of ourselves within
that structure in many ways our only
power in those systems we live in are
the things we choose to care about those
systems are made up of the things we've
just care about the first cut of this I
said it was a foundation of
nerdfighteria and friends I found
through a common love of television
shows and books that in reality it's so
much bigger than that I just I keep
finding it reinforce that the things
which used to care about make us it's
our choices of deployments you know very
very Harry Potter very helpful to
knowledge that it plays into a video I
made around this time last year when i
talked about yielding to rage and not
yield into rage letting something roll
off your back while then letting it get
to you is like I think probably the
hardest lesson i've have to learn and
i'm a very stubborn person I'm a Leo you
know so for whatever that means I think
it means I'm a very stubborn person and
then again we have to be careful not to
become passive people if you don't care
about anything because it's easier not
to care I think you're equally as
unhappy if you care about everything too
much hi friends Lauren and Matt got
married and they asked me to read from
the last page of paper towels and in
there it's all about a choice of
metaphor and why that's important now
that really redefines a way we're
thinking how they're in a way claims
certain truths about the world and about
people about everyone our choices say so
much about us to other people as well as
to ourselves being aware that you have a
choice of what positive of what you get
upset by what makes you happy in a way
we sometimes pretend that those choices
aren't really choices and that they're
kind of visceral reactions like natural
reactions I don't know that that's
entirely true I think that there are
things that we choose to care about and
I think that those things for most
things direct that makes sense swing and
