hello looking to my lovely hotel room i
am here by myself i will be joined by
other people I was here with alex alex
is left Sarah will be coming as well
then we'll all go on an adventure but
until that point let me tell you a story
and i arrived in the USA when she say
the first thing I needed to do was top
up my mobile phone but in the UK because
so many people use pay-as-you-go they
make top up really really easy whereas
in the US you'll find have to find like
an AT&T shop or a phone shop that will
specifically have the top up card so
it's just a pain me off bear in mind
that I had barely slept you're just
putting on this flight knew that I was
gonna be on a train for two hours going
up to better college of hotel we go to
the AT&T shop and i buy a $25 top card
which of course without with sales tax
thing and actually cost me twenty seven
dollars for $25 topic no sense it makes
no sense standard my money okay is it
quite a big note it's a fifty dollar
note it's like not the smallest or most
convenient note in the world and I
understand that they probably get a lot
of tourists coming through that he pay
with fifty dollar notes however i would
say that given me twenty three dollars
in single dollar bills is absolutely
uncles the guys Martin said to me hey
that's all I've got as if I would assume
that he was extremely cool and suave and
it was his personal stash leftovers from
you know the tip to give to strippers or
something it just completely threw me
off in my weird jet lag stage that was
an interesting story you know else's
interesting Pete support I'm getting a
bit crazy here three it by itself we
spent two and a half hours going 10
miles pajamas with three is speaking in
a really bad American accent that is
apparently what I do you know I my
computer in grab the Miss extra has
promised man
