my birthday week starts with a family
brunch and a rewatching of harry potter
the deathly hallows part 2 I continue to
love it and cry at it was my mother
continues to wonder aloud why they
didn't just kill Harry the baby and
spare him the agony I think JK Rowling
has dedicated some time explaining the
answer to that particular question my
birthday was really made by a happy
birthday wish tweet from Stephen Fry of
whom I'm a huge fan I haven't quite
worked out if anyone helped make that
happen but if they did then thank you
thank you thank you was a really
terrific surprise on Tuesday I went to
the airport I mean I've got someone very
special now let's just see creator and
founder all yet coloring book so that
you don't have to come into it I'm so
into it
LD
despite you know it takes
oh it's not
really christina and lex had never
climbed a lion in Traverse Square before
we had to rectify this
I then spent the evening with Christina
Charlie and Alex I was persuaded by the
frequency of giggles emerging from
Charlie's room when I arrived at their
flat coupled with the persuasive and
created charm of Kristina Horner to
begin watching the television program
community I now agree with Christina's
assessment that it is one of if not the
best written program on television at
the moment at least on us television and
at least until Aaron Sorkin's annex
project comes on TV I really want Aaron
Sorkin's new newsroom TV show to a
launch in April purely so I can spend
the next few months going is it April
yet why would April be here oh so far
away for a belated birthday celebration
seven of us went bowling at the all-star
bowling lanes in London kind of a 50s
retro Americana style bowling alley it's
really nice there's only five bowling
lanes there's a few of them around
there's three all star lanes and there's
also greens free bowling which does a
similar thing and they gave me a
birthday card things i learned that
night i am very bad at bowling but
extremely good at picking out tasty
cocktails Lex of course pick the
cocktail that is so strong you can't buy
more than two were you drinking right
now zombie it was fun we ate pizza
everyone else is quite nonchalant and
melissa is checking her phone so jazz
and everything was great and then
yesterday I'd say goodbyes Christina
which was really sad because she's kind
of been around for the whole process of
everything the only person was he was
probably around for more of it was
Ariana weird to kind of not have her
around even though she was only here for
three days happy birthday despite the
circumstances would probably be the
stolen phrase that would best some this
week up the emptiness hasn't gone yet
and it was even more noticeable when I
opened my birthday caught up from my mom
and it didn't have my dad's tiny writing
in it when I didn't hear his voice
seeing the man yanique does in the
morning when my family came in and woke
me up as per Mexican traditions a great
tradition because people bring presents
and then you get open them and you're in
bed you revenge me of presents and your
cards and it's great and they're singing
it was like this very absent voice and
it was extremely noticeable when I
rewatched the only Harry Potter film
that he will never see he being the
person who introduced me to the series
when I was 6 and also the fact that
we've all seen the Harry Potter films
together and over the years since the
very first one so it was very strange
but I do have to say despite the
circumstances and thanks to friends and
family alike I had a very happy birthday
stop that with that camera
