I've been really really busy which is
kind of peculiar because I suppose to
some degree I imagine that the whole
process as I've come to call it would be
a lot more moping around the house and
watching old home videos and just
generally been very slow rather than
feeling rushed off my feet and not
really having a moment's pause maybe
that just says things about me and how I
choose to deal with situations I much
prefer to keep myself busy not
necessarily to distract myself but just
because being busy is what I enjoy more
than anything else in the world anyway
so today was one of the few days that I
had a chance to be at home and you know
tidy my room and stuff which had
accumulated a lot of things had it
really unpacked properly from America
and there's just things just kind of
everywhere I didn't really know how they
got everywhere I was missing some
library books and I found them under a
huge part of clothes I'm starting to
prepare for university as well my desk
is a mess and now it's all clear and
nice then I came across something that
gave me a bit of pause it is a sealed
and unopened father's day card grown-up
thing written on the front I didn't give
this to my dad because I was angry at
him on fathers day and I can't remember
why I was angry at him and now it seems
like the most stupid thing in the world
you know like it just it seems
ridiculous and I hope lots of you took
part in s today I hope that you told
your family that you love them because
it is the most difficult thing at least
for me I find it extremely hard because
I like to be stubborn I'm not
particularly good at appealing to my
most vulnerable part of me in fear may
be that it shows some kind of weakness
inside of me like that is something that
I'm really really bad at and now it just
seems like I feel like such an idiot I
really do I know that I can't just
completely beat myself up on it i mean
if i were going to regret things i would
get a lot more than just not giving him
this Father's Day card but it would have
been such a simple little gesture and I
was thinking a lot not only about Esther
and you know that being her wish for
Esther day but also about was a frank at
VidCon and the way he was talking
everything he does just seems to promote
this kindness miss mentality of taking
the time for people I don't know if you
manage to make it out but in the video
I uploaded a little while ago with my
recap kind of VidCon and all that other
stuff the clip of Zaire Frankie's him
actually saying that say taking the time
to compose a perfect facebook message
and just be like I'm going to hit you
with a little kind of bowl of love that
makes a huge difference if kind of I've
always known that that's made a huge
difference and I've always tried to do
that to my fullest but it's when you
come across things like this the
unopened father's day card that you just
think like it really would have been so
much easier just to be kind they really
would have and the worst thing is I
can't remember why I was angry at here
which just goes to show that it really
didn't matter that much and as long as
we're being honest here you to blast
esterday I didn't tell my parents I love
them and now I regret it now I really
regret it so I know it's about 10 days
late but to be honest esterday doesn't
have to be just once a year so for all
of you who like me skipped out and
saying I love you and for those of you
who are just that good that you want to
say it every single day spread the love
guys i'm reading the collected stories
of Lydia Davis right now incredible
collection of short stories featuring a
wide variety of extremely anxious and
paranoid women I'll let you know more
when I'm done stay well everyone
