stupid part is the part where I decided
to serve myself some strawberry frozen
yogurt just before a comment to make the
video so now I'm just gonna have to eat
it in front of you I hope that's okay
today I want to talk a little bit by the
rioting this going on in Britain because
of everything that's been going on oh
man I've haven't really been keeping up
with the news as well as I might be when
people start setting your home town on
fire it kind of makes you shut up and
listen a little bit firstly just explain
I feel like people are merging two very
different events earlier this week there
was a protest about 200-300 people after
police shot mark duggan people aren't
entirely sure why I mean there's some
talk that he was carrying like a replica
gun and things like that i was kind of
outrage and a very peaceful protest
about that and then rioters and kind of
more actively violent people came in and
took over that protest and turned it
into a riot later that evening so i
don't really think it's fair to say that
the people who are rioting are really
associated with that i mean i think it's
bad to say that there's been a lot of
discomfort about the way the police have
acted especially during the student
riots there was a lot of what i would
call police brutality but not everyone
would feel comfortable doing that that
said I think spike pretty much all of
the action that people have taken
against policemen and women in the past
few days has been really awful and not
even to get me started on the fire men
and women as well you've been attacked
and had missiles turned at them and
ambulances and paramedics and all these
things like it's it's horrendous and if
a lot of people it's really black and
white and not necessarily in a bad way
to their moves like this destruction is
happening it is bad it needs to stop
it's really complicated because the way
it's been reported sort of makes me
uncomfortable sometimes I feel like
almost every person who talks about it
actively tries to distance themselves
from the problem itself and i will
probably inevitably do that during the
course of this video blog in large part
it seems unfamiliar because it is
unfamiliar because we haven't had that
urge to go out and loot things and kind
of bloodlust as well it seems be
charging the whole event it's really
difficult Hank we know a really good
post on his tumblr about this perhaps
being a reaction to some kind of freedom
from the hold the panopticon has over
our bodies that feeling of always being
watched and suddenly someone decides to
test that and break that and all hell
breaks loose but thinking about the
whole situation also calls to mind
something that Hank spoke about in a
really really early Brotherhood to point
a video way back in 2007 a hierarchy of
needs I feel like everyone watching this
video will have seen that video will
kind of have some idea of what the
hierarchy of needs is but if you don't
I'll put a link
in the description bar where you can
find out more about that you'll really
agree that that's bullshit right we
should stop talking about the rioters if
they're like some primitive people to me
it seems like it's the US and then
problem again like that whole language
of us and them to me this is
characterized most of all by the world
youth being used as an accusation every
second of the 24-hour news day youths
and yobs and thugs was that
automatically I mean may not
definitionally in the Oxford English
Dictionary automatically called mine
teenagers but that have been associated
with teenagers we make the problem worse
one of the most damaging things about it
is that people who aren't associated
with riots at all teenagers who decided
to stay at home teenagers who realize
the really damaging long-term effects of
such action also to be frank teenagers
you just don't care feel like a very
significant portion of teenagers who
have been lumped into that category will
absolutely resent it because I resent it
especially because I've seen so many
pictures of people involved who are
clearly not under 20 there are clearly
lots of adults involved in this so can
we stop saying that it's just used in
jobs and like gangs of thugs yeah okay
there's loads and loads of young people
out there loads of idiots who it is
burning stuff down so that they can like
get more Playstations and that was the
whole different conversation the cause
of that is a whole different huge
problem and it's like it's just it's
just a huge issue with our society that
we tell people that they need these
things and then we deny them these
things like that is of course that can
happen and then of course that's no
justification for people breaking into
shops and trying to take these things
and of course that whole thing assumes
that all the people who are doing is the
people who won't wouldn't have access to
these items otherwise which isn't the
case either I have a hunch there's quite
a few people were probably looting
things you probably have quite a few
nice things in the home already people
already feel really alienated from
politicians and everyone who's kind of
involved in running the country per se
bankers and all of that MPs expenses and
all the just abuse that goes on up there
and this huge distances huge gulf
already exists language of reporting and
the language of politicians is not
helping the situation and it's making
that sense of alienation even future and
I know at the moment the priority is
getting us under control game with
buyers put out making sure that bones a
secure making sure that people are
secure making
sure that no more damn dogs are injured
but long-term the way we talk about
these kinds of events people are
comparing this whole situation to the
student protests and for people to make
those kinds of associations it's
extremely damaging by also believe that
every action is political and that this
whole event is in many ways a kind of
reaction to the politics of the time
such as the cuts of 75 percent in some
parts of London to youth services that
were actually working and functioning
like who the hell does that there is no
way that this is long-lasting productive
meaningful action and as righteous as
people maybe I don't think that anyone
can truly say that this is revolution
said what we see on TV are just
everyone's homes being set on fire or
for the cheap thrills of looting and
being part of some huge surging energy
of destruction it's pretty strange as
usual I've probably contradicted myself
many times and sadly my ice cream is
melted but it's okay I have a biscuit
need your thoughts on the Rights below
