hi everyone thank you so much for your
amazing comments as up it's been really
great to be able to go through those
messages it's been you've all been
really lovely this is the dress over to
my dad's funeral which was a couple of
days ago turned out to be quite a luna
lovegood s cult but i don't know if any
of you saw my twitter or tumblr posts
about that it was peculiar I didn't even
plan it but I ended up wearing like some
flowers in my hair yellow yellow colors
rather than black because I think black
would have been a bit too intense for me
to handle alone let alone anyone else if
you know how itself was great because it
was really environmentally conscious
that's not something that you really
give a lot of time to think about when
you're in that space and your huge
making all these difficult decisions and
all these very sad decisions they found
a company that helped us a lot with that
casket itself was like this beautiful
wicker casket they didn't embalm him or
anything it was in this lovely wooded
area and there's lots of light even
though it was a rainy day it smelt
beetle so it was a really nice event as
much as you know if funeral could be
really I've been keeping myself busy my
sleep schedules a bit upside down I
don't really know what that's to do with
probably just jet lag really I've been
coloring in christinas started a new
tumblr FDA coloring books tumblr.com
spelt the American Way without Lukas for
some reason they have a vendetta against
news I don't really understand why and
that was the first thing that I did I
colored in Forks to phoenix from this
old coloring book from how i pushing the
chamber of secrets that have had for
years and years and years but never
actually colored in another thing I did
is I went through some photographs and
printed up some really nice photos from
the last few weeks just have some really
nice new pictures up around my room one
of the ones i printed was actually my
desktop background for a while which is
lots of us at the ball at mickey cohen
she can't really see very well because i
put this little frame on it and i had
this one which I really love of Haley me
and Sammy I turned it into a black and
white picture but I found some photo
paper and it worked out really well
these two were from the ball and then
think this was the first was it rock
night and that was a second was the
Drakh night and this picture of me and
my friend brie which I really really
loved as well was the other big picture
that I printed off when I ran out of ink
when I was trying to print this picture
but it's kind of hypnotizing here he
wants to Peru I've been reading a little
bit and planning for lots of things that
eight to plan the admin side of things
is the probably the hardest part
of this whole experience but there we go
bills i started watching the hours which
is this BBC drama which is kind of
trying to be like madmen in a way in
that kind of nineteen fifty star but
it's great because it's nice slow paced
but it's really exciting scott romola
garai in it it's really well done it's
all about BBC news room and it's great
and you should watch it and I should
find some other connectives goodbye
