hello everyone so as you know a couple
of weeks ago I attended the Harry Potter
Mitchum LeakyCon and from there I went
up to San Diego or I went west to San
Diego supposed to visit family I managed
to make one day of comic-con and then
went off to visit friends in LA I'd been
really excited for this whole trip for a
very long time and I was particularly
excited for VidCon as I hadn't managed
to go to the first as leakycon semi-new
my friends were involved in the
organization execution of the event for
example my very first day I went up with
I think Christina to get her bag of
goodies from registration there I was
spotted by the original secret brother
secret brother Tom amazing and lovely to
meet him at last
extremely sadly however my dad passed
away very suddenly last week and all of
this was going on just before and right
during VidCon so be honest I've debated
a lot over the past few days as to
whether or not to tell you this I think
it'd probably be obvious that things
aren't quite right with me and I know
that losing him will change me a lot and
by extension that will change my videos
a lot back to VidCon though what was
amazing is that I still managed to see
the gregory brothers schmoyoho I was
absolutely beaming after another wise
hazy sad and frustrating day when they
started to play what I would consider my
anthem of the summer can't hug every cat
I danced my little heart out to be
honest luckily they are also very nice
photo taking people and indulge me
jumping at the opportunity to take a
picture with them other really good
things happen to you I managed to
register for the beta of Pottermore
which I'm really excited about
we've played Harry Potter 20 questions
with Halley G Hoover who I suppose now I
have met in person I should start to
refer to as Halley I watched a Frank be
amazing in person like he's an
absolutely brilliant speaker and in fact
I watch right past him on my way to the
mall it was really good that I was in
the middle of a serious phone
conversation when I passed him because I
might have otherwise you know clumped
him however I did sadly mr. lonely girl
15 reunion I genuinely was a little bit
devastated to say the least no you
should drama will ever live up to that
on the last night Saturday night which
is also my last night after a great
series of mainstage and streamed and
recorded events I had the tremendous
luck of being able to see my friends in
all caps and chameleon circuit transfer
great themselves into rock stars at
first although I've been excited by the
lineup I hadn't really been talking to
many people that day and hadn't really
been in the mood and thought I'd just
lurk on the side of the stage and watch
and film and by the end of it I was
collapsing with 30,000 billion other
people on the stage and singing along to
Blake with Christina at the top of my
voice and no God in that moment the
absolute generosity of my friends over
the past week really overwhelmed me you
guys okay you have no idea how amazing
it will been they have given me space
when I wanted to they've understood well
I've been rude to them they've just been
incredible the most amazing thing that
almost everyone understood that like I
did necessarily want to confide in them
personally and that's weirdly I think
the hardest thing was something bad
happens to someone you care a lot about
you almost want them to just kind of sit
and tell you exactly how they're feeling
and work through this with you but maybe
they don't feel the same way and it is
all instinctive and strange it's weird
how much instinct played into this whole
thing and in that sense as well I don't
really know how often I'll be uploading
videos or what kind of it is I'll be or
what pattern they'll be in and all of
that all I know is that I'm just going
to go with my gut
speaking of friends one huge favor you
could do for me that would make me
extremely happy is if you could go to
youtube.com for the slash Tyrannosaurus
Lex with three exes
and find like one of her videos or and I
don't know she's got channel comments
available or not but if you're going to
say congratulations for winning next up
Europe because she's one of my greatest
friends and she's like the loveliest
person in the world and she's really
funny even when she's being weird and
that's why she congratulate her and also
because she's gonna make really great
videos but mainly because she's weird
over now
