today I'm here to talk about the gays a
few videos back I mentioned the freights
Harvey date Sabrina from one of my
favorite television programs growing up
sabrina the teenage witch anyway before
Sabrina there was cursor explains or
Clarissa and Sabrina and saved by the
balance so many other programs those
programs referenced by people in my
generation and above when we talk about
the golden days of Nickelodeon if the
past year or so I realized that Clarissa
explains all was probably more important
in my life than I ever gave it credit
for klarissa's played by the same
actress who played sabrina the teenage
witch Melissa Joan Hart carissa has two
parents one brother and one hot guy her
best friend Sam who likes to climb in
through her window using a ladder when
she's awake this is in an Edward Cullen
situation again I don't think instead of
Clara said the original video blogger
she was funny she was fashionable she
played video games she made her own
video games she was this creative nerdy
forcep wasn't boxed into the nerd
category as with many teenage girl she
had parent troubles and boy troubles and
she related them to the viewer breaking
the fourth wall speaking directly to the
camera and using fun graphics around her
face and her video games that she's
created to explain exactly what she was
on about she also had really cool stuff
in her room including a parking meter
and it has been my ambition in life to
have a parking meter in my room which I
will do someday maybe it's a graduation
present to myself or buy a parking meter
or I could you know feed myself and
stuff but parking meter looks like a
good way to go this breaking the fourth
wall i think is a really important
technique and it's repeated again in the
recent film easy a and the stone stars
with olive penderghast a teenager about
whom many rumors have spread it's really
funny film I really recommend it I
enjoyed it a lot the breaking the fourth
wall here is in the form of a webcast it
takes a while for you to notice that
that's exactly what's going on is all it
talks directly to the camera once again
firstly both these characters really
assured humorous non spiteful people and
every time I turn on the television to
find another brand new series about rich
American teenagers doing the same things
over and over again every series wound
and every time I lose faith in the world
upon seeing that I then think about
these two characters and then I was
thinking why I admire these female
characters so much and why I think both
of their roles work so well and I think
it's part of what videoblogging does I
don't know if my video blogs do it but I
think that video blogging in general and
breaking the fourth wall in general does
it requires you to look at women in a
different way or at least these two
characters who are so intelligent and
funny and just wonderful I have a
magazine addiction it's extremely
unhealthy I have tried to cut myself
I'm partly just because so expensive but
if you flick through a fashion magazine
or any kind of magazine intended for
women you will see women staring back at
women demanding that you desire them not
to go too much into English literature
student at University territory but it's
that male gaze that they ask at you they
asking you to look at them in the same
way that men are supposed to look at
them the sad truth is that as much as we
may love to deny it we continue to look
at women like sex objects I would argue
that a woman can seem secretary
empowered without using the male gaze
we've been tricked and trained into
using male gaze for such a long time
that we often don't even notice that's
what we're doing when these two
characters in this program and in this
film look into the camera they are
asking you to have a conversation and
that is something remarkable they're not
asking you to desire them they are
asking you to talk back to them to
reflect with them to sympathize with
them to listen to their story that's
really strange that we have to remind
ourselves I think on those kind of
subconscious level that women can look
at men for some reason other than
wanting to be desired or that women can
look at anyone for some reason other
than wanted to be desired I know that
they're going to be some people whose
response to this is like feminazi come
on come down everything's fine
everything's chill but I'm not like
having a go at men or anything I don't
think that anyone's individuals fault I
just think it's important to look at
techniques in which we can look at how
women have you the arts and film and
writing spoke already about Helen
succeeds wonderful essay in which is
says she refuses life nothing there's a
healthy helping of non-sequiturs in this
video but it was just something that I
was thinking about and it just occurred
to me how strange it is how important to
have women looking and not one T to be
desired and also how sad it is that
there has to be the case I don't know
does this make sense let me know in
comments video responses feel free to
tear me to pieces because it's healthy
so yeah cool bike
