hi everyone so I had a really exciting
day yesterday I was reporting from the
red carpet at the very very last world
premiere of harry potter film it was
amazing i was reporting from Trafalgar
Square and I was reporting for the leaky
cauldron hi put a website I write for by
some kind of miracle because I've loved
that website for so many years and then
two years ago or so I managed wing a job
there I've never done that before and I
felt like I was really being thrown in
at the deep end at first cuz I done a
lot of preparation and I prepare lots of
questions but there's nothing like
having Jason Isaacs or ray Fiennes or
Julie Walters or even tom Felton and
jason oliver phelps and Devin Murray and
all those people standing in front of
you waiting for your questions most of
the things they asked were predictably
about kind of character and how this
film as a story fits into the other
films and how it works whether it's just
a second part to the first film or
whether it's just the last part in this
huge series and I also wondered whether
like they have any sense of closure and
stuff like that I put a link down here
where you can find most of the video and
interviews that we did I also took loads
and loads of photographs for some people
would have loved to concede but he
unfortunately we couldn't get over to
our area Emma Watson day my faith and of
course JK Rowling who I've just resigned
myself to the fact that I will never
ever be able to meet this was the
closest I got to have a phone honestly
it was just incredible to me that close
to her I know sounds ridiculous and
fanatic amazing experience to be in the
presence of someone whose work has
changed so much of your life like is
just is just in a way made this kind of
cocoon around so much of your life it's
just bizarre for her to be standing
there and being a person in a dress and
then I got to go and see the film don't
worry there'll be no spoilers whatsoever
in this video it was amazing though I
will say that that is my only spoiler
that it was absolutely brilliant and
that quite a lot and it was really fun
because on my way and I got to watch
anime carpet and everyone screamed my
name okay maybe they weren't screaming
for me but still a girl could pretend it
was quite fun to pretend couple of you
did scream my name at some point during
the day and let me know that you voted
for me which was amazing to thank you
guys just being recognized as this very
strange thing so yeah it was a pretty
good Thursday Thursday's go the footage
is down there next stop last two days of
next up there is one day of voting today
one day of voting tomorrow and then the
pub
voting part of it is done so if you
could please please please please vote
then that would be splendid it's quite
crazy to think that 10 years ago I was
very small and I went with my parents to
see the very very first terrible to film
10 years later i'm not quite so small
interviewing everyone from the Harry
Potter films like I'm going to the
premiere and they give me free popcorn
thanks sleepy thanks checking rolling
Thank You Harry border ah
