hello everyone so I've been working
somewhere a little bit exciting
in other news I'd like you all to open
your time machine step inside go all the
way back to March was it March when I
went to Seattle I stayed with my lovely
friend Kristina and on one of the days I
had the opportunity to visit her high
school Kristina was actually helping to
put on a show at her old high school and
I believe she's put a clip of her
performance out there very show up in
her youtube channel now so you can have
a look anyway it was really amazing and
exciting to be inside my first real
American high school American high
school has been a big part of my
storytelling education because I grew up
with lots of stories set in American
high school for example was Sweet Valley
High and Saved by the Bell and Sabrina
the Teenage Witch and all of those
stories the high school environment the
lockers the cheerleaders the football
players the cafeteria all of that it was
amazing to see that as actually part of
someone's day Kristina for example felt
extremely attached to the auditorium
where she spent so much time and and
invested so much energy in doing theater
and when I speak to Kaylee who had also
come along with me to Christina's high
school about funding for the Arts she
said there was very very little so it
makes even more sense at spaces like
Christina's auditorium as I will now
call it are so important to her and I
was so sad to see them go when they do
can't remember if I ever mentioned this
to you but a huge part of my secondary
school burnt down when I was in the
second year and at some point in all the
years that followed we mentioned some
funny things about the old wing that had
been there before like this thing called
the holy corridor which you can go
through and s you were a prefect a
member of staff or it was raining
otherwise you have to go outside all the
way around to get to the classes on the
other side of the building there parts
of the space that you remember and it's
just weird when you go back and
everything's changing and and different
faces are in those photograph and I just
can't put across how crazy it was to see
photographs of high school cheerleaders
and high school football players with
the odd Charlie Sheen poster and Barack
Obama quotation reminding me that this
was a real high school that I wasn't
walking through a Disney fold to me it
was just this really telling experience
where I tried to blend this very
fictional America that I'd created with
the real people that I saw before me I
don't know it's just strange walking
through those halls I half-expected
hardly to throw a football and Sabrina
12:36 I very tired and edgy for a cup of
tea that's all folks
