hello everyone how are you today the
other day I watched 14 miles around
London in part it was because the oyster
is just so damn expensive I went to some
fancy pants parts of London like
knightsbridge and sloane square because
it was between the places that i need
you to get to last week I started
watching this program call made in
chelsea which is like the American
program the hills just beautiful people
with lots of money and no storylines and
just existing and wearing really really
nice clothes the yesterday's JK Rowling
combined three of the things I love most
in the world Harry Potter riddles and
maps that was really fun also the
internet seems like this new exciting
project is called Potter wall when
you've been working as a bookseller for
quite a while you start to notice when
there are changes in the spines on the
shelves I noticed this week that a
famous five books had shifted along
about an inch as a bit confused why
because I can notice any immediate
differences and then I noticed there
were two new famous five books having
established the fact that you know
blyton did not in fact wise from the
dead and as a zombie pen to new famous
five novels realize that they were in
fact choose-your-own-adventure versions
of the first two novels in the famous
five series which kind of annoyed me to
say the least I think I was just in
shock more than anything else I mean of
all the things make choose your own
adventure novels what feels like slicing
and dicing I always want to read them
just to find out how they achieved that
and how they managed to create the same
story five on a treasure island was one
my favorite stories growing up my
grandparents gave me a collection of the
first five famous five novels my fifth
birthday I know so many files and then I
started thinking about the other books
that would make really good choose your
own adventure nobles and for some reason
I started thinking about ethics there
has to be a choose-your-own-adventure
Odyssey out there Paradise Lost is like
the ultimate choose-your-own-adventure
noble if you would like to cross the
chasm of chaos between heaven and hell
and a page 43 if you believe that
throwing a mountain at an archangel will
solve all your problems turn to page 96
if you choose to use a serpent says and
eat the apple turn to page 666 very last
thing is I was applying for job recently
and I needed to give some references
I've done lots of work outside of this
box but I was thinking oh it's about
people who may not have done loads of
work outside of this lovely box and have
managed to make such good videos that
they support themselves on YouTube and
how
you know they would go about using
references and getting references if
most of their work is based on line so
for example if they contribute to a blog
and get paid for it and if they
contribute to youtube and get paid for
it because the jobs i apply for us the
reference is like on a letterhead you
can't just email the CEO of google and
be like hey I'm a YouTube partner can
you please give me a reference or can
you do you go ahead mrs. or mr. YouTube
if you feel so inclined to write me a
reference that would be great as I get
older I am starting to realize more and
more things that are really traditional
in our job industry and how that
conflicts would like everything I do and
everything my friends do I like stay
spoke to this a bit when he was talking
about having to tell other people what
his job was because they just didn't
really understand it and so he decided
to instead just go with a storyteller I
tell stories which I would argue is what
we all do time for a cup of tea bye I
also might be putting up quite an
important video in the next five days or
so 1 2 3 4 5 live for that doctor who is
hard
