I said the other day that some point I
was going to talk about art therapy and
that's not going to but today I've found
throughout my life that when I take art
classes I was safe throughout my life
but when I was doing art school I lost
all the joy I had for drawing and
dueling and just using that as a form of
expression and it's a form of venting
feelings
I didn't if you saw my diary entry that
I posted on Instagram before when I was
8 it is me talking about crying in the
playground and how I didn't feel like I
was born to be English I felt like I was
born to be Mexican I should gone back to
Mexico and everything closed like he had
good friends and things were generally
fine but I was anxious and I was
confused and I felt sad a lot and I
think drawing has always been something
that even though I don't think I'm the
best person at it that kind of not what
it's about for me where is other
subjects and other aspects of my life I
always felt very I felt like it was very
open to comparison a competition and
part of what I didn't like about
studying art at schools that it felt
like we became about competition it
became something with a metric and with
a mark and I kind of stopped doing it
for a while
they then they got back into it and love
experimenting with color so much like I
really love this green color that has
gone I've used it all the way down to
this little bit but I'm gonna keep using
it for a bit
I love shapes and just sitting there
with a canvas and by canvas I mean a
piece of poster board and turning it
into something different it puts my
brain in a different place and then also
me too visually focus on something else
even if I have a podcast in the
background or I have program one in the
background that I'm really listening to
that's been really fun but there's just
so many examples if I go back through my
diarrhea so many my diaries are mixed
with art maybe they like to have this
very strange love triangle with Hedwig
pig in Errol from Harry Potter
my studying was very visual I do a lot
of drawings in my room but I also did a
lot of quality and scrapbooking and
stuff and that's where this kind of
comes in all this stuff favorite
magazine cutouts favorite articles
pieces from plays I went to cinema
tickets birthday cards I remember so
clearly my sister's making birthday
cards but yeah they might eat you then
you see the phases where I went full by
room Oh classic to get that from a time
we were to see the killers sometimes
when I haven't made as much time as an
adult for doing this stuff for
collecting magazines and for just
putting my feelings on paper whether
that's something in words or in visuals
I just go through my old Diaries and
collage books and look at all of the
things that make up my life it's funny
because I have become pretty minimalist
in a lot of aspects that these are not
things that I will ever get rid of it's
exciting to go back and see the visuals
that you found important in as much as
it is to see you don't like richly
descriptions of what you found important
like for me personally is someone who
thinks a lot about bodies and about the
problems of beauty it's kind of
fascinating to go back to my 13 14 15
year old self right up through the
University of youand and see what I
found worth keeping and worth admiring
and worth putting up on that kind of
pedestal and then also when I did that
how I did that whether it was something
I just paste it in along with all these
other aspects my life and
it's other kind of college of my life or
it's something that I took more care
with and more time with and I was really
going for something more consistent like
with all the spoil that I have in this
one and I was trying to make the whole
book itself like something consistent
and have a theme through it and you know
whether it was college and it was
picking and choosing and making
something new from it
these books are the measure of my life
and the different parts of my life and I
really treasure them so even though
times right now are pretty hard and I'm
struggling to get through time sometimes
I like how my brain just can't and like
thinking hurts and all of these things
I've mentioned so far it's still really
important for me to to make time for art
making and make time for putting this
period of my experience in visual
language as well as verbal ones have a
very well-documented life I think that
that is an understatement they have 11
years of my life from the internet I
have all of this stuff too and it's not
because I think my life is particularly
important or particularly special or
anything like that it's just because
that's sort of the only way I know how
to keep going when everything's
collapsing just order to convert it into
something that's not I'm not just the
eyeballs I'm not just the receptacle for
everything that is on this general feed
yeah it kind of gives me a sense of my
ninis I would say so I don't know if
that's us specifically about arts or
penis I wanted it to be but yeah I say
take it beyond the coloring book
sometimes make it into something else
and see what you make and if you need
any prompts that's what the art
assignments there for so that's it for
today
see you tomorrow bye
