hello everyone so today I'm going to
talk about some books that i have read
i'm still kind of working my way through
about six or seven other books first
clockwork 3 by Matthew Kirby which is
kind of a 10 to 12 age gap but it's also
just really enjoyable reminds me that
you shouldn't be afraid to read a
younger fiction like junior fictions
let's remember that's the part of the
book shop where they put harry potter
and that doesn't mean the harry potter
isn't so like a fantastic book i also
think that it's important to know what
other generations are reading what they
find fun and interesting i think it's
not that we kind of rush forward and
lose our links with all the people who
are younger than us in some ways we
don't reach out far enough with people
who are older than I was booked
pontificating of the day the clock quick
3 is absolutely brilliant the story of
three children one finds a green violin
in a wreck down in the harbor he's a
little Italian boy and everything that
he and is given to his padrona Stefano
who's a horrible horrible person I
really really nasty busking he starts
playing this green violin he can make
this amazing beautiful music and
everyone starts giving him all this
money then he don't see who will maybe
with the screen violin I can earn enough
money to get myself a ticket on a boat
back to Italy another boy Frederic is a
cook works apprentice and he's trying to
make a clockwork man third character as
a girl called Hannah works as a maze in
the hotel and her father is really
really pretty much paralyzed she's
basically the breadwinner she had to
drop out of school and she loves to read
and she loves learning bitch how to sell
all her books books really coincidental
their lives end up weaving together
quite neatly so they decide to help each
other I was really good fun and it
doesn't need their long I read this in
about three or four hours so about 380
pages but it's like you race through
towards the end I started to worry that
they won't get to tie it up properly and
we're going to leave it open for like a
seat they tied up the mystery read that
secondly miss peregrine's home for
peculiar children which has the most
beautiful book trailer I've ever seen in
my life firstly this book is physically
a really beautiful and loved books with
photographs when they don't interrupt
the flow protects the photographs in
here work pretty well the novel is about
a teenage boy called Jacob when Jacob
was younger his grandfather used to show
him his collection of photographs and
Tom stories about his day that an
orphanage in Wales fantastical stories
about his life on an island as Jacob
grows older he begins to reject the
stories that his grandfather Talton I
resent in many ways that kind of his
grandfather has lied to him and said
that these stories were true what really
struck me in quite impressed me about
the number was how quickly the darkness
sprang into the story the dark teams
withdrawing it is a pretty dark story
because bit so that we should just
creepy when that creepiness is really
helped by the fire
graphs because I think there's something
about seeing an image and having it stay
in your head where you read the text
that you can't create on text layer
however horrific the image is or text
even that is later supported by an image
that a description of a photograph and
then you'll see the photograph so it
allows you to create the photograph in
your mind before you put the image in so
i think is just really interesting play
with images and text eventually jacob
has led to go back to this island that
his grandfather used to tell stories
about another thing i can't stop
thinking about when i was reading was
how we treat time and photographs how
they seem to be repeating the same
action constantly and infinitely i can
be a bit disturbing especially when it's
a photograph from way back when and when
it's photograph that looks directly at
evil there's a weird displacement and
work and I think that was alluded to and
discussed in certain ways by some of the
action in the normal I do want give too
much away because it does rely on some
sense and creepiness of a moment of
surprise and shock and all of that I
thought it was really perfectly done so
please do read miss Peregrine home for
peculiar children another book I read
was brought to which is a collection of
poems by Brian McGuckin these are really
funny and look genuinely good perms a
hidden word relevant because I feel like
relevant always means that issues books
for example whatever issue you have as a
job Jack and Wilson will have written a
book for it this poetry collection is
full of really well written poems that
just happened to be about Bruce about
university situations refer to our
generation of popular culture and not to
talk about Harry Potter too much in this
video not that I ever could and there is
actually a poem called now I assume that
everyone named Harry is a wizard this is
it just a quiet gift and even the cover
has a wonderful program with brad clark
take so much care with a presentation or
only this the gorgeous end papers and
inside it's like when you go to the
Oxfam book shops in thanks whatever
looks look like this anymore last we're
going to talk about is deke wisdom the
sacred teachings of nerd culture it's
like these books that you pick up near
the hill where they have like little
quotations like the keep calm and carry
on one so this one takes a wide spread
of geeky things Star Trek Doctor Who the
Blues Brothers saturday night live again
a body of popular culture with which
most people watching this video are
familiar quirk books are quirky but
they're not you know they don't do
things begin me it has a quotation and
then has a short paragraph explaining a
little bit of the plot of where that
quotation comes from but then also a
genuine lesson to be learnt from that
little aspect of of geekdom and I just
thought was nicely done so that's
another idea as well for example if
you're looking for a present for geeky
friend I will see
