my finals are over and i can read again
this week i'll be working on field guide
to getting lost The Book of Daniel the
pale king still in its plastic bag the
mapmakers and maximum city in other news
people started leaving campus packing up
their cars the realities are removing is
starting to sink in more than it has
before so it strange to kind of pause
for a second and realize that people are
actually getting ready to go and these
are people who I might not see ever
again thinking about a levels i really
don't know how i have the endurance to
do that I mean they went on for such a
long time for weeks and weeks and weeks
and the whole time I was working so hard
and yet for two weeks this year I had
really not that many exams and for some
reason I find it so difficult when in
comparison to the amount of work that I
did for a levels and gcse's it really
like wasn't that much I do find it a bit
worrying that my kind of work endurance
is going down especially when it's
something that you kind of pride
yourself for spider-man's been filming
in New York City hopefully over the next
two weeks I'll go and be able to catch a
scene or two of them filming that mainly
because andrew garfield and emma stone
or took my favorite actors i also need
to go to the Met to the natural history
museum so many places that I still
haven't visited I want to go and see the
Statue of Liberty properly because I've
only really seen it while I've gone over
on the train I would hitch the Whitney
yes I do like museums there anything I
talk about I would agree to the brooklyn
museum i want to steal my friends in New
York as much as possible before I leave
I'm going to be a book expo America are
other such noted no advisors as maureen
johnson will beat let me know in
comments if you're going to be a ba and
at some point next week I'm going roller
skating which I haven't done since I was
about nine and am probably going to be
absolutely terrible about because I have
no sense of balance or coordination
whatsoever one of my essays is actually
about authenticity and authentic
experience in the world so it's
wondering whether you guys thought that
there was any particularly authentic
American experience let's keep it PG if
there are any experiences that will fit
neatly into my last two weeks and let me
know I really wanted to go and visit a
glow I don't know if that's gonna be
possible but i will let you know if it
is so i'd say i want to give a shout out
to marissa who is a nerdfighter at versa
campus I didn't get to say goodbye to
you because I was too busy doing exams
and then just completely for watch a
drop by but she wears wonderful music
she's written a song about Will Grayson
Will Grayson you should absolutely go
have a look into any really started to
get to know Marissa towards the end of
the year which is really sad and has
been the case with quite a few people
opened
this video my first American experience
of tater tots which are essentially like
mini hash browns this is a real American
experience yes a real American for every
few months we involves to enjoy tater
tots in the toaster oven toaster oven is
not usually a part of that ok we have
them shipped in Troy Montana or they
make the bus hey yeah you should be in
the oven but that one's broken that's a
sad the offending device yeah how this
oven doesn't this as well I feel like
it's morally somehow clunky machine yeah
you just sympathizer rookie mistake I
thought I had more footage of that than
I actually did but then you just watched
like 20 seconds of tater tots cooking
they were really tasty i like them the
end
