hi guys so I just want to update really
briefly on a few things first me and
lots of you ask me but what I thought
about AV I was pro AV that said I don't
really cook the world the end of the
world I maybe didn't win I'm glad that
we had a referendum about it I think
this is quite circumstantial I think
people really do feel betrayed by met
Craig and don't want to vote for him I
think there were some people we just
don't agree with AV in general and I
think last week's elections were also
just really interesting seeing the
Scottish National Party do so well so
this week is finals week and I'm
currently in the process of editing an
essay that has to be due tomorrow most
of my essays with you on friday the 13th
which is great because that's just what
you need when you're doing finals friday
13th to wish you that extra little bit
of month also the project muse of
another country some of you might have
noticed that Stephen Harper's
Conservatives juan de risa Canadian
general election whilst didn't have any
strong political feelings for or against
this situation i hope that yea Martel
author of Life of Pi decides to start
dating what is Stephen Harper reading CA
again for those of you who don't know
Canadian ok yea Martel decided to send
Stephen Harper a book on a regular basis
with an attached essay on why he should
read that book why that book is
important apart from being a really
fascinating website to read it also has
wonderful recommendation for some guests
recommendations as well lastly over the
past two months I've had a little bit of
an issue with impersonators and trolls
when I have a new channel and you
Twitter account all of that I will
always be sure to let you know in that
vein I do have a new YouTube channel but
it isn't really a throwaway channel in
the traditional sense I won't be
blogging there I won't be putting any
kind of edited video there it's mainly a
place for me to put my unedited video
for example I spend an hour this evening
watching the wonderful vas that a
cappella group the Vassar Devils perform
their summer concert I took videos of
their performance as I do declare winter
performance and as of the winter
performance with lots of other vasa a
cappella groups so much for them up
somewhere I didn't want to have to put
the run unlisted but I don't want to
spam or your I gadgets especially if
you're looking at it on an iPhone when
putting up 20 videos from one channel
can just completely crush the YouTube
function the username in true
pretentious English major fashion is
refuse life nothing a direct quotation
from her lens Dixie's wonderful essay
the newly born worth if you're into
post-structuralism
you know if you are human you should
probably read it it's really wonderful
but it's very dynamic at places the
binaries that's so construct our lives
this is my university faith I really
didn't have much time left here and I'm
feeling extremely bitter sweet about it
i'm excited to go home but i'm also
absolutely devastated to be living here
in the next few weeks and i just want to
kind of cling on for dear life to leave
you on an optimistic note here is a clip
from one of tonight's performances by
the Vassar Devils ya capella group here
at Vassar College enjoy
I
best of luck on your finals your
interview exams your GCSEs your edibles
what's your exams it may be that you'll
sit in the end of the year or even if
they're just reviewing your parole this
camera this nice camera which is
actually just a little new mixed digital
camera which has stood me in very good
stead has decided to sometimes stop
filming at one minute and 30 seconds so
i hope hasn't done that today thanks but
