morning guys it is outrageously early in
the morning I have slept for a few hours
I don't know if that can even be counted
because lots of people were being really
loud in my horses lots of drunken people
though so I spent the morning wait about
ten of the girls watching the world
wedding topped around nine thirty in the
morning I'm tiny but I tried to map them
i kidnapped so I thought I would record
a little video kind of our I enjoyed
doing these things why I enjoy taking
part in the world cup celebrating the
world wedding whether or not I'm the
world's biggest football fan or the
world's to watch the smallest you know
like neither of those things are true
lesbea getting wet and Salerno will flip
flops if you're an English major at
Vassar that is the equivalent of reading
English on your study abroad you will i
guarantee you read the book imagined
communities by Benedict Anderson at some
point tool theory and it's absolutely
brilliant I would say a big part of the
university experiences the practice of
deconstructing those concepts esource
natural and on complex before university
Anderson deals with concept of nation
its construction use and strange power
over us a power greatly accelerated by
the inventive the printing press which
allow people to experience that event
simultaneously why don't he'd say about
Twitter thus enabling people to
establish commonalities yet there's
something strangely empowering and gap
bridging about the imagined community I
didn't know still lots of agency for the
individual within it and of course just
because something is constructed doesn't
mean it's bad by default I believe that
to some extent you have a choice about
community
and the ones that you want to construct
yourself with the part open the way that
you don't of course there's a limit to
that of course you have been placing you
and different groups and saying that you
again to you about the other sister day
you were born so there are communities
that you choose to identify yourself as
part of an excuse to create a great
example of that is nerve basis another
one is YouTube another one is the
Terracotta finding another one is
artists or scientist or mathematician or
creative thinker or logical thinker or
an electrical thinker or all of the
above it's not always a positive thing
today as well as being the tale of the
royal wedding and the birthday of my
very lovely friend Ella is also
unfortunately the wedding anniversary of
adult pizza now there's a guy made some
poor choices in the imagine
to which he wanted to belong and which
you what disagree i think that means i
genuinely really really scared of the
word imagine but there may be a
interpretation for childhood and being
told to imagine different stories and it
was very childish and patronizing term
use your imagination can either be
encouraging or it can be demeaning and
on days like this sometimes i feel like
my choices between imagining that I'm
going to go off and marry a prince or
just not imagining at all in some ways
that's my response to the recent
discussions on YouTube you have a choice
people are worried about what they're
creating and what other people are
creating and who's going to see it as
you isn't seeing it and how it's been
received and how it's been spread and of
course we worry about these things that
we care about we do so much i like these
communities that we imagine ourselves
and then maybe that says some bad things
about me it's just increasingly becoming
more and more apparent how much agency
we have within the communities that we
create and we choose to belong to so
much of our lives is made up of being
put into little boxes on the hillside
refuse to be made of ticky-tacky imagine
your own communities don't be afraid to
be childish about it and don't be afraid
to stop and start in to experiment and
to have fun three things that i would
say you need more than anything else in
the world a compassionate critical
thought and imagination i will never
forget JK rowling speech about
imaginations i probably will never
forget reading imagined communities
today i chose to take part in a
community where I wasn't physically
present and it was a lot of fun and it
doesn't mean that i support the monarchy
and everything they do or the idea of
monarchy at all it just means that I
chose to have fun with in the community
that was imagined for me and I imagine
myself within I completely acknowledge
that a large part the reason why
simultaneity and community has become so
important to me is because I'm abroad I
mean that notion of being part of the
community being member of certain
communities even when you're not
physically present or the other people
in that community aren't physically
present like that becomes something that
you become even more aware of to
whatever extent you were aware of it
before
it kind of has even great significance
in many ways it's one of the greatest
things I've done being ambassador and
it's being bought in america and just
grow up in general everything's about
aging now Rosanna really not that old I
don't think
