I don't always have as much time as I'd
like for this but sometimes some people
do need about two projects they asked me
about my experience making videos online
and I agreed to be interviewed for it
and they asked me what it's like having
11 years of my life now I was off
February 4th on the internet and to be
honest it's a lot more than that I was a
participant in Britney Spears forums and
Harry Potter forums and all sorts of
other forums and hooligans and Neopets
and all this stuff so to the point where
if you traced my entire online footprint
that just be so much material and so
much stuff that I can't stop chiming out
in its way but the truth is it's not
something I'm really concerned about the
fact of having that much of my life from
life because at this point there's just
so much of it there's such an array of
different parts of my life there's GCSE
exams stress and me getting braces and
then me getting these bracelets taken
off and my dad dying but then or so all
of these amazing trips have been done
with my friends and my huge life changes
like moving out here was a huge life
change
one of that stuff to have that to have a
record of that but also to just more
than that for your like so many of you
have been with me on that you won't all
have been the same passengers on the
boat but the boat the boat was populated
and that's a privilege and honor and I'm
very excited about that and to have had
that that's exciting to me does worry me
and is something that I think goes in
context of the whole internet in the way
we approach the internet kind of in some
ways to continue the conversations
yesterday is the cataloguing aspect of
it so it's units with simplified formats
but like your favourites problematic
aspect when you list out literally
everything that that person has ever
done there's a flattening of the
timeline I think that this is something
that a lot of online creators I don't
want to say personalities but people who
who are online and make things online
think about because I right now right
here I'm not the same person I was three
years ago four years ago five years ago
I'm certainly not see personally
NEADS ago and the kinds of things I was
grappling with then are things that -
now - now right now feel very certain to
me and things I'm grappling right now
with right now I'm sure well and five
ten years feel very certain to me in
other ways - or at least if not certain
I will have come to more of a clearer
understanding of how that works with my
belief system how that works with the
way I look at the world and and the way
I think of us as human beings you know
like it's a changing thing now this is
not to say that I don't think people
should be held accountable for what they
say like we see with YouTube especially
in the past almost like you have so much
power and your voice has so much volume
and that's both a privilege and a
responsibility that we have to use the
way we can however I don't know just
something about the flattening of time
and the equation of something that I
said I didn't have an actual example for
this in any way but I'm just I just keep
thinking like if something I said four
years ago was held equivalent to
something I said now I don't know like
how do we past that and how does that
affect the way we're seeing people are
we seeing people as more static then
really we used to be because they're
more there are these kinds of present
constants even though in that present
you see them changing or is it because
they're because people are names and the
names are becoming more branded than
ever and more consistent than ever that
that in itself seems to flatten time and
deny time I don't I I also didn't want
to put blame on anyone for this I don't
think this is a blame game situation I
just think that again it's interesting
to me personally to think about how we
behave online and the way we look at
power and the real damage that power can
do and that those voices too can do and
also the ways in which that affects how
we see personhood whether that's from a
position of elevated power or from a
position
of depreciate power in some way or yeah
I didn't know I was that right the
stream of thought consciousness to this
part of me sometimes feels like because
there's so much stuff out there of mine
it could go either way like if I were in
a position of being a great microscope
I'm sure there's so much but I'm sure
there are many things I've said that I
would just be horrified to read back now
something that I would certainly take
full accountability for but it's funny
because whenever someone shares and not
really of mine and then I retweet them I
often get very kind questions like oh do
you still agree with this thing that you
say sad and I'm like no mostly not
because you know it was a few years ago
it's not done in a religious way by any
means I understand I'm sharing something
that was said by someone with some vague
resemblance to the space and some vague
resemblance this voice and certainly the
same username we have come to regard
people and the constancy of their
beliefs in different ways and
accountability in different ways again
not in ways are necessarily bad and it
just makes me think about how that's
going to shape our interactions with
people and accountability and
responsibility and power from here on
out so that's today that's really
thinking about let me know your thoughts
and comments and I will see you tomorrow
all right bye
