it is Wednesday the 27th of april 2011
I'm about to watch the very last time
the brand new trailer for the upcoming
harry potter film harry potter and the
deathly hallows part 2 it's a momentous
occasion to say the least now I don't
want to complete the journey in 3d Wow I
think your music was done extremely well
Larry haunting just what we need and
then big and epic towards the end and
for him falling out quietly WV always
kind of spoil the whole film I mean idea
well they shun lots and lots and lots of
different clips in this instance I don't
really care I think it was very
beautifully done trailer Harry and
Voldemort against the side of crumbling
Hogwarts did seem a bit weird but I'm
interested to see how that works out
cinematically Fred damn you see because
that's going to be horrible but it's a
worm images all the light or the white
light it needs the darkness it's not
that far away go ahead i just wow it's
really not pleased with the trailer what
else can I say about that I've always
been at peace with the films in the
books as two different entities what did
you guys think let me know I might sound
very calm right now but I'm kind of
going crazy inside I can't believe that
this isn't it like I remember seeing the
very first trailer
and now what who are you going what is
this amount everything ends up with my
old pieces
