hi guys so guess what's on Friday the
royal wedding I thought as a Brit abroad
I would give you a few tips of how you
can celebrate if you are not quite a new
home country or alternatively if you
just didn't feel like getting involved
with the street parties craziness up in
London you didn't feel like spending the
night on the mall wearing a wedding
dress and hanging out with your friends
doing drinking games at ten in the
morning I haven't really been bothered
about it up to this point that it
because that big of a deal but hearing
stories about all the parties that some
of my friends are getting invited to the
street parties are going on it makes me
sad that I'm missing something so
quintessentially British so here we go a
few tips you have to dress a little
special three occasions where a very
nice English dress you could dress up in
a suit a touch of flag over your pajamas
or you could wear the bright pink royal
romance t-shirt that your mother set to
you in the post just grab anything
that's red and white and blue cucumber
sandwiches to me mark summer although i
don't have the pimps to wash it down
with not that i would drink it because
it's illegal in this country anyway but
i do have is a school dining hall with
bread cream cheese and a healthy dose of
cucumbers but add the cream cheese to
the bread you can have it in any flavor
you want but being british we prefer
normal cream cheese you can also do this
with butter to facilitate spreading i
toasted the bread slightly but it
doesn't have to be super neat
assemble the food taking care not to
drop any of the cucumbers as you do so
cut off the cross cut it diagonally and
then again to make sure that it's a
proper mini cucumber sandwich and voila
what else are you to wash it down with
it for in the morning apart from a cup
of tea come on we all know how to do
this by now if you don't I suggest you
watch the video link to the annotation
pronto don't forget if you're going to
stir add milk or take out the teabag use
a plastic spoon so if not to conduct the
heat away from the tea forbidden
beverages for the day include any drink
made or carried in one of these also
anything you this colored most American
supermarkets actually import squash and
barley water also useful face paint for
when the time comes you feel the drive
to paint the flag all over your face
it's the one day of the year when you
won't be mistaken for BNP member so
embrace it cover your room with national
icons like kate winslet kate moss and
kate middleton
also valid at staples like buses Diana
the Queen picture of Buckingham Palace
that you took when you were last there
last summer next just make sure you
enjoy yourself I'm sure there will be
other people in your school if you're at
school or just other people around here
you know who will be willing to get up
really really early in the morning and
watch it with you my original plan was
to watch on youtube which is live stream
yet and if I get up a little bit groggy
then I might so follow that plan but
currently it looks like home goods you
joining some of my friends in a common
room watching it with them at four in
the morning don't forget to set your
alarm make a street party out everything
and most of all have a group photo
Friday Friday Friday oh wait that's the
wrong song the bells for the wedding
they're actually it's the bells for
convocation but you know sometimes when
I to pretend sitting in the one for you
will oh so Harry Potter right now
