on Sunday the 24th of april 2011 i
uploaded the video to the youtubes
titled SCD undesirable number ones in
Miami Beach I open that video with the
colloquial expression what up homes an
individual with the YouTube user named
spooky care yes responded to that open
up with the phrase you're so white oh
did you uh you have no idea I first had
the expression when it was used by my
friend Georgia Buchanan eight University
in our halls of residence every time I
would walk into her room about a year or
so ago I would say hello she would say
what up homes until about two weeks ago
I thought it was spelt like this the
fictional detective who lived up 221 big
Street now for the one or two of you or
in case my mother is watching what up
holmes is spelled like this refers to
homeboys homegirls or as made famous by
that song brittany murphy signing
clueless homies so that's my hashtag
white girl problem of the day have a
nice monday my friends
