hello everyone so today on another
episode of sorry can't drive so
sometimes to get my friends to drive me
places a town where kv grew up i
grudgingly award 1.2 driving which out
my friends especially my friends who
live in the u.s. to show me the parts of
the US that they know best personal maps
of america as it were the places that
are important to them and the things
that they are most familiar with this is
Edmunds seattle washington USA go I like
these little flashing red lights already
cute that's the theater to that I went
to a few harry potter releases a i bring
in the town would go so it was always
really crowded so
True Grit a big ugly building a holes
like this he still doesn't get these
Hardware yeah oh it's like the but
everyone in the city which was like are
you actually kidding right now it makes
me sad to look at it where would you
like me to parks in his head um we can
park down by the water then Kenny told
me about a huge wreck just off the coast
of Karen island sorry Edmonds now it's
an underwater park for divers explore
for the giant London yep that's so crazy
but I could part of the reason the orca
whales are my favorite animals because
when I was little I've up that Paul he
wants ski swimming gotta go this is a
much different beach then the beaches
that you were right yeah I was like I
love speeches in the tropical places but
because i live in Washington I actually
really like the speech did make me miss
Lyme Regis and all the pebble beaches I
grew up with just a little bit so many
birthday parties here Oh everyone was
like crazy about this rob just get like
a running start music don't warrant but
I had a terrible fear of like whacking
my head on the rock I could never grip
properly Cayley had slipping problems I
think I did at a certain point
it's a good you know 19 years ago Sarah
this is Katie's childhood playground
which understandably looked a little bit
smaller than she remembered it they look
so small I know it's kind of sad that's
free I used to build the client I'd like
fit in it with my friends what's
multiple people in the tree God wait
which one it was all in all a really
weird experience feeling nostalgic and
sad for someone else's memories
especially when candy realized that the
trees she used to climb was missing I
hate when you go back to your childhood
you grab and stuff that you loved was
just gone I would sit in it for hours
and my mom would know where I was and
then she'd start yelling i do on one
side and another kid would be like god
then you'd be like by the time I look
big enough to play here I didn't really
want to play here anyone yes you're too
cool to do damn cool I like to throw
that one like thing you considered over
there something we should be like 70 how
a childhood to die better not come back
yeah this because it's too depressing no
he's just an entire thing though oh I'll
i got older and this is so gross there
was a tire everybody was up on its side
at my elementary school any of her
friends would hide in there and then we
always just possibly like dr. that's
positive hiding fire pick a cat
