and contrast to the other wacky of
videos that I've been uploading today
I'm going to talk about some books i've
read recently and also one really cool
thing that i got to do go to Harry
Potter the exhibition I bought just one
thing a postcard of the Hogwarts Express
but it was absolutely amazing I wrote a
report about it for the leaky cauldron
you can find a link to that in the
description bar below as you know last
week I went to Miami and I read
basically a book a day which was really
really good and very much helped me
getting ahead and work for this term no
wraps today unfortunately first one was
dog eat is in your pants by Jessica
Hagedorn there's book a certain
Philippines has multiple narratives
makes it little hard to follow it
sometimes but you've got a ton of
references to films my old Hollywood it
really does fill out this huge mythology
that everyone just refers to all the
time it's really great in that respect
it's a presentation of the dictatorship
and a presentation of the politics a
presentation of the issues of class
mobility the use of multiple narratives
shows the way in which those histories
are things just all told by people not
one of them is concrete and that you
can't really trust anyone in the story
it was a fairly good read I don't know
that I've read anything sentence
Philippines before a special not men are
so that was really interesting but I
don't know that it got me particularly
excited if you do like multiple
narratives a multiple narrative story
that I like two rather a lot better was
a short history of women in your pants
by Kate wall but this book came out in
2009 multi-generational focusing on the
stories of women in one particular
family starting with the story of a
suffragist the suffragist name is
Dorothy or as I came to refer to her
Dorothy the first and as my professor
games refer to her uba Dorothy because
there are lots of Dorothy's in the story
but thankfully there's a family tree
which makes everything so much easier i
wish all multi-generational narratives
had a family training because it really
does help i enjoyed the stories of kind
of the older women in the family a lot
more found it slightly difficult to
stomach the chapters about kind of the
younger daughters the unprofessional i
did appreciate the depiction of like the
different concerns of women as well as a
discussion of protests and information
and technology and how that will work
together that was particularly
interesting it was quite funny not too
long easy-to-read set in the UK the USA
patagonia and i think that's it i did
like it even though that I don't know
that I
like the last kind of couple of strands
of the family tree all that much another
book I read was crow tell or the
president's daughter in your pants by
William wells Brown some people consider
this to be the first African American
Novel there's slave narrative but it's
kind of weird because it's also very
political and a lot the time when I was
reading it I felt like William wells
Brown was kind of just writing this big
manifesto wish to what you know normal
so kind of like that but at the same
time it wasn't really the story of clay
tell as much as the story of William
wells Brown trying to get his point
across other than by putting his
narrative his own personal narrative
which he does include at the beginning
of the novel as well it's obviously very
important book I would have preferred
her here a lot more about hotel herself
and at time some of the ways in which he
focus on the owners of the slaves seem
to be a bit tangential and distracting
but at other times he did it really well
and asked all the right questions about
the slavery know so I'd like I think it
was a good region it's an important read
but I didn't know that I liked it that
much I also find the image of the tragic
mulatto like this beautiful mixed-race
almost white women extremely troubling
is really worrying that this kind of
story had to be presented through the
frame of the beautiful woman says a lot
of bad things about us I think at
present I'm 255 pages into ghost written
in your pants by David Mitchell it's
kind of sci-fi multi narrative again
kind of go all around the world really
liking this so hopefully I'll finish it
by the end of the week and have another
review of this up for you lastly when I
was in Miami I found this independent
bookshop called books and books which I
think has two other locations in Florida
and a couple of other locations in the
States independent and locally owned
bookshop whenever I find a nice one I
always have to buy a book from that
conveniently well Grayson Will Grayson
in your parents just came out and pay
the back so I bought that I like to
collect editions of books but very read
it twice so far are we excited to read
it for third time keep reading that me
know where you're reading the comments
