this is another episode of sorry can't
drive about the food that I ate when I
was in santa monica california i'm a
vegetarian so I don't eat meat or fish I
was really really open to trying new
foods and trying new things under the
kind of vegan vegetarian umbrella anyway
here you go here's some of the gorgeous
tasty food that I had when I was in
santa monica california and have places
where i got the speed one of the places
we went was swingers diner a hipster
Haven if I've ever seen one and it was
really nice who's outside even that was
a bit chilly and we only had smoothies
but they have this massive huge range of
smoothies nuth'n make to your own and
that's what we did I can't really
remember what was in that one but it was
really really lovely and as you can see
there's like some of the crazy selection
of their smoothies and some of their
menu that only has all sorts of
interesting things in it including
whiteley cupcakes which reminds me of
some of the things that I said when I
went to the grocery store new moon
chocolate for example which looked like
it was way past expiration date and
sweethearts Twilight like love heart
style as well as like real fruit pizza
does anyone actually eat that really we
also watched panera I love panera so
much but Marty soup in a bread bowl is
my favorite in the world and then
interim cafe with Mario so yummy such an
amazing range of vegan foods of
vegetarian food with loads of hemp in
everything so good for you I had a
Brazilian bowl which is this amazing
creation which the only enforcer
downside was a tundish the strange
purple potion once you eat another
pretty really good stuff but it was
still really tasty I can't even remember
the name of what Marin had but i think
was called a boob awesome the cafe was a
little head in a way but everything was
really fresh they had a great range
double Jimi Hendrix on the wall that
were these really amazing grapefruit
lamps which I really really enjoyed so
you can see here and pretty cool and
this is what pumpkin because apparently
you know it's still Halloween as you can
see we a very well I also got an
Egyptian row smoothie which I absolutely
loved so I recommend it hey
gluten-free pizza and the TV dinner
right
tarian yeah we also went to real food
daily which is another on the pricey
side and a little on advancing side but
has an amazing range of food and you
don't think that all that food is going
to fill you up but it does after about
two slices it was amazing things so so
good and the great thing about America
is that if you can't finish it they give
you these great little boxes that's
something common to a lot of America you
can just ask for box if you haven't
finished your food and you can take it
home with you so that kind of makes up
for the insane amount of food that they
did you everywhere and also the slightly
higher cost in this place and because i
was eating at all evening something that
me and wife rabri really got into was
making sandwiches she also went to the
farmers market and bought lots of
berries and things went into the beach
so trying everything to make it like a
picnic style and also state buses but
money worked out really well the end and
we just ended up craving sandwiches all
the time in America they didn't put
butter on sandwiches how weird is that
so it everyone looked at me but
strangely when I was buttering my breads
in conclusion and unsurprisingly
Southern California has amazing food
especially if you're a vegetarian there
are lots of chain options available if
you're a chain kind of person but i
recommend stepping outside the box
because there's lots of great
independent places to try so thanks for
my friends to bring into marryin for
showing me around and finding good
places to eat appreciate it
