hello everyone it's been a while since
we do this whole box thing rather than
the whole voice of a thing it's my
second day back after spring break in to
be honest I'm utterly lacking in
motivation to be at school to have all
this work that I have to do spring break
was amazing i have so much footage to
show you guys for my trips to LA and to
seattle my kind of be trying to do that
gradually over the next couple of weeks
my lovely friend christina put up a
video when we all went to get photos
taken in less than conventional costume
I suppose or so my friend Bree put up a
home video style thing of all the stuff
we got up to you when I visited her
first you know on saturday in the
afternoon I went to see how to succeed
in business without really trying which
was my first Broadway musical we're
gonna go see Dan reckless all over dan
radcliffe you plays harry potter in the
Harry Potter films was in the leading
role I was blown away because I didn't
expect him to be that good at seeing or
they go to dance and I was like okay
it's really cool I'm really psyched to
go see him I really liked him a necklace
but I don't know what they he'll be able
to do this whole for a musical babe it's
good fun to go watch I cursed myself for
not having more faith in their his
singing was amazing the only reason I
really knew it was him was because he
dropped his accent or one word in one of
the songs I was like wow no it is
actually him and his dancing was just
perfect the comic timing the work as a
whole was great the steps are really
cool as kind of a retro office storyline
and I really enjoyed my experience
tickets were even more expensive than
I'm used to pain for West End shows so
that was a bit of a shock but it was
really really really worth it and I
can't recommend it enough and so if you
can go then please do new can dance to
groundhog and it will be great secondly
i went to see Maureen Johnson interview
Laurie Halse Anderson you may remember
lots and lots of videos back that I
spoke about winter girls this book that
I read binary Rose Anderson which is
potentially triggering if you suffered
from eating disorder it is an absolutely
brilliant wonderful book I also read her
book speak and I really loved it so it
was really cool to see one although i
really admire interview area but author
i really admire it was a really fun
event even if i did feel like one of the
older people in the room it was also
great because whenever i go space kind
of thing i would be feeling very
creative and i just want to kind of look
myself in a rewrite all the time which
is very very good for me was lovely of
course to see my secret sister Maureen
and it was also great to me Laurie Halse
Anderson because she shares a name with
me
and that is just exciting because there
are very few people who share my name
pulse it's cool to go meet those people
she wrote in my copy terezi Anna because
we are cousins as well as sisters of the
heart I look forward to reading chains
and I had a really great last closing
weekend to a spring break and look out
for more videos because they'll be
coming I've also got lots of books to
review and lots of unedited reviews and
goodness knows what I have to say about
Libya at this point because it's just
every time I set to record the video
everything is inaccurate I hope you're
all safe and i hope everyone you know is
safe keep on paying attention and yeah
bye
