on the 11th of March in the afternoon
local time the evening on Thursday for
me an 8.9 magnitude earthquake struck
Japan 250 miles northeast of Tokyo Korea
and I spent the evening in early morning
with her eyes glued to the news and
having determined the Seaside safe
decided to talk to Santa Monica beach
where we joined about 100 or so other
people waiting to see the last few
whispers of a tsunami crashed into the
LA shore
expecting waves of around a meter at
most higher than normal in truth we saw
very little but throughout the day I
couldn't stop thinking about how we
rushed a witnessed disaster everything
about standing and watching those waves
felt insensitive and incredible how
could the same body of water be so calm
in Southern California but so
devastating halfway around the world
incidentally equally as odd was typing
in the link for the BBC tsunami and
earthquake live blog into a link
shortener only to find the link was the
same for the BBC live via live blog a
chilling reminder of how quickly the
news cycle replaces ongoing devastation
with ongoing devastation elsewhere and
how easy it is to forget the
simultaneity of at all even when
simultaneity itself is a fairly new
concept with news and newspapers and all
of that what makes us run to watch the
disaster how does it make sense that
there's a tsunami watch notice and the
first thing we do is go to see it 3:00
and I were talking about how it reminded
us of crisis reporting and documentaries
I used to want to be a crisis journalist
and I think in part that dream goes hand
in hand with the desire to capture
something in the desire to be invincible
as there by watching space controlling
it and knowing the space you cannot be
affected by the horrible things you see
at any rate as much as we may deny it
disastrous spectacle the great reminder
about sometimes a lack of power in a
world that says we can do anything
the devastation we cannot conceive up
until it happens to us and the
devastation that is the subject of so
many films so many stories and so many
religious tech Briand I've spent the day
at the beach but I felt like I was in
some other world is highly removed from
Japan and Libya and everywhere else a
world that all these terrible things are
going on and my mind kept trying to wrap
my head around it this couldn't possibly
be happening on a day like today I think
that's why California makes some people
uneasy at times between the Sun and the
warmth and the incredible vegetarian
food it doesn't feel like there could
possibly be any unrest anywhere in the
world or any unhappiness even when it's
right under your nose
at around one
I am the way who's stronger who would
have built that quite far and then
rushed closer to the shore and
helicopters kept circling back and forth
as a reminder of the interdependence of
a tool how much we are connected rather
than removed and how we should not use
our privileged positions and the
sinister luxury of being able to look
upon disaster rather than being torn up
within it to create bubbles in which to
live but instead we should break those
bubbles at the first opportunity
you
