when math of choice is the moleskine
City ear a few of the ones I have I will
see what London LA and San Francisco I
really really really like these we're
going to look like maps you can turn up
them up they're really interactive you
have this tracing paper you can just put
over any page I use it maybe the street
the street map for example at mark this
is Chicago and myopic books put a little
mark that means you just don't have to
write all over the map so i don't know
if you guys did this but in my house we
have all these old age of Zeb's which
have writing one of them because they're
like where my sister's friends lips were
my friends lived and where we have
planning routes and stuff traveling
around with like drew it on the map
because it was so much easier to see but
now you don't have to do that i have an
iphone so i can't use google maps all
the time i also didn't even if I did
have a knife in there are places that I
wouldn't feel entirely comfortable just
like pulling out and just like looking
down and like following it not being
fully aware of my surroundings as well
as being this really interesting
interactive project of making the map
what you need it to be for example has
hints like place its legends recipe Fars
wineries stories etc it is really yours
to do with it what you will well a one
in particular is full of stubs and
little notes and stickers I just random
things I humilated during my trip that
said Pittsburgh didn't have one of these
because to school I think can I kept
looking through all the book shops I
kept looking everywhere I looked online
and I couldn't find like a really good
Pittsburgh guide unless I bought a big
like Pennsylvania when I didn't really
want to do that I just wanted a very
specific one at the end of the day I
just went on to wikitravel and to google
maps and selected and printed specific
parts of Pittsburgh's I knew I was going
to go to basic root of the north side
basic grip south side downtown Oakland
which is where i find the university ins
office and that's advice and there are
the good things that there's lots of
good signs everywhere
your phone is asked some people as well
there would have been helpful people
seem quite nice so you two are a mosque
in city notebook addict and you want to
go to Pittsburgh and it's like I can't
go because if they're most consider late
before it never fear I survived you can
to which it start support group
