before I go on any trip it's useful to
get some books out we double where I'm
going just to have some kind of
knowledge and for me as well it's often
been the case that i'll find out fact
about a city after I've gone there want
to go back the con so I just got out a
lot of books and this one was kind of my
main inspiration for the trip it's got
all these different itineraries for New
York Washington DC and the mid-atlantic
is a book from lonely planet and their
trip for Pittsburgh was all about Andy
Warhol who was born there and grew up
there then I got some books out about
architecture architecture is not my
strong feel but my older system knows a
lot about it and it has kind of in some
way to spread my interest about it also
my grandfather on my mother's side was
an architect so it's something that's
always been kind of interesting to me
another thing that I really like is
there photo books this one's called
Dream Street and it's all made up of W
Eugene Smith's Pittsburgh project it was
originally going to be a photo essay of
Pittsburgh would then he had all these
photos left over that sound collected
and put them in this book the last one
is a book about Andy Warhol the
autobiography and sex life of Andy
Warhol this one's really interesting
it's all made up of interviews and the
videos cut off there for some entirely
inexplicable reason but what I was going
to say is that what's interesting about
it given that the title is the
autobiography and sex life of andy
warhol's composed entirely of interviews
with other people who kind of ran into
andy warhol and some degree all
throughout his life so it's not written
by Andy Warhol himself that's written
through the voices of other people to
some extent i would argue that cities
don't write themselves they are written
by other people as well but it's
important to remember when you read
these books and you're doing your kind
of research are in place before to keep
a very open mind and not to have your
preconceptions of it completely built
and completely fixed before you go into
a place I think there are many ways in
which texts and images and all sorts of
guidebooks can evoke certain aspects of
a place but it can never contain the
place fully it can give the illusion
that it does but I don't know I think
it's important to go in with a open mind
but it's also good to do some research I
would say as we begin to draw to the
close of the Pittsburgh edition of zorro
can't drive I'll just let you know that
I will be tackling LA and seattle and
then miami in the next kind of eight
weeks or so look up for
those videos more Pittsburgh videos to
come and some regular videos on this
channel happy Wednesday
