hi everyone so this video is going to be
entirely about books about some books
that i recently read mainly for my
classes at university actually all the
ones i've been talked about today upper
classes the first one is manhattan
transfer by john dos passos which i
thought was really well done it's all
set in New York City in kind of a span
that starts around 1910 maybe a little
bit earlier than that and kind of goes
on to post-war it's multiple narratives
and sometimes it can get very confusing
to be honest even by the end I was it
sure everyone was but the narratives it
does present like some of them are just
really touching some of them you kind of
feel very shocked by really feel like
you're kind of being thrown into the
city and I thought that was a really
effective piece of writing I suppose so
there's that secondly the story of
Buddhism which I mentioned in an earlier
video was really really good i like that
it uses lots of case studies loads of
examples it really called you in it was
very clear accessible but you didn't
feel patronized by and highlighted a lot
the problems that we encounter when we
study religion in general so i thought
that was a good read thirdly i recently
finished the pathfinder by James
Fenimore Cooper all 512 pages of it and
I really just like this book I didn't
like any of the characters but I thought
was interesting how like the landscape
of America was presented but I just it
was so annoying it was so like typical
oh this is the hero he said great had no
reason to see the Pathfinder as a hero
but I was being told that he was a hero
and that is something that I really
dislike next one is Washington Irving's
the sketchbook which I also mentioned in
an earlier video it's a collection of
short stories including Rip Van Winkle
and The Legend of Sleepy Hollow and it
was brilliant and it has this really
nice kind of framing all of the stories
are found within papers of an old dead
guy given that whole kind of folk tale
and authentic atmosphere that it's just
really nice and I wouldn't say that it's
a particularly hard we'd even though
that it was written in the early 19th
century so I think you should give that
short especially if you like short
stories the last book that I want to
talk about today is kind of the central
reason why I'm making this video I
literally finished reading it about 20
minutes ago and it's titled the heart
from understanding commentaries on the
pressure parameter Heart Sutra by
ticknor ton I can't pronounce it very
well and I apologize and it's them for
49 pages of commentaries on one of the
sutures from Buddhism that you
learn about vaguely if you read the
story of Buddhism but then you learn
about more if you take a class about the
religions of asia which is what i'm
doing and is why i'm reading these books
finishing this i wanted to cry but in a
wonderful way he uses the Heart Sutra to
explain some of the ideas of emptiness
and of kind of interbeing and
interconnectedness and some of the ideas
that are kind of central to my
appreciation of their little bits that i
know of different aspects of different
schools of Buddhism it put me in such a
state of calm and peace and that's
strange for me because I'm a very
anxious person i think a lot i stress a
lot as you all know it writings very
clear and it is written for a Western
audience as well so with an awareness of
the kind of things that we have grown up
learning and growing up knowing so the
examples are clear to us and so i just
i'd like please read it i mean it's it's
49 pages long this was ten dollars so
that's it for today the next books I'm
reading include Oreo another country
lots of things by Emerson got lots of
reading to do so I'm going to stop this
video and do that puts you guys soon
