so I very nearly didn't notice this but
it turns out that today it's my fifth
anniversary or new two of five years ago
today I made an account name that no one
will ever be able to pronounce fun for
me um youtube account and like I'm still
here five years later and in between
that time I started making video blogs
and you guys started watching them and I
really really really appreciate that no
matter how long you've been subscribed
for watching for or lurking for or even
if you're a troll appreciate you I
really appreciate you it's been so much
fun so I look forward to kind of
continuing on the spam journey I hope
load more videos this weekend and just
thank you so much but kind of sticking
around I love YouTube YouTube give me a
lot of kind of great opportunities and I
love the community that we've managed to
kind of build out of it even though it's
this huge website with loads of people
who have kind of never been looking for
that community aspect for those of us
who are it's been really great to kind
of be a part set a great example of this
I saw the new video from Sean dating
culture for neck this morning who
recently was able to go to da boss and
report from their human a short video
kind of showing how he got there both in
a more abstract sense and literally
because I'm sure even tougher my
Pittsburgh video and acting like that I
just doesn't wanted to be in this kind
of community that's just so strong so
powerful and has the power to do so much
good and also just you know bring pledge
before creatively and like a sense of
satisfaction that comes from watching
good video from feeling that you've made
the right video and just kind of putting
yourself out there which I think can be
a very powerful thing so thank you so
much um here's to another five years hey
guys
