yes we're the only good lighting is the
bathroom generally I try to look for
really cheap accommodation and also just
hostels hostels have lots of students
they have the habits of people from
around the world there and it's just a
generally like really nice environment
to be in as well as being cheap the
benefits of hostels aren't and mean that
they're cheaper also that is obviously
another pretty good thing but sometimes
especially when I'm traveling alone or I
know that I won't be seeing people all
day or I just can't find a hostel for
example it was really hard to find a
hostel in Pittsburgh they didn't even
know if they have any then I go to hot
wire or Priceline or one of those kind
of hotel websites where you can just
look up a hotel and with hot oil for
example you put in like the minimum
number of stars that you want in the
kind of vague area that you want the
hotel to be you know give you a hotel at
like a really discounted price say like
this time for example I've been really
lucky I've been putting the Sheraton the
Sheraton the Station Square and they
gave me a Sheraton preferred gas room
which is absolutely beautiful and so
here as discussed is the bathroom and
then
this is my room I even asked for like a
room for one and they gave me two beds
so I won't be for sleeping and one will
be for jumping on and then you have a
lovely view of a car park or a parking
lot then look over there as I said I do
try to stay in hostels and embedded
breakfast and stuff just because I think
that they are kind of more faithful to
the area and you can just have a bit
more fun in them but sometimes you do
need to kind of spend a little bit more
money I've been lucky this time around
and now I'm going to set off for the
jungle you know vent at the Carnegie
Lightroom and wrong the way can I
hopefully do some filming as well soon a
bit
