hey guys so I've been having to be a
little bit creative about how I still my
time here because obviously I'm
traveling alone and I'm so here and here
is basically but we are in the middle of
nowhere I almost forgot so I could go to
the gift shop which is a time into the
shop and finally things that might
entertain me finding typically American
things and to show how much I am
embracing to American culture I wore my
Mickey Mouse t-shirt today and I've been
watching HBO and I tried to watch CNN
this morning but it made me miss the BBC
a little bit too much so I can do that
but when I first found its cracker jack
I promise you they're not paying me to
make this and but this has a real page
and various puts out of my life some of
you may know that I used to watch one
tree hill with an extreme amount of
enthusiasm and of course Nathan and
Haley you know with the bracelet and
stuff whatever and also when whenever my
mom sees that episode where Nathan gives
hey Leah bracelet though he found a
crackerjack she's always say oh and over
said America I held a crackerjack as
well so let's eat these are the things
entertain me guys and surprise inside
looks very promising says surprise
inside guess what's inside quite quite
quite quite quite quite good quack and
said this is entertaining we appreciate
it that you're quite good what should I
do to keep myself entertained very sad
because I brought my mum and lots of 30s
real mexican style see another pack here
smell amazing but i didn't have a fridge
here and i can't make impact in so I'm
gonna have to like give them away to
someone and love and table into my
mother which makes me very upset but
only as long as I get home hopefully I'm
okay but they have predicted more snow
this week
ok so i guess what i have to do is wait
and see luckily some violent as it has
been amazing and just comped my hotel
room until my flight and and they also
just clean my room which means that it's
tidy and so I'm feeling very spoiled
right now but I still want to go home
very badly
