it's so funny I've said this before but
reading comments on the tongue-twister
video people are always so surprised
that I'm half Mexican and that I can
speak Spanish and my Spanish isn't
wonderful grammatically it's a bit
appalling but I really enjoy speaking it
and I try to keep it up as much as
possible I try where possible to speak
to my mom who's the Mexican member of my
family and only in Spanish and I haven't
been back to Mexico since 2007 which is
a shame my family thought my grandfather
on my mother's side died in 2008 in some
way maybe Papa doesn't wanna go back
because he's still alive for me there
and going back and seeing his empty
house would be very sad so that said I
have so much family there so really
lovely cousins sadly as most so you know
the situation in Mexico right now isn't
great because there's kidnappings
everywhere and there's mud one of the
things I would say is probably the
nicest thing about being in the u.s. is
how much Mexican food there is
everywhere and how much Spanish you hear
around I mean even here on the East
Coast I heard a lot of it when I was in
San Diego but hearing it's also
everywhere and I was I was quite
surprised with that which is really
really love there's a Mexican
supermarket really near me well find
near me I mean like a 25 minute walk and
no one walks around here but I walk so
it's fun I get from time to time I don't
go as much as I would like for them I
went today and it was funny because
every time I walk in I'm just kind of
attacked by memories which is amazing
because for me a large part of my
relationship with Mexico is my
relationship with food obviously when I
went I would only go for a week would
everything my mom cooks I feel has a
Mexican influence somewhere in there and
then obviously when we would go out
there certain people would have things
that they ate so for example the malleus
I was associated with one of my uncle's
who always offers me the map I watch it
today and I saw a little green things of
jelly or jello as they call them here
and in the world packages and they
reminded me so much of my Abuelita who
used to always have them in the fridge
and would always offer me jelly and just
the range of flavors of jelly as well I
just always braised my mind and then
guess although what hacker which we
would have in like in the cars on our
car journeys traveling places to see
family it's amazing how much food
defines my relationship with Mexico one
thing that's been really interesting
about the critical race theory in
American literature and culture class
that I took this semester and that who's
just finished today actually apart from
the 15 page essay
to write about it is that the idea of
assimilation is addressed a lot recently
especially and I seriously found myself
identifying with a lot of the creative
works about the mixed-race individual
I've never lived in Mexico even though
I've grown up in the same house in the
UK my whole life it's remarkable how
many of these things I felt identified
with anyway food so I've got two types
of extra bread today this one is called
a con check so it's like a shell this
was my favorite this has always been my
favorite and the other one I got an
honor or memory though and I Rekha but
it didn't get sugar it worried my desk I
associate Mexican with food and the
people I get to see and there's like
smells I really miss I
I miss it so much I really really miss
it that is one of the loveliest things
being here and I'm very grateful to the
US for that I'm also grateful because I
went to a thrift shop today and this hat
for a dollar and it's keeping my ears
nice and warm bye guys
hasta luego
