I had this friend could Lex who has no
balls for two reasons firstly because
she's a lady secondly well she doesn't
even have any lady balls either because
she's so talented but so
self-deprecating late last night at
approximately one in the morning British
Standard Time British daylight I don't
know what it's called she put out a
tweet that said I finally listened to
you all and made a bunch of my demos
available to download as part of a
hilariously titled EP the hilarious
title is by the way some like it rough
let's close these songs rough unmixed
terrible Devers awful I've listened to
this EP it is a very good EP it can be
yours for two pounds two pounds that is
cheaper than a bus fare and let's not
talk about how ridiculous that is that
it's cheaper than a bus fare which is
now 2 pounds 20 which I found out if you
remember your oyster card it's one pound
30 still expensive selects is probably
going to be very self-deprecating and
modest when she talks about this
especially when she tweets about it but
I think you should buy it because I
think it's wonderful I was listening to
this morning as I was rereading Looking
for Alaska because in its international
Alaska young day today those of you who
have read it will know why it made me
feel all international last young Danish
if you like it then send Lex a tweet of
appreciation or go to a YouTube channel
and comment
