hi everyone so I could spend the next
two minutes telling you about how I
actually did make videos I just never
got around to uploading them like this
one I would never wear real fur and that
one my New Year's Eve started out in a
panic didn't know what to do also do you
have loads of more footage from that
hotel that I was staying but I have been
home for a while I which you can see and
I actually just came back from watching
The King's Speech in the Sonora and I
thought it was absolutely terrific I
really recommend it I'm not like a
massive film buff I go to the cinema
because I just really enjoy the
experience it's just fun i'm going to
see things and going to see how people
represent stores in a different way than
kind of my preferred way of books and
how the now to changes and how the
writing changes when you're writing for
film and when you're waiting you know in
a book but i always didn't have five
seconds to even think about that kind of
stuff because the King's Speech was just
so beautifully done it just ran together
incredibly well and Geoffrey Rush and
Colin Firth and Helena Bonham Carter
just stood out beyond most things that
I've seen this year actually not this
year in the past 12 months in the cinema
and I've just I was so impressed a lot
of people tell me that I should go see
black swan though because everyone
saying very good things like that but if
you haven't seen the king's speech then
i encourage you to do so my mother
brought me a cup of tea for biscuit and
a mince pie and it's pies aren't meaty
they have raisins in them and other
sultanas and things anyway look that I
recently finished and got for christmas
from the earth but Stephen Fry's to fry
chronicles which is the second part to
his autobiography the first part being
mayor up if my wash pot and they kind of
alluded to future biographies coming I
hope that they do I hope they're written
because I I find seen the frame to be
really interesting I don't know what it
is about him I think it's because and
this is something that he talks about a
little bit in the book he's seen as
being like the quintessential Englishman
and almost retro vintage anachronism
living amongst us I find it interesting
why we need to see him like that to what
extent he presents himself like that how
that whole idea works within our
culture's it's been really interesting
to read about his university years and
the friends he made there obviously
including hugh laurie and emma thompson
and it's really interesting to hear him
talk about his encounters with other
writers especially ben elton who was
kind of prolific writer would put
like 50 pages while Stephen Fry and Hugh
Laurie would write like one some points
it felt like a little bit of an
out-of-body experience they were
certainly insecurities that you talked
about that I found like oh I've really
identified what they were saying this is
stephen fry like he's a big day how can
i identify with them and it just goes to
show like the power of celebrity and
making you feel like you're wrong to
identify with something in an
autobiography my head is weird secondly
I did finish never let me go in your
pants which I actually really did love
and a commenter when I first thought I
was going to read it I'm sorry I can't
remember your username said that and
when they first read it they finish that
they were like oh it's alright whatever
wasn't really that big a deal but then
once you start thinking about it more
and more it has like this kind of slow
burning impact on you and that's what
I've really found as well especially
seeing the trailer for the film is
actually making a very big comment on
again how we come to recognize ourselves
as human and recognize other people as
human and how we fail at doing that you
know so that's why I really liked never
let me go the narration was really good
it's from a female perspective of lady
called Kathy H the novels written by man
so I mean that's always quite impressive
but i really i really like never let me
go also if you don't feel like going to
the cinema and I don't know you've got
some DVD vouchers and stuff especially
if you're in the USA cuz I don't think
is out in the UK yet and easy a came out
on DVD just before Christmas and it's
such a good film I've seen it so many
times at this points that I just can't
stop recommending it so funny so funny I
got a bucket get a bucket by sunshine I
can love and know that Salman oh whoa I
promise you I won't sing again for a
while
