hi everyone maybe finally I'm sweating
making yesterday have something little
bit about how shocking is that we aren't
talk about partition in any great detail
in school and it's something that's
really lost over to be clear when you
learn up Britain in the UK or any
foreign islands at school there are
certain things that you keep going back
to you like we did the Tudors and the
Victorians over and over again and
depending on which teach you've got you
did get a little bit more about so like
the Victorians for example we did study
aspects of the racism of being like
feminine aspects of where that focus on
classification and these are propelling
this idea of like white superiority and
so on but we've really only touched on
that and then when I got to university
in the US and they did critical race
theory that will really analyze that in
great detail but colonialism is rule
wouldn't really something that came into
the narrative in my education in my
compulsory education from the age of
like fine whatever rail to the age of
seventy when I finish school in history
classes the time series I remember most
learning about where the world of the
roses and the Tudors over there again
the Victorians every now and again and
then you do is the First World War and
Second World War and the way that serves
effect so the person Second World War
was spoken about is very much like and
then Europe sat on a table and during
that the countries and you know we
didn't have as many colonies anymore and
that was kind of it like there was no
analysis of what this really meant there
was no focus on the people who are made
into refugees from his actions from the
violence and viewed from his actions
from the real violence of colonial rule
itself and the ways in which it affected
people's day-to-day lives it was very
much seen in very much like kind of
arm's length but also quite micro
whenever we study history it broadly I
found myself looking back at it
realizing that we studies you know the
kings and queens and the Prime Minister
decisions and the kind of very small
history we don't see the effects of it
as much other than this big dates and
and big events and big vessels and big
approaches to it but there are also not
inclusive of all the people who are
affected by it I become increasingly
aware of these huge gaps in my education
in what happened
in the world and I'm never going to be
able to sit down and take an absolutely
everything that happen in the world but
I feel like I have a personal
responsibility and I'm trying to always
other counsel to it and educate myself
on this front and to know more about
Britain's history the converse and
history is essential in understanding
where we are today as I was like as a
Briton and understanding why we're in
critical situation why people can get
away with calling refugees cockroaches
and playing with language in this way
and using other people especially
branded black people as pawns in this
larger narrative and and why also and
this is something that I felt everywhere
again already speaking there must be for
everyone we're quite good at embracing
stories of black people in the u.s.
people through really truly support
behind sounds like so much and human
figures and so on which are important
vital films and I'm so glad that they
exist and I want more and more of them
with more and more black filmmakers and
Asian filmmakers and please please more
and more life in x'l makers and also
people supporting them with their money
I do feel very strongly like British
black brown history it's just not spoken
about it's just feeling like all that's
happening over there when you're looking
at ethnicity the makeup of the UK is
different to us as much whiter
population frankly speaking overall and
that's not the case in like London night
London is such a metropolis and
experience and they love it but poorly
speaking the UK doesn't have as big of a
population however that doesn't mean
that there weren't like a brown people
in our history through our history and
not often were servants or lower down
some of them were extremely powerful
some of them were extremely
well-connected it definitely like enjoy
talking up
in having tea parties and you know going
I saw the Queen once and very exciting
and all that stuff and I really do enjoy
us up and not going to pretend that I'm
completely fascinating myself in some
kind of purest sort of form but I have
voice expect quite I would say healthy
skepticism of nationalism and what it is
showing to me over and over again is
that it's like these desperate grab for
its own survival but a survival of the
story in which we must believe in order
to justify the actions taken in the name
of our country we can't look at these
issues in the eyes because they call
into question a greatness and the like
inherent victor like the winner that has
had winner sense of Britain's that not
only flaw in and of itself I think
that's just a travesty and kind of
extremely into Maine and it also leads
to these huge gaps in understanding
about where we are today and like the
kinds of questions and the kinds of
things that have been said in our press
today I'd be interested to hear about
firstly what your education was like
especially in terms of colonial rule
post colonialism was a bit more present
in universities but things I didn't
really have a background I didn't so
much note to go looking for it so in
some ways I did I did look at like
writing back and when I went abroad I
also looked at other poets and derek
walcott especially it's been very
influential to me it wasn't recently I
even considered because get to seem like
every specific academic field rather
than something that is a direct effect
of Britain being in the world and the
decisions that have been made in the
name of the country not this country but
also I mean this country's the whole
other story so I would be really
interested in whether this is similar to
your experience how you learn about
going within the world whether you and I
guess agree or have any other thoughts
and things I'm seeing this video little
pieces to know it could
resume or I guess that sort of like
invasion felt separate week I remember
learning about the Spanish and they
moshe cut the earth tech and feeling so
outraged and so horrified and just like
in my heart horrified that could happen
but having no recent power for it i felt
like it was very separate and not
something that i needed to look at or
address any real way because it was so
in the past and part of that is
privileged and and looking the way I do
despite being Mexican like it it is a
matter of privilege but at the same time
it's also a huge chasm in my education
do i frighten so so uncomfortable and so
dreamed of but rather than just like
sitting at home feeling ashamed of it i
thought i'd try to like shine a little
light on it yeah I think Michaels
understanding why we are the way we are
and why people feel like they can save
the things that we can say and why it's
like institutionally supported so that's
it for today see you tomorrow probably
right
