video response so military Nelly
uploaded a video on the live trade is
everything channel life changes
everything I just watch this morning it
is all about the lies as the story that
is Cinderella I can't myself very lucky
because one of my formative books was
royal dolls revolting rhymes which I
don't know how many of you have read but
basically re-creates fairy stories in
either the traditional grim way or if
they're not Grimm fairy stories and he
just make some gross and they are just
brilliant that helps really they're so
funny they're not so centered on the
gays and that by that i mean the ga is
said eve i really wish i had in with me
if you don't have them if you never read
them and you're into children's books as
I am then revolting rhymes it's a great
purchase especially for our friend this
Christmas no one paid me g status and
otherwise I'm sure they'll be at your
local library because they're just so
funny I also know the Grimm's tell
versions very well and knew them from a
very young age so I had no illusions
another formative but for me Harry
Potter of course which I read mistakes
but let's not talk about that the famous
five books which I got for my fifth
birthday I think and we're also
incredibly forward to for me and they
would have been in a kind of terrible
way because the girl that I like the
most the youngest character a girl
called an who always like to make tea
was um kind of annoying in retrospect
she couldn't swim as fast as everyone
else because she was a girl and she
wasn't a tomboy enough like George she
didn't want to give up her feminine side
to become a boy favorite character from
some reason I don't know why remember
occasions just thinking like just shut
up you might Julian in many ways that's
why I think I'm very fortunate to have
had a job at a bookshop because it makes
me even more aware of how we reached a
child is important because when you're
that age is kind of like whatever is
given to all the Cubs in most
interesting cover that you pick out the
library but we shall see how messed up
my children are and not a linear future
hopefully quite a way down the line and
yeah that's all for me on this video
responses are lovely day love it it does
you know
