hmm so the sad thing that happens when
you lose your laptop is that I've lost a
lot of recent photos and video that I
uploaded in the past fortnight or so to
my computer because those I deleted off
my camera once I uploaded them because I
didn't have much space for my camera the
good thing about it is that while I've
been checking going through and seeing
what I've lost
I found video that I haven't uploaded
yet so here are some footage from my
trip to Chicago then I took over October
Break which was a week a week long I
spent some time in Chicago and then I
went to Boston and cool so see you guys
later
why have I read this much so I was
looking through my footage from Chicago
and I'm some kind of cool clips there
were some carousels and some boats and
some really pretty views of Lake
Michigan and then I came across this
little piece of footage of Puppets on
Navy Pier watch the guy on the right in
the red there we go
there he okay someone wants to be on
YouTube and the woman does not approve
this is my friend prema she's great she
wanted to perform a dance for us so
there she goes performing to us and the
whole of Lake Michigan five points of
Gryffindor if anyone can realize why I
filmed this little piece of video the
thing I really love about Chicago which
is maybe why it's probably my favorite
city in the whole of the u.s. that I've
seen so far is the fact that there's
water everywhere it really reminds you
of home for some reason it's like the
whole city is built around showing off
the water that it has above all there's
that gorgeous lake
like to in your eyes
yeah alone in this gorgeous little bird
was probably my favorite new friend from
Chicago he came and ate some my
breakfast whilst I read the brief
wondrous life of Oscar Wow I have about
two minutes of footage of the sister
Berthe so if you are so inclined then
click on him and shortly alright now it
will link you to all the footage of this
lovely little bird dubbed Oscar
yes I'm weird I don't know if you can
see where my finger is pointing
precisely but that's where terminus was
held and then the Congress hotel down
there
Betis mommy
