it's really important to stress how much
I'm enjoying my time in the US I know
that I kind of have a tendency to tweet
about things that kind of niggle me or
annoy me such as when people who seem to
think Halloween is a US invention asked
me if its celebrated in the UK yeah it's
kind of Celtic leads me to ask whether
they've ever read Harry Potter and the
Philosopher's Stone I don't even want to
know the answer to that these are
trivial stupid funny random little
points and not at all representative of
my time here's a home that being said I
have been finding writing here and going
to be difficult and in kind of in both
in academic sense and a creative sense
vastly on the academic side of things
the first essay I got back hills covered
and rewrites why didn't use first person
who should have used I hear and I tried
so hard not to be disheartened I tried
to use it as constructive criticism and
I kept coming up against a similar wall
in all of my classes until I realized
that the professor's here are asking for
something very different from the
lectures and seminar to tease that came
the works cited page from an essay I
really last year and the one line work
cited that I wrote on before i handed in
an essay on John Milton I needed even
have written it because no one else
included it because we only were using
one book I think it would be pretty fair
to say that the UK system is more
research base as a whole the u.s. system
places a lot more focus on your
individual response to the text near the
system is inherently better or worse but
the useful thing I've come to realize is
how i right how I work working with a
large range of text to better illuminate
and kind of establish my position rather
than the reader response approach I
suppose it's not like a blind read your
response which they have hit they do do
a lot of theory and things but it's just
not used in the same way creatively the
writing i do my free time here is pretty
crap when I went to Chicago evoked a
breaker kind of felt something unlock in
my head and I wrote an awful lot I don't
know where there was the big body of
water that is Lake Michigan I have a
things for bodies of water i spent 19
years of my life living super close to
the tens I can't allow myself to fall
back on writer's block I can't allow
myself to use the excuse that writing
and learning in the US as differ
from the UK it is without a doubt a
learning opportunity fulfill excerpt and
creative ideas just like stuck inside of
me and the creative outlet isn't
functioning and the way they used to and
I thought I just I find it really hard
we all know I find it impossible to
reckon with my warped I do of academic
failure I feel like I'll come up is
you're a better writer of foot a writer
if i push through creatively I mean
perhaps this blog won't happen again or
at least I'll know how to deal with it
it's very strange being unable to write
is normal unable to focus I get very
scared sometimes that that would be
taken away from me I couldn't function
without the ability to write and read I
really really could not but it is just a
horrible sometimes so that has been my
biggest challenge that and the lack of
galaxies chocolate but more about
chocolate in another video
