Charlie it's your 20th birthday and a
little bird asked me to write you a song
on a ukulele but I didn't have one so
it's hard of sanity caddy are gonna have
to do so today on your 20th birthday I
imagine natural feeling quite old but
don't worry so has the doctor and
Dumbledore and Gandalf and pokemon meant
Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck and who
really gives a what the book about being
old when you've done as much as Charlie
has but today i propose don't think
about being old because being 20 it's
quite cool like according to wikipedia
there's a village cool 20 a Lincolnshire
not that I know where there is because
I'm from London and I my London centric
pic and 20 it's a smallest primitive
abundant number i don't know what that
means but it sounds rather good and 20
is the atomic number of calcium and
calcium gives us milk and note gives us
chocolate and 20 the age majority in
Japanese tradition and Japan gave us to
do jibley and now it's time for a random
TARDIS and tea caddy solo go some
achievements in your 20 years include
dressing officer superhero and meeting
John Lasseter oh my god and appreciating
economic design
remember that tide and Nintendo and fish
food not food for the fish but they're
tasty yummy dish and the only thing
there's left to say they have a really
said today's Charlie have a happy
birthday hi everyone so I just finished
editing that video right now I can't
really believe that you know if you're
seeing this it has gone up on the
Internet great everyone can see how well
I can sing my abilities as a lyricist
hurrah anyway happy birthday Charlie I
have a really good day I heard a lot of
fun and I hope you have lots of really
cool stuff lined up because as I said
you've done so much especially through
and you she would everything you worked
really hard and that's really good i'm
excited for everything that your work
with Doctor Who Confidential entails and
yeah haven't really good birthday happy
birthday also I don't use rhymes ENCOM
once during the composing of the song so
I think that's just evidence of my
genius as an air assist I think that's
everything that yeah this video
encapsulates goodnight everybody good
morning hi I'm your morning chair yeah
the end theme going on
