hi everyone so in today's video I wanted
to address something had come up quite a
lot in your questions on YouTube and on
Twitter I just wanted to think about the
ideas of traveling part the reason I
Piper's program was not simply to have a
different kind of mentality when it came
to teaching the more liberal arts
curriculum nor for the high standards of
teaching that the university I map huh
but I also wanted to see as much as
possible as I could offer us in picking
that time apart what does that mean when
people still say and we're taking you
out or I winner I'm going to take some
time to just go and see the world like
what does that mean is that a loaded
statement like does that still have
these like echoes of chloe's and are we
going to these places to find out how we
can control them and my battery is now
running on reserve power there are we
really much better than that and we're
actually getting because we want to have
kind of an insight into how other people
have developed so it's to control them
just for the noble goal of more
knowledge if that's a noble goal at all
questions from about the mid sixteen
hundreds to about the mid eighteen
hundreds of so there was a grand tour
that very rich british men would take
around europe and the idea was that
you'd go to places like Italy where you
would see the Italian art at the
Coliseum and you would see everything
where the Roman Empire was kind of the
history of roots of Western civilization
you go to these places to kind of have a
sense of where you belong in that story
that you know the kind of the myth
behind I guess the UK and how it came to
be and the knowledge and their thinking
in many ways that's died out but in
another sense we still go to travel like
a lot of my friends went on gap yours
saw the world so what's that mean I've
been thinking about why I chose to him
to be worse apart from the fact that I
do have friends here I've always enjoy
you to go into the u.s. i haven't had a
bad trip here why did I you can't drive
choose come to a country where you need
to drive or even on a more ridiculous
level why did I being someone who
believes in the metric system coming to
a place where I can't even understand
what temperature's going to
when they say what it's going to be on
the television environment but didn't
come to understand how imperial system
works I suppose in many ways I came to
see how a country that was existed in
its current state I'm not saying that
there was a mistake before Christopher
Columbus but in its current state has
existed for say five hundred years or so
how the country is developed and how the
people with it and have developed as a
way to control to us but as a way to
control myself in the UK so that
distance again you know like it's the
same when you're working next day you
just need a distance to understand how
you work within a structure this is kind
of in a rambling video the nose of you
who did choose to do gap years or who
have chosen to do year awards apart from
perhaps some more practical aspects of
save choosing to go to Italy to improve
your Italian to make it more fluent like
why is it important for you to be in
that society like what does it give to
you I'm just really interested in that
question if dude think study abroad is
important but I find it hard to put my
finger on exactly why I think it's
important I do think seeing the world is
important but only in a certain way
because if the world that you're going
to see is a world of British nightclubs
just in another country surrounded by
British people and around the country
what is it you're going to see the
endurance of colonialism the pakistan
floods have affected countless number of
people the last time I read it was 20
million but I'm very very sure it's even
more than that at the moment if you
could donate in any way I think that
would be a wonderful thing to do because
it hasn't received the attention that it
should have this is affected more people
in the boxing day tsunami not to say
that the Boxing Day seen our mutual
wasn't terrible but the response to that
may be because it came off the Christmas
or it became before the recession or
whatever you know was very different to
the kind of low response that has been
to the Pakistan
I chose to donate to the disasters
Emergency Committee which is kind of an
umbrella of lots of different charities
and lots of different organizations that
can help so that would be my
recommendation but have a look and see
where you want to donate wait where you
want money to go for those of you who
saw my comment on another video saying
oh yeah I've mentioned it my next video
I didn't and that's just because I
didn't think it would really be
appropriate there so here we go your
thoughts and traveling these comments
video responses all of the above
