hi everyone to firstly after say thank
you for your lovely comments in my last
video my homesickness only lasted about
10 hours or so on a Saturday it just
kind of came all at once and i think it
was inevitable because i am in a new
place if things are different my friends
are starting to go back to university
that was gonna come at any point i sort
of accepted it today i'm actually in
quite a strange mood it was just like
kind of triggered in me and just finally
it so hard to understand how we live
with ourselves I know that sounds very
dramatic and I know it sounds like the
last few videos I've made make me seem
like I'm just like hugely depressed or
something you know it's maybe I maybe
that's what's triggering a little bit
but maybe I'm actually just seeing
clearly for the first time and I don't
know whether that's direct without
University of getting older oh just my
mind not being able to cope with these
direct contradictions in my life I
talked a lot about affluenza which I
read earlier this year and I think
that's a big problem and I would still
say you haven't read it and please do
give many ways it's shaped rock the way
I've thought this year and I look the
way I look at a world around with this
yeah even when you read a book this that
hits you that powerfully I go on living
my life largely in the same way I'm user
in my mind which tries to make me forget
all these things I've learned the blind
spot in your why there's a certain spot
where if you put two lines and a gap in
the middle and you hold up at the right
distance away from your face and you
find a blind spot then your mind will
just connect the line Annie told me that
so if that's not actually true then
blame her she goes to Cambridge she
should know but it is like that it's
like I'm trying really hard to keep him
his mindset these other things are
distracting me and I'm finding it very
hard to keep hold of everything that I
want to do everything that I've thought
about and everything that i read that
shocks me you disgust me and then i
won't change you know and just I feel
like I'm losing grip of it and I feel
like it would be very easy for me right
now to just put that in a corner
somewhere and just go on with my life
and that is terrifying I read this book
yesterday by Charles W Mills called a
racial contract it's definitely a book
for people at universities kind of got
that style references to university type
things like deconstruction but it's very
readable I would recommend reading it
especially if you've read any social
contract theory if you've done any
philosophy tool actually
this is another book that i read that
terrified me actually racing the
enlightenment that's all about I
realized the ideas of great western
thinkers like Canton Thomas Jefferson
everything work it's terrifying the kids
I spent years two years or so learning
about can and not once did that kind of
stuff come up and it wasn't like he had
a passing reference here that he
actively wrote about race it worries me
how much I feel like everything around
me has controlling me I worries me how
much I feel like I'm in 1984 and I'm
going to be kind of reeducation i'm
finding scary this morning and it's it
upsetting i want to say from this paper
that i will do everything in my power to
help other people that i will do
everything to alleviate other people
suffering that i will not be wasteful
that i will not spend money on all this
crap that my life revolves around that i
won't endorse industries at the fashion
industry where people suffer every
single day that are only buy fair trade
products for clothes as well as for food
or locally solved that was one of my new
year's resolutions to only buy fair
trade craving and that fell through in
about two weeks it's disgusting i am
sickened at myself that kind of best
describes today the past week or tumor
concentrations been really bad and maybe
that's just because i have all these
thoughts going around my head I don't
really know what it is I can't believe
that a kind of well that we live in in
the UK us Western Europe can't believe
exists I can't believe that we have let
it exists that we allow ourselves and
we've welcomed ourselves these ignorant
as we are and then we'll feel it really
strong name will be like what we're
going to make a change and that
something else comes along and we're
just like oh yeah we're not i we spend
money untried and we spend money and
papal visits and all of that it really
just makes me sick anyway have a nice
Tuesday everyone sorry to be such a
downer this is my video blog this is the
way I'm for you
