I feel like it's been a really long time
since I've properly made a video
response from LA groans video i tweeted
recently about had brothers on a hotel
bed shuffled on my itunes and it was so
weird cuz all of a sudden I felt like I
was coming home from school and watching
block about this video again it was so
exciting there is no I communication
anyway so I'm making this video because
as John is coinage is something that I
feel very strongly about specifically
how us coinage makes no debts I've got
the liberty of emptying out my hardest
money box full of us cause I have no
idea what to do with cuz I just don't
understand them so let's start with a
penny of which I have many the dime is
smaller than penny but that's okay 5p
coin in the UK is smaller than the 1p
coin there are different materials
that's really noticeable it would a
fuller naturally this would be the
lowest value silvery coin it's a dime
which apparently means that it's ten
cents now this is a nickel which is five
cents the nickel is both thicker and
bigger than a dime where's the sense in
that the quarter the 25 cents makes
sense big it's noticeable it's shiny
it's generally quite a sensible coin but
I just don't understand what kind of
absolute idiot came up with this my last
remaining pound thick and all my
different material at the 20 piece I
think smaller than the 10p piece I don't
have any for a reference right now but
it's a different shape aren't we logical
AZ Alkmaar all your money is the same
size and the same color and it smells
weird UK money don't you love me it's
very sensible the five pound is the
smallest note it's green the 10-pounder
is slightly bigger kind of a orange
color the 20-pound note is even bigger a
purple the 50 pound note is huge red it
doesn't fit in our tills if you work in
retail they usually fake straight money
because strange men on it where's the
Queen I think I'm starting to get
homesick I love the u.s. a lot your
money doesn't exist by john and hank
from your secret sister in london Rosie
run london anymore that's so sad hello
complaining it's just good
