so today I was going to make it really
super stylized video about how I made
the pimps but while making this lovely
glass and lovely jug of pimps I cut my
finger our I also just hit my elbow I've
got the sweet dove made of plastered a
massive thank you to everyone who
commented such wonderful sweet helpful
things on essence video I'm sorry that
say my name you've struggled with the
same thing today I want to talk about
goal setting because I feel like January
is pretty bad time to set new goals
February it's still kind of cold and
dark but March at least today it's sunny
and the days are longer and you feel the
sense of the year moving on I feel like
March makes you more aware of time in a
way that January and February don't
because January and February is like oh
I've got the whole year to do this thing
ahead of you it's like that kind of put
a fan video that set to the song we're
marching on that's what it is it's not
necessarily a doom and gloom like time
is running away from us thing it's just
the sense that we have we're going
things are happening now the year is
happening anyway we'll see what holiday
for wrong I was brought up Roman
Catholic and soon was Roman Catholic for
the first 16 or so years of my life I
consider myself pretty atheist as it's
the past decade or so there's certain
structures and rituals and all those
things and still hold value for me and
are still things that I appreciate so
this time of year
it moves because of the Leone calendar
but this time of year is a time but my
associate was lent and some things that
I really admire about Lent at least in
its incarnation these days is that it's
a small trace it's a small focus and you
hold that focus for 40 days or
realistically for 47 days you focus on
this choice or goal or whatever it is
however you want to frame that time for
yourself and then you never to be feel
or at least I used to always feel some
kind of change after that it's a good
time it's a good time for new girls but
I struggle sometimes with goal-setting
in my personal life I'm pretty good at
prioritizing and girl setting in my
professional life whether that's my main
job or YouTube or anything like that
because I understand those structures
that I understand I think I have a
pretty good sense of what's important
and I think that even if I don't the
people around we do and I can stare at
lists of things to do and know which
what needs to be done first but in my
personal
I struggle with that especially as I
come to adulthood in series things are
getting a bit steadier you know I have a
steady job I have steadiness in other
parts of my life and I'm valuing some
level of baseline security which I think
I didn't lose a bit when my dad died and
you know there was a series of things
that I think shocked me that I had felt
a little more secure in and then you
know life happens and I fell a bit like
the rug had been pulled under me and so
I had built my own based level bracket
knowing that my mom's gonna be okay as
well like that stuff that has helped me
give me a sense of security the world
feels insecure but in the in the
microwave things aren't what they could
have been so I feel all right on that
front but in terms of choosing what I
want my life to be and where I want to
place my priorities it feels like I'm
constantly rewriting the list of what
order things should go in the oven at
Christmas there's only so much space in
the oven there's only two wire racks in
the oven and four hops on the top so in
which order do I put the potatoes and
the Brussels sprouts and the vegetarian
sausages and whatever else is going in
my oven how do I work that out and
things are always changing and every
oven is different temperature like every
day is a different feeling I only have
so much capacity every day and between
different jobs different countries and
different cities and different
situations I have a different capacity
to meet my goals shift when my life
shifts but is there one common thread
between them I don't know all of these
things have different levels of
importance and it's short term benefits
versus long term benefits as well which
sometimes can be hard because delayed
gratification and then also that sense
that like I still have a sense in my
heart that everything might go away all
of a sudden that like the place where I
am and
I was temporary and that's the sense of
security that I don't necessarily have
that I'm also kind of craving a bit more
oh I just felt really emotional saying
that yeah when I'm making the
ingredients like how many tablespoons of
paying off my student loans and how many
tablespoons of savings and how many
tablespoons of everything else I'm
fortunate that right now I don't have
much high risk that I have a student
loan but it's a UK one so my interest
rate is pretty low and I don't want to
sound like I'm boasting I'm really not I
genuinely struggle to know where I
should place my priorities and also
struggle to know who to ask I'm not in a
position I didn't feel like where I can
ask a financial advisor because I am NOT
like sitting on a pot of money or
anything we lacked that financial
education in school but then also
there's just something else that I don't
know whether or not it can be taught
where like in your situation how do you
make a decision and maybe that's what we
tried to teach people like decision
making and principles and values and how
to navigate as well but how do you teach
that I don't know I'm trying to be a
good person I'm trying to make it
possible for me to to function going
forward and I so acknowledge how
fortunate I have been even when the rug
was pulled under me or felt like the rug
was pulled out from under me there was
still something left to give I don't
want to overshadow that fact I just
don't feel like I have the language or
the knowledge with which to set the
kinds of goals that I want to and I
don't know whether those are
conversations for professionals or
friends for mentors or for myself to
decide because I think that's what it
comes down to ultimately is it's a
decision I'm making and it's not a final
one it's not an absolute one decisions
and priorities I make can and will
change according to my circumstances
I'll take a lot more than they told you
please let me know your thoughts on this
and comments I didn't want to just make
videos so that you guys can make me feel
better and comments but I'd appreciate
it
Thanks I'm gonna drink the rest of my
pins and I'm going to do some cooking
for this month's back we're there as
well I'd also just because I'm hungry
and I will see you very shortly
aka tomorrow all right bye
