at the airport at technically what is a
Wi-Fi hotspot but obviously have to pay
and thrown out in dear so I don't know
whether you can hear this greatly needs
in two hours just put a big stack of
magazines for my last night in reporters
cook with a British Big L mike white
mainstream agree hi everyone so I'm in
America with this slightly quirky throat
um I'm here it's crazy my room is
ridiculous I'm going to try to give you
at all but my computer's currently
plugged in and actually the charger did
save the plug for now one of them one of
the plugs seems more solid than the
other one the other one kind of seems a
bit wishy-washy but we shall see I shall
evaluate that later my room is huge and
it's all to myself so that's my door
with my coat on it as my bunting that my
sister made that's my huge wardrobe have
a look it's so big that I suspect Narnia
is heading back there and have a chest
of drawers which I moved to position at
Lee in my bed my patriotic bunting and
there is my middle caste cath kidston
duvet cover and this into my bed there's
a nice wool thing a baby thing on my
window it's big room is quite actually
there's not a lot of light which is the
only bad thing but i think i might buy
it's a lamp or something and my voice is
going so lovely and warm here it's kind
of sticky as well it's like humid but
it's great it's great and it's amazing
and yay and also the picture on my ID
card infernity badly look I don't look
like at all I hope don't comment saying
I look like a troll flight was fine i
sat next to the most disgustingly cute
couple in the world who are like all
over each other and giving each other
foot massages it's kind of disgusting
but I was just in my zone and I watched
kick-ass which I hadn't seen before was
really good and look if you say many
free magazines on Virgin Atlantic as
well like I had wallpaper hello magazine
and like The Economist the economy is
kind of maybe for a bit sex I've got
orientation stuff lined up today I still
have to edit a couple
that I've made any decay and I might do
that today and upload them all at once
or stagger them a little bit and but
there will be another way for you to
keep up with my life in the USA and once
that's all sorted out then I will them
that you remember details speak to you
soon
