time has come again YouTube when I must
ask too much of you it seems like this
challenge just become a place for me to
ask you to do things I feel sorry about
that but I can't help it it's just the
kind of selfish person I am firstly some
of my friends from uni a slightly from
maps a copyright so I drew my in
Eastbourne to chaminade this is supposed
to be France I think that on bikes crazy
people this I can all over France and
then going to xiamen e which is all i
want to say the Swiss border it's
somewhere near this really bad during a
bit early if you could sponsor them
they're doing it for cancer research UK
which is a wonderful charity cancer
related statistics are absolutely
nothing short of depressing so i'll
spare you those right now but if you can
donate anything that you can afford on
there just giving page and if you pay
taxes in the UK if you can take gift aid
that would be lovely i'll put the link
right here and the nice guys and I know
that they'd really appreciate it part
number 2 i'm going to the USA that's
that way in 19 days for my year abroad
and it's my birthday in 13 days my 90th
birthday I was wondering whether you
could come to event which is taking
place the day before my birthday the
event is basically because drunk when
signing at water tastes Piccadilly you
may have heard of John Green he's one of
my secret brothers he has this very
small YouTube channel but no one knows
called the vlog brothers with my other
secret brother Hank green so when ya you
might have heard of him I made a
slightly emotional video about this book
he wrote called Louise velasca once you
might want to check it out anyway his
book paper towels came out in the UK via
the publisher Bloomsbury not that long
ago John is over here being brilliant
and it's a really good chance to him to
meet his British thousand I know that he
was really upset when that event sold
out and he couldn't get any more space
so this event in the evening is
industrial greed it's also the sons of
Admiral's sons of Admiral's is a bad
made up of youtubers charlieissocoollike
nerimon ed plant and Tom Nelson I just
hit myself in the teeth and the event
costs seven pounds which I know may
initially sound like a lot of money but
it's gonna be an absolutely fantastic
evening it is all ages and for those of
you who are over 18 there is a bar
before they'll do you are under 18 there
is also a bar but you won't be getting
alcohol from it and don't even try now a
lot of you do know about the event and
have been commenting frantically of
course the Internet where is this place
the location is called the old
distillery I think it's recently been
rebranded as I smother nation and it's
in Whitechapel literally two minutes
maximum
aldgate is underground station all get
you Santa gas station I'm not really
this is all the top of my head is on the
district line one thing that is really
exciting about this event is that it's
taking place in the heart of this
massive creative district of London
called the East End would get use
virtually backs on to brick lane double
you may know that it's just a really
great place to be anyhow this is how you
get there for your first challenge
emerges as you get off the tube super
Sneaky wants to give you two exits to
the station firstly there's one towards
one place we're getting with tea that I
didn't pay attention to the other one is
towards Whitechapel art gallery you want
to go towards watch over art gallery
once you get past the ticket barriers
slapping your oyster card down or what
have you then you want to go to exit for
once you get out of exit for up the
stairs and stuff there's probably going
to be scaffolding there or there was
when I was there you turned right either
go under the scaffolding will go around
but there's a very small street that
goes kind of just behind the scaffolding
area you'll come to face that looks like
this you want to go down white church
lane the past little shops selling hats
think one of them is called posh lady
get to the end of the road you see this
lovely little building
you want to go left if you go right
you're gonna see this you don't want to
see the Gherkin you want to go away from
the girl to the left you pass a cafe
that has Wi-Fi and keep walking down the
left hand side there's going to be a
little building with a red sign at 33
and a third commercial road st. ice bar
the nation that is where the event is
going to be you see jobs under plus the
other side of the road you've gone too
far you have to walk back but if you get
lost just ask for commercial road not
commercial street which is very close
and very confusing it's 33 to 35
Commercial Road really hope to see you
there on my very last day of being 18
but the event does finish at 11 so it's
nice and early so you can get back get a
last train and not be walking streets of
london by yourself at three in the
morning cool guys i really hope to see a
lot of you there and please remember if
you can to give a bit of money to cancer
research UK by the just giving page
below as Jimmy ringer Brad Ned all cycle
across France to get some money to save
some lives bye guys
