it's a few things today it's just a
month until my birthday it is just over
five weeks until I will be in the United
States of America for my year aboard I
have packed a suitcase wedding that
that's that one over there it's got tea
and chocolate Union Jack bunting it has
45 of these pens these look like your
basic virus they're actually really
really good they're my favorite pants
right within the world I find that I
write a lot better and that I'm a lot
more creative if I write with these pens
they don't look really comfortable
that's the thing you look quite little
hexagons but I love them so I've got 45
days and I've got adapters 322 a Gentile
that's not a plug America this is a blog
I'm continuing to just get start reading
really apparently what people usually do
is that they arrive in their pools and
sleep under they're cooked and when I
just found a really kind of cheap big
quite fairly compact rather do babygirl
have that and have a really good last
night once I've flown across the
Atlantic and waited around for baggage
and gone through immigration and all
that and I was out trying to attack me
to do this today and I passed a shop
which had this big box but I've coat
hangers just free I could you clear out
it's not really much else to get I've
got my 2010-2011 planner it's a
moleskine because i'm just that annoying
it also has a really good translator of
sizes one thing we have to say that I do
find marginally embarrassing is that
they list the shoe sizes and they ending
up to seven and I'm a size 8 shoot
haven't really been doing much I've made
a few videos that I haven't edited which
is great but a lot of them are on arts
and arts cuts and things like that and
in the news of the movement at big
things the idea of graduate tax oh vince
cable I did love you once and which I
just I don't see as a helpful I diamand
slightest and I don't think he's gonna
get much support for it I need to read a
little bit more about it I need to
understand a bit more about it before I
maybe make a video about it I think it's
a system that's trying to be fairer but
we'll just end up I think just waiting
people from going to university in the
first place more than people already
just waited bugs they're going to
graduate with like 20 grand in debt I
think there needs to be another solution
I haven't come up with it yet but I'm
going to try and when I do I'll let you
know
all in all I'm very excited to be going
abroad in just over a month and just for
everything that's going to be happening
around that time because i have got a
really busy schedule around then having
made a fool of myself i returned to go
over and out and make some canola but
there's of you waiting on the tab is
tacular videos i have recorded all of
them and didn't watch the back as i went
which I normally do but I was a bit
pressed for time citrix back and they
all out sync with the audio so I'm
rather going to try and shift the audio
back or I have to record them all again
to them I thought through for more
coherent Steven Moffat is on Twitter
Steven Moffat is on twitter at Steven I
think it's at Stephen underscore more
fact I don't know if it's not then i'll
just be clarifying it right here right
now also ah how did I not say this the
harry potter alliance one two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars everyone's a
10 finishes or everyone was at VidCon
not bitter just just say really let us
even look like it would stay in a war
that is a plug
