hi guys so I'm most of you are gonna be
Harry Potter fans because if you're not
having four fans then I don't know why
you would have put up with my incessant
rambling about the series from over the
past four years
but for those of you who are or for
those of you who want to help out the
Harry Potter Alliance a fantastic
charity have got a chance to win two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars to
continue their work and to give them the
opportunity to do even more than they're
already doing now Harry Potter books
have been for so many people are so
relevant to their lives I've heard me
for example a new Harry Potter book was
always something to look forward to even
on the darkest of days to be very
dramatic about it they mean a lot to us
we care a lot about the series and we
care about the people that we've met
through the series and I think one of
the things that the Harry Potter
Alliance does really well is kind of
take that sense of caring for the prior
to actual real physical changes that we
can make the world so for example at the
Harry Potter Alliance along with a
cauldron the nerd fighting community
just all these communities kind of put
together and helped to raise over a
hundred twenty three thousand dollars
for the helping Haiti he'll appeal
sending plane loads or supplies
important thing about the charity is
that they really look at the best way
that they can help so for example the
organization that they teamed up with
for the helping Haiti hill appeal that's
really hard face to say whose Partners
in Health here had been working in Haiti
for over there something like 15-20
years so they actually really leave the
area so the money that they'd win would
be used really well and it's so easy to
vote if you're on Facebook already we
have to do is go to www.hsn
you w WH PA FTW
dot-com and click on the vote button if
you've already done that from actually
good but in the end it says something
like tell your friends and you should do
that tell your friends on Facebook tell
your families tell everyone you can and
to just sign in to Facebook like five
seconds click vote fifth fall of 13th of
July bitches on Monday becoming Monday
so we don't have that long at present at
the time of going to press
the Harry Potter Alliance are at the top
of the leaderboard but this is no time
to get complacent about such a big
opportunity
so really hope that your guarantees are
doing
people about that having met Andrew
Slackware self and the wonderful man who
runs the high culture lives I have to
say I I don't think I've ever met anyone
who has inspired me so much and who has
made me believe that I can make a change
I hope that you kind of get in that
spirit as well you can vote www.h PFT
w.com the second thing I'm going to talk
about the last thing we wanna talk about
today the 7th of July 2010 is the fifth
anniversary of the 7/7 bombings that
took place in London five years ago
obviously everyone who lives in the UK
or at least definitely everyone who
lives in London everyone knows someone
or knows of someone who either lost
their life or was injured or had their
life in some way permanently changed by
the events and I think that out of a
very British wants not to do too much
fanfare not to true realising there were
the brave people who lost their lives I
think we've almost done too little so if
you haven't already go please ask me to
take a few moments to remember the
people who died that day and just to
think a little bit about where you were
that day just to be grateful um one of
the stories that to me is the most
miraculous from the day that a big
conference of doctors was going on
literally 20 meters away my thoughts and
my condolences go out to anyone who
actually and did lose someone close to
them well whose life was in any way
affected by the events of the July it
was a big and terrible event for London
and to think about it I think
anyhow on that happy note again what's
more the last time I'm gonna say this
please wait for the Harry Potter
Alliance www.hp.com
