so today I want to talk about my friend
my friend is really annoying me at the
moment because i need a french because
without a friend i look like a potato
look observed ass girls potato potato
potato favorite fringes like this
because my sisters both have it and they
look pretty cool like the flat fringe
can't even do it yeah that's how it
looks yeah but the part with me is my
fringe grows faster than any other part
by here because it's taken me years to
get my hair this long and then my friend
does it in about five seconds Heather
since it crept into style you know a few
years ago and hair just have been
obsessed to give me the side fringe of
it which is fine because it's quite
practical note state generally out your
eyes with problem is when this happens
and then all your photos you look like
this and you just kind of look like a
one-eyed fool potato you're annoyed with
it you want to put back within its
kindness that you have a comb-over
clever like Donald Trump but like it
even less attractive version and then
you've got the quiz from fat King year
11 when everyone skirts were just
supporting short and we were rebellious
and we will eyeliner and now varnish and
we were threatened with a Tesco value
makeup remover and that set in our
deputy head office oh we caught wearing
makeup here with quit quizzes good
what's trendy if I Pat it into the plat
7g lately I've kind of been going into a
platting spree or a braiding sprue and
I'd look like a potato again this is
your task you should find a way not to
make me look like a potato go click on
quite hyper I think that's why i've made
about five videos and row now get
excited as YouTube my thumb so strange
look at that look at strange thumb five
videos lucky today too much yeah I just
