hello everyone so I'm home from uni now
which is so strange so absolutely
completely entirely bizarre I can't even
film in my bedroom at the moment this is
a room that used to be my bedroom when I
was about five until I was about ten
because my room is just covered in so
much stuff I don't know how I ever
acquired that monster like it's all just
stupid amounts of things like random
things as well like I have okay on my
clothes and shoes and stuff and then I
have cocktail shakers and like a
builder's jacket like a back a hi-vis
jacket and policemen hat just Brandon
thing just feel so strange to be back
the fact that I finished my first year
at university I think is what is
striking the most time it's just going
so quickly and I know that such a cliche
right that's just how it feels I can't
wander into people's rooms I used to
always be wandering to George's room
Georgia came in this video in a while
ago and she's got her own YouTube
channel which again you should check out
Georgia Buchanan go and ice also be
wandering to Emma's room hills and
they're kind of the next part along then
my door would always be able to people
would be wandering in or Jimmy ring on
Bradley would always be like walking
past and I'd go how the corner and I
guess you're hi Johanna smoker and Liz
then we'd walk across the courtyard to E
and we found the room that was unlocked
it was so much fun and we'll never have
that holds experience back and
everything's going to change now isn't
it it's such a good first year you knew
it was so much fun especially third time
I know a lot of people say that at
second terms a favor but third time was
absolutely mind because my exams was
done so quickly and I just got to enjoy
myself especially when the Sun came out
and we got Twitter see and stuff and the
world cup started actually made a video
about that and then I never put it up I
never managed to edit it on the morning
of the Mexico South Africa match which
was a great match I'm excited to be
doing all again next year when I study
abroad in the University and the USA but
it's also quite sad saying goodbye to
people saying i'll see you in 2011
whether or not see them over summer it's
just not going to be the same as saying
than four hours every day or even a few
times a week it's just gonna be
different and weird you have a few
things I wanted to talk to you about was
yes I like Margaret Atwood there's
nothing wrong with that I know a lot of
people like how can you like oh I don't
like her
to know I love her I did know what is
she has a Jurassic wha oh this is so
strange to be at home so weird it's also
just because with the one drink being my
name is never the same age my sisters
when they were like today wandering
around the house living at home whatever
so I never really did wander in turn out
their rooms unless I wanted to annoy
them or you know make them entertain me
in any possible way and and so it's like
I have a big family siblings it's so
strange being back in the city i'm not
seeing rambling fields full of cows out
a window I do London I really love it
and I'm going to miss it a lot but wow
it's weird something's bouncing up and
down on my computer are different that
encouraging bye guys wow I just hit my
hand
