I've spoken before on various subjects
about my inclination towards Alice about
when I'm struggling I write a list of
four things that I have to get done that
are really simple like a glass of water
and a shower and taking a walk and
making a meal things that for me can be
difficult in their own ways each
individually and things that have
varying levels of difficulty even within
that list like making a meal or
something that is much harder for me
than maybe drinking glass of water is
but there is always the sense that I'm
championing this idea that those four
things are always possible and yes they
are in their broad abstract sense always
possible but today I want to talk a
little bit and briefly I think about
what to do when you just can't do the
first thing I'm a big believer in
addition to lists and just getting stuff
done starting it because one thing will
lead to another picking up that piece of
paper on the floor for example will help
you pick up that jumper that you left on
the sofa and just picking things up as
you go there's a sort of connection
there an energy that happens when you
pick up one and then you can do the next
and then you can do the next and then
you can do the next it's a momentum but
it's also this self belief and this
accomplishment and you start to see how
what you want to get to whether that's a
completed essay or a clean room or a
completed task at work or some sense of
who you are how that's slightly more
attainable but how how do we navigate
the space between us and the first thing
because there have been many days in my
life recently and not so recently when I
haven't been able to get to that first
thing and I wonder this is a real open
question that I'd like us to discuss is
it better for me to then take that time
to lie in bed and do nothing and just
let just wait for my brain to get to a
place that it doesn't feel like a rotten
steak
and just wait for myself to get to that
moment when I can do the first thing or
it's the forcing through always
necessary and always what is required of
me
what is that space what is it made of is
it made of
depression and other problems of mental
unwellness is there a gap somewhere is
it time is it like not really having a
cure for a hangover other than time just
waiting for things to pass up your
system like what is that moment because
it feels like something sometimes is
laughing at my inability to get past
that and in that sense of being angry at
myself sometimes I find the energy to go
and do something like in anger and
frustration I find myself pushed towards
the action of which have been so afraid
you do a neglectful or whatever word you
want to put in that place but I don't
want that to have to always be the
motivation I didn't think it always is
there are often other ways I get through
it but there is just that space there
and I don't know I don't know how to
pass it I don't even really know how to
talk about it I just think that for me
to be as honest as I can about my human
experience in my experience with the
things that I talk about in here I also
have to not have to but I choose to be
open about the times that I can't do the
first thing and the hope that yes maybe
someone will have a solution but also
that there is a language we can put that
in that voidness of things in that
absence of answers and of being able to
get out of bed or being able to move
from the sofa and pick up the first
thing on the floor or do the first dish
that will allow all of the other dishes
to be clean too which will allow you to
make a meal for yourself which will
allow you to clean up after that meal
which will then allow you to make
another meal that's what I mean by
momentum like the choices I make
make other choices possible but does
stagnant kind of feeling and the void
kind of feeling the waiting for
something in me to click for there to be
that electric shock in my brain that
connects everything that I still don't
know how to do is and I don't know
whether that's the very nature of the
things with which I struggle or it's
something that we all deal with or both
but I just thought today space company
to you I had to give voice to that so
please please share your thoughts and
comments
I loved your thoughts on Lourdes green
light I kind of wish I'd gone to the
point of traffic light colors because
there's a lot to be said there about
going and stopping and this external
thing telling you but then also waiting
for it and seeking it but maybe I'll
have to do a follow-up video like
helpless and satisfied showing you a
different side of it are there ever
enough we used to look at something I
don't think so
someone said in comments that I was able
thinking and now that's like it I just
don't think that's a problem
I think overthinking is one of the great
joys of being alive and on that note I'm
going to go thanks for listening bye
