hi everyone so it has been a while since
i made a video but there are few things
i want to work today firstly i just
finished this book margaret atwood near
the flood featuring sort of crossovers
with her previous fantastic novel oryx
and crake and that's good as well so
read that if you haven't read any
Margaret Atwood at all I would always
say start with the handmaid's tale Bruce
in general it's an absolutely she's such
a fantastic writer she also has a
Twitter she's down with the kids you
know I was going to start off this video
we're showing you two gigantic bruises
on my leg they're literally look like
camel humps there's no I can do it and
also they look less impressive on camera
they have a nice greenish hue on them as
well I haven't really been up to that
much since I finished my first year of
university education i'm still in my
room obviously we've still got you know
the summer ball and other stuff going on
hopefully be sunny again so just reach
again I can make good use of my bra
during which i bought and was great
great fun so good day and since then
i've just been falling down steps and
getting massive camel shaped bruises i
did go to a bookshop today after lunch
abellio tire which was lovely as well as
something that i got as a present i also
got this whitson chacho former Prime
Minister of the United Kingdom of Great
Britain and Ireland and significantly
during the Second World War obviously
but also at other points also write
stuff and actually won a nobel prize for
literature I found out from Wikipedia
and there's these politicians what
didn't really earn much so he and I most
was money for rights and newspaper
articles and essays and and books so
here and also he like lived this
massively extravagant lifestyle which he
can afford fun fact today the main thing
I want to talk to you about Jay there
was nicknames because two friends of
mine which you have already met if
you've been watching my videos since
I've been at university even Georgia one
night decided to give me a lovely week
name's Anna people always want to call
me Rosie a lot of you might actually
know me as Rosie people from the USA in
particular I do love you all very much
but you have an obsession with nicknames
like I'll be like no rosianna you like
Rosie Rosie Rosie Rosie Anna
I can't even do it I need Canadian
Maddie in here so that she can at least
your bacon face or regression of my name
I've never felt really like a rosy I've
never felt like an Anna kind of starting
to feel like as an strangest name in the
world fantastic said a double na like it
there are also suggestions of ciana
which could also be Sienna Sienna Miller
love her so this was a really random
video because it's late I'm tired and I
want to go out because everyone else is
going outside and there's noise and
today people having good time but I
really to sleep one more thing found a
really gorgeous edition of the little
prince by Antoine de saint-exupery and
which remember to me in Spanish not that
long ago actually it's a such classic
for any age it still makes me cry
grown-ups never understand anything by
themselves and it is tiresome for
children to be always and forever
explaining things to them I've started
work on my summer playlist have now
progressed from me because it is now
June on it strangely hey soul sister by
train which is all of a sudden right
leave my head regret by new order the
original she's always a balloon by billy
joel just by Mark Ronson as wires his
new one bang bang bang with q-tip which
is such a good song the new sister
sister song which i cannot get off my
head london by lily allen cuz i'm a
londoner blister in the sun by violent
femmes which has appeared on every
single playlist of mine since the
beginning of time sailor little secrets
by passion pit which just continues to
be sought to good song skinny jeans by
Eliza Doolittle who my friend em have
discovered you haven't met them yet I'll
bring in them sometime I promise to also
bring in a few more people nature in the
year to talk about a cycling trips that
they're going to be doing so keep your
eyes peeled for that guys now I'm gonna
go and put loads of arnica on my bruises
and cry myself to sleep
