I thought I'd stop my revision for a bit
to make a video when I was 14 I was
having a really bad day like a really
really bad day and it was July and it's
pouring with rain it's horrible and I
was wearing a really big itchy school
jumper but also my summer dress just the
most horrible thing in the world has a
zip down the front it sort of plaid but
yellow and it would rip when I mean
removed it bag full of books as always
and so I walk along and I get into the
bookshop because that's what I do and
I'm sad some people you know cook go to
the gym I go to the shops because new
books or books they smell great and you
can always find something good to meet I
think what do something that you enjoy
slating as I asked whether there were
any M no give me vixen for a girl of 14
the woman said you have to read this
this is such a good book had like some
kind of flower on it and and it was
called looking for alaska and I thought
what is this random but I took her word
for it went home read it in one evening
and it was absolutely magnificent I
can't even begin to explain in fact
ahead of me this is my reading copy one
of my many reading copies of a good for
Alaska I brought to uni with me this is
the American cover which i think is not
cool my personal theory is because that
book had a flower on the cover it is
impossible to sell two boys and I just
didn't think was marketed very well for
going to book it is and I just think
it's great I think it's absolutely great
story new k publishers in general aren't
really a fan of teen fiction there's
always some kind of article somewhere
attacking how emotional teen fiction is
aware of the books like teenagers are
emotional you are angry the ridiculous
you're irrational you're just annoying
in every possible way as evidenced by my
whole existence and they go stake a
flower on the cover of book that our boy
were doing and joy and I know that they
do enjoy them because I've sold it to
people who've gotten past the flower and
they've come back they just had a heart
free the book anyway so last year Paper
Towns came out of you
two massive success and the New York
Times bestseller list it did extremely
well it still took a while for any
publishers in the UK to take notice of
it bloomsbury the same people who
publish harry potter who publish some
really good team fiction actually in
general picked it up and now it's on
sale as of yesterday and it has been in
drops of ink for a little while longer
than that it's only in paid back the
covers are saying is the American cover
pretty much the font slightly different
which is weird but it's absolutely
brilliant brilliant birth and I love it
it's hard to explain thought without
giving too much away but it's basically
about this girl Margo Roth Spiegelman
who cube has been completely in love
with for such a long time and one day
she appears is window and asks him to
Pat purrin like a revenge task so if you
live in the UK go to your local
independent bookstore please and and
pick up a copy of Paper Towns the UK
election general election is in two days
on Thursday I've already lated I voted
by post I didn't vote flavor in the end
actually partly because I would you to
vote tactically and just keep the Tories
out bet you can work out who are voting
for them I'm not devastated with that
choice to be honest anyway back to work
hi guys also I used to be really good
with music I used to keep up with it and
know what the new hot bands whether i
don't really know that anymore but i
have found this one band that i really
really like and their music is actually
available to download for free on a band
camp site that they have they're called
cults and the song i really really like
is called go outside i'll put a link in
the bottom then my hair looks really in
lyonie today ah my Amaliya
