hey guys said this room is quite dark
because it's the evening than at work
all day and I tried to make some videos
last week but I basically had the flu
from Sunday through to about Saturday
last week and that was just an absolute
pain and I couldn't really do anything
and I felt horrible forget how just
rubbish you feel cuz you can't read
because your eyes can't concentrate on
things and not being able to read is
bleak and dire and horrible for me so I
was watching a lot of television but not
really even enjoying it and missing out
on the Sun really I went for a couple of
walks and sat in the garden a bit but I
didn't really feel like I don't know I
feel like I was enjoying it but i'm back
i'm doing a few shifts at the bookshop
that I and i work at that's been quite
fun and it's been sunny again my sister
until today has been stranded in Milan
she went to the Milan designed fair
perfect cuz of this volcano she was
stuck in Milan and I know that there's a
lot of people who really really need to
get abroad add a lot of people who are
stuck aboard you really really need to
get back but generally I've actually
been quite enjoying having absolutely no
planes in the sky so we're quite near
the flight path where I live and just
and everyone just going outside and
drawing Britain and during the British
side but I don't know how in DJ's it's
going to be until there's going to be no
fruit vegetables in the supermarket so
hopefully everyone will go a little bit
more local reduce the carbon footprint a
little bit because of all these events
but i do i send my condolences
condolences may be is not the right word
but i sent my heartfelt apologies to
anyone who was stuck aboard or here when
they need to get elsewhere cuz i was
just annoying it's just annoying when
someone throws a spanner in your plans
it's not good but i want to talk a bit
about books because i haven't really
done that in a while i recently while at
the moment i'm reading shantaram by
gregory david roberts as well as then
leading a number of books on rereading
them for revision purposes because i've
got two exams coming up after this
breaks and rereading like the communist
manifesto and a Room of One's Own as
well as too many articles and foucault
and stuff like that
that I just don't really understand and
needs a lot concentration so aside from
shantaram haven't really done that much
reading I did read John Green and David
Levithan new book will grayson will
grayson which I thought was absolutely
great I think the character of time if
you put in it is just incredible and I
love to match the earth it was really
Sparky and just interesting in character
that they I haven't actually read very
often and a non stereotype in a
stereotypical way I don't know it's
probably a terrible way to explain it so
there we go i enjoyed this a lot so you
should read it and Paper Towns Joe
Queens fantastic book is out in the UK
on the third of may so you should order
it from your local independent bookshop
so that they have it in on the Fed of
mail or thereabouts-- scarlet fever is
the other one I read which I also really
loved it's the second in Maureen Johnson
series of books about Scarlett who lives
in a hotel and her shenanigans in New
York as just everything frequently
things to go from the air for her but I
really enjoyed this it's always really
funny and more adults is just such a
great writer nothing I did look at today
on my lunch break was booked something
like I tell you I love you but I'd have
to kill you I think it's called by a bee
Carter and it was really fun because it
reminds me took me back to being 12 and
13 and 8 and 9 10 I being obsessed with
books about kind of spies and spying so
I loved Harriet the Spy I loved the
mystery of cloud the mystery kids those
books kind of leading on from all their
adventure books like famous five but I
went through a real phase and I
definitely went through an agent angel
face with them the books about Mel baby
who died when she was 12 and became a
spy in heaven and it was just a such
good serious em so it was really nice to
kind of read something quite indulgent I
wouldn't say that they are the greatest
works of literature in the world but it
was nice to be something that was a bit
easy easy to remove not in a bad way
like easiest doesn't have to be a bad
thing there's nothing wrong with reading
book and finding it easy problem with
reading so many books set in the states
to have done throughout my entire life
balanced quite
easily with a diet of royal darlin Enid
Blyton sometimes when I'm falling asleep
my internal dialogue that a little thing
that won't shut up about stressing about
things and writing things down come up
with new ideas and new characters and I
don't know what did I forget to do today
and what should i do tomorrow that
internal dialogue sometimes has an
American accent and I can't do an
American accent so it's a bad American
accent and it can drive that warm little
bit but M here we go kind of a big thing
the UK general elections are in a couple
of weeks or so on sixth of May and I
hope you've registered about the last
day to register to vote is tomorrow at
Tuesday the twentieth of april i think
it is so you should do that now if you
haven't and if you're voting age
obviously I don't I don't I might do a
longer video about the debates I wasn't
as blown away by Nick Clegg because
everyone else in the world seems to have
been but I did think he was quite good
torn between labour and lib dem never
gonna make conservatives I don't you
mature hi guys sabe
