hi everyone one thing that's been
happening quite a lot recently that I've
been finding incredibly weird is people
finding my youtube videos I don't know
how I think some of it is just word of
mouth people he won't at University and
have met and lived for the past kind of
term and a half or so coming up to me
saying oh I've watched your vlogs on
YouTube it's kind of weird I get a bit
embarrassed and shy and sometimes a
little bit grumpy about and not because
I'm ashamed this whole wall but just
because I don't know it's like it's a
big part of my routine and my day I
guess in a way Who I am the whole videos
everything's which I really enjoying the
idea of new media and editing and all
that all that jazz which sounds
completely pop seemed ridiculous good
you know you just you don't go around
telling everyone that you put yourself
on the internet unless you're
advertising a very different kind of
service okay let's go Brad by the way I
went home for him a weekend and came
back laden with Mexican related goods i
didn't feel particular pitch erotic and
i love Mexico pieces and I've been
really missing it lately I really wanted
to go back I am and just don't really
have the money for it or kind of the
time to go back I'm spending most next
year in the state's most article list
because I got a place on a study abroad
program which is just so excited and
I'll fill you guys in with more
information once I have it but at the
moment it seems about 99% sure that
that's where I'll be and from late
august to may next year so i'm just
absolutely thrilled I'm in a bit of a
daze because it's quarter past nine
right now and i woke up at four thirty
this morning to finish off an essay that
was due today and i had work at ten I've
got a new job which is very fun because
I kind of missed no doing stuff and
being on my feet in them seeing people
in you know any bit of money on site
which is always helpful so that's been
really nice to do
what else I didn't I'm just really
self-conscious now knowing that people
for me University of watching yeah hi
guys um my best friend Ella is coming to
visit me a week on Monday and she always
gets a little bit stroppy in comments
whenever she sees other people being
mentioned we're actually in the video
because she said haha you know my fee
for such real time and never put me in
your videos and those big drop I've been
a bear a very bad friend because I've
been so busy that haven't Scott to back
and saw a bad person oh there's
something fortunate that gossip girl
which has come back and there's been two
episodes so far the second half of this
series it's been great and it's been
wonderful I'm so excited it's a merge
ematic and the outfits are amazing it's
just so fantastic Future ashley and i
love it so much and yeah I can't wait I
can't wait to see what's coming next I
thought last week's episode was a little
bit kind of a bit of a teaser but this
episode really kicked off with it bang
great right that's all for now I'm
actually get some sleep because I've
been awake for far too long and I want
to be nice and chirpy for brunch next
morning it might do some kind of
questions video soon so if you do have
any questions put them in the comments
and just because I noticed I don't have
time to reply to many comments the
moment book when people do have
questions they tend to arise repeatedly
and I just be easier if I just put more
one video old-school style the end yeah
banter
