hello guys it's been a while but summer
is basically here it has been really
sunny here for the past couple of days
which has been very nice and has me very
happy and bounty other thing that has me
very happy bouncies the fact that I have
best den fort 10 thing behind me that
was ever great I had a really stressful
couple of days had a really lovely
weekend last weekend in Cambridge with
them one of my best friends from
secondary school Annabel Annabel Annabel
now she's a me and then I had this
really big SI g that I've been working
on for like weeks and weeks and weeks
and it all got to me and I was very
stressed and I had very much writers
book kind of thing and so funny had it
in a Friday being quite exhausted
feeling quite riled up naturally the
solution was to make a day so I'm now
reporting from within the den and we've
got kind of stars everywhere and very
lights and cushions and duvet on the
floor and my bed kind of looks really
bear that out the top bird am who needs
dead when he helped then everything just
feels so much better in the den I was
doing some work earlier in here and it
was just was really boring work but it
was thought so much better in here so I
don't know books wise a lot of people
have been tweeting at me about books and
I am reading right now the portrait of
the artist as a young man and the essay
that I just handed in was in on Daisy
Miller and the importance of being
earnest so that was kind of two stories
that I really story / played I really am
really love to really enjoyed writing
about it's just a pain when you know
that it's quite an important s it was
worth like forty percent or something
and it's just a lot of pressure on
oneself I can't really deal with it and
the other books here the other person
reading right now scarlet fever Maureen
Johnson's wonderful whatif have been a
sequel to sweet Scarlet Witch I don't
know how many of you remember but I made
a video about last year and but I'm
properly look about that another time
and once I've got to the end of it it's
currently like my book aside from James
Joyce that I'm trying to get my head
around and I'm also really affluenza
which is this great nonfiction book
about like consumer society and why
everyone just gets really really
stressed all the time and why there are
chances that levels of depression
anxiety disorders are just going to
skyrocket so quite intense stuff but
generally quite good also this week is
quite exciting
in because and think on wednesday i'm
going to see alice in wonderland and i
am a big Alice in Wonderland fan I just
absolutely love it I think it's a
brilliant story and I really excited the
tim burton is going to go back into the
world and continue the adventure because
i think that's really exciting it's like
fanfictions like Tim Burton's which is
bad fiction about Alice in Wonderland
and he's gonna completely played with
the whole world which i think is really
fun Urban Decay release this really
really cool alice and wonderland set
which I should've bought that did looks
like this you rip it up how cool is that
they keep opening it up and the mirror
is not great inside it but just look so
pretty they live got all their standard
urban decay gorgeous I shadows and
things so naturally I've been going a
little bit overboard with the eyeshadows
they were have really cool names like
drinking me eat to me Chesser Underland
miraculum green curiouser and my
favorite midnight tea party I also want
to see the princess and the frog which
is the new Disney 2d back to old school
Disney kind of beautiful wonderful
experience the soundtrack I've been
listening to ever since it's really
brilliant or some new orleans jazz and
everything it's a really lovely story i
may have leaked too terrible to you at
the end because i'm incredibly sloppy
but and i really think that you should
go and see it if you get the chance and
that's the end flower because i have to
get back to the portrait of the artist
as your mouth i do that in iris apfel
but i don't have a very good Irish
accent bye guys
