New Year's resolution stop buying stuff
my student loan literally came in the
beginning of this week already I've
bought this jacket this jacket these
macaroons my pre-order of Hamlet on DVD
arrived i bought these books you shall
know our velocity in your pants and dear
me a letter to your 16 year old self in
your pants and then last night I bought
a drink in this Cup it flashes it has
different settings the different kind of
atmosphere you would like to create
excessively flashy calm flashing and off
I enter a lot of competitions I would
say I enter at least 20 per month I
haven't really counted before but
anytime that there's a good competition
i think i know i might as well enter
that you don't lose a zebra entering
enter this competition to see you
legally blonde the musical and they
replied saying sorry suicidal our
tickets you know you said you can send
us your mobile number anyway just in
case we have taken some standby and
rethinking or whatever as if they're
gonna have to get some standby like you
would pass up this opportunity but
luckily and england is very snowy right
now or Britain is very snowy right now
apparently in some places in Scotland
its minus 18 degrees don't know how cold
it is in fahrenheit but let me tell you
it is freezing cold not if you're from
canada it's probably standard but any
anytime you get past like minus 1 i'm
just like what cold oh really really
cold and the thing about being British
is that every year we forget how cold it
gets and throw out will like warm
players in spring so you have to buy new
ones it's really really bad I was a
point so I get school at about
four-thirty or something yesterday from
this very lovely lady saying we've got
two tickets available from people who
didn't accept them for seeing legally
blonde the musical tonight press night
and I was like okay so I went I took one
of my friends from secondary school
Becky so hyper keep your watching this
and look at my ticket mad to get each
three stalls we had a really good few
and it's mating as a suburban book and
brynn excited just talking about it it
was at the Savoy Theatre I really can't
walk
it was at the Savoy Theatre which is a
really lovely theatre and you literally
just felt like it was just being
performed just to you and it's brilliant
musical and I've had the soundtrack for
a few years now and just loved it but
having opportunity to go and see it live
now I was really worried because the
soundtrack has laura bell bundy on it
and all these other amazing artists and
actors and just musical theatre people
and I'd seen the mtv video version that
they put online but nothing could have
prepared how good is my program right
here and then at the end we went to the
to meet or the cast and who was at the
stage door it was mere autographs
autographs Duncan from Blue was Warner
and he was surprisingly good actually
Sheridan Smith was amazing fifth doctor
played Callahan so I just freaked out
about that Jill Halfpenny who won
strictly come dancing beautifully to
such a long time ago was a brilliant
poet was absolutely brilliant the UPS
guy was really hot and Brittany a
chihuahua and played all these different
parts Carolina anniversaire Caroline
Keith but i think it is played who
played nestle roads bridges and in
wicked was lived Ian and she was just
amazing as well everyone was really good
so if you have chance go see daddy
Google a little woman don't do that go
and see legally blonde the musical in
London at the Savoy Theatre I promise on
the life of david tennant that i am not
being instructed to advertise it or talk
about it or do everything whatever in
favor of it but it was amazing and she's
really really go see and now this is my
everything see a stick bit done so I
should really cut up the coke more
videos later that's a promise because I
have a lot to do that I should be doing
and I don't want to do it so I'm going
to avoid it by making videos I'm really
stupid there was something else that I
was gonna add on to the end of that I
have a nephew I'm not going to talk much
about him or will show you any wages
because there are a lot of really scary
people on the internet but I am
absolutely thrilled to be an art dear he
had a sienna and but yeah that's
a nephew ok
