in January 2017 I clicked offline
collective work filled with so many
ingredients a celebration of the
versatility of vegetable some recipes
that feel like they belong and
banqueting and here I was feeling quite
like I ought to have been cooking for a
funeral
it was a tricky loneliness and health of
us as I spent almost all of my 31 days
in my pajamas and America a jumper took
two hours to have a baddy today I found
myself slipping between extremes in a
way I hadn't in years
something about it all felt like such an
assault and that's not only slightly I
was wrecked by the singles luridly one
day they greeted us at the Indiana State
House on January 21st a week with Emily
who came to say a lift part of the war
game and still through the fog I cooked
I learnt to make hummus in Crisco and
use herbs and sugar and the way I have
time cooking with time away from screens
and the feet that had embedded itself in
my head it was tied with audiobooks and
things I gave only half my
and podcast and reruns and planet Earth
for you the pattern continues as before
when I ate while I felt better I could
bear the day when I didn't it was a
catastrophe every time I made something
it felt like I was saying well now I'm
thought it now I've reset things now
what could possibly go wrong a good
possibly go back but this is so closely
tied to how I experience mental health
and depression and everything else
I'm always hunting for the Cure the
moment of being done was being complete
doesn't work like that for me
sometimes if I completely suggest that I
care at all about trying to curate that
things get a little bit better amazing
stuff tomorrow is intestine to dinner
with John and Sarah I'll see the process
but not the result it kind of
beautifully those tastylicious and
reminding me what to get to in have
people to share it
you
I was worried about how many onions
especial people for I've never tricked
with panko breadcrumbs which while he
was slightly ever done and one slick in
the oven but they were delicious so I
kept going with his quick wit and next
made a variation on his mixed beans with
many places and languages using the
beans I already had rather than buying
broad beans and tarragon to the luggage
you
you
the
laughing
Warlow
I ended up eating this much every single
day
LNG's recipes make a lot of food and
aren't always ideal for storing they're
delicious and flash and imitation
if you're looking for a wrestling match
can compete the clicks these rusty is
your lady and I mean I say have
you
I've become very friendly with my local
health food shop this month as I bought
lots of beans and grains and bulk and I
think I've learnt more about the
different kinds of grains and the huge
difference it makes to soak them before
making the homers I soaked formerly
dried chickpeas overnight autonomia
thermos is a little time consuming which
is why it helps to use the recipe
thoroughly before you embark upon it two
hours of simmering may be hidden in a
sentence
Oh
it is 821 on the 82 January today's
Mother's Day but I have loads to do that
I've done needs myself too much to do
after today but I wasn't really feeling
it you know it got so drained and tired
all day out of it and frustration I was
writing emails
I couldn't english-based say that they
were saying and then like some kind of
like look with the way I was
communicating I ended up doing a lot of
phone calls and says because I felt less
and get my point across and speaking
four sentences incomplete ideas and
answer questions whereas in writing I
just couldn't I wrote an email now I'm
looking at and be like I'm not entirely
sure what is insane my other clients
think about this in any strategic way
and I think honestly like it was a bad
mental health day for one I never ate
ate enough for another wasn't it is
tired and it happens and you've gotta
forgive yourself that and but I don't
really have to be satisfied this hemant
has turned out absolutely delicious and
what I like about it is that you can
flavor it with like lemon and lime lime
or lemon war live here in Africa right
now it's actually on top of some beans
on the other day and I just one of my
favorite things I don't really like this
I found in the u.s. supermarket but
there's the freshness of it the
malleability of it in fact you can
choose the favorite so fast buying it
often is really satisfying to make
something like this not only at recipe i
you to the thermos make so much cherry
now I have to make the video we're going
to make a video rather than want to miss
immigrate I look pretty but you today
the kids like tennis emotional it is the
19th of January and tomorrow they'll
jump with one in President of the United
States that is what's happening and
there is plenty of work to be done and
fortunate enough that I have many of the
tools and more I'm sure I haven't even
found out about
yet to do the work I can to have some
level of safety that many people do not
have an art feeling right now so it is
part of my job to help ensure the beauty
of other people but yeah I spent I went
to work play and it just felt like such
a strange non nay I did a lot of work
from home in the morning then went in
around 9:30 or so and after that my mind
went blank it's it's so strange to go
from this person's ears
you know again I hear sort of support
like a bomber and I'd disappear amazing
drones being each one's and his
defecation records being another one sir
but like this is just such a big sea
change in attitudes things and it's
overwhelming to think about and it's you
know it's a weak achieving speech about
bricks it just made me feel ill I think
that the moment you read that speech and
see what she's saying it's just makes it
so else so much lights do though and I'm
fortunate enough as I said to have
resources and capability of doing it
it's just it's a lot so today this
evening I use a lot of time to just not
read you much certain terra cotta reply
to comments and I've been baking me down
buttered beans after sitting away the
night and I'm still baking his baking
and boiling them before I make fried
butter beans obsession Thoreau and sumac
except I'm not even set up I'm using
cashew cheese and I'm not using sorrel
and using a rocket opening spinach but I
didn't have any spinach so amusing
rocket and extra lime juice and making
peanuts and using lemon zest so really
it's just none of these in Korea's
whatsoever what's been really fun there
and to friend about this is that this
book seems kind of intimidating at times
because it has you know far more
ingredients
a lot of the ingredients that uses a
little bit fancier dr. Landy the name
that you really recognize it and someone
whose skills are just assumed it's been
really practical cooking three honest it
and I felt very comfortable talking
things out I think it's exciting to saw
myself getting better and then also not
really minding so much if things go
wrong but so far then it's lovely to
like cook fun so and let's get back to
the fried butter bean shall we
not the way
this month I kept thinking about
examples of moments of grace the
musicians on the Titanic came to mind
doing what you can with what you have
choosing to turn outwards I didn't make
that choice much in January I'll
endeavor to make it more in February my
ship was taking on a lot of water so
with the help of others I warm up with
those worries intense and then announcer
the grams in the corridor
you
this must have been really hard and
reporting just like every time I felt
like I had a good day and I had a bad
day and so much fit like in bed not
eating well and it's not being well
ready thanks figure out a way to not let
the knees exhaust me was something is
cold and I think with that something
that a lot people trying to deal with in
and work out but at the same time I mean
like what a luxury that only just the
experience to equal to senators level
unite like this is the endings of the
first time I felt like this but this is
definitely the most excited and people
took notice and one time to play got to
get work every night
January the month when people set goals
yeah but it's also a month when people
can be very cruel to themselves and when
we see this restriction from every angle
fad diet and juice bar and beating
yourself up when you know quote surpass
the world record in general secondly if
that month
I picked a book of food fits because
you're worthy of celebrating even if it
is a feast in the dark
every room has ripped the country the
observatory beauties
