this Wilfred and perm that I'm a true it
is pretty much what I think at least his
most famous perm it's called dulcis at
decorum s estimated that he wrote it in
1916 but no one knows exactly I did
think and Bob's you there loads of
drafts of that anyway bench double like
old beggars under sacks knock-kneed
coughing like hags we cursed through
sludge to on the haunting flares we
turned our backs and awards are just
rest began to trudge men marched asleep
many had lost their boots but limped on
blood shod or went lame or blind drunk
with fatigue deaf even to the hoots of
disappointed shells that dropped behind
gasps gasps quick boys an ecstasy of
fumbling fitting the clumsy helmets just
in time but someone still was yelling
out and stumbling and floundering like a
man in fire or lime dim through the
misty panes and thick green light is
under green sea I saw him drowning in
all my dreams before my helpless sight
he plunges at me guttering choking
drowning if in some smothering dreams
you too could pace behind the wagon that
we flung him in and watched the white
eyes writhing in his face his hanging
face like a devil sick of sin if you
could hear at every jolt of the Blood
come gargling from the froth corrupted
lungs obscene as cancer victuals the cud
of vile incurable sores on innocent
tongues my friend you would not tell
with such high zest to children ardent
for some desperate glory the old life
dulce et decorum EST pro patria mori
that last bit was a Latin phrase that
was like really well known around that
time that says that it's sweet unable to
die for your country but though irony of
that is that their privates who would be
appeasing it wouldn't have studied Latin
said they wouldn't understand it it's
just you know it's something that was
passed around or wedge you can see that
this is much more graphic poetry it's um
you know guttering choking drowning
harsh words and yeah really awful images
of the gas and seeing as drowning under
green see the physical suffering of the
fighter there are loads of poems that
show you know heroism if I do take
strength from nature is empowered by
nature
could be said that will fit oh really
tells it like it is but it also could be
said that he has an overly pessimistic
view of all this one's called anthem for
doomed youth it was written in Craig at
Craig Lockhart in 1917 what passing
bells for those who dies cattle only the
monstrous anger of the guns only the
stuttering rifles rapid rattle-can
patter out the hasty orisons no mockery
is now for them no prayers no bells nor
any voice of mourning saved acquires the
shrill demented choirs of wailing shells
and bugles calling them from sad shires
what candles may be held to speed the
ball not in the hands of boys but in
their eyes shall shine the Holy glimmers
of goodbyes the power of girls brow
shall be there pal their flowers the
tenderness of patient minds and each
slow dusk at drawing down with blinds
sad these traditions the way that we
would go out in there burying the dead
is something that the producer that
wasn't really afforded to those who died
in battle because there wasn't time to
stop there was a time to mourn it was
just another day of you know
multitudinous murders which is the line
that you see in the next stone the next
moment would look about for them the
monstrous anchor of the gardens that
personal location of the guns like
having an intention to kill which really
affects the way you see the war I think
grunting guns a weapon emotion and just
the technical side of things that's in
the form of a Petrarchan sonnet with the
rhyme scheme of a Shakespearean sonnet
but like what the rhyming couplet at the
end but I can't tell you exactly what
signifies to be honest the next one
mental cases was written after nineteen
eighteen but no one knows exactly when
Owen wrote it who are these why is it
they here in Twilight well for rock they
purgatorial shadows drooping tons from
Jaws thats love their relative bearing
teeth that layer like skulls tons wicked
stroke on strength of pain but what's so
panicked got these cousins around their
printed circuits ever from their hair
and through the hands palms misery
swelters surely we have perished
sleeping and walk hell but who these
hellish these are men his mind's the
dead have ravished memory fingers in
their hair of murders multitudinous
murders they wants witness wedding
slaves have flashed his hapless wonder
treading blood from long
that had loved laughter always they must
see these things in here than Battle of
guns and shatter of flying muscles
carnage incomparable humans squandered
rakhti tip for these men's extrication
therefore stir their eyeballs freak
tormented back into their brains because
on their scent sunlight seams of blood
smear night comes blood black dawn
breaks over like a wound that leads
afresh thus their heads where this
hilarious hideous often philosophers
have set smiley corpses thus their hands
are plucking at each other picking at
the wrote an ounce of the scourging
snatching after us who smoked and
brother pouring us who dealt the war in
madness oh sure many of you have heard
of the term post-traumatic stress
disorder and that was a term actually
coined after the Falkland Islands war of
1986 I want to say previously that was
known as near as senior sometimes you
don't see that appear in people that
kind of illness until even six months
after after the traumatic event while
I'm editing this I feel the need to
interject this is like what happened to
Josh on West Wing there was quite a big
gap between the traumatic event and the
post-traumatic stress disorder or near
senior as they would have called it
during World would one in effect sleep
it causes flashbacks memories are
repressed it also brings on nervous
breakdowns because then the nervous
systems disturbed or something the
beginning there who are these by sit
they here in Twilight sounds like a
romanticized idea before it sounds like
you know the war of my room and then you
slowly get an idea really how horrific
the state of this of these men's health
is originally urban called this poem
that deranged but they were known as
mental cases there is assassin sets of
himself the way he feels the way he
feels that it's all-encompassing or you
know it takes it every part of you well
that's what we see with other poets as
well and you can't escape it I mean
every part the day signifies for them an
aspect of all they visualize it for
example the door breaks open like a
wound that bleeds afresh you can't even
enjoy the sunrise every pleasure every
natural pleasure have been taken away by
this man-made clash in society almost
drooping tongues from Jaws thats love
their relish it's animalistic and in
that sense it's kind of like a
devolution a regression to the times of
the past where you didn't have that dig
and death didn't have that dignity and
suffering doesn't have the dignity that
we pride ourselves sometimes on them on
affording it ready and then he gets
actually slowly political this is one of
his more political poems but they're
lyin carnage incomparable and humans
cuando rock too thick for these men's
extrication it's partly an emotional
common as and they can't get away from
the war they can't escape it but it's
also a political criticism and a typical
feature of our jury is that it's non
divisive and snatching after us who
smoke their brother prong us who dealt
them Warren madness and everyone's
equally at fault it's not a certain
class and it's not a certain type of
person and with a certain role it's
everyone were all responsible for it but
he's very direct in the same way that a
soon as and Gloria of women is talking
directly to the audience to the reader
