so in a levels the exams that I'm
currently doing most subjects have a
synoptic unit which basically just puts
together all the skills that you're
supposed to have learned over the past
two years or in some cases over the past
seven years of secondary schooling and
just hats you want them you're busy to
do them it's usually worth quite a few
marks for example English literature the
synoptic one that I have on Monday is
worth 30% of my grade so it's it's a
pretty significant exam you have to know
it quite well the one that my department
picked was World War one literature
we're given a bunch of extracts and you
have to bring him your wider reading you
have to read a lot and I've got a lot of
notes in it and I just want to go
through some of the poets and poems and
writers and autobiographical works and
letters and everything just to show some
different perspectives as well because I
think it's quite interesting and I wanna
start off with two the two probably
best-known
war poets through first world war and
that secret Sassoon and Wilfred Owen the
personal background oh Sassoon and of
Owen is quite different Sassoon was born
into it like a relatively wealthy family
leisurely upbringing he loved fox
hunting he was one of the people who
volunteered for the war and it was the
case with most public school boys I know
if it doesn't have the same meaning in
other countries it's like private school
you you anywhere you pay for your
education the school was organized and
run almost as an army every pupil had a
rank they had like left tenants officers
and captains and even privates for the
poor sods here like right at the bottom
of the pile but when they finished
school and if they went into the army
they automatically got Officer titles
just because they were members of the
aristocracy and thus considered of kind
of greater importance I guess than the
poor pregnant so soon actually joined
the war effort for World War which
started in 1914 on a horse as a trooper
it's called but he had an accident and
had to join the Royal Welsh Fusiliers
and then he was commissioned and he
became second
leftenant and to see no big deal however
something that's been thought to affect
a lot the poetry that he writes as the
fact that in 1915 his brother was
mortally wounded in Gallipoli
and the next year he lost a very good
friend as well and and he's
both his death this is kind of Germany's
fall and Germany was to blame and that
he was just in that kind of mindset as
these people were in part kind of pushed
on by the propaganda at the time so soon
as a nickname was actually mad Jack
because he would take huge risks Sassoon
would go out and bring back the soldiers
and in 1917 Sassoon actually wrote
something called a soldier's declaration
which I'll talk about a bit more later
but also in 1913 he had to go before a
military board because in 1960 and he
had been given the highest military
honor which is called a Military Cross
because he brought back all his troops
from their trenches intact he was like
very impressive like very good
leadership and he'd taken that medal and
thrown it into the River Thames the
military board basically expressed
concern for his mental health and mental
health of the officer is considered more
value than that the private let the
ordinary soldier partly because they
have more insert influence on more
people because they were of a higher
class that's just the way it was and
everyone knew that the private would
necessarily be brave and there was an
idea that they had to be controlled and
that the officers were the people who
had the skills to do that there was a
period of time when he caught German
measles and then was sent back after the
Battle of the Somme he kind of moved
between the countries quite a lot in
1917 so he wrote this letter to the
times in which he said that he believed
the conduct of the war was actually
unacceptable and he didn't disagree with
the war but he disagreed with the way it
was being run the men she would actually
sent him to a mental asylum called Craig
Lockhart where lots of victims of shell
shock went and one of those victims was
Wilfred Owen incidentally to take away
his credibility because they didn't want
people to listen to his complaints
because it it would ruin the wolf spirit
it would ruin the support the war you
kind of see it with them the lack of
support there's been at least in the UK
the Iraq war because a lot of people
didn't agree with it and it has a very
negative effect I think on a morale of
the country and Britain was really the
government were very aware of that and
wanted to hushed him up I knew that the
best way to do that was to take away his
credibility by kind of pronouncing him
insane de Beauford and in turn came from
a significantly more humble background
he didn't have the Nathalie upbringing
that's
and he actually admitted himself to the
psychiatric hospital a block party
because he was shell-shocked a lot of
which is really really strongly evident
in his poetry and there are number of
stylistic differences between their two
I mean to go through them at their most
basic Wolf Den is arguably use more
graphic imagery predixion
don't yet decorum asked which many of
you may have read but I'll recap that in
a second and Sassoon on the other hand
in placebo satire and he is very
critical of the war horford own perhaps
is more descriptive you can't really
question how sincere Wilfred Owen is
because he doesn't use that I wear a lot
critics love Sassoon say well you know
is he being since they were otherwise
you never know because you know that he
is around for his satirical tone he
tries to affect the reader on an
emotional level more than anything the
effect of the graphic imagery and asks
probing questions of the reader and uses
very detailed language which could
separate you from the immediacy of the
event and it could be argued but it also
could add to it and create a more vivid
image of it
she basically doesn't trivialize he
tells his contemporaries who aren't
fighting the war effort and he tells
people from you know the years to come
that if you if you weren't possible then
you wouldn't understand it that's not
what he's trying to achieve war is too
shocking and great and immense and
terrible not great in a in a good way
but the kind of great and scale that you
could you can't understand it through
mere words how powerful you could look
believes that they are so soon is more
political definitely than Owen is
sometimes uses simple of rhymes in he
just needs one line one catchy phrase at
home and Sassoon is also really good at
employee and the kind of the colloquial
side of the language while Owen uses
kind of a slow and measured tone and
it's all quite lyrical
