classy do something the best days in the
world I've got rejected from Harvard
Yale Princeton Stanford but whatever
fatalism eres bella vastra gear sera
sera I've been enjoying the Sun they
push your summertime and it's been great
to some other good things have been
happening I'm doing bida not reader blog
every day April as instigated by the
lovely Lori Johnson whose books you
should buy I've got a knee and anything
there's a a new video that's been put
out by the charity Women's Aid and I
think you should all watch it I hope
that it's not one of those things that
you can't view outside the UK Keira
Knightley's in it regardless of whether
or not you like her I was really taken
aback by how good the advert was so I
shall believe that I want to keep them
bent and we were ambiguous I made a
video patatas tacular also i'm going to
hard rock calling thanks to my wonderful
friend Tom who if you remember correctly
got me tickets to the Brits and that's
how I went to the pits the pits of the
Brits may picked of the Brits and I'm
really excited because the killers are
headlining and God knows I love the
killers and the cooks also playing as
long as unannounced other people and I'm
hopefully going to reading things cost
everything else is falling to place
which is nice I kind of knew that to
happen right now got home today and
there was a package and has like an
Amazon wrapped package things I was like
oh what could it be it turns out that it
was packaged from this dark wood Lucy
who I went to school with for seven
years and I don't know if you're
watching this leaves you put and inside
it was this book called backwards in
high heels the impossible art of being
female in your pants not stuff how it
sort of descriptive but not I can't
explain it I think you should read it if
you're female or if you're Alex day who
i think i would love this book so far
i'm only nine pages in and i'm into the
love section and i'm learning already
and it's got thousands of literary
literary allusions and it's making me
happy so that's good i was going to make
a favorite things video like how to
inject because i really enjoyed his but
then I realized that really boring
person for favorite kind of things
things that sad I would sing to you but
I can't saying I promised myself I
wouldn't do that anymore Anton I just
watched sound of music that's one of my
favorite thing
easels and Princess Diaries and I need
ice creams or I have homework life take
it as my posters I'm repainting my room
in gusta I think it's going to be like
white ish I'm not sure yet strangely a
couple of my doctor key ones have stayed
up and I've only got three harry.potter
places up which is weird for me when we
have that six another story that I found
very funny on the news was that oh my
gosh Michelle Obama the first day of the
United States of America touched the
Queen I don't know how many of you know
this but touching the queen is a big
deal last person to do this was a
comment it was when it was someone in
1991 the year i was born and so I was
born with the shock of this event in my
mind and also has 92 92 the guy who did
it was I think the Australian Prime
Minister and we give him the nickname
the lizard of oz no one touches the
Queen the Queen put her hand on rich
Obama's back and show bong put hand
McQueen's back and it was so funny
because it's all this kind of royal pomp
and circumstance that's just going down
the drain it's great and then Gordon
Brown our prime minister and the Queen
have been in talks about changing the
succession which is horribly anti-woman
it basically is primogeniture in favor
of anyone being royal apart from a woman
and a woman as a last resort I mean it's
amazing that there have been women on
the throne and if it's of the best
rulers Elizabeth's pretty cool the first
one was amazing I mean I was in there
Victoria a lot better than the Georgia
it's not gonna lie and okay let's just
let's just stay over America Scott's
tribute it's just just go get past that
phase in history
