I
naw was all just clips that i didn't use
for my candles for a wander video that i
sent off to the harry potter alliance
yesterday I just a completely great idea
the idea is that you make a video you
say your name your age where you're from
take a candle you take some sweet of
lighting device you know matches doesn't
like you say I like to kind of hope for
a wonder and then you stay silent your
candle lit for like 10 seconds of 15
seconds or something and how video is
under 30 seconds long for one the HP
Alliance just gone from strength to
strength they are brilliant organization
with fabulous people behind them you
have the starting off point I was like
the hair portal world and give me the
things that we've learned things that
we've been inspired to do it's a really
proactive community howick wizard rock
and fan fiction as so many fandoms are
everyone willing to chip in and lend a
hand and it's great and I love being
part of a angled random digit amazing
things and they've raised awareness
about issues that a lot of people didn't
really know that much about before and
they make you feel like you can you can
really decently because you can it
always makes me Faust when people say
what do you you just 16.4 billionth of a
person out of a world and you can't
really make a difference that's crap we
can the post again John Green and the
rug brothers made a video about the
project and someone commented sorry no
offense but lighting panel what I was
likely do but I think it's really
important that you make people feel like
this catastrophic event I mean that
genocide killed the run to genocide
killed in nearly a million and they were
genocides with the other related
conflicts that killed hundreds of
thousands we're all human for God's sake
it's important that people whose wealth
and his country had been turned upside
down turned upside down every day just
think of the Sudan to bet myanmar Iraq
Afghanistan Palestine Israel Gaza and
general Lebanon so many places these are
countries that I think do you need to
know that we care that's what Amnesty
International another fabulous charity
another and
about the great one muscle another one
in the paper the other week about people
and a throw in there in the states and
people who write to them I mean what is
it 60 people already this year have been
executed prior to the States no comment
that's just one thing that I wanted to
talk about if you want to take part of
but all the details over here I don't
know I've kind of just been thinking a
lot about our place in the world it's
dramatic and tragic it will stems I
guess from my am English literature
exams that are coming up and I've got to
do this big paper on the First World War
and other literature from that and I've
been kind of building up like a a big
document of it all and there's just
these things that just make you make you
think I'm not a huge fan of all poetry
it all gets thrown at you so much when
you're in primary school at least here
because it's you know the great board
World War two you you feel overwhelmed
you get tired of it you get bored of it
you know it sounds awful but you do with
then I read a poem Sassoon's aftermath
and it just it jacked me and I'm reading
letters that people wrote to their sons
or their fiance's they were Britain
who's kind of tone of superiority I find
really tiring when I read her literature
you just have to read one letter from
letters from a jet lost generation that
she writes to a fiance who dies it's
just like it's overwhelming and it's why
I love literature speaking of which only
completely different drummer indeed I
recently finished and unwind by Neal
Shusterman which I thought was brilliant
if you enjoy the Hunger Games which has
been a recent favor of most of our most
of ours or if you enjoyed the Scott
westfeld ugly saga or the declaration by
General General Molly to knotts fearless
anyone else if you like dystopian future
kind of things it's really intelligent
but and if you're just looking for
something to read I loved his writing
style it's multiple narratives lots of
rising action for those of you who are
fans of their literary techniques and
some very interesting issues explored
basically it's a world where the there's
been a war between the pro-life and
pro-choice and they've come up with this
this bill of life that says that you
live noble should happen and then when
you're 13 in the ages of 30 between the
ages of 30 and 18 the parents can choose
to unwind you what that entails is kind
of you know the whole premise and three
kids escape from this and it's just
amazing even I got to the end and I was
just like wow I'm look for his other
books clay know that he has written some
other things as well all this I'm not
studying that i've also been doing led
me to think you know about you know
these walls and horrible things that
happen in our country in every country
i'm sure so we've heard of the attacks
in northern ireland question agira
whatever it's sad and worrying and sort
of impossible to comprehend from someone
who didn't really grow up in the age of
the IRA I mean I kind of go up to the
remnants of it I just hope that it stops
there but perhaps that's under the naive
so there was something else I want to
talk about which was the raising of
tuition fees and that has been suggested
but I think I might leave that for
another video so this is it I shall be
productive now maybe my guys don't get
with candles for a wander video you know
you want to
