guess what I have slightly squirrelly
hair but that's not that's not the main
thing let's let's concentrate away from
that I have package good thinking it's
from I love this a little patriotic
stamp that's going on here which thought
I'd open it in front of camera hey hey
oh it's all signed and everything that
makes me so happy this cover is so cool
it's shiny I love helping the
environment but i also love having
things that i can if you feel I can't
feel you can feel this Oh dftba records
Hank green that's kind of my glasses
communion circuit way-hey way-hey I'm
even bigger Doctor Who nerd now july two
thousand seven and knocking at old
school and has flyers I think you should
buy his book that aside nothing much is
going on apart from the fact that I was
gonna make him in the movement booboo
that I was going to make a video
immediately after I found out that they
are making a DVD of David Tennant's
version of hamlet in June the date of
the RSC production directed by a Gregory
Doran or Gregory Duran it's not going to
be a feature phone but it's going to be
close to what they can afford and I've
listen it'll be out fairly soon
hopefully by the end of the year maybe
in time for Christmas they like doing
that lack of Facebook more productive
however spending more time on myspace
and also f my life took on very good
site very good site yeah I want to show
you something really exciting like can't
i'm good i bought need rest today kind
of Blair Waldorf II not online is gray
and lacy and it's from Topshop and I
bought new shoes yesterday from Topshop
which are green and plimsolls and my
voice is going off at the end of every
sentence and I what loads books today
there's this there's this chambers have
this thing called foils for Lavery which
are all these very weird words and their
weird origins and you get both of them
in a box 2 pounds 40 guy
do you to sleep oh and did the common be
the common who is right now because my
brain is not memory things but to the
person who's always been getting me to
try and read in cold blood I bought that
today so i will read it in the next two
months let you know it's friday night
anyone up for party no not for read
going out getting lashed yeah i'm
spending my evening with West Wing I'm
the worst Harry Potter fan in the world
I didn't even mention the harry potter
trailer which just came out and is
beautiful I mean I know whenever I say
stuff like that it doesn't hold a lot of
weight cuz i freak out about everything
but it is really lovely and exciting and
I got the download of the huge HQ
quicktime whatever widescreen version
I've been just watching again the music
sounds amazing and it's really dark and
we see that in months and if we see that
in months that means that in months I
will be I will be in the land Oh Barbra
for Nia here we go oh don't you wish I
didn't do that v festival tickets went
on sale today and I for went getting
them in favor of buying a dress an awful
killers fan I'm a horrible person the
dress
