these two other two of my life books
that I've finished reading girls and men
married bliss was kind of this really
gritty story about Irish women who come
to live and get married and so on in
London and they're unhappy married lives
and how everyone is horribly selfish
it's fantastically written but it was
quite disheartening if you want to lose
faith in the idea of perfect marriage
and perfect future and everything like
that and kind of get annoyed at women a
lot as well as men of course and that's
a good book free but it is very well
written I can understand what Philip
Roth says but i would say she's the most
gifted it was good for you this and the
other hand love star girl which I just
showed to you backwards I think the
first time I read through quarters of it
the reason I had a problem with it was
because you're seeing it through star
girl's eyes and star go in the first
book could you see her through Leo's
eyes and she's this magical wonderful
person that you don't you didn't want to
get inside her head pot the magic is
that she's unpredictable and you cannot
think of her thought process and you
have no idea what's going to happen next
and so on whereas in the second book she
is in a new town and you just have to
learn to see that magic in a different
way kind of seeing the way she doesn't
really set out to make a huge difference
and yet she changes everyone's life
isn't 100-percent happy but it's not
depressing it just kind of gets to a
deeper place than that book that a
younger person could read a quite young
person and still enjoy a lot of people
don't appreciate how much good junior
fiction there is not even young adult
junior fiction kind of eight to twelve
but no it did love it and there are
these wonderful things throughout were
because she's been at home school again
her mother is sending her on assignments
she writes his poetry and there's this
beautiful poem if you have this edition
at least page 176 and it's a poem called
the clock on the morning lean RP
building but the way that we think about
time and I just I loved it in other news
Harry Potter which I haven't talked
about properly intensely in ages Jess
Lestrange licked me to build the new
clips from half-blood prince and I
cannot possibly be more excited about
the next film I think just going to
think of a better a lot of people i know
are kind of peeved by the fact that it's
got i think it
PG rating oh it can't be good unless its
high rating I don't think that's
necessarily true and they do pick the
clips very well but from what I've seen
it's going to be quite good film and
it's really actually and really fast and
what was nice is that being dispersed
these clips kind of with the special
features sorts of things that you get on
the dvds that the interviews with the
cast I'm very impressed with what I've
seen so far and I have to admit I really
am happy that they postponed it no
because it means i get to certain
someone with my friends or my friends in
the fandom think it's gonna be worth the
wait I genuinely believe that and we
have date for the very final heibel to
film ever and white nip spin-off some
remakes was I think some way the future
but July fifteenth 2011 and I am
thrilled and so happy and also not
simply that I went on leaky just when I
got home and I'm leaky they have now ed
con tu in orlando florida I'm very with
the gestures today I am excited as
anything because I don't know if I'd be
able to afford Infinitus in 2010 which
is in orlando but i'm definitely going
to leap onto you have no idea how peeved
i am but I'm saying p plus what what's
wrong and how annoyed I am that I can't
make link on this year not only just
like I wished something else it's lent
as of today I can't believe it as of
today because I feel like I haven't
gotten facebook in years that's right I
gave up facebook and I don't know about
you but I love facebook I'm a stalker at
heart i love reading everyone's
information it's fun I like seen the way
people present themselves the way they
want to show themselves the kind of
photos they remove tags from and it's
also Regan way for me to keep keep in
touch with people of all around the
world who I don't get to see that often
I need to stop using Facebook as a
procrastination vehicle that stops me
from doing all this other course if I
could be doing a lot of it creative
things that I just I finished Nina like
oh I did two essays and then run a
facebook i could have written a chapter
well now converging chapter i could have
you know my d scrapbook in order to kind
of really make myself look on face
look I have written down a scrambled up
random collection of punctuation letters
and numbers and put it in this envelope
sealed and I don't have facebook space
but didn't exist a couple of years ago
and I was fine by suppose that it was
live general what are you guys doing up
for Lent if you give me up anything and
what is the hardest thing you have ever
given up yes guys questions oh I'm sorry
that my channel page is like really
really blue right now it's got like all
those blue intense lightning bolts which
I like the lightning bolts but I think
we need to do something that kind of
calms the eye of it what am
experimenting so I'm enjoying these
little do you like aha thingy not that
that's the wrong side I'm so to New damn
go and just like all the other things
I'm enjoying the things have an essay
about John Clare that I need to write
that poet he liked too many nests you
need to get himself somewhere that has
known as yes junk are actually fun fact
was in a mental hospital for 25 years in
a whole 25 years no one came to visit
him I'm feel more sympathy if I liked
his poetry not my favorite romantic
