hi internet so i just made this really
depressing horrible video that i just
deleted because it was basically me just
being windy constantly about how grumpy
I am to be stuck at home today and I've
been ill quite badly ill I kind of
exhausted myself and I think I gotta
chill and I just basically uh which
sucks me because I don't like skipping
school and I don't like being stuck at
home and the problem was that because I
will say the source it my eyes can't
focus i can't read something and I
really wanted to read a lot of stuff
worried a lot of stuff that I was really
inspired by various things that happened
today and I thought about writing lots
of random essays about books I enjoy not
for school or anything but just cuz the
come thing that I do for weird it was a
shame but instead I just I ended up
listening to podcast and and watching
that first episode of the documentary
about Terry Pratchett that was on BBC on
Wednesday yesterday evening and that i
missed and is actually credibly sad but
it's very good he's very honest and
Terry fetch it was diagnosed with
outsiders last year and it's not so much
that he forgets things but that he finds
it hard to visualize things and his
typing for one it's just so slow now he
used to be such a fast typist and he's
to you you really get a sense of his
frustration as anger and it's just
fascinating program but it's really it's
really harrowing as well then watching
random things in YouTube and listening
to 90's music and just trying to
distract myself from how crappy I felt
basically and order lots things from the
library as well but I was most dad that
i miss my hand at lesson because i am a
huge nique and I love my hammock
blessings they are really in every way
and I really enjoy them so I thought I
talk about happen to you right now
instead of doing it randomly or brought
to me but I also will probably do that
sometime as well properly drug valid and
I want to talk a bit about the great so
Luke Reid to be or not to be that is the
question whether it is nobler in the
mind to suffer the slings and arrows of
outrageous fortune which take arms
against a sea of troubles and by
opposing end them etc cetera it's become
a cliche it's become the cliché of
Shakespeare cliche of Hamlet the cliché
of drama the cliché of solar degrees and
the one of the apps you in the dream
role and everything
in a way it's a shame because it is just
brilliant I think people have stopped
thinking so critically about it is
because we know that it's about suicide
and depression and in many ways it's
kind of hard to get another level from
it because it's so obvious that he is
depressed and he's not kind of not in
the same way that oh that this too too
solid flesh would map a kind of way but
Justin just completely suicidal to be
honest i love the line in conscience
makes cowards of us all that even in our
moments of complete suffering we are too
scared of life after death most of us to
actually go through with things it's
such a beautiful piece of writing and it
is a shame that it's been so highly
scrutinized or west because now people
don't do that as much anymore the
explanation in the side of whatever the
side of their books explains it it says
here haven't debates with himself by the
patient endurance or wrong with more
honorable and courageous opposition to
the description of life is like a mortal
coil you know like to be alive is a
business and it sir it's a system and
it's an industry and it's something that
we want to get free from under something
that we're kind of fighting against it's
powerful stuff man it's central to his
personal conflict and everything he's so
uncomfortable with the idea of death
even though he believes that he's seen
his father and he uses the mousetrap to
prove to himself even though he's seen
someone come back from the dead he's
still not comfortable with that idea of
dying and he's still full of that fear
of the arts life and it kind of it
brings up the question how much does it
take for us to have faith that there's
life after death and should we have that
faith and is it better for us to kind of
remain trapped to feel like we're
trapped to life and tied to it in a way
that we weren't necessarily enjoy and to
kind of go on with that suffering or
should we be braver and
end it it's as I said it's a shame that
I think it's become a cliche that's part
one of me and my random Hamlet analysis
give me any ideas what you think about
the great cynically because I think it
is it is wonderful just the phrasing it
it's the best it's the best race for in
that sleep of death what dreams may come
when we have shuffled off this mortal
coil must give us pause there's a
respect that makes calamity of so long
life my favorite line is and by a sleep
to say we end the heartache and the
thousand natural shocks that flesh is
heir to the thousand natural shocks it's
just it's amazing but they were day now
I'm going to eat properly I ate a whole
box of oreos which is pretty pretty
gross but oh so much sugar in it oh my
god let's not think about that I really
want to read though I I have a
particular craving recently actually to
really be the boyfriend list by E
Lockhart because it is so funny and so
brilliant and so touching at the same
time my eyes just might focus and the
library just got in Russell T Davies the
writers tale for me my top is quite
fitting today it's called tummy ache by
goodie two sleeves okay now i'm just
gonna get oh I recorded a TARDIS tacular
video but I haven't actually got around
to editing it yet it's all about the
doctor your soundtrack so keep an eye
out for that it should be up there next
day or so hopefully hopefully tonight
but I doubt it first you record this
really weird video the other day that I
have an edge ative to this channel which
again you might see but who knows
