everyone a lot of things have happened
smiles video for example the USA has a
new president president obama who has
already done amazing things with
particular connection to one ton of ebay
or issued orders with particular
connection to Antonio Bay and climate
and so on so that's good stuff so far
but don't expect miracles because he is
in the humid as shopping has amazing
other things are that the UK has finally
admitted that it's in recession which is
just weird because we've all known that
for absolutely ages and now something
like our recession is like well we
already know that it's kind of hard to
avoid the fact that all these who shops
are closing down and everyone is like oh
wait I have less money than I used to
crap and everything is costing more you
know wow I just I didn't notice that
before today a woman gave birth to
octuplets 88 and apparently I don't know
haven't read enough into the story I
haven't even had a chance but the
doctors didn't expect to see the eighth
baby how does that work she was the
mother aware that you were gonna have
hot chocolates do the theme was going to
die do they have like designing this
amazing seven baby stroller and then
they're like oh crap dozen of them in
there it's hard enough to have seven
kids as it is without an eighth one
another amazing thing is that I know
it's a piece of news that would terrify
Maureen Johnson but there are immortal
jellyfish jellyfish that are immortal
jellyfish there's like a species and
they have two parts the name when I
believe one pot the name begins with t
and one part of the name goes within and
they're born they let their normal
jellyfish eyes when they have jellyfish
babies and then they go back to being
bait it sounds like elsewhere it's also
really weird because obviously if these
types of jellyfish are immortal as it
were then then they keep you know
reproducing they're going to take over
the oceans and then they're going to
evolve and now how to walk on land and
then they're going to grow really big
because they have more space when they
will command and then they are going to
kill all of us with editor electric
shocks
and we are going to die painful deaths
all become slaves to the jellyfish is my
personal theory and I didn't make this
video to talk about jellyfish or
recessions or Obama's or whatever i made
this video to talk about a book that i
read one of the first books i've read it
while just because I've not been able to
read which is really weird for me
because I've had a substitute that is
literally taking up every ounce more
time that I'm not furiously trying to
find gossip well and then realizing that
it wasn't actually shown in the US last
night what the hell the book is called
go ask alice a lot of you and me or said
probably heard of it but it's one that
it's not known usually in the UK I
didn't know if it's even in printing UK
cuz I brought in Chicago but I lost have
down the back of my bookshelf and then
found it and then was like wow this is
cool I can't really concentrate right
now but this book has about 200 pages
quite big checks and set out in a diary
formats even if it's based on the diary
of a 15 year old rugged drug addict and
kind of following her spiral into drug
addiction that i read it today and also
a bit like must read a depressing book
today so i did everyone to talk about it
because it kind of just offset a lot
Billy a lot of things in me in some ways
it kind of reminds me of books that have
similar themes of general
self-destructiveness and depression so
on and the person that comes to mind is
a note of madness by Tabitha suzama fuel
which I don't know if you remember
hugely but I wasn't the biggest fan and
this was way with like a year ago
something that I read it um and to me go
ask alice just everything that that big
doesn't make it has that sense of
realistic pneus reality father that a
net of madness also almost lacks in
favor of just depressing the crap out of
me and while girls gasp is an uplifting
entirely is I just I really liked it I
mean I think a part of that is tied to
the fact that you are told at the
beginning that it's based on a real
diary and that every time something
shocking happens as it frequently does
throughout the book you just think oh
yeah and this really happened the
balance of ups and downs just was
incredible and it was really intense and
I read this book in about an hour and a
half or something like that with my
highlighter because they're quite a few
bits that i liked that i highlighted but
i've actually read a book too
right now so I can't quite them for you
but yes so I really enjoyed it and if
you like books about slightly depressing
the intellect drug addiction i would
recommend it each range wise you know
I'm like huge person to age band things
but definitely routine through to young
adults whatever and then i would say
that there would be some adults who
would enjoy it as well I don't see why
not as long as they're not usually picky
about really much teenagers but it's but
it's all very it's a very honest account
I think it's worth reading and I think
to some degree it's some parts of it
really reminded me of the voice of the
parts of Being a Wallflower by Stephen
to rock to the Boogaloo by Steven Chu
box click on say like Stephen Chbosky
which if you haven't read you ought to
because amazing I'd you yeah that was
just my kind of reading of the day I'm
not sure that I would give it five stars
on Goodreads but it I do not really feel
like I could start in general I probably
have about three because it wasn't so
much that I liked it but I just I
appreciated it but it was more than
appreciation I can't really explain it
but I appreciate anyone giving any views
or opinions whatever in video responses
or comments read them all I can't
promise that I will reply to them
tonight because I have a lot of work
that should done but I hunt cuz I've
been filling in for listen trying to get
forms and post-ups not having forms and
we getting very angry about the lack of
forms me spending our money that I don't
have but it's okay cuz I'm gathering
it's still here Oh revolution where it
is outrageous well I'm going crazy I've
had so much gum today and very gone mood
right now one last point is that
probably on Friday but maybe in some
point in the next week depending on my
schedule and also depending on you I
didn't know what time even we go on blog
TV yes that's right I'm going to be on
blog to you I might be at my normal user
name address I've never been on blog to
be done a blocked with you before I went
to to watch Shakespeare because i kept
falling down to talk about Shakespeare
and then John was like actually when you
talk about Shakespeare and I was like
well actually there's quite an exciting
point so basically
rosanna I'm give you a real TV at some
point I will put any details as they
come out in the sidebar and we'll let
you know what's going on with that but I
want to push Shakespeare me blow its
approach cuz I like poachers I read I
with some British poets for you and I
might just talk about books in general
because it's it's how I roll and I'm and
I might talk about television and I
might talk about Oh John mentioned
speaking of mr. green he mentioned an
article in The New York Times about
sexuality and female sexuality as well
but how the different way the two sexes
are aroused and a really interesting
article that I will also meet two over
there because I'm currently very favor
of linking inside bar um and yeah it was
just literally had me thinking all night
and I wrote a blog post about it and it
just like I couldn't stop thinking about
why we wanted certain things and I just
could probably make another video about
it right now because I have so much
watchin we just put it off so I be
irresponsible this video is in a
responsible video which shouldn't exist
I really
