okay so i keep trying to make this video
in which i make fun of you know
stereotypically excited fan girls the
thing is the more i make it the more I
realize how genuine my excitement was
like that and how I was and how
generally just like OMG i was at that
moment in time because yesterday just
the most incredible exciting hysterical
lee kind of rabid wahoo amazing thing
happened and although basically need to
do right now is gather i was on my way
back from Harvard interview oh exciting
and there was the Northern Line there
was the northern I there is always more
than I I had to jump on the northern
mine which is a tube line underground by
metro line train service that goes
underground and another mine has changed
to get somewhere else the Northern Line
goes to Leicester Square and I knew the
revolutionary road premiere was on
that's the film that they've made of the
book by richard yates that i really
enjoyed with leonardo dicaprio and kate
winslet in it and Sony was there and I
was kind of expecting to get there
because I was could have arrived I
arrived about five or something a
quarter to five and B sucker back but it
would fun to see usually the big screens
up and project everyone's faces on it
it's all very exciting and very London
premiere it's one of the reasons why I
love being in London because you get to
see what everyone being excited
constantly for film premieres and it's
good it's good fun as Harry pointed out
to me yesterday I don't have to you know
fly halfway across the country to the LA
or New York to go to the major premieres
and I'm really lucky that way and I yeah
I love London anyway so I went yes I was
I expected to be signing her back but
somehow I ended up in this area which
was right by the door and I was like wow
my luck is incredible i was near gate
and everything like that i was standing
over 25 minutes add twenty five whole
minutes not one police officer bother to
tell me that I was in the press area and
then they told me eventually they'll do
it through what like 20 of us and they
didn't bother to tell any of us in there
was very obvious that we weren't breasts
that we were in the press area I was
like cheese thanks that's really nice
for you mm-hmm but you know I need a
busy and it's dress but they were
standing right there doing nothing of
watching us and kind of swine to each
other I was wondering where this money
to another when I was going to actually
ask is there carefully standard but um I
did
and by that time everywhere else all the
best posted who all filled up so I was
like slightly grumpy when they told me
to go somewhere so I ended up standing
if you know Lester's got in front of the
cattle radio area but I wasn't in front
at that point I was about four rows if
you back behind this huge group
professional autograph hunters who are
perhaps most vicious creatures on the
planet yeah and I was stuck behind a
huge bunch of excess oh god this is
awful it's really the worst thing ever
but ever it's kind of an experience I
was tempted to go home at some point but
I didn't I talked to everyone around me
that's because that's what I do somehow
with all like everyone will be rounded
up and I'm like the third row of people
to the front but they're still you know
autograph hunters and crazy fan people
and me kind of yeah surrounded but it
helped us to keep people warm I guess we
immediately saw when Leonardo DiCaprio
was going to ride because it's very car
arrived first of like of bodyguards and
security people PR people and then a
second car turned up and he was in it
and of course everyone surged forward
which is always painful if you put to a
premiere and we've been stuck behind a
gate in the back is like it's extreme
pain and somehow like one the as the
auto garage is like pushed his job to
get to the front one of them like
elbowed 500 people are the way just that
n kind was making such a big deal about
pushing everyone other way that he
created this lemon huge gap in the front
which like person's eyes which none of
the professional autograph hunters nor
the crazy fan girls seem to notice so I
was just like and I ended up pretty much
at the front by the gate about two
minutes before Leonardo DiCaprio came
and side round thus and I was like oh my
God he's there and I was really excited
because I've loved pretty much every
single film he's in especially romeo
giulia and titanic is underrated and
it's not the best film in the world but
it's bloody clothes and what do you
think you look great when catch me
and he's just he I I think he's an
incredible actor and I really love how
much smoking is about the environment
and I really loved his you know he's not
afraid to be politically out there and I
thought impressive n I'm not gonna lie
he's gorgeous so to be completely tired
he's actually good juice and he's lovely
and he's one of the road I feel like
he's one of the most genuine celebrities
you can read about or see I don't know
it was doing us any way he signed the
agent Simon a huge number photographs in
kind of my section but he was signing
loads of autographs in general outcome
mystery autographs that he signed in my
bunch of about 20 people long I was one
and i'm going to show you because it's
in a valuable face he wasn't expecting
to get in or 12 so i didn't bring any
you'll have like glossy photos and shiny
sharpies and things like that but I had
my diary on me it's very valuable thing
this diary most people can't see it
brother I'm gonna let you in on
something just cuz you're my YouTube
subscribers or just random people this
is his autograph I mean it may not look
like much it may just appear to be a
scribble on page but might I just inform
you that this autograph did not come
from my pen it came from Leonardo
DiCaprio span and I would've been happy
if he just breathed in my vicinity
because he's Leonardo DiCaprio and if
that wasn't enough if that wasn't enough
Kate Winslet then when I was definitely
at the front k quizlet came round and
signs not mine but she signed everyone
around me's autograph and autograph
books and everything like that because
she's being rushed mobile by an by a by
PR people and and she smiled at me and
that made me really happy as she was
like I should away and she's gorgeous
like dressers the photographs just don't
do justice in all the newspapers and she
she is my favorite actress and it was
just really cool seeing her oh it was
just so cool to seeing that I mean I
know that there just to other humans in
6.4 billion whatever people enjoy the
entire world and what I shouldn't care
so much about them but I do and it was
amazing and what's more I hope very cool
souvenir
I totally ripped it from ma'am you need
to have to have the rails and they had
these posters the little holes and I
don't know what to put it because I have
no space and I've been taking down stuff
and changing my room around really
slowly so I'm really sad I had to take
that make to harry potter posters
because they're kind of getting ranging
around the edges but sad times oh yeah
what else I don't know what else to say
I have lots to say I've looked to tell
you guys about a bomber tomorrow ah the
thing is i went really i'm going to be
nervous for a lot the day and not really
thinking about a ball and because I've
got Yale and to be at half three but
yeah wow wow moment in history i've been
collecting other or various newspapers
and things like that with his face on it
exciting exciting stuff anyway I'm gonna
leave you guys with that crazy bang
garnish thing and finish your cake of
 we kick spin in the oven for ages
oh crap I'm going to go do that and all
should reply to text more of an a I'm
not creepy
