so this color is called 99p washing wash
out chocolate brown also known as
squirrel hair from stupid Ron this is so
funny this is hilarious I catch my
reflection of room now then I'm just
like I look like a squirrel that is all
I look like someone selling electric
policy I was like wow that's quite sweet
but it's a lie because I look like a
squirrel a squirrel with a really bad
personal dye job but yeah as I said it's
washing wash out and I think I'm
starting to be okay with that I feel
like a bit Louise me which is quite cool
to be honest theme Michael easily isn't
exactly a bad thing what's been going on
biggest news was that I didn't get into
Oxford but I haven't really given what
itself any time to process that yet
because I've just got other things to
deal with right now that don't really
include going with the fact that I
didn't get into university if we want
you to go for for a big long amount of
time but not that I'm thinking about ABS
not if there's a Ned going to be honest
and I'm really happy that people going
to the University that I'd met there
that I got in really well with the
necessity for my school you just really
deserve to go because they've worked so
hard so because they're so good and
they'll have such an amazing time last
so that makes me really happy good am by
the other thing I just yeah I just it's
importantly stressing over it there are
other universities the world but I hope
forget inches off me angry where else I
was featured basically there was one day
a couple oh they were a couple of days
after the official first project awesome
day in which John Hancock picked to be
to pick all the featured videos then
there was one of the ones picked to be
featured on site many of my friends and
many people whose videos are handsome
before but who right now I'm subscribe
to and the who berated amazing charities
that I have found out so much about and
on that day I just I watched so many
videos I still haven't picked which one
of them only more money to but um I
watched so many that I was really
touching and where so many videos
especially by people like Sean and
culture project of this beautiful hoodie
that made everyone cry when we were
watching it John was doing blog TV at
the time and Sean poster net and we all
kind of stopped were like crazy manic
typing and competent to just watch it we
were all blubbering it was wonderful but
i'm watching that video can be featured
because it has copyright and stuff that
would run the risk of children having to
take the video down which should just be
awful because it's a beautiful video so
i'm going to put a link to it and you
can watch it a worm putting links to
things be careful because there's one on
twitter whose user name is the same as
this miss XO Rojas and that's not me
that someone impersonating me I don't
know whether they use it good / bad or
whatever just be wet but that isn't me
Oh other things Christmas Christmas was
it's nice it was good i hope you had
lovely Christmas was at eight until
you're fit to burst unless you're not a
christmas celebration in which case I
hope you have lovely whatever you did on
Christmas days or if you have any sort
of religious festival around that day I
hope you had a lovely time at that and I
really didn't get into the Christmas
spirit this year and yeah I just I
really did it and that was very strange
it's very very weird but i think it is
partly to play i partly blame high
streets now i am materialistic and i am
unashamedly so in so many ways but at
the same time come on it's ridiculous
you go into the high street and my local
shopping high street like the bubbler
closest one to mean but the best one is
looking like a wasteland right now it's
got seventy percent sales and closing
down signs everywhere mainly wall works
this for those of you don't know this
chain of stools across the UK that every
kid grows up going to i mean i
particularly member trying to beg my mom
to take me that after swimming and go to
the pick and mix and get rid sheep
sweets and every now and then you go
down the toy island of the amazing it
was huge long aisles of amazing huge
beautiful toys that you would then white
number one in your Christmas list it's
just really weird that it's going that
is almost a British institution you know
will worth it it's Woolworths you can't
not have Woolworths
today I'll closing down and that's
variant had a little bit of a tip with
my dad in the car about discounting mo
and chains and everything because I
think working in the independent part of
the scepter you realize just how huge
and ruthless these companies are and
it's a special circle because they're
all going and applying these huge big
discounts that no independent retailer
can really match up to losing out on
Willis profit and they're just
destroying themselves and they end up
with huge amounts of debts and
eventually have to get either managed
somehow to be bought or they just have
to close down and so many people these
their jobs it's really really sad but I
think it says quite a lot about our
priorities when we shop if we care so
much about discounts on the price and
with bindings for the price but rather
than for what they are that these shops
end up not existing anymore and we won't
have the choice and they'll be less
competition and I don't know it's it's
really weird time right now but very
interesting to graph and I think but I'm
really grateful that I'm going to
university for the next few years
hopefully and in a way so that doesn't
really directly affect me in the same
way that it would if I had to go and get
a job right now and it is horrible you
know redundancies that just keep
happening and yeah it's it's reside but
on a happier note of stuff for Christmas
ironically tell me about your best
Christmas present if your Christmas
present kind of kind of family I got
lots of books which are very lovely i'll
show you at some point once i've read
them but i think my primary acquisition
would have to be in Doctor Who series
for which I asked for quite a while ago
and it's just amazing it's really lovely
to be able to watch the episodes some of
the deleted scenes are beautiful and
I've posted a tired of typing video or i
will post it wrongly in which I talk
about a couple of the deleted scenes and
the ex jism that and also about the
Christmas special as well so yeah so I
go watch that if you
do you van other things I was out to
yesterday and I saw this a tenth and
final book and The Princess Diaries
series and obviously I had to buy it
immediately so I did and Wow thing that
princess stories I started reading it
pretty much the second it came out in
the UK and I love love the love them
since then I love purchase me I think
she's a bad miss character if anyone
doesn't know that she's a normal New
York girl who is in it pretty much the
biggest freaking school you know not
hugely attractive not perfect she finds
out that she's a princess and she has
that go princess lessons with this
horrible old woman who's actually her
grandmother and her dad is like this
huge flirt and her mom's going out with
her maths teacher and it's just amazing
it's really funny I had to say the first
few books my favorite and then there
were some points I think after book six
did it kind of started going a bit
downhill for me just because I didn't
like a particular no corn eating
character all that much but the tenth
book is just it's a perfect ending to
already and it's been two years since
he's since mia has written so you feel
like she's really matured a lot and
while there was still some moments when
I was like oh come on Mia don't be
ridiculous it's so obvious what's
happening doing such a child shut up and
just hit yourself as a head with your
diary because you're being ridiculous in
general I was pretty impressed actually
I was I really liked it I might do a
spoiler field filled review of it at
some point but I also have to say that
the last three pages made me soft and
it's not strictly out here until the
second of January butter it's good it's
really good if you're found the series
and I think you'll like it and it's
almost Alec and yeah I read it in one
sitting and it just made me feel happy
and pink I'm good so right you think
that's all for me good
