I'm reason house some mornings I wake up
and I think I'm Sarah Silverman you know
that great schlep video of hers with the
wall and everything but then I remember
that I'm not funny or Jewish so I should
really just go in choir my stories away
either way our aims are very similar she
wanted you to slip over to Florida so
that you could persuade your
grandparents to vote for that Obama dude
and I want you to mosey over to two
great websites to great organizations
the one water campaign and the whalemen
foundation to see the truly brilliant
things that these two groups and truly
awesome people have been doing and maybe
just maybe to a spider take part the
well man foundation and the Animal
Welfare Institute of foreign investments
save the world campaign which the latter
established in 1951 their primary aims
are to reduce the pain and fear and
flipped it on animals by humans and also
to conduct a hell of a lot of research
to preserve and protect dolphins and
whales and habitats that they live in
the website also tells you about a
really cool social networking site from
social white which i'm actually on where
you can raise money for this foundation
and for the loads of others simply
wedging really simple things like update
your status changing the photo even just
visiting the forum tell dolphins and
orcas are actually gorgeous creatures
people far greater than I could ever
hope to be and fought so hard to protect
them even though there's worldwide ban
on commercial whaling more than 25,000
whales have been killed since its
inception this year alone fishermen from
Japan Norway and Iceland kill over 3,000
whales for commercial gain quite frankly
it's just not acceptable secondly the
one water campaign which links up nice
into the global ethics company who
supply one for the water they sell
donate all its profits to play pump
international play pump international
it's really to rebook kids in rural
africa get to play on these really
brilliant roundabout while kids are
playing these roundabouts water is being
pumped clean water fresh water water
that can save so many lives we all know
that clean water is always essential to
survival almost essential it is
essential waterborne diseases collar for
example they run rife in dirty water
especially
these places that need the plate lamps
the most so next time in a supermarket
shade away or any other really recall
one water stocking place and you need a
drink buy one for those who need it too
and no extra cost get water you help
people out it's not too bad and just
want my nothing i'm going to watch those
video today the organization mentioned
in the best one organizations i will
donate five pounds to then hopefully
that five pounds will make a little bit
of a difference encourage anyone that
can to do the same as a very famous
supermarket chain saws in UK everything
helps
project
for awesome
is better than all whole family of
possums
it's even awesomer than that old sitcom
bottle and I am a big fan of balsam
that's just how awesome the project for
awesome is it's even better than a
possum on blossom
probably mention that i'm a big fan of
possums to
I slept with a stuffed possum till I was
you
so a possum on blossom would probably be
my favorite thing except for the project
for awesome
