whoa look at that son okay that's not
move d sorry well gonna have to close
you off a sec it's gorgeous outside it's
beautiful but my windows wide open I
look like a mess because all I've been
doing is reading and my eyes kind of
hurt but I just had to show you
something that my mom just came up in
sooth market with me and this video's
gonna be unedited and restore its real
quick and I'm also advertising my whole
book collection at the moment so this is
what are these books everywhere but I
quite liked him it's over anyway what
she got me were some things to kind of
so tasty morsels to keep me entertained
while I was there we've got some fruit
and fiber cereal bars from cocktail
Pringles completely sexy key which is
actually the fridge right now because I
can't you know just have sexy Hugo in
molding me shop sweet shop flying
saucers pop shop sweet shop strong
amazing maybe next time like for Mary
nerd cookies chocolate chip american
cookies double chocolate chip Oh
Harriette bubbles and it's pretty much
fair to conclude that my mother is quite
possibly the most awesome mother in the
entire world and I've got all my things
on my notes lyrics for tomorrow and it's
gonna be really good it's gonna be dead
it's gonna gonna be fine it's to meet
its gonna go absolutely Oh whether the
SATs um all right I kind of guessed
tough for all of the math sections but
someone told me that's pretty much
what's you know normal to do but I'm
just happy that lid on and I'm happy
that in a few days my crazy life will go
back to being a normal level crazy
welcome being a ridiculous in human
level of crazy which kind of leads two
nervous breakdowns whereas yeah so from
from about wednesday have kind of got me
normal neverold crazy mount commitments
to them live up to it and my guess
