the light is already failing so it means
I'm going to be able to hang on to the
life of this video I wanted to talk
about the books that I'm going to be
reading this week I really had to make
videos TBR videos very often because I
refrain quickly and I'd say much rather
often share an opinion a strong one or
not so strong that I have about but
quarantined I'm thinking about but I
just want to share these the kids I'm
really struggling to read at the moment
I think with all of the chaos going on
outside or news from the US but really
all around the world actually the global
chaos it sort of infiltrated my brain a
little bit and it stops me being able to
focus on reading in the way that I
normally am able to reading for me is
like while in the Weald if it gets me
through this wall of the way my brain
works and it helps me to think and it
helps me to make sense of things even if
they're not related to what I'm really
about it helps me to make connections
between things reading to me is so
valuable and so important so I can't do
it I feel really frustrated the first
book is we are okay bye Nina Lacour
which is about grief and loss and
someone who has left this terrible
sadness or triumph only because channels
have a sign and go back to University
but actually finding herself quite
isolated if she grapples with defends it
she could have tried to disconnect
yourself from but it hasn't done so
successfully if that is big enough what
is put it I don't think this about yet
actually I think this comes out that use
your phone this is why I'm late but the
cheaper of the gear this comes out of
the 40 Pythagorean Valentine's Day so if
by then I will hopefully have some
thoughts for you and how I find it but I
hope I think it's going to be great I
have full faithfulness but this is one
that I've actually started mama can't
reason man and about halfway through
it's by Robin Travis and it's from a
very small publisher in the UK and
pretty excited to read it and recent
debut and supporter it's written in
letters but lots of different kinds of
tones of letters interesting
interactions between his mum and his
siblings and other people who are into
science his lawyer and so on and you
slowly get a picture of him and also
houses you'll see and this is a bit
I'm very excite finished I will let you
know how I think like this one do
there's a bibliography I'll let you know
what I think this next book I'm really
excited about is Windows which is by
Catherine Ripper who I know from like UK
book seen who's just through being part
on Twitter out and about online
Catherine is absolutely wonderful and
I'm so excited for her and proud of her
that she's written this book from what I
understand I don't actually know Mozart
yet because I wanted to just rip it and
read it and give it my time and
attention it's a book about running
somebody who discovers a love of running
when she's a teenager but it's out of
some really difficult circumstances I
think in the u.s. is called the
heartbeats of Windows if you're looking
for it one of my tried and tested ways
of getting me out of like this headspace
where it's hard to focus on reading is
to read poetry and so I've been I've
actually dive into a little bit but I
want to do more reading of Kate tempest
collection and new collection Metheny
chaos I love her I think she's wonderful
and I love her writing and I just kind
of love sitting there with it and going
back to it and reading it in different
orders and reading it aloud to myself as
well it kind of becomes this past
complimentary performance I have as I
discover it because to me poetry I'd get
so much more from it when I was reading
it allows myself it's kind of like when
you're reading plays and you suddenly
get all of those a wonderful dancing of
words when you read it aloud to yourself
and you understand more about the plot I
think or at least try to like sometimes
when I'm reading a play because the life
is short my eyes are scanning for it and
say what I'm reading poetry but when I
read aloud there's something about
sharing even with myself that helps me
understand more of it and wonder reading
poetry to other people whether they are
romantic interests or not the next
searcher collection and is reading it
actually by one of you it's by Maria
Elena and it's a tell you she very
kindly sent me a copy you when you make
things in each other them and I whether
it's like a huge project or small
project generally feel so much prize and
I don't mean that in my
a paternalistic way or like I in any way
own that it's nothing to do with me it's
just so exciting to me that this is such
a creative and vibrant community and I'm
just very very lucky to be a part of it
say yes and really collectively do
something all so to speak this is a
beautiful cover and that through thought
catalog books which you can find it
thought catalog calm smart the American
Way without review at the end I've been
wanting me to read home going by our GRC
for forever I'm so excited to read this
and guarded that I haven't had an
opportunity to start out like a
brilliant unity to start yet so I'm
really excited it and I know that this
is one that will have popped up in many
reviews you've would have seen in videos
you will have seen but I think that is
in this case because it's a truly
brilliant folk from everything the
making it so entire to go in and have my
own experience of it but I'm just
excited I don't know if I've said
excited maybe 10 billion or 12 million
times from that sentence but of all
things this is one of the books that I
got for Christmas my mom got it for me
after John actually recommencement of
whiteheads the Underground Railroad
which and he just raised about and a few
others and people raised about you so I
really like this I think it won the
National Book Award oh look at that it's
a National Book Award winner 2016 by
numbers amazingly this week is the
animators which is a novel about you
girls working and they're very
male-dominated field of animation I'm
really excited to read this wonderful
extremely well reviewed as well and this
is also one of those books that comes in
quarterly boxes where they pick a
different authors to help curate one of
those boxes and send along other books
related separate to which you might see
with the mothers that's like another way
to do it poisonous bhowmick yes yes sir
but the end is once I read all of these
some of them might make their way into
other videos and if not in any case a
rich person community with my thoughts
about each book sometime in the next
hopefully next week want to read them
all I hope that gives you good idea
about what I'm reading I would love to
know where you were when were reading
this week or this month or whatever it
is you've got on your plate right now
really excited about this year in books
I even just feel happier I did the
entire day talking about books right now
grateful for books grateful to have a
community to talk about them with in
depth a lot and yes so thank you but
yeah more book video coming very few and
then the very final note you let me know
if there are any other larger themes
that you'd like me to put together a
little book fitting about and some of my
finger books on that theme or books
event planning to read on that beat to
because I think you get to it is a full
request service here and the Duke books
