hello everyone it's 1130 and I'm
exhausted from the cumulative days of
staying up late and worrying myself into
a frenzy it's official after which is
good does not that it means much things
as I'm spending the whole week of
holiday revising for s82 during week
tomorrow which is very scary but apart
from that I've been doing a bit of
random drawing I just had this idea from
looking at karen kavett artwork for the
newark light at all and the paper towels
to another location you'll find that on
paper towns com if you kind of like
click on the locations it takes you to
the page with a facebook event that's
really really cool and Carol covets just
awesome conference about where that and
she's both had that every time Donald's
abroad TV or hang dimensions of tour
dates is always like I come to this
place it come to this bits and it's kind
of become something that I slip into
every single blog TV chat would be worse
I coming to London talk about yeah yeah
he's going on the unloved daddy at the
februari which kind of inspired this the
fantasy me I'd fight a tall order to
take a photo of it with photobooth but
the quality is all falling opportunity
November for random island off the
Alaskan coast line Putin swatting party
this here is November 31st when I South
Dakota us
july seventeenth san francisco ask
address january thirty second called the
Creek Alabama USA to a 30-second so
hopeful Hotel New York City USA 730 dead
iceland commence journey to the center
of beer december 32nd iceland stop by
soon from becoming bankrupt day februari
31st the green brothers actually going
to hogwarts febri 30th is of course the
day when they're going to go to London
teams honey one here because I couldn't
squeeze it in any other way july 33rd
boston USA Evangeline college of
lucidity march 30 seconds see you are
Laura day us a free entry day
specifically affinity double free entry
evening free entry late November 30
seconds darfur sudan remember nods and
peeps and half the day will this go to
guard South Africa a giraffe love
appreciation day and such for the puppy
sized elephant December 25th father
Christmas's house North Pole you will
not necessarily be white just because
he's run off 84 31st hick season fortune
area during the valuable month of
nerdfighteria from the first 74th the
German Hank shall be in Bangladesh for
the event decrease world suck that they
shall be joined by uncultured project
their August 34th really can't mcgarvey
to the evil bill Thursday Zimbabwe this
might require a little bit of help from
our friend the doctor because it's
actually August 34th 1924 and similarly
June thirty first nineteen fifty-seven
of in Afghanistan we need to disprove
the Salma to be even baby often
made 30 seconds Vernon been in
durmstrang September 31st there's an
event in Thailand called the continued
search for the publicized elephant which
i think is I think that's going to lead
to more please them live in the nearly
run and Thailand I think does have some
secret supplies of our besides elephants
oh that's like two current have its
website but I'll get back in the
sidewalk because this is so tiny search
over 36 pack will actually help Russia
unveil this amazing huge win phone that
actually takes over by the ocean which
is you know really good but it's very
very friendly it doesn't calm any
ecosystem to the process it's an awesome
project October thirty-first Japan save
the whales again because there are some
people in Japan who think we should just
in it stop doing that October 30 second
and the location of the device is seen
in the phone contact you think that's
fictional it's not it it's actually real
and that's to celebrate universe
exploring day and the month of notified
timber from the first juvie 42nd ugly
the John height will be in a wine fleet
land Australia but every one person
missing this is a pain that's going to
find John across the world in this very
illogical route this plane does in fact
have Eli on it and accept our 33rd
Antarctic herbs actually notify
topanga's appreciation down so no from
the very logical older I really wish I
have just taken the photo but
culona there are actually more dates for
the fancy nervous tool in great britain
and northern ireland as you go through
your island itself so i just have to
draw us out because you know i want to
make it perfectly clear is that come on
I going on this fantasy 12 against wish
don't want people to get lost like
there's a big lava last time drawing
actually went to sign at Hogwarts
because people kept forgetting where I'm
going so we don't want that to happen
again it's very late I have not gone to
sleep before one for about three weeks
bye guys
