so I just spent the past three hours
watching John sign books in Indianapolis
on Brock TV which was an awesome end to
a horrible horrible horrible week which
was stressful so many levels more than
work and just everything was just going
completely wrong and horrible but now
that week is over after a very long and
busy day at work way you know a nice it
went quickly is the only thing you know
busy busy days at work me that it will
go quickly but I thought in a very if I
walsall girls away i'm going to talk a
bit about why today why this week and
why XYZ is awesome because it will just
make me feel better hey stop moving stop
wallowing one reason why is this very
top that I'm wearing which is good at
rusev top and good at rusev so awesome I
feel like I'm all the truman show but I
love goodie two sleeves yes so cool
their t-shirts are so original this is
cool and then cut a liquid shades like
you know does it normally see me and I'm
gonna be so narcissistic as to say that
this suits me so they go it suits
everyone in life life today is also
awesome because today is the day that if
you have not done so already you're
going to go to WWI 84 vomiting calm and
sign up wife Obama is such an awesome
project started up by John Stennis yard
authors and fans of young out of fiction
and just incredible people and young
people and not young people whatever
joining in support of a bomber now and
they were like oh you know it's a
liberal brainwashing on action that
liberal has to be said philosophy has
taught me that I'm not liberal and I did
think that democracies have society so
don't play that card and then nervous
behind if you're not if you guys put a
bomb because like and argue that like
seventy-five percent the people in
youtube if not more Erin support robot
it's not like I'm following a trend I
follow us politics very seriously
because I am aware of the impact it has
a world and even if you don't support
Obama just please go along to why for
Obama darling calm and have a look at
some of the articles that some of these
amazing you're not young end up victory
watches have written and some of the
amazing
schools that members on the site have
written about like the way that you felt
or voting or about you know their
opinions on society as it is and I like
I found it so interesting so please
please please please just go even if
even if you're not a Democrat even if
you hate Obama's got especially if you
hit got Obama's guts just go and have a
look and read these articles i'm
completely give her there with my very
bandaged finger because i was helping
and pick up bottles after this evening
we have a full of good international
evening last night which was really good
actually but like my so my friends if
his bollywood dance which was the most
incredible thing that I've ever seen my
life I wish I could move right that it
was so good and but I cut my finger on
like this stupid guy broken be able to a
while picking it up and then I put a
whale to corner at work from National
Book start day because you know is why
do today is also awesome because my book
shop has got the second astonishing life
of octavia nothing in and they imported
it from America which is yeah especially
cool i wish i could buy it katni my book
list is just growing growing growing
because i haven't got around to you but
I was going talk about the first a
surging life of it to Ava nothing by MTM
dozen empty and dissing which I believe
I'm correct me if I'm wrong it's the
only one of his books published in the
UK but I've support food in Chicago but
I haven't read it because I have this
huge bottom extreme and I have this kind
of weird illogical way of reading them
which is illogical but I loved saving
nothing it was like everything you i
would say ah I hate putting agent I
would say you have to really love
reading and you have to have certain
interest in aa slightly every ordinary
things cuz I didn't realize what it was
about our first and which was amazing
because you just been a project me like
wow how could these people do this and
I've just seen quite a bit on a route
side back to and I'm being so vague
right now you should read it you should
really read it if you're into that kind
of a I loved all the hints to philosophy
as well I was just like wow it was great
it was so good and I'll become a
recently was a disreputable history of
Frankie Landau banks which I've been
made you with ages and actually started
quite well I but never finish that was
really good that was really good that's
why you look hot
I like the boyfriend s will always be my
favorite because I think movie is
awesome and the boy book was absolutely
brilliant as well and I love dramarama
and i'll offer on the wall but and i
really really like disreputable history
for every lender back that's such hot i
just a fast but i think that's my third
favorite that's got all like the
feminism than the woman boarding school
and like the chair but yeah but
boyfriend is my boy i'll be favourites
now that I'm not dying well dying just
almost most ladies as and become
currently we know now is richard yates
revolutionary road in my pants and this
covers gorgeous i'm sorry this covers
really really cool i am 25 pages into it
i'm loving it so far but I'm reading it
like a snail i'm reading litari two
pages a day I've got this big pile the
books have to go back to the library in
10 days are down time to read it because
the other piece of reading material is
this this isn't actually the worst one
the last one is the buyer do you want it
stuck around Auckland be highlighted
what am i learning all about RNA and DNA
in oh who even knows what else deal oxy
whatever DNA Jesus asked for deoxyribose
acid whatever you cured Dietetic so I'm
take pretty wrong cuz all I'm doing is
reading this book and learn this
information I'm in touch with manager oh
she's gem everything's just making them
worry went out oh so what to do nothing
about that problems of San yoga prabhas
of 17 year ago problems of 17 yoga but
this is just this is like 10 centimeters
away for me every second of my waking
life yes please cuz oh and also another
reason why this is awesome I've been
looking at this collection of the Pete
Rose of Walt Whitman who is actually
that huge in the UK and if he's massive
in America visit like you know the great
American poet and really redefined the
way perch was written as far as from
what being critical essays I've heard
about him with his like that ever look
at this collection complete posed by him
and I phages really wanted it and was
too scared off the price could read like
1299 wojcik on energy for enough
399 cuz it's one of those Wordsworth
lungs and it's huge it's all those
permits very good but I was this line
must have a very stressful week there's
this line from him that's actually
printed on the front of the book that
made me calm and its really caused
myself as well just to kind of allow me
to breathe yesterday when I kept having
unit pank attacks just one but no he
okay have you heard that it was good to
gain the day I also say it is good to
fool battles are lost in the same spirit
in which they are one wonderful
practically poetry haha another reason
why this is life is awesome is that I
have like four thousand minutes left on
his car that I bought so that I could
call me an answer that Leon Cupra mobile
phone to myself and to John and to
everyone in the vicinity on the launch
party night and even me too cuz dog TV
was you know Butchie be but I did anyway
I call them anyway and it's had this
this was like at one in the morning and
I didn't know if they realized but I was
and that point in complete tears because
I was handy Stiles breakdown i can get
all this worked and work that eventually
get dozen REE just quoted myself for not
going though and then there and i was
really not to be able to talk to them
and then the next day I called Sam
Friedman and Sam Freeman was in
Disneyland with brie and it you know
being that person being able to speak to
people and today is also awesome because
Rosie wiser has a house and is no longer
homeless today I met well not met today
I saw Wilbur and Charles and Gertrude so
yeah nothing can beat decades day today
is also awesome because John Green now
is copy of fahrenheit 451 which is one
of my all-time favorite books and I am
of course shocked that he hasn't read it
before I'm appalled anyway to agree if
you have if you if you there haven't
read fahrenheit 451 you should read it
because the boy think about it like that
first I wasn't like more best book in
the world but then why I think about it
then what I love it I love books like
that they kind of stay your brain and
they grow on you and then they either
like tapeworms I love books are like if
you haven't seen the video where I talk
about a paper towels like five seconds
insane videos resnet which i think is
like the coolest thing the world because
I'm
man and if you saw fresh Ned's video
with local the faces then you would love
present too and if you saw all of his
other videos and you would also
appreciate forres net and if you don't
appreciate it for its it then you are
clearly lien 8 right now I'm good to get
some welcome why do I videos always so
by the way I want to ask you guys mind
that my videos are radicular comment
please bye
