hi everyone is this book being released
in the USA and Canada as well and I
don't know where else in the world
probably a lot of other places in the
world definitely not the UK there you
probably would have heard of it it's the
sky you know relatively unknown I
certainly have never spoken about
anything to do with him before I can't
even I can't even it's out today so I
had all these ideas for this video and
what I wanted to do to celebrate the
awesome day that is papered the Helms
release day but a few obstacles got my
way be my first plan was to make the
cake they can do that and also we have
no more dream or eggs and module eggs
are expensive right now you may have
noticed that the world economy is
crashing and while America is recovering
yay go America Europe is still crashing
so no Marjorie no eggs but can you
attain a mini cake so I feel like
keeping that's been that's been done the
second thing was I were to do with the
huge big collaboration video with people
I know who read job with books in the UK
my camera etched in broke and that
leaves me very unhappy especially series
i only bought it like three months ago
and it does it's not under warranty i
don't think so i need to double-check
that really really upset literally
running that battery and the head at my
bag and they left my bag under bed at a
party the lens was halfway out someone
stood on my bag the lens is now kinda
wonky and halfway out it just completely
broken so there goes ideas one and two
now i'm just i had all these crazy other
plans one particular crazy plan flying
out to New York and being there right
now I'm skipping like two days of school
but then I realized that a I'm a geek &
B I have so much going on right now that
I can't afford to miss it and see I
can't actually afford it and do my
parents probably wouldn't let me and
us there are so many reasons why I could
do it esri upset because you know you
have credit is you just you there was a
moment when you just think you can do it
I can't do it like there's nothing stop
me doing it except my stupid brave
stupid work-obsessed attainment obsessed
brain which sometimes just tries to be
crazy I really or chose you know I were
one of those people who could just take
off you just do that there are people
who can just do that ah ah you're such a
shame something what together oh my god
today to have seen like I know people be
probably cause it'd be like you're lucky
you've already met them I know I'm like
you're so lucky but I missed them like
this like my friends from Chicago like I
didn't it all gonna be there but a
couple of them are and i miss famous
like cheap starbucks and Louis not
having to worry about work I love
worrying about work i do you honestly
but wait a lil like this week has been
hell is that horrible is that what the
worst weeks of my school life I've been
obviously miscs I've been a lot of his
so emotional and I finished watching
gossip girl and the first thing i
thought after washing lots of girls but
i wanna go to Yale so badly and Harvard
and Princeton Stanford and Oxford I
wanted so badly I want to have the
opportunity to learn if those places and
it's kind of a paradox I want to be able
to enjoy myself right now which I am to
some degree but not to send agree i
would if i didn't have to like be doing
these things by the same time I love
doing all these things I'm just having
this huge crazy lifetime i might be read
melodramatic because my voice is like a
man why didn't this is picking with
loneliness but when i was like a man of
my nose is blocked in my head it's been
feeling that there's some huge elephant
sitting on it not homicide like a full
full bright world puff evel's a full
boat elephant on my head don't
appreciate it please bit confrontational
specially with a girlfriend or track
jacket end of this book I knew I love
you probably quite sick and nostalgic
for the days when
you know I'd talk about braces you might
be thinking all she does these days is
talk about the name of this cover and I
didn't bother little box is all the same
there's a green and a pink and a blue
one and the other one and they're all
made out of ticky tacky and they all
look just the same for what books are
your rights are just like wow like wow
wow wow wow well a while color wow I've
been a dear see we're just passed I
passed the people ask around everyone
and I want to need to kill myself
reading copy of pig town but what I've
been doing just been like look just wait
until I Christmas and I'll get everyone
a copy which seeing the state my bank
account right now is unlikely but you
know but may people might be like why is
she talking about it because it's a
trend and I've been thinking about
nerdfighters and the rug brothers a
gentleman as a trend and I know how much
is trend I think it is in some ways and
kind of things in comfortable in some
ways because there are some people who I
hate to say it probably haven't read old
books or I've never been an ETA geek but
kind of a part the tribe better try to
go to have a trend of like amazing
people in it and just like so it's it's
diverse it's that keyword that all the
university prospectus up in with you
have been saying dive diversity so
important and I've met amazing people
and I say this every single video but I
love them I love them even if some of
them have complexes yeah oh my gosh this
week is almost over thank goodness ah oh
so what you do for double iterations but
I do have their and if it's in this book
the other quits after reach over oh no
and it it's a calling card to the USA
it's five pound if you're looking enough
to be going to vary I shelf your ring
some point I really apologize for like
the disgusting sounds my buddies making
winner I've I was in Spanish and I was
really hungry and with somewhat just
made this huge that noise and the other
leg hurt my friend ever but tried was
like that your stomach oh yeah yeah I'm
gonna cool someone is at the paper
towels launch party because I want to
speak to people so if if your person
being cold if I for some reason can't
get through to the person i'm playing
and calling just pass it round pass I
want to speak to everyone I want to
speak to everyone ever i miss people I'm
gonna put my busy mouse with on and I
wish all i could do tonight was like
watch Disney films or read baby dolls i
really want to reread paper towels but
there are other things that have to be
done i'm enjoying the other things that
have to be done but I'm just like what
the hell we gonna do this right now uh
miss people not like right now I miss my
friends at school I saw them more like
two hours ago I'm missing them in
advance for next a lovely part ways you
must be room I love my own like look
happy to me about worms I read guys
really go boom it's pretty cool it's
like two weeks in two days until i take
the s80 tues there's a lot i really want
to read this read to you it's my
favorite line in the whole fifth town
but it is Delilah page 305 which is the
last page so I'm not going to read it to
you but I really wanted to be perfect
perfect ending I got with urs e
membership hello where did 36-pound go
another for bed but for another year and
with that I shall leave you because I
keep saying that I should leave yours
every single video is there to leave you
and maybe you'll get some kind of
substantial original video right now
when possibly I don't mention agreed but
the likelihood that I big a video where
I do not mention the awesomeness that is
John Green is the same like Kurt as
there was last night that John McCain
would not mention Joe the Plumber every
five seconds ah I'm ready like 39
minutes under watching the debate on the
c-span recorder thing but i have to go
at go so much to offer gosh ah the end
it's a look so I matching this video
right now I am so sorry that it was so
whiny and also I'm hoping they're doing
a book review thing soon possibly
sometime oh my no laughter blocked
