so I literally just walked in the door
from school my bags over there oh just
took off my shoes my gorgeous still love
them very much but I got some post today
and I got first room library mean like
we have your books that you pre-ordered
but I got this I don't know if this is
because the money was taking out my bank
account and I'm really happy about this
and looks opened but I haven't opened it
someone opens so many you can guess what
this is technically shouldn't be
receiving this right now oh yes a happy
mother I have you move it really would
have the shiny we're all egg it's really
weird to have like the shiny I see what
you miss about Amsterdam but it clearly
being Amsterdam um the shiny yeah one of
these are going to my friend Holly and I
didn't get her own 18th birthday present
I just wrote a little note in her card
so I you want copy your favorite towns
already on order and she will be getting
that tomorrow and I've been already
sinned you're not I didn't read my own a
RC so yeah yeah watching more goes just
so cool if this isn't slightly different
even on the same cover this is so
ridiculous ago I've got another one
coming as well I ordered one in like way
back in June and then I wanted to in
August I think as well oh just cuz you
know i'm cool like that or just a couple
of 420 sit so red ah I don't want to
want to read it again and i have to do
english course what round pick tomorrow
not to mention an admissions essay for
university um I really want to read it
again it's so shiny almost like without
the dust jacket dust jacket because I
always was really interesting cuz
British colors is you have like a like
the image on like a shining dust jacket
whereas us yoga friction still has very
poor sh 0 what is nice I appreciate this
blue one does this one with the other
one I'm such a freak it's fabulous oh
gosh this is so exciting over to UM
obsessing this for a while morn the lack
of money in my bank account especially
since i just renewed by Royal
Shakespeare Company membership but how
could you not not be a member of the
wash takes the company we're gonna lie
to myself I loved being film at the last
year I mean it's amazing if you live in
the UK I started assets discounts I got
was they were incredible and you know
you get perigee booking for like the
most amazing plays and I really enjoyed
it thank you Anson this is probably last
I would say fake Jem's in for a while oh
it's my invoice with hip towers on it
and everything that makes me really
happy oh and to any UK is who are like
oh you know I can't afford to order
paper towels it's expensive actually it
wasn't that expensive it was in total 17
pounds 96 that's 22 euros 85 including
shipping and so that works out at about
9 pounds each for those like that is
like that's an absolute bargain I can't
even you know explain how good value how
what good value such good value I can't
talk when I'm so exhausted and I can't
even explain how how I can't start the
sentence again I can't even explain
what's good value that is for a book
this amazing and nine pounds isn't you
know I know we're going to me like that
economy wild crashing crisis or whatever
but how it manifests this this book is
cheaper here if you click into clap
conversion rates in a blink then it
would be to buy it in America seeing as
you know the pound is completely rubbish
against the dollar right now or do it
through amazon drop crediting k though
if you're in it for me
okay because I think then it's a bit
cheaper than he would rip through the
u.s. because of the conversion rate
anyway um emotionally get on with my
life right now you shouldn't get on with
the many things out to do what did I
tell you I didn't affect I but my one of
my call these are my coursework tex one
of them smelter my name is looking for
alaska and I've been highlighting lots
and lots of things and even more things
highlighting and annotating and it's
great fun I actually nice because I kind
of get to skip even though you know my
saws what's about suffering I get to
skip to the bits that i love all the
bits that kind of impact a new race
because there's huge highlighted in what
is my fifth copy of looking falasca and
i only cook with a bell jar but i'm
going to need to get another copy
because this one I'm going to scroll
over we throat hurts I think I'm getting
ill this country so cold so I think
that's enough a random ranting on now
I'm gonna stop talking oh my gosh
perhaps I have like I've already like
three copies of paper talents is
ridiculous this is so ridiculous you
know how ridiculous is this is
ridiculous and I do a proper review of
it on
Thursday once the official release
without and do proper view not just one
I'm just like oh you have to rise
rockets are amazing what you do you have
to buy it incredible I've no idea i'm
doing I I said like five minutes ago I'm
gonna stop this video now and I didn't
and I kept talking haven't even said hi
to my dad I got this package and I just
like right that's it I'm opening it zhu
shin any money all right back but they
will be out like a sad movie
