so keeping with a passion of being a
ridiculously busy person during term
time I haven't really had that much time
to make a video it's all good because
it's because I've continued to be
enjoying school and I just thought I had
to show you something that I got
yesterday which I wanted for a few
months but I finally caved the money in
my purse so I got it yesterday I should
have spent the money in my purse the
money my purse was intended for some
books about the SATs which I've ordered
because i'm flying to four American
universities Oh along with my British
ones and that's really scary and the
whole process is really scary because I
could have to learn stuff about biology
because the test centers only offered a
certain number of exams and like I don't
know anything about biology I know a
good bit but I will do but I need to
kind of bring do a job for my
information about that it's very scary
and go back to reasoning which was the
kind of things that got me into this
cool i'm at in first place but at the
same time how much do I remember that I
mr. a logical person or am I just as
crazy holla Balu of mess anyway but I
saw this again and i decided to had to
have it was reduced from 60 pounds to
attack 4 997 or something the penguin a
complete English reference collection
and someone has just signed on on skype
or done something else in an
identifiable noise I feel like a
showgirl I feel like I should have a
feather boa if I guess it contains a
great number of books including books
about abbreviations punctuation spelling
dictionary dictionary pain English
changed aadience English grammar end of
the source it's beautiful oh so pretty
and have loads of different ones they
have one link leads quotations but I
worried you wanted but I keep money just
is chuckle away which is very bad and
the year before we're going to go to
university it when you know
penny-pinching is what I should be doing
I'm doing this thing right now when even
if I'm enjoying you but I don't really
have time to fish it because I keep
having to read other books so I've got
about this huge pile right found the
computer which you can see which is
about that high or about that that high
of books that I've started got about 20
30 pages then maybe a few more depending
on you know maybe 100 pages in and I
just drew not have the opportunity to
finish them I'm very busy passing right
now as I said which I would be too
repeating myself because I don't have
time to go back as properly because I'm
a very busy person do you what kind of
pass my own and busy but I have been
reading this Jonathan Wolfson
introduction to political philosophy in
my pants which about the library because
I've just finished a module on political
philosophy in my frosty course which is
really fascinating and we're doing Mills
on liberty as well which is again I had
so interested with us liberalism you say
that we're liberal countries and then we
don't really think about the meaning of
the words and we'll make some awesome
gorgeous phrases there was like just
some things he says and they're just
then lyrical and they're beautiful and a
lot of people said they get lost and
like the the long sentences uses in the
way that he repeats himself over and
over again but i love that i think the
mills absolute great i'm really enjoying
studying them so far I mean we're going
to be studying him for Hugh essence but
I wanted to find this quotation from my
stupid big follow the same I just
noticed some teacher evaluations that I
drew to a teacher so that they can
evaluate me for a number of American
Universities the whole process is just
scary because it was just foreign to me
in a way it there's no central and we
have a common application but it's not
the same as you guys don't just fill in
one form and Burma get sent off to
everywhere you do supplements and
supplements and the international
student supplements it's great and I'm
really excited about having the
opportunity to do that I take so many
notes behind and then I chat them all up
with some crazy crazy mother chocolate
but these are all notched what a
wonderful thing that mill says is all
silencing of discussion is an assumption
of infallibility and I think that's
really really poignant I guess in the
time of books are still being senses and
where you know freedom of expression is
limited and should it be limited
obviously during like war times it
should be limited if it should it be
limited in sense that it can really
cause people harm especially being in
the country where you know we have the
Sun then we have the new to the world
it's the quick style is best if will
mankind minus one where of one opinion
kind with me no more justified in
science in that one person he if he had
the power would be justified in
silencing mankind it's practically
poetry it's beautiful I love it I love
school it's great so good fabulous I'm
so weird actually write a five-page
philosophy essay yesterday I'm freedom
and state um I also wrote by a false ID
handwritten moves literature warm SI in
war poetry and a match to do some
special rock before you to sleep because
I'm going to wake up and go to what
we're a very well-known illustrator is
actually signing my work of children's
picture book illustrator that is and
then I'm going to go to an Egyptian
party Egyptian ball could be called for
friends ATM and i'm debating whether to
go as cleopatra from the future or as
treasurer because treasure might be a
bit easier because i don't have a lot of
time to pair cleopatra from the future
but i'm not sure i'm sure i'll take the
photo and put it in if it's an all right
photo of what my crappy costume ends up
being hi guys including a book about
abbreviations punctuation spelling
dictionary dictionary plain English
English idioms in his skull pair I was
so close up
