hi everyone's and Harry let's and dream
today you might recognize this stat
which females all aligned refer must
abuse into cardboard and we're here
because we have been asked several
occasions to begin a podcast if that's
something you're interested in something
to be continued we're doing is a romance
and dating advice podcast the name
upperclassman dreams this video is miss
out with him because that's something
that I used to tell Lex in the time when
she is encouragement and advice but the
podcast is non gender binary
it goes across the spectrum across all
spectrums and sexuality our advice will
come from our personal perspectives and
well personal experience sorry people
here tap keep going the end of the
catalyst award thank you and it was
split she's lovely and we like her very
much and we started by asking a few
questions for Tricia and if this is
something that you'd like us to keep
doing then let us know in the comments
and obviously you won't be seeing us any
time since we live in different
countries but you'll be hearing us in
your ears and feel free to leave your
questions in there to you in the
comments that we're going to set up like
an email address or something I know how
fancy people do it we are already really
you don't know the fact you work on
behalf of Johnny quid or any ID
political coverage on like I mean
Gangjeong we're asking questions let me
find them there we go if it were fit to
date someone you haven't read Harry
Potter is love worth the frustrations
relationships bring these two things to
be connected to me my initial instinct
is it depends how one of my name is
playing water really well been singing
along carry on you did it cuz good it's
true
the end is what we need it's alright and
that's not with your question next
question it depends whether you have
you're getting someone who like is like
oh I have my horse or business I just
never really go into it or I have
retired bottom because there's Jesus so
they're so stupid I really like them and
remember up to like the amazing 20
pounds of Caesarea my check you're
robbing but you're gonna break up like
develops and even try to get here but
all those people did get them or they
believe like candy revenue Jack Kerouac
like pop very very just I get your what
happened the more important thing to me
is making sure that someone admires and
has a certain level of enthusiasm for
stuff that they really love because I
think your that quite common with our
friendship groups and stuff like that
and then also but most people I talk to
online in like that on my challenges
faces and really if you just it really
care about things and I think that
that's an admirable quality and
something that you shouldn't squash and
you shouldn't push anyone else and you
shouldn't like someone's pushing you
so that's my general feelings but also
why I have never attack order yes that's
where I think like the important thing
is that they are excited about the
things that you're excited about like
they are happy that you're excited about
these things as well like I just I
really like when you trying to be cool
and try and make you feel like you
should be cool because I've had this
interactions with people before and I'm
just like no I'm sorry I like
unashamedly love the thing yes and you
can't make fun of me for that like I
love Harry Potter and if anyone like
made fun of me for that I'd be like well
get out of my bed okay love it
next question under strict justice
Millette so I was not you know I knew
that I really like some odd person that
I was in relationship with because when
we were on a date he started talking
about graphically sexual Harry Potter
fanfiction that's amazing it's like I
read this passage once and it took a
sorting hat in a really bad light not
like okay this is going to work so you
know fine mobile moments of connection
if you can they kind of be that voice in
your head it's like oh I'm just being
silly that I like this person because
they also like Harry Potter or because
they also written fiction because they
also used to send letters to do a
comparative week when they were 13 might
have these things that you can talk
about but if it's not Harry Potter and
you feel like you're going to lose out
on that aspect of connection lip-read
things you do have in common because if
you're attracted to someone chances are
you might probably have something coming
and whether or not you've kind of put it
into words or managed to get regulated
yes all right I was like oh my god
something's happened to your phone
what's the best way to start
conversations online dating sites and
finds that all the ones on start support
obviously like a lines I'll tell you
what worked for me and I've been
relationship for a year and a half with
the person I was going to keep it and I
noticed that they had something in their
bio that like I could relate to and I
like you know I was looking at a shared
interesting but instead of it was
something like actually really like it
when people pick for me I'm doing earth
so you like this look let me tell you
about this book it wasn't like I was
more just like oh here's just like a
funny anecdote about something my into
that but he knew that I actually was
interested in nothing and that works I
have found that as a heterosexual woman
that guys are really receptive to when
you start talking to them and not
necessarily only like tender though
because I'm tender I'm like look at this
guy any real cute men little maps mental
society played asleep never message me
again basically my advice is like no
idea but it is helpful to yet try not to
genuinely connect with like their sense
of humor especially for you share in the
recipe where I find that is like the
best thing for like starting a
relationship is those kind of like funny
chap that you can have and I know maybe
since maybe being funny is like sewing
someone to be a relationship like we
have to have that sense of humor meshing
next thing like that
I feel very self-conscious because Lex
is really funny I'm not funny so I may
but I really genuinely feel like that so
I feel like I can be funny as easily as
she can be funny so what I do and I just
try and I find like Kevin really boldly
and just say something like I live in
ridiculous and just being with it listen
outfit because I'm weird and I like to
let my freak flag fly
without with
and uncomfortable don't worry too much
about messing something up when you run
an online conversation who cares
it's not going to interact with that
person probably ever again and even if
you do it's just a funny thing that you
talked about like was an itemization
head ridiculous but don't be afraid of
being the first person to look I
actually in most of my dating is through
bumble which is an app that makes girls
to class and that's because I found that
I was wait and see through I struck
first and now I would also to sell
really rubbish if you didn't talk to me
so obviously on things like bumble I
have to reach out and that's usually if
I it's like you know like someone more
than space-based level so I see it um
and it's not someone that my friends are
taking my phone and made decisions for
me which may or may not happen from time
to time that I will go our favorite
thing and then if then I feel like
rejected like going to talk with me
that's fine
move on to the next person and it's just
you owe yourself your best chance and
giving your best and doing your best and
then it doesn't work out fine
that's a game machine game no
degeneration game but with even which
didn't give humans don't think surprised
yeah I think you just have to be honest
about who you are from the outset yeah
like I mean not super exactly like
listen this is why I when I experienced
the desk record select this is extremely
relevant to our life and then we'll
start asking this because this person
has an avocado for username I'm how to
cope with your partner and living in a
different country I mean I have to come
learn the long-distance as well overall
it's different
obviously when you can come out for a
weekend that's so difficult people who
have been in relationships far away and
they're just please love the liner like
really water so hot I was in a couple of
moments of relationship and it wasn't
like country country long distance it
was more like a few hours on the train
or a coach even that was difficult and I
felt like I sacrificed a lot of my own
life to sit that in I wish I hadn't done
that because it was a teenager or in my
early twenties and I just feel like you
have to
like good balance I mean this isn't
importantly with relationships is to dip
it yourself but I feel I kind of mix
down on a lot of things and being
teenagers because I was trying to focus
on this relationship that says neither
those relationships broke up because
they were existence I never had
something end because it was long
distance I think it's all just about
yeah like making the right time for each
other that works both your lives making
sure that you know you feel important to
that person still and they feel
important to you making sure that you
are very pretty good at sexting if your
interests you're into it phone sex I
don't know and no times phone sex but
you know I say attend a few escape that
I pursue 38 there is currently but I
think when the one hand you have to like
have like a standing date where you like
Skype and you may like eat your food
together or you queue up a film together
on a day off work that you both have in
common hopefully you don't have to work
for a few hours of work in common but
it's also being flexible if that means
to change like I do hear that you may be
like wouldn't go into your friends will
go to a dinner that someone that work is
hosting because you have this styling
day I don't think that's necessarily
best either because it might leave you
been bit resentful you can pull a lot of
weird emotions and as someone who isn't
that whether that's then being the
person's income as a burden and make you
feel better or if you know they're being
the problem to absolutely everything so
again communication is even more
important than ever
times we've had one story sluttier data
tell them and you check in with them and
even if it's something really silly it
is really hard to be without a person
and like physical affection is done
hugely relationship but it's really hard
when that's not there I think it's about
finding people in your life that are
actually physically there that can sort
not fill roles in like you should be
making out with other people around you
can make up about that you can't make
out with that person unless you really
know relationship you know but it's
really helpful to have those people that
you know you can turn to like if you
really need someone to like vent to what
you're you know when you're upset with
something you'd be able to talk to it's
important to make sure you have those
people around you so that you don't
always feel like oh I need my
right now my girlfriend right now and
then okay and you don't feel like you're
kind of like lonely and experiencing
something by yourself I mean that
applies to kind of every relationship
it's time making sure that you have
different emotional relationships and
different people and you don't put
bullabbai expectation on one person but
I feel like especially in long-distance
relationships that can become like a big
problem if you feel like they're not
there right there right here but if that
all sorts of things because the things
that don't quite work out as well or if
there's like a big delay when you're
going to see them that will in a second
you might look around you and think oh
I'd like lost touch with all these
people and it's just really fun to keep
that going regularly and you're all yeah
you are seeing about your relationship
and we're saying make sure your
friendships again and we don't care
about relationship our circulatory but
you don't you friendships or importance
of friendships are great friends a manic
friendship is magic in today's market
thank you for that for joining me on
this special like pilot episodes of
midnight with him we film the other half
of this kind of pilot of the Porco's
over on my channel which of these you
booked on four slash transport let's
agree axes that say if you like the
podcast in comments send us your
questions so the school the places where
you think we won because Eddie's
forecasting is a correction section
correction section and if you did is we
got babysit so I love it
