hi guys before I talk about the main
subject off this video I'm going to show
you one of the reasons why my job is
just so awesome I work in a bookshop by
the way from of you you do not know this
is why my job is so awesome it's the
uncorrected proof ink death is a third
part for those of you don't know in the
ink cart trilogy it doesn't come out
until October and I have it here and I
will read it when my jet lag has gone
and the hyperness from the sugar has
gone and we're tired us from being at
work for like eight hours is gone I said
about my own would i would say four
years ago but so probably going to
comment tell me it was an out four years
ago but it was quite a while ago and
it's a really great trilogy but i don't
know i don't know how much i would like
it if I started now but Emma's is yeah
anyone who loves books will love it and
I'm an English geek I didn't like you
doing things for my hands today it's
like abstract abstract concepts of hand
movement moving on wow I really cannot
Vegas this video is going to have clips
from some of the acoustic key things
that I went to acoustic e things the
acoustic performances unplugged
performances of wizard rock that I went
to in chocolates it's going to be some
from Grant Park and on 888 some from a
random lobby gave which lasted 15
minutes with alex carpenter and then
moved to grant park again wanna park is
awesome and then it's going to be some
from a random not random it was very
planned and had little flyers and
everything from a very plan acoustic
unplugged gig with loads of wizard rock
bands in the bottom of the hilton in the
northwest exhibition hall which was
absolutely awesome as well this
convention is just kind of reawaken one
of a bit like oh my love of music was
never doorman I mean although I like a
lot of the music i like is very
different for my friends i would never
smoke high school friends at least i
would never say that it's I kind of
automatic have a barrier get some kinds
of music I used to a super like oh no I
don't like this genre man i don't like
this Donell but the great thing is you
know when he spend time listening to
people time kind of being forced to me I
thought to speak a generation to listen
to other people's music you kind of go
to like it and you know soldier boy
dance to it and stuff like that to kind
of lad to consider it and just think
don't dismiss it entirely and anyway
that's completely off the point that's
not what I was talking about yeah one
thing this convention reminded me is
that how important music is and has been
in kind of continuing the harry potter
community I think it I think it's been
sort of intrinsic to that I think it's
really helped it and witch or wizard
rock panel book it well I went initially
because Lauren was on Exile say hey
Lords on a panel Lauren Fairweather or
five awesome girls and the moaning
myrtle's after oh yeah she's on it so I
went along and then it was actually
really great there are really good
people in panel and discussion was
really good and I was all like just the
fact that was draw kind of involved
everyone more than cuz like i like i
appreciate the people who write fanfic
i'm in all of the view page without pic
and fan out and in order to be with You
wizard work as well obviously but I
won't go out my way to look at fanfic
Afeni whereas woods rockers come at the
soundtrack to it all I know that
certainly since i'm going back all I've
been listening to is like my wizard rock
playlist and I think the songs of this
week i have i have mod songs but the
songs of the travel this week are
certainly a pensive full of unrequited
love and I wish she'd be my witch by
with my Bloods then anything acoustic
and things you stick at all what was
wrong because of the clips you will see
which were amazing because you could
really just feel the energy and feel it
feel the love in every one of those
rooms and every one of those situations
there something about coup stick as well
I'd I don't but this'll be but not
acoustic but I read you know what I'm
saying basically all those things that I
love was a drop and I have so many clips
and i'ma show you them not because they
were all amazing I'm let's stop every
now and then and don't talk right
hey
Oh
Oh
Oh
my
you
you
haha
hey
Oh
here we go and that's all the photos you
gave this video cuz I'm waiting a while
I make another video so keep watching
for more videos with more wizard rock
and roll terminus in them CEO hands over
a Cadbury fudge however over
