hi guys so today I come of age which is
very exciting
I'm 17 today which is yes it's kind of
about time Rooney because being a summer
baby all my friends all have their
birthdays look before I do anything it's
gonna kind of suck missed you when they
were 18 and going out and stuff 17 for
very long time but I quite like being
young in some way it's in some way I
don't know the bad thing is that I'm
having quite for my friends down today
but a lot of them are on holiday right
now so you know give time you take
something I'm gonna value it more when
I'm older and I'm gonna be like one of
the younger of my friends even its who
even thanks it's been a really nice
birthday so far it's sunny still outside
which is still really nice it was so
kind of mooching over terminus I I
really just miss everyone so much I've
put up a bunch of my photos I don't know
why you can see so you've got loads in
the middle there up there all kind of
family room everywhere taking over the
world you could say so now I'm gonna
start talking about my s exams also if
you don't hear that that's fine and also
if you are gonna watch it just so that
you can leave a mean comment or
something then just don't watch it okay
so exam results exam results right now a
s level exam results advanced subsidiary
level exams alts right there coming up
sup what you don't want to it's a big
part of my life I am the school geek I
am you know I love school I love
learning I bow I'm sorry so tragic but I
love all circuits I take and well there
they can be a pain in the ass and hella
stressful and just generally drive me
completely insane for many months in a
year I love them and they mean a lot to
me and I won't go hard and I was very
nervous very very nervous about my exam
results yes oh by the way which was
Mel's birthday so happy birthday Melanie
if you're watching this for yesterday
and this time yeah actually have to kind
of have to do maths you have to add up
your three
it's for each of your force of well five
it's like general studies of your
subjects and if it's above a certain
score then it's a certain mark so if
it's above it's out 300 in total it's
called euromast universal marking score
I think was something and if it's above
200 40s and a and a is the highest you
can't get a stars
the first result as though is actually
my geography one which was scary coupe
on one of the papers I've got a C and I
was really really cut in nervous but
then I saw that only another paper I got
120 at 120 so I was like I got full
marks and diamonds have changed that was
the one you know it wasn't the hardest
one physical was the hardest but it was
like there was a lot tonight the
dynamics of change and it was really
scary I said you got formats and that
was crazy
I'm gonna add it up for remarks I got
259 that was 300 which is an a so got
one over there general studies are quite
remember exactly what I think I'm
something like two hundred forty eight
in total so that's an A in that one as
well I did really badly on BM like well
I didn't do really bad I got a C on me
so so past the the the science
technology math see paper that I got
full marks in the culture humanities
whatever the one way you basic girl got
to worry about why literature so amazing
why it's so important in our lives and
why it kind of I didn't it was quite
free way and I felt filled up a copy and
there's a spare paper writing about how
much I love books and the things that
they mean to me and I talked about Harry
Potter I talked about with you for
Alaska speaking of rich and I don't
think I just talked about everything
and like the importance of books in our
lives and that's something I can't
remember the question was exactly I have
a look and find a page a quite like that
paper it's about an angel studies as
well so that was really cool he said a
lot of universities don't really take
Gentiles is a kind of stairs option
because you may technically take for a
s's but some schools picked to do
gemstones as well I think they got
certain benefits from the government for
that whatever the importance of the exam
but something that I didn't revise what
if you have the options you talk about
something I love and get an A was
amazing as well as I've got an agent of
studies as well philosophy which was
again another super hard they're all
hard let's be honest well I'm kind of
really annoyed me that one final
like universities brace themselves for a
record level of AIDS and a s and a-level
results like oh I'm sorry we'll stop
working so hard we'll stop being just
clever would you prefer that we were not
studying you're not reading and not
attaining highly like it's not you
wouldn't I do you think that it's
because it sounds easier but I
personally don't believe they are
philosophy I've got 19 out of 102 of my
papers and then in the moral philosophy
paper I got 100 100 so but 280 out of
300 for philosophy which is like a
really high so that was I was very happy
about that and then Spanish beloved
Spanish I got 86 after the 90 was in my
all actually 114 at 120 in my listening
reading writing paper and then a my
reading and writing paper book they're
separate papers I got 90 out 90 but
awesome again so that all added up to
290 which is again a really high a but
the one I'm most happy about because
it's what I wouldn't do for the rest of
my life it's my one true love my passion
my heart's desire in which literature I
was kind of blown away by cuz I already
knew I had 90 out of 19 from my
coursework which was on how sympathetic
is Shakespeare's portrayal of
portraiture and I've basically talking
about how it shakes they would perceive
as sympathetic because in Elizabethan
times that concept of feminism was kind
of not so much but at the same time you
think there was a woman on the throne
Elizabeth so it must have been in the
back of everyone's minds so it can't be
dismissed I don't know I kind of went on
the big one but I really enjoyed that
course up so what four months and that
already but um that was one paper the
cold mountain paper because I didn't
like the book and because I just didn't
feel very confident about it because
I've gone I hadn't I've got one in the
whole year in any of my essays and I was
terrified about it and in the exam I got
86 out of 90 which is a very high a the
other tooth the other paper is basically
the two essays I wrote were and school
for scandal which I thought I'd
absolutely wrecked and you were to see
which I thought I'd
right you receive I am Karen I Duffy the
poet and I got 117 at 120 which if you
are mathematic wizard which obviously
I'm not so I use the calculator on my
phone that adds up to 293 that was 300
so out of 300 possible marks English I
only dropped seven which is a hot like
really high and I could not be happier
because I I was so stressed like I was
super stressed and I was you know I see
you and I was like was shaky and nerves
and stuff I was like that times 500 plus
jet lag which isn't fun yeah I'm sad to
tell the camera but he even cares I'm
kneeling on my knees and it really hurts
I know Penry Webber's not made the
videos of terminus that I wanted to I'm
gonna try and do that now or once I've
tidied my room and things like that but
em but they will come they will I just
wanna do a little bit explaining about
some of them and talk a bit as well not
just have clips so PS although I can't
make it to leakycon next year and I'm
really not that happy about that I can
do everything I can to get to ask drowsy
and those difficult now if there won't
be then regardless of the fact that I'll
have to have saved a lot of money for
university which I will start like a
couple of months after as guitars and so
hopefully I'll see some of you guys
there
I mean fingers crossed really I yeah I
can't make it to leak on though which
absolutely sucks
also I didn't talk about the fact that
and wonder brothers have moved the
release of half-blood Prince to July but
doesn't move I kind of support because
they've got beetle this year and they're
quite busy November already so July is a
good month I think I proved July
another thing I prove their motive so
you know not all about money guys the
Leadenhall still haven't gone
