okay it was still living a hot
excitement thing right now the problem
is it's really early in the morning and
you can't be excited without screaming
and like the home world roughly else
England to sleep right now and I'm
against excited and this action i
resonate in some of the facebook faces
today and he's very excited I started
crying because
oh gosh amazing
just
or I want to say if you guys is that if
you ever having a moment when you feel
full or in my moment I mean like it can
be days or it can be months or whatever
when you feel like you can't get out
that you just don't have the energy to
do anything and you feel like you've
never felt so low in your life and you
feel miserable and then no one get
possibly ever understand smitherman even
want anyone take because it feels
different but maybe someone doing that
would get rid of this really horrible
isolated feeling you just gotta hold on
because then days like this come along
and so just so happy and it seven hours
intel i meet Jamie and five days until I
see a huge inspiration when I say
lieutenant in Hamlet my favorite place
where another huge inspiration my life
he funny enough has been dead for about
400 years and then I i get to see people
haven't seen in six months link from the
sunday and them in the few days as well
gonna be really fun with my friends and
stuff and then i read terms where a
range of incredible things are happening
such as things that I can't even think
of that because as I said start crying
but I can say is that friday is going to
be the most epic day ever
with on that note I'm going to final and
then they do a couple of things that I
each day when there before k they arrive
in fact most beautiful tapestry
it's really pretty kaylee privacy
I don't quite know that I've made enough
cake
ok screw
