look at it wouldn't i began to what I
don't know I see bad it funny thing dang
it I always liked start videos and I'm
like oh wait i have yet what okay this
video has 17 parts i'm just guessing she
i come up as I go yeah um hello hello I
saw awkward okay it's weird because like
what I I didn't know like I'll sit down
and I just like start something but yes
i do i'm gonna say i just start talking
and then i cutted yeah about but yeah
it's like you don't really think about
it mm okay i guess this is going alright
hello I'm here yes she is she did I mean
mercy on his room um she didn't quite
make it almost almost my customs is a
little angry at me cuz of the cocaine
she hit him her hat oh yes yeah the hard
i was wearing a hat shoes and the
cocaina didn't bring but i didn't have a
lighter so yeah but whatever i got i got
cool from immigration i got this like
the Mexican Hat dance i drained it was
like dude beneath me he gave me did it
also has this like some random numbers
like hi look and I chose readings do you
got esri Parker's new look hi this is
this is he through immigration um Who am
I speaking to I Vatican woody's details
no they were really she was really
frustrated she's like well how did you
think they were gonna find you I was
like well they're gonna be waiting here
she's like you don't have a number i was
like well no I figured I wouldn't have
to go but then I did have her number so
it was good yep do you like Michael
t-shirt okay me do you have a good
bracelet it's 1k my cool mark the doll
it's for Lizzie and and
it's like random Sarah Jane I know I
better get them all right or I will be
very upset with myself yep and Joel
really excited to read this it's
exciting there's a second one sir photos
yeah i read it on like a quiet air like
look Jules good guys called its
award-winning award-winning so what only
award wing winning is good enough ready
for us seriously I'm meaning it's pretty
uncomfortable it's reminding me when I
went to kiss every time you kneel you
think of the moths ID it's good being
like yeah jesus um yeah this is gonna be
no way just one thing that i dinnae I'm
freaking out about and I think KD
ringside route is the eighth of a whisk
ah yes I didn't tell you know I think
that whatever Sydney Lucas is just like
they did it and what I was talking about
the youtube gathering which we're not
going to we're going to we're gonna be
at terminus I'm not saying it would have
been caught early we won cooking empty
i'm going to the show flying much oh
yeah me too yeah awesome stuff awesome
why do tell me i'm going to you though
but I Desmond yeah I didn't get in them
ready yeah the waiting list I kind of
isn't as ball it is not that one oh yeah
it's butcher yeah but that's gonna be
cool and then Friday Friday
we have it to their big reveals like
focus on Hamlet I days I'm going but I'm
seeing at least three times time like
I'm seeing with my English class and I'm
seeing with my friends in December and
obviously I'm senior friday as well so
it's like I'm knock side for the three
o'clock switchback yeah well goodbye
yeah great maybe just sleep in the
morning nodes and the gathering we got
him and then but like Paris Paris and I
shopping Cardiff yes oh we should put
tickets much you should well you've got
you booked parts yeah I should get
change and more painful being I was like
see Alex day if I have a nap and alex de
de oh yeah I was actually thinking Alex
lower dice d oh I was thinking I was
like I say look like what about anything
it felt like I wait you're very
inconvenient name when it talked when it
comes to talking about days nowadays
they'd come on Oh dad how long happen uh
full minutes goodbye should we just like
randomly cut it here yeah yeah bye guys
I don't see you on say 10 we can say
that at the same time hey I'm Greer do
it one too thick I lon dia long time
