hello everyone I am back and this time
here to talk to you about a film that I
saw a couple of months ago in cinemas
and absolutely loved
that's the film arrival this video it's
going to contain spoilers so so so many
spoilers please it watch unless you've
watched the film I love science fiction
I particularly love space and one of my
all-time favorite films is contact which
stars Jodie Foster and is based on a
story by Carl Sagan it arrival with C
Amy Adams character Louise at the center
of the story and in fact most of the
story is seen through her perspective I
mentioned recently I think in my video
about rogue one that there's a trend at
least a trend that I've been perceiving
recently where women are more developed
and they're better written female
characters however you often find them
in a world where there's the only women
as if they their strength could it be
represented without showing them
contrasting against you know other women
it has to be only against men like
that's how you understand the character
strength one thing I really appreciated
about arrival is that while it does
represent these spaces that are kind of
hyper masculine women are throughout
this film women are on the radio they're
in the classroom in fact most of the
initial voices and including like
surrounding hub of that you hear in the
first portion of the story are women /
spaces when you put it in this film we
see her home particularly her living
room time and time again the layout of
the living room very closely mirrors the
environment in which she first
encounters Abbott and Costello the
aliens and Mary's is kind of quite word
here because there's glass windows that
look out over a lake like some selves
being reflective and there was a big
idea of like reflection and mirroring
and doubles which you know I love I love
good double once we've seen her home her
stage we see Louise as a new mother with
a tiny little baby the fee on earth
takes the baby away from her and that
she said has to come back to me and is
handed back the baby then the firm cuts
quickly between these scenes of the
child growing up and these brilliant
face straight to camera shots that I'll
talk a bit more about in a second and
then too quickly we are back in the
hospital bed scene between daughter and
mother except it's a sea
of loss and grief and she repeats come
back to me but this time there's a loss
full of grief its despair because her
daughter has died it's this moment in
which maybe we were first hinted at to
may be perceive time is not functioning
in the way we'd expect because our
expectations of mothers and daughters or
they too often sadly this is not the
case is that mothers should not have to
bury their daughters our parents should
not have to bury their children time
here whose not functioned as we would
necessarily expect so from the initial
part of story you're set up to regard
Louise in this sense she is a woman who
has lost a child she has a certain kind
of grief that is a certain kind of
something on her identity we are given
all of these other signals about what
that's supposed to mean and every way
because of the way the film was set up
every way we interact with her and see
her and perceive her and collect all of
these little parts of her behavior as
kind of identify as are in relation to
that only piece of information which
seems to have been signaled as a key
piece of information about who she is so
you know every moment of all she's quite
quite actually quite researched she's
struggling quite and inside she has a
told very many people she's isolated
that all comes back to the because of
moment it's well maybe it's because she
lost her child and those signals are
draw now or contradicted throughout the
film but those only moments are
extremely important so for me it's
really interesting that the big starts
like that and then in some ways makes
you challenge and doubt that narrative
throughout because you understand a bit
more about what's going on very slowly
as the film teases out I'm already
dancing around the timeline but this
seems thematically appropriate of this
film so going back to those first shots
the daughters say I hate you looking
directly at the camera that's
confrontational straight to camera
putting you the position of Louise but
is one of the first on very very many
scenes throughout the films where we see
Louise looking straight to camera so
again you have the daughter and the
mother having
inhabiting the same kind of physical
positioning but when Louise lips rich
camera one of my favorite scenes is when
she is watching the news in the
classroom and after the student asked
her to change to a news channel and you
see her reaction you hear the news and
in fact most of the news and radio and
so on is or female voices and female
hosts and female presenters but you see
how watching it rather than watching the
news itself and it's trusting that
performance I think that there is
throughout this film so much trust in
Amy Adams performance and so much work
there and trust in the shot and not
relying on embellishing that through
other forms of exposition relying on her
performance which is such a mark of
respect and I think also gives you a
measure of respect and Trust in the
character themselves that is backed up
by the respect that the character has
given throughout like her authority is
never really properly called into
question by the audience from the outset
she's a lecturer she has that point of
respect of walking to a classroom and
even though she doesn't have very many
students because of those pesky aliens
she's in that I am the person with the
knowledge sort of position and she
speaks commandingly if quietly she
speaks with that level of authority
throughout its women newsreaders and
women on the radio and women in the
background that we hear a lot of women
as points of information as delivering
the news is this an abundance of women
or is this just accurate representation
of the world the first other key role in
this film who we meet is colonel Webber
and we meet him in her office and he is
someone who projects Authority he's
played by Forest Whitaker he walks into
a room and physically is standing up but
she is sitting down and he's commanding
he's you know he's an army man he's
emerged
he presents that and both the scenes
where this to me is most clear however
were in her office and then in her home
and if a bit later on you immediately
see the power shift or at least kind of
spread out dispersed a little bit she
takes some of that for herself at least
the dynamic in the room she has
pragmatic approaches and quick and
knowledge or approaches to his questions
and she also intimates that she's a
little bit hungry and curious for the
job she sort of says well the balls in
your court
that here is my situation and here is a
question you can ask the next person
that you're going to approach she just
she's comfortable and assertive in her
knowledge of her subject without
necessarily playing it in the terms that
he's otherwise used to and that's maybe
why he comes back to her little bit
later on when kind of whether the visits
her home he stands in the doorway and I
don't really think that I think that
only one other character goes into her
home that's be enjoying rolling around
his character and that's at the very end
that you see him kind of in little bits
and pieces you see the daughter there
and she's there but otherwise it's
definitely her space and I feel like he
is not just framed in the doorway
because it's like a powerful start some
impressive starts back by the helicopter
but also because there is this division
these this kind of war building
throughout the film and who you see pass
in and out of these spaces and what
those divisions kind of mean it's really
interesting to me so she passes back
through out the door to get to the
helicopter he doesn't come into her
space on the helicopter where we first
meet in that's kind of a place of limbo
it's a place between the point of origin
and the destination it's hanging
somewhere in the middle communication
here is difficult and it says situations
that is sort of unfamiliar to her she
doesn't know to put the headphones on
his microphone on to hear what people
are saying even when she has a
headphones on communication between
these two characters is difficult
initially and that's represented by the
cuts back and forth there's not this
immediate shot of communication between
the two it's one person talks the other
person
then one person talks and the other
persons and in some ways it's kind of
like the meeting of language and science
both of whom think that their subject is
the most important starting point for
embarking with this new level of
communication with this other being and
both representing two kinds of language
now it's interesting throughout the film
is seeing those mix and mesh together
and seeing how similar and interlinked
they are as the characters also become
closer throughout the film but there's a
great representation of this flashing
forward a little bit when they're in the
army base and she rubs off some of the
science Chad talk about the language and
even though it seems kind of hostile to
the science it seems like it's erasing
it removing it deleting it removing its
value it's these two things coexisting
and she explains the language in quite a
mathematical diagrammatical sort of way
and almost like she's also using that
same stage of science to talk about
language so contrasting the way that
that's set up initially and then the way
that that shot later and most often shot
together usually with her looking away
what he looks at her lovingly and easily
that it's just an interesting physical
analogy to the sorts of themes that are
being discussed throughout the film this
film is full of wolves wolves as
obstacles to communication to
interpersonal relations to this
understanding and approach to someone to
this perspective you see all these wars
in different ways you see them in the
sense of her in her house looking out
the lake you see them in the plastics or
vinyl pools that she pulls through to
get out of the army base you see them in
the rigid lines of the army base itself
but you first the first time I really
took note of them is when this
helicopter is going through the clouds
and approaches the spaceship and it felt
like some kind of veil of understanding
like she was passing through into some
other world that sure initially focuses
on her face on her reaction first you
don't actually see the spaceship first
you see her reaction
and then the shot passes over and pans
over towards the spaceship and you are
allowed time to process it but having
seen her reaction to it you were always
considering the spaceship in the way
that she did and you have learned to
look at it with her perspective and with
her understanding so you start to look
at things in the mind of a linguists in
the mind of someone whose job it is to
go here and translate what the aliens
are saying and understand them and add
some note but you're an outsider to it -
at least for me it felt like a very
comfortable and natural position to
inhabit as a viewer and kind of let the
story happen but also be approaching it
with an inquisitive mind for sure the
juxtaposition of the predominantly male
army base where are things rigid and
then the softness of the ship itself
which doesn't have hard lines which
looks like a massive stone where gravity
doesn't function in the way that you
would necessarily expect it to you where
the rules aren't set and the way we've
been taught things work things matter
things function where someone else's
time determines when you see them in
that mill environment Colonel Weber is
this sort of bridge he again provides
this Authority he doesn't need to
provide that to us because we have now
accepted her authority but he does need
to provide that to this army environment
and yet that's mostly accepted as
matter-of-fact
but not entirely and he says this is dr.
Lewis banks and she'll be heading your
team there is a moment right before that
they were the doctors giving her an
assessment and asks if she's pregnant
and that question as the audience we
assume is a traumatic question and we
see her reaction to it because we've
been given this information at the
beginning that we think is of her past
but it's in fact her future but it did
make me think about the body as
identifiers and and separating her in
this very
visible way from the people around her
and marking her is different because
that question doesn't apply to Ian it
applies to her
so the spaceship itself when you first
look at it it reminded me a lot of the
James Terrell piece that I saw with John
at LACMA which was unbelievably
beautiful but completely mess with your
mind it's this huge light room and the
lights change color and you just lose a
sense of where the edges and you almost
want to fall into it it's tantalizing
but also really messes with your head
and I've had that impression it made me
think that they probably had seen that
these two or you know similar pieces if
the one that Drake ripped off for
hotline making and yeah it's that kind
of space that kind of light and that
also gives you a sense of even though it
seems to be initially quite rigid
boundaries this boundaries soften and
you stop getting you change your
perspective of things because of the way
that light and the space work but you're
also not in control of the way that room
is lit to and you kind of are aware that
you're not really seeing everything but
there are things there to be seen and
the harder you look at it the less real
it gets and the less sure you are of
yourself and your positioning and the
way you consider yourself and that's
something to me really highlighted the
blurring of all of the boundaries
involved and all of the ways and the
expectations and the identifiers that we
came into this with as well as the way
perspective works and the way you think
of language and the way you think of
your life experience in her approach so
communicating with them she is the first
person who is there holding the sign
that says human the first person they
identify as human as a woman and that to
mean something about that gave me this
thrills that seeing that scene with this
woman holding up the sign that says
human it just went in so many different
directions to me it was like that ink it
just was an entire circle in itself of
meaning and it was powerful to see that
and see that her standing there
kind of ambassador for humanity she
could present an idea in a different way
because of her skill and her talent but
and also the trust and authority that
she had been given but then also the
etruscan authority that she had taken on
and she is removing these wars she is
removing these physical walls from
herself the suit and she is showing
herself and having direct communication
with them as well as being the first
person to declare her humanity she's the
first to declare her own name and her
own identity and to touch the wall and
she's the person who gets the weapon or
tool from that direct contact and then
later from her interaction when she asks
for the new weapon for the knowledge we
see her in her working environment in
this space and now the space doesn't
seem so alien she doesn't seem so
separate from it even though she's
putting on her headphones and listening
to the sounds and experiencing these
very traumatic dreams and visions she is
within that team and she is highly
regarded within that team and she's
almost working as an architect like the
way she's graphing all of the images the
way she's connecting them she is putting
together this presentation of an entire
language and by association an entire
culture and approach to the world I love
the way she explains the different
approaches to this whether if you
approached her as learning chess and in
matter of winning and losing then the
whole way we think about language would
change so already she's giving us an
idea of how the way we talk about
language and the way we teach people
affects the way we think about broader
concepts that's pointing to the
conclusion of this or the big aha moment
in this when you realize that it's about
time that also signifies the importance
of teachers and teachers has been
traditionally seemed as quiet or nice in
recent years not all forever always
certainly but in recent years
teachers are traditionally seen as a
female role quite domestic role
especially primary school teachers and
it's often some scene of something to be
dismissed rather than this crucial role
in framing our approach to things so
teaching of language itself is an
ideological practice and so being there
at that state of kind of infancy of
learning is a real role of power but it
also is a tool of diplomacy and it's in
framing it in these ways she is doing it
she's enacting this move of diplomacy
I'm sort of setting the terms for that
communication that's again reinforced
when they shut down communication
between the bases and she says we need
to be talking to each other there's so
much more I want to say but I'm going to
start wrapping this up shortly the other
things I will say is that the first
words often spoken are mum or moan or
something of that form and that's part
of why I find their representations over
and over again of mother and daughter
really interesting often times there's a
binding moments of language you see her
in bed a lot and these moments of like
quiet intimate comfort but they're not
necessarily like sexy lounging around
bed the bed is a place of recharging but
then also for her a place of trauma and
tragedy at certain points in her life
there's something about the bed but I
haven't quite put my finger on but that
to me seems extremely important I mean
it's also the place where she's having
these visions and she's experiencing
things in a different way maybe it's
that when we're sleeping when we're
dreaming our mind reorders our thoughts
and memories in different ways and we
see images in different orders and we
are told a different story about our
experience in fact some experiences that
have never happened we think have never
happened
some connections we never would have
made otherwise so maybe dreaming is the
kind of language in of itself and that's
why the bet is an important seem place
location I'm running out of words now
myself and of every scene of her with
general Shang I think the things general
Shang Paris this communicator and this
diplomat her in this mode tying the
pages and finding knowledge that she'll
need and her in the future in this Boris
moment of achievement the shot starting
on her she's still by herself and she's
still in this point of para she's being
approached and she's been affect and
recognized for her work but also given
the tools that she needs in the past to
complete what she's doing it's just such
a beautiful scene I absolutely love it
but I hope you enjoyed this I'd love to
hear your thoughts on any of this
whether there are agreements or
disagreements are the films in which you
found some of these patterns and just
your thoughts on Oscar season overall I
really want to make a women on screen
video about hidden figures that's
probably going to be the next one that I
do and I'll see you tomorrow actually
with a collaboration I filmed over
Christmas with Lex croucher very
exciting all right sees you but
