hey isn't it fun to their clothes from
three different fandoms so basically my
exams are over so that means that you
weren't getting any more vision videos
and if i randomly feel like doing
youngstarr the moment philosophy I've
really really really got into a panic
about before english i was worse before
but philosophy i was just like really
pay I was just walking around stick from
center garden reciting quotations for
myself and then I managed to remember
most of them and use the morn in my bed
and my third hour of what and I thinking
went really well i had a rigid well the
first paper was quite hard but the end
the third paper i think which was the
one who's worried that Sartre went a lot
better than I thought because the
question was something like was
something about freedom it was them
critically assess such as knew that men
are man is free which is fun it's great
it's great to rip them to shreds it's
great fun and I like to promote freedom
I think it's really interesting so yeah
that was really cool so now for you
except of course really like as you can
see because I want to keep doing this
everywhere their hair I want to keep
doing this I couldn't look like a claw
my hand is just a kinks I've been
writing total it something like 15 hours
worth of constant Martinez three hours
lots at a time my arms just like this
just like 40 wolf but teeny tiny little
rest is where I haven't been
strengthened my wrists it's very bad
very bad indeed but here is some whole
thing during my exams I haven't been
able to read because if i read gonna get
into a book and then that means i'm
definitely not revising and I'm
definitely not reading comrades and so
now I have like this massive part of
book which isn't only numbers like very
round a teeny everywhere he was
something to read and I was in a
bookshop that I don't normally go into
because I like to support independent
bookshops as much as possible because
I'm a cool person like that and that I
went into one because I looking for a
revision guide this was like a week ago
and i found this 13 mythili envelopes
Chris it envelopes are never sailed with
envelopes Duchess clear envelopes
something by it there just makes it
envelopes that's very not fearful
American books as well they're amazing
must have it Kaylee sent me em the time
traveler's wife as well as I reporter
for my birthday in August slaughter and
feel the move it to me
ding I mean when I go to Chicago did 10
myths which I have pretty much all my
money for I mean I've saved a ridiculous
amount of them spending white which is a
pretty good advice so much stuff and one
thinks I'm gonna buy I mean I think I'm
definitely gonna buy a copy of looking
for asking because i love the American
cover absolutely love it and then only
by like all of maureen johnson books and
then i'm going to buy a show me some why
like a lot cards i have a good polish
here like the disreputable history of
frankie land our likes and just I'm
gonna go crazy at all I have like these
long list and Britain's really good with
young adult fiction it's such a shame I
mean what they do publish is generally
really really good then it kind of shun
it I really want to start up a
publishing house which basically
specializes in a notebook so ambition
that would be amazing I mean I'm on it
I'm not that interesting because it kind
of tricks books is like business
money-making property while there than
creative flow from your mind and self
expression of your heart's desires 0 or
something and which is how i see i have
such passion for books but i would love
yeah I would love to really live set the
nomadic market going would be really
cool anyway that was like dozin off into
that little fancy so yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah yes this is yeah found it in in
popular book store which I don't
normally go into and I was really happy
and that yeah they imported it look hey
it's got the separate little price to go
that you're sick of books but even
bordered on par 50 cheaper in America
that's really not bad but I also did
find out actually that in in the States
it takes like a year or more to get a
book out in paperback that's crazy like
here so six months is weird and I can't
imagine I love having bits of paper but
quite like hardback I don't know I'm
kind of running and if you're my voice
is getting kind of fuzzy from I think
walking around and talking about um
quotations and explaining things to
myself and to you faithful viewers
shooting with things from the bank today
it's called the banking code in you it's
my am it was my first like and your
summary thing of like the year and
interest wise and how much tax on paper
I did penny cuz I was I'm 16 I don't
earn enough money over
but it's really interesting to see I'm i
find it interesting and again I'm
freaked how much money goes in and out
of your account I mean there is a
ridiculous our money that went in and
out my account I don't remember having
this much money the next big thing in my
life is University how um and its really
really freaky actually because what I'm
applied for an uni in 15 months the
deadline for applications for things
like Oxbridge and stuff and I want to go
to Oxford it's October 50 and we have
higher education at school soon so
that's really you know shocking scary
terrifying I'm not quite ready to grab
your I was I've cydia min in my school
right before school started the other
day and just those all by myself cuz im
sue in some revision aliens school and
it was as cool as me obviously very
sentimental I mean six years as it's
been now and seven years as it would
have been next year's like a really long
long time I read even miss my school oh
yeah you're depressed now I'm sure
waiting loads of videos cuz why I've
been our exam exam study leave mother
there's been loads of videos I've
watched ivory would meet responses to
and there's videos that generally no
need to make and just everything in my
and yeah I really do that I really every
Muji that items do it was this I also
don't recycle my revision notes there is
the chance that I will have to take
retakes and I feel like we're cycling my
notes as clone tempting fate really
hurts so there's stuff out there I make
a min of my maps about the strengths and
weaknesses of all these different
philosophies and staffing old si si van
Morrison know my math so there's like
lesson but I didn't really do anything
you just drew sake just don't give the
Sun in like a in a reproductive lesson
not much more drug but I love my hiatus
more essays are you we don't care but to
be honest I've been stressed as hell for
the past three weeks at least if not
more so I'm going to show you when it's
so would you yeah how can we Britain
leave approaches frosty
something more pristine more fun things
more glossy mothersvi but my cool ones
are like a little bit I mean that's
English which is now corn balls and
select the schemes of Cold Mountain hope
on I have to look at that again my code
my last question is really what it's all
about describing inland America at the
time and that's great actually it was
really because I got shook about war and
community and religion and how you know
in room was goes very deep and complex
Jeremy which he says this journey would
be Axl of my life but really everyone in
America is going through that kind of
journey whether or not they were feeling
loyalty to the boy and their loyalty to
the war oh it was it was great fun I
chicken laughing jack I get so nervous
about an exam which you know determine
my future and I you'd masking but I'm
sitting down engineering my skin my flow
it's great the formation of c-shaped
valleys can't find my dimensions that
was my favorite thing well I really hope
I'm never gonna have to look at that
again well there are no depression and
anticyclones and everything hold
margaret thatcher's any day what for the
Green Revolution as well hi Dan good
rattling get all these case studies in
matheson desert ah look that is my apple
upside down she over dimensions that I
used to supposedly help me load the
dimensions of different parts of glasses
it does look like a freaky animal
supposedly it helps you remember things
because something about the shape of
something in the brain or something i
don't i don't really early jenny then
that was the one who did the english to
show the connections between the poem so
you've got like husband oblivious to
wife to satisfaction female using sex
and sexuality as a weapon it's great fun
I'm feeling pretty liberated and I feel
like talking to people but because
everyone else Oh might well most my
other friends are still in exams I'm not
redoing things to my an observer but
watch for my idols I'm visiting tomorrow
evening and also your original which
means me I doctor here but it does mean
your vision and it does mean I do
anything so I don't know generally in
life
I would be talking about because hey
that's great yay notice that was such a
random outbursts but I liked give you an
idea these are most most not all of my
concise notes yeah sighs of writing on
some of these notes is kind of
ridiculously small and I was supposed to
know that so don't wonder I'm dressed no
wonder how I just realized from watching
some of this back that I'm i still have
my parallel tied to my tithing I had
perished the first time in ages today
I'll be fun all this later thrown a polo
and then I guess I did before my exam so
I had a polo and wing throughout the
whole exam
