have some strengths and weaknesses of
canton ism strengths again its secular
everyone is treated as a moral end with
dignity and worth or traumas and
rational can't stresses autonomy as how
can anyone be moral unless they make
their own decisions it's a decision
procedure you know your intention but
you don't know the consequences of your
action intention brings up examples like
the widow's mite you can be good no
matter what your rank in society but
consequences not so much the results are
reach faster and you're not that person
due to the consequences you cannot help
goodwill is the only good thing you're
doing your duty surely marathi is not
just based on feelings and can't ilysm
is stresses the importance of reason you
can't ask why should I be rational
because that's reasoning in itself
weaknesses of catechism include that it
is possible to universalize
contradictory things such as do not lie
and lie to relieve suffering can tourism
can tell us in this case what we should
not do but when rules conflicting it
does not tell us what we should do again
there was no ranking system and the
importance of rules at the other end of
the spectrum it ignores consequences
entirely surely you should take him into
account at some point are you not
somewhat responsible for them not our
human nature not to consider the
consequences if a gunman puts a gun to
your head and asked for your friend's
address surely you would realize the
consequences of telling them that
address whether or not you intended them
to die if feeling sympathy for someone
who's falling over and up acting upon it
is irrelevant in making a decision why
is duty reason is dirt should you help
someone have compassion can't describes
how we act will react in an overly
academic command furthermore there's
something wrong with the fact that if
someone helped another fallen over
person upon a hypothetical imperative
than they would be wrong but if someone
did the same under categorical
imperative then they would be right and
under what veggie will orders is doing
your duty acceptable Kant says it's
never unacceptable surely that's
hypothetical doing something because
someone says it's correct can't seems to
be contradicting themselves there's also
the idea that can't ians on two brushes
if a family member asks for help with
euthanasia net clearly in great pain you
said you couldn't possibly because it
wouldn't be doing your duty surely
that's a bit precious countyians are
absolutist and do not consider the
consequences in paris's such as
utilitarian
would say that the a priori aspect
ignores human nature and surely marathi
has something to do with happiness david
hume a philosopher said that reason is
the slave of the passion the reason you
do something is based on the way you
feel about it therefore not everyone can
be reasonable people will always do what
they feel is right or wrong however all
these criticisms of the first
formulation of universal rule but will
the others even provide an answer the
principle of double effect is that for
something to be wrong there must be two
effects you must intend something as
well as doing it the consequences said
it must consider all consequences and
not the intention
