John Stuart Mill and other philosophers
actually the son of a friend of Jeremy
Bentham he came up with classical
hedonic utilitarianism bill was raised
in a completely utilitarian based way
taught that once you decide what to do
based on and the amount of happiness or
pleasure it weeps and he came to the
conclusion that he didn't agree with the
notion that all pleasures are
commensurable that is that two things
could be compared in the same units or
concepts and so on he believed that
there was a distinction in the quality
between higher and lower pleasures
higher pleasures were those of the mind
and spirit such as philosophy drinking
fine wines poetry conversation
literature etc lower pleasures of the
body with things like eating and
drinking just fundamental things not
find one just water and sleeping thats
all thing you can call someone a
competent judge if they are familiar
with a wider variety of pleasures and
mill actually said that if you gave
someone and if you Dave a competent
judge the choice between higher and
lower pleasures but they will always
pick the higher pleasures mill even went
as far as to say that it's better to be
a dissatisfied as human than a satisfied
a pig but main criticism will this is
melz notion that sub 1 a come to judge
will always pick a higher pressure
because it depends it takes them to no
account your situation if you're in the
middle of the desert you're gonna pick
drinking over poetry reciting unless
you're delirious all you know i don't
mind poetry reciting that doesn't
however not very practical so competent
judge won't always pick the higher
pleasure that it you have to think of
the situation and that just stands for
general even if you're not standing the
desert if you're thinking practically
and if you're thirsty you will favor
water over wine and mess with Jesus the
pleasures aren't thus higher and lower
but simply different rule or indirect
utilitarianism is the idea that rules to
maximize happiness are followed we learn
from experience the kind of actions that
in the long run contribute the most to
human happiness for example we learned
that killing and stealing don't
contribute a lot to long-term human
happiness like you might gain tantly
immediately by stealing but the
ramifications of that will come back to
new ad won't be very good and you feel
guilty and rubbish from this with an the
rules do not kill and do not steal more
devout for example is that stealing from
the rich to give to the poor in the
Robin Hood way we can pimp the idea that
stealing is acceptable and being
negative have negative consequence in
the long run because you know if people
start stealing from each other then the
world would just be in turmoil and
there'll be no concept of trust and it
would just wouldn't work a further
example quite relevant to our societies
if you punished an innocent man for
crimes he didn't commit to make everyone
feel at peace because there's like a
serial rapist about or something would
be the kind of act classical way to do
it because it leads to the most
happiness but the role would be do not
punish the innocent even if punishing
him would produce the most happiness
that's rule utilitarianism remedies the
problem of injustice and right however
quite a few criticisms of rule
utilitarianism for one Roy
utilitarianism can't be proper
utilitarianism because you're allowing
other considerations other than you tear
utilitarian mystic values to get in the
way suggestion that there are other
things more important than happiness
which completely undermines the whole
philosophy from the start should we also
ever allow exceptions tools like lying
to save a life as an exception to the
rule do not lie which wall do you choose
when the brawls conflict there is no
priority list to which also following
which was not to follow if you allow
exceptions and if you love priorities
the whole utilitarianism starts to
founder risk collapsing back to act as
rural tourism seems to only have false
when the calculation of the greatest
happiness principle says it should for
example of all utilitarianism could
create a wall that says tell the truth
except we're not telling the truth with
maximize happiness but this is
essentially act furthermore Roy
utilitarianism must be followed rigidly
but surely utilitarianism was created to
keep us away from conventional moral
codes but you're more utilitarian ISM
seems to defend a rigid adherence to the
walls created however rory Chilterns
would say that we shouldn't follow the
words because they are the rules but
because they will lead to good
consequences another problem is the idea
of relativism roles are surely ethically
relative cultural differences lead to
rules such as don't marry outside of
religion finally in morality cannot be
said that one situation is exactly the
same as another you'll never get one
hundred percent the exact same situation
each time our situations are far more
complex and the rules you get for
example in a football match such as foul
as I the penalty line is a penalty so
how can one rule from collection past
experiences be applied to a variety of
future experiences add in a two-level
utilitarianism was a philosophy that
philosopher Richard hair came up with it
says that we use normal thinking for the
most part because our experience has
taught us generally the kind of things
that need happiness Richard hair thought
that true level can explain why gem in
the example of Germany Indians ought to
feel repugnance was action and what you
still ought to do it if we were
Archangels we would have the perfect
ability to see all the consequences of
all the actions us could use a cute
Arianism more classical utilitarianism
all the time but we are promised so we
need well there are two levels of moral
reflection the first level moral
reflection is our customary everyday
morality we'll brought up to have
certain moral feelings reactions etc
which have been found to lead people on
the whole to happiness the second level
moral dilemma is that if the principles
one holds conflict and we go to act
utilitarianism and use the greatest
happiness principle big criticism of
this is that surely this is a meta
ethical theory describing how things are
not Normandy I'm not timing what I
should do but just describing the state
of everything also how do you decide
what's an exception surely the statement
to mostly usable utilitarianism except
when there's a moral dilemma is circular
ideal utilitarianism is another one of
those normative and consequentialist
theories it doesn't go into intentional
made you ever see anything that can't
something assessing in that for its
moral worth are its consequences I dare
you to taryn's and says that we
shouldn't think of welfare preference
happiness or satisfaction but about
promoting intrinsically good things most
utilitarian theories seem to be
extrinsic like promoting extrinsically
good things like pleasures of the body
gee more says that friendships and
aesthetic pleasures are the two most
intrinsically valuable things if we
have to bring about more of these things
by personal affection and aesthetic
enjoyments like going to museum
improving your idea of beauty then we
are fulfilling our duty consequences of
our actions matter the criticisms of
this is that promoting intrinsically
good things can only be applied for a
few situations surely it is not a really
practical view of the world again
relativism comes into play is BG not
ethically relative and what about things
like the sliding scale of friendship I
mean there's obsessive friendship is
that's not good and our friendships and
aesthetic enjoyment the only two good
things I mean some idea you two Terrans
would say that this is only GU Moore's
account of things and there could be
things like love but love again you know
stalkers not good what about things like
knowledge and virtue but the list would
just go on and on and on we don't always
pursue the things that ideal
utilitarianism claims arts are
intrinsically good therefore what would
be our reason for doing so that's
because the sentence it could go to why
should we do it ideal utilitarianism
makes no comment whether correct or
incorrect on what human beings are
actually like and it's not an effective
decision procedure as it does not for
example say where the line to save life
is correct or incorrect and besides
showing this all again collapses back at
utilitarianism and beauty and aesthetic
enjoyment future happiness
