is that enough laughing it everybody
clapping yes that's how we do it
hi everyone and here is Lucy you know
how we would enjoy this just being
single
it's like Hannah and Nina make the truth
about being single they did the video
responses yeah Oh migraine and back
being single it is my primary identity
not when I list all of my identities but
in terms of my relationship status I'm
pretty much the same I've had one
relationship for the twenty years before
that single became a huge part of my
identity I definitely had this like
total comfort in thinking if I end up
like a loan which is like a dumb wife
thing if I end up still single like
that's fine when I go in my last
relationship I remember having real
trouble adjusting to the idea of just
having a new label what was the label
that was it being the girl in the
relationship yeah take him a girlfriend
take it yeah I'm taken like Liam Neeson
something that really freaked me out was
I grew dependent on another person and
you are always dependent on other people
to some extent but never to the extent
that you are when you're in a romantic
relationship mm-hmm that is a dependence
that is completely uncontrollable with
other people you can distance yourself
but because of that emotional other
level of love you become emotionally
dependent and I hated it
yeah oh my god I that's the one part of
the relationship that I hated because I
knew I I knew I'd call him ridiculous
times and I knew they were the first
person I turned to him without them I
would feel worse you're dependent on
another person for your emotional kind
of positioning kind of lean on to each
other you're leaning on something do you
feel like you've gotten back to the
identity and sense of self you had
before or do you think that this has
like changed your perception of yourself
not such a thing to be you I hadn't been
in a relationship so I'm like what tell
me what was it like fellow single person
because single was such a part of my
identity before yeah going back to it
felt like a relief felt like refined in
myself in some way which is so weird but
in it in a culture that values romantic
relationship and long-term romantic
attachment I mean as well as valuing
other things too it doesn't just value
women romance
like monogamous oftentimes
heteronormative attachment I don't know
I just feel like sometimes I'm a bit of
an outlier not being in a relationship
and not being a relationship person yeah
I do being a relationship person to me
has always felt very very alien and even
though I made a video my channel fairly
recently about like how I've never been
in love
and I sometimes like I like to be in
love like that's something I'd like to
experience this was exactly how I felt
it's just like it's a different it's a
different thing
I own a I had a desire to experience a
relationship yeah and to experience you
know proper functional lasting love with
someone but I had no perception on what
that would be so I couldn't miss it
you're told the stereotypes of what
romantic love is meant to be but you you
don't know really but then once you're
comfortable with yourself I think you
have a real like perspective on it and I
assume you're at that point from the
sounds of what you're saying where
you're like I would really like to
experience this it's like a life
experience yes not the response I got to
that and also what I've heard from
people in IRL you've got to just be open
to it and just be open to love and like
give the space let it in and everything
and that's all fine and dandy and I kind
of feel like I am when you have
something that so and it feels sometimes
very in-your-face especially when we get
into our twenties so in your face when
people start I'm dreading the period
where people start getting married oh
yeah it's fun yeah I feel especially
because I really really love all the
people that I know getting married they
want you know friends who've got married
whom like oh I don't like one or the
other I'm really happy for them and I'm
really excited for them but it again
feels so separate and it feels so
separate from on an identity basis as
USA everyone stereotypes and so it's
like oh when someone starts a
relationship they only spend time with
their partner or they get ready yeah
Adam and get more they stay at home more
yeah and on some level that is true I
think for most couples at the point
where they're getting married because
they found a real comfort within that
whereas when you're single you're more
to know you're busier you keep yourself
as busy as possible you don't fall into
routines necessarily as easily even just
that life stage distinguishes yourself
from those people who you're still good
friends with and you still really like
but there's a
a difference yeah now I find that I
definitely find that I definitely find
that I find myself wondering whether
I've picked career over relationship
which is quite a sexist thought in my
head I feel like it's quite a learn to
sexist internalized behavior but I find
myself wondering whether my yeah I did
there's like some choice that I made
some priority that I made that makes me
deficient in my potential to be a
relationship while also owning and
celebrating of being a champion of being
single I say just so many of my friends
like look if you haven't been single for
like seven or eight years if you've done
relationship to relationship to
relationship you have to let yourself be
single for a while and experience that
and make sure you know check in with
yourself not that you can't do that was
in a relationship that being single and
breaking up with someone is an
opportunity to do that even though it
might feel crashing and devastating and
so you know I am a real champion of
being single but I have found that in
this period where I'm surrounded by
relationships and the relationship
identity it does make me question
whether there are choices in my life
that I've made that have led me to yeah
be be yea deficient I guess it's the
word it's something I realized very soon
after getting into my first relationship
was that you just need to meet one
person the whole thing is chance it's
not that people who have a lot of
relationships it's not that they're
easier or they you know everything you
can think of this insulting to that path
yeah yeah I don't know that they are
compatible with more people or that they
are themselves less ambitious or less
less in their career or religion you
know just come across people they can be
relationships with when you're in a
relationship with someone you're in a
relationship with them for usually a
while so you're not missing anyone else
you could be in a relationship with
usually within that time and you forget
that they've met one person in that year
crunching will be your sinking mmm-maybe
okay I belong after walking round
machine oh my god Lucy come on you know
your thoughts put them in your brain
even some of those one person every
whatever they'll be terrible people oh
yeah and you'll have horrible ink
with them and that's just a part of life
as well so really your your chances of
meeting someone but you are like you
know it's going to be small but that's a
good thing it means that we're all on
the same page here it's not that someone
else is incredibly desirable this is
like saying a lot and it's also me
saying things that advice that I do for
a bit like letting your perception of
the situation and your perception of
yourself and your insecurities fill in
the blanks in the situation yeah yeah if
you're seeing your friend you're like my
sister getting loads of dates what
because she's prettier than me and she's
this I used to do this with my weight oh
yeah at the time that's I always used to
compare myself to my housemates
especially it's like that doesn't make
us different I was I was talking
to you see the evening after New Year's
when I would like had a weird emotional
evening follow me on twitter you'll see
but I had some New Year's like I was
wearing you know I was wearing great
outfit I had my friend of my hair I like
was excited to see my friends but I like
there was one moment when I looked
around the room and I was like oh my god
I feel massive I hate myself this is
terrible I'm just saying all of these
awful things to myself and then again
weirdly like when you have that
background radiation almost of like if
you're not in a relationship then you're
inadequate in some way and then you look
around you see all these people in
relationships and then I'm inclined to
anyway regardless of dress size and so
on see all of the people around me is
bloody goddesses yeah I look around I'm
like well of course these people have
found people because they were bloody
amazing and I'm not and then I'm just
like small shrinking flower new genders
like crush yourself inside it's just bad
for yourself yeah and it's not
productive and also it's not how anyone
else sees you and I think that's what
you obviously can't make yourself see
things objectively just going to be kind
yourself though I'm realizing very fast
that people don't actually think about
weight as much as I think about weight
yeah they don't even notice it on other
people as much as I notice about myself
and I only know that from being in a
relationship and realizing very early on
that I didn't care what he looked like
yeah like on that like on a physical
level I was just like
in love from shop to shop sizing is
different oh yeah what we attach to
these numbers that have no relation to
our actual size really oh god no no just
numbers that people have picked and I
see this about like sometimes what I go
into like fanciest stores just try
things on then their size and will be
different because it will favor like a
smaller range of numbers or sometimes it
will be different because it will
exclude a larger into numbers all sorts
of things these are all just false
numbers that doesn't mean that you're
silly for being up in here or for
attaching and security to it or anything
because it's it's a bigger problem than
you and again that's another example of
like being harsh yourself being like I'm
such idiots for following along with
this thing yes but you just gotta kind
of like if you can just reject that
system valuing it because that stuff
doesn't say anything about you that
stuff isn't in any means the first 10
things someone would say about you now
exactly and when it comes to attraction
even like as a single person who likes
dating yeah that's not that's not
relevant so vastly less relevant than
what weight you place on it you'll feel
like you pay some weight
yeah the way the way you see yourself I
guess yeah and I think that there's
something about being single in the
dating app era when you have all of
these sort of like profile identifiers
that I like I'm this and I'm that I'm
this and I'm that and I'm not this and I
am this and I'm not this on I am this
yeah and you have to give a resume of
yourself almost you really do and it's
work like it's characterizing yourself
as what is your single identity and then
what is your dating identity and a lot
the time I think that can reinforce
these ideas of like alright well I you
in the bracket of people earning this
much money and I'm how would you
describe your body type behave as a
gentleman it's like really cushy or
something like that like it's just like
it's so frustrating because it's all of
these things that say that this is what
we should be placing valuable we meet
other people let alone when we look to
date other people
yeah when really like on a day-to-day
basis that's not actually the case
and if it becomes the case then you have
a conversation with the person you're
dating because that shouldn't be a
central value and no I think if he even
gets mentioned really oh yeah no I do
get heart now it's just not I agree but
I know that everyone's relationships are
complicated and everyone's like yeah
brain is complicated but to me it's like
it's a hard-and-fast unacceptable
yeah a friend of mine in New Year's was
talking to me about some of the things
men had said to her when she was naked
in front of them and I was absolutely
gobsmacked that these people existed and
it's not people she would have a date in
a million years but it's people who were
drunk people who are who are fickle and
have this like complete like that level
of judgment on physical appearance
mm-hmm but those aren't the people
you'll be dating is what I realized as
well straight after that cuz yet no she
was saying they say stuff like oh you're
really fit for your size oh God yeah and
I think that's what sometimes scary but
is it really that I'm just scared to be
vulnerable in front of someone like is
that is that what game I'm single and I
kind of like had a conversation with
myself
yeah that's Tara first I'd realize that
no that's not the case but that does it
does have an impact and just play a role
how naked you can be in all senses in
front of someone else yeah that's very
true but I think it's one of those
things at least knowing you as a friend
you are a very open person and you're
very fluid in the ways that you can be
and very flexible in the ways that like
I don't know you just are a flexible
kind of person I think and because I
only comes to actual flexibility because
I can't touch probably with okay I think
yeah you're a very flexible person and
an open person and you're open and
interested in dating and so from that if
someone's kind of good enough in some
ways or like you're compatible enough
and you like them if you want to let
them into your life you will yeah hi
Daddy I think you're probably closed off
until you've met someone and begun to
trust them we saw a lot of people some
of whom were very close to us we take
advantage of our trust and that to me I
think has just increased in importance
that also might be another part of it
like I think that the impact seeing and
experience saying people abusing abusing
trust and using intimacy and abusing
vulnerability abusing the automatic
trust you have in an older person
oh yes and who is recognized like that
to me is something that I think wouldn't
in that has naturally contributed to
that but then on the other hand I think
a way of coping with that has been
celebrating the single identity and
celebrating meeting lots of new
different people because that has been a
way of healing that in the sense like
there's lots of different good people in
this world yeah there are also those
assholes who say that to your friend but
there are many brilliant wonderful
people with that's men women none gender
binary whoever yeah like there are good
people there and I think that that to me
has been healing so maybe it's also like
I've just not been there yet because
I've had to like reintroduce myself to
men as a concept and through all of what
did someone say to me the other day they
said you're you don't grow when you're
comfortable in all times of like trauma
and distress and pain is an important
thing to remember because yeah
throughout seeing all of the all of the
awful abusive trust and power that we
saw you also learn from that and you
learn in lots of ways and and hopefully
with like good support and good therapy
you learn not to close yourself off but
you learn instead to like recognize
signs and open yourself up and and
educate other people - oh my god - but
and notice things and set boundaries
early on is something I'm really
learning is like establish how you feel
about certain things early on
interesting good yeah sure you're never
responsible for those situations I mean
I really like discussing you were like
oh yeah your name I came for interesting
to discuss and then we just got into the
deep snow we weren't really hardcore we
were very emotional as well we haven't
would like sex yeah maybe sex is part
part two next time I'm here yeah maybe I
okay remind after your dating
extravaganzas oh yeah you don't know
about this yet but over some dating
extravaganzas this might match your food
series I like that so much
Thanks are you doing another one soon
yeah I've recorded a lot of December but
then my hard drive fails well no I can
hide right Thank You Jay I'm trying to
get the footage back from that and then
if not I'll just undoing January's next
one yeah yeah oh my god
I want to go back we also made a video
Lucy's channel and you can find the info
in the description bar below too but
let's chat more about this in comments
because I just love to hear your
thoughts I mean I knew that we had there
was a lot of response to that the other
video I made about relationships thank
you very much for joining me Lucy thank
you for having me and it's been lovely
it has been thing I'm great we'll see
you soon bye
