so you got some snow to know accumulates
in a process called alimentation
gradually it turns into ice crystals
through a process called innovation as
it continues to accumulate increased
pressure leads the ice crystals to
become compressed ice pellets which are
called fun as is normal phone and
usually gets up to about 13 meters this
pressure expels all the remaining air in
all the spaces left there's pressure
melted water which produces this kind of
blue heavy dense ice which is Alice
which is called glacial ice in terms of
input stores and outfits the input is
the process of accumulation the net gain
of mass on alacea can be called the
advance accumulation having many in
upper regions of a glacier during the
Cold times of the year and this can
happen when it precipitates due to snow
avalanches from the higher areas around
the birth year due to wind blowing snow
from other places due to weathering due
to the refreezing from atwater good
regulation the stores is the glacier
itself the output is a process called
ablation net loss of mass of the glasses
called them treat ablation happens due
to evaporation sublimation which is when
the sauna goes straight to a gas without
party through liquids and it's ice to
vapor it can happen when there's ice
locks for tea with this snow which is
the front of the better they could be
melting on the surface on the internal
part and on the base of the glacier so
it can be bred from the surface as well
and this cannot be weathering whether
one of the letters welcome me to loss of
mass but this happens in the lower
altitude parts de gracia and during the
walmarts there is also a theoretical
line because there's the zone of
accumulation in the top part de gracia
and the zone of ablation in the memo
part of the classic that nurses they
look through your reticle line where the
levels of how much ablation how much
accumulation are about equal in an ice
age the line of equilibrium will move
more towards ablation which means that
there be more accumulation if
accumulation is greater than relation so
the line of equilibrium is towards the
snow then it's during winter if the line
between ilysm
walk towards the top of the glass here
and in celebration is greater than
accumulation then it's their net
ablation and it's some almost eighty
five percent of the world's ice is
locked up in the Atlantic I street and
an ice sheet and mass of ice which he
relates in mountain regions and kind of
covers or all of the relief features
herbal most of them at least and it
spreads out to lower lands where value
glass usable and ice caps are the parts
of the ice maps that's it over the land
and the ice sheet go out over the sea
and that's what the Atlanta by sheet
it's good it goes a little to see
valleys lasya is basically I said that
extend out from the ice at the bath of
ice in the Highland but it's confined to
a valley Piedmont last year as a gracia
that joins with other buses and forms I
don't like globes I described as lobes
of ice on the ice blames a hang on glass
yeah it's kind of like when you get
triple cheese with a river when there's
a glacier hang on to the main valley all
the kind of tributary of last year's
fill up with ice but there's asteroids
and straight lines because the
gravitational potential energy is less
than that of rivers because solid
brothers in a liquid perler glasses and
template glasses holy ones are found in
all the Pee Wee's once you've got
Greenland and Debbie and tark tech ice
caps for example easily really really
really really really slowly because they
can only move by internal flow they're
dry based and that's why they can remove
my turn effective spreads into the rock
surface all year an internal flow also
happens in temperate passes the
temperate glasses are found in sub polar
regions such as Scandinavia and they're
wet based and he glides slowly across a
layer of lubricating pressure melted
water and then move a lot faster than
polio gracias faster and salmon and may
be subjected to two charges which means
that they move loads of meters in a day
and but yeah the velocity of movement is
dependent upon a season and there the
faster the faster is towards the middle
of the ratio where there is the least
friction and they actually move because
there's increase in ice mass so
therefore there is more accumulation
whether or not the pleasure is woman
will call
therefore whether its temperate or polar
determines the pressure melting point
and whether or not it is to be achieved
and the pressure melting point is
basically a temperature at which ice
becomes a liquid under pressure on the
surface at sea level I think the
question of the point is zero degrees c
and at the base of the glass here due to
the weight of the glacial ice above the
pressure melting point decreases below 0
degree C so in temperate regions I
superbly ice at the base food place you
can melt at a temperature below zero and
creates a lubricating layer of Mount
water so to put it more succinctly
melting occurs when pressure is applied
and freezing cars when pressure to move
and when when the pressure is removed
and it freezes it's called regulation so
you've got that's taken my cheap old
phone all right you want my throat this
is a like a lump in the glacier and the
glacier is going over here like this so
there's loads of pressure on this side
so this is all like super frozen and as
you go over here there the pressure is
removed from this side so this is the
regulation air and as he gets minus one
point six degrees C which is the
temperature that melted autumn melts at
under two kilometers of ice instead
about 0 degree C water can actually only
flow up a hill up a hill and when it's
under hydrostatic pressure which is when
it's Falls from behind up and over here
by Glacia and so if it has enough weight
behind it can be pushed up and over on
donations so let me explain a little bit
about how the glace actually meets we
already mention internal flow at the
only way by which / no gracias move
Burgos commute from 10 up to 10 or 20
meters a year it sounds very cold
climates but because ice is still fluid
is not liquid crystal fluid there are
these kind of layers inside it because
ice towards the surface of the glacier
or move because of gravity extra still
that gravitational pull and the ice
crystals inside it will align
selves so that it's a solid structure
slides across the layers which is called
in terminal deformation as the surface
ice moves choruses can form over time
because the solid is being pulled apart
and at the top there is more movement
and at the bottom because at the bottom
there's so all this friction and also
yeah it's all frozen tomato the warm
base places they move in different ways
basal sliding fast basal sliding happens
which was the one that we talked about
for which is when the pressure melted
water at the base act like a lubricant
so that the glacier can advance and if
there are big boulders at the base of
the glacier and might creep forward
creeping is 1 to 2 meters a year because
of the increased friction but if it's
hot or due to global warming or whatever
it can surge add up to a hundred times
its normal rate because of the
increasing amount of the lubricating
layer of Fortune rotational flow which
is when a glacier forms in like a
bowl-shaped hollow inside of a mountain
the basic moves in like a rotational
motion and it can form a quarry which
offer quite a bit later and over time
they letting me go over the lip of the
quarry which allows the quarry gracia to
feed a valley glacier which follows as
the ice is added to the top depressor
rotates and the pressure at the front of
the hollow leads to pressure melting
extending and congressional oh when the
gradient of the valley changes so when
it less it advances and comes to a point
where the valley is less steep and the
isolate will slow down and become their
car because it's all company push
together so that's a compression part
and extending flow is when the gradient
of the valley increases the ice over the
edge of the drop will pull away faster
and the ice behind it which makes that
kind of stretches the Glassic the gusty
out making it there and this can lead to
the formation of classes is literally it
kind of pulled apart so think of a mars
bar and then you like breaking apart
yeah we did that in a mess and phyllis
fun it's a great time erosion is usually
the greatest where the ice is the
thickest because this is where the
largest amount of weight is acting with
all the rocks below there are two
kind of three overarching factors that
influence placing movement one of them
is the steepness of Valley slope because
there's a steep the slope the more
extension will occur and if it flattens
out or if it reverses it's a slight
brother then compression plate blocker
and the second kind of two and three
part is the rolling movement or two
which acts as a lubricant the mix the
ice granules and more mobile and the
amount of water is dependent on season
because there might be natural melting
and there's also a different type of
precipitation around the year and I go
how much accumulation is happening and
the region and whether it's a a
temperate or paradise Iannucci like the
pressure melting point interpret
bacteria or no push melting point in a
pane of glass here because as we know
now the base was frozen this is by no
means the end of white lady religion I'm
doing it in different units of my unit
and you'll probably see about 500 videos
for me today because this really helps
me revise
