as some of you may know on the first
mayor were all these elections around
the UK and the big one that I was most
interested in being a citizen of London
was the london mayoral election and I
made my feelings last election quite
clear at the end of the Nicholas
Erickson is not a nerdfighter video
Boris Johnson the one referred to as a
joke actually ended up winning the
election ken livingstone came second and
Brian paddock third and guess who got
sixty nine thousand votes and now has a
seat in the GLA yeah that would be the
BMP I'm hoping very much that was a
protest vote I'm try not to be negative
about Boris Johnson I'm trying to say it
look I'm going to give you a chance if
you blow it away much hope that all my
feelings but from have been entirely
wrong and that he will impress me I
didn't have if you fail so that you know
so that I can be proved right whatever
because at the end of the day I'm like a
direct result of whatever whatever
stupid or correct decision that he
chooses to make I'm just quite
apprehensive about everything is real
really bad day for labor and perhaps
they needed that as much of a leaning
towards labour ish person I am there
have made quite a few cock-ups recently
so hopefully it will be a kick up the
backside of them to realize that so many
people are so unhappy with them and I
get sincerely hope all those sixty nine
thousand votes for the BMP or what all
just protest please please just be
participants right now I'm actually
supposed to be revising my exams so
little over a week I'm absolutely
terrified there's so much on each now
and I need you to break because I can't
physically retain all this information
it's just it's so hard and I'm terrified
that's where I am right now this is this
column week back quality on Monday kind
of annoyed about that simulated air
school and day of revision the week
after I've got my Joan studies exams at
you I tell myself don't really matter
but they kind of do because you have to
put them down your you cast form which
is a form you said of children
universities and stuff regardless of
what you got so there could be a nice
big you on
for my if I don't for a little bit and
then the week after that is dope as hell
week because look monday exam to take
someone things on friday exam I mean
that's all my exams which is to be
honest great because a lot my friends
have them all spread out and I get two
weeks of half trap technically speaking
however just I'm sure if I'm gonna be
able to do it it's going to be very
time-consuming and stressful and
obviously I'm not focusing enough I
don't know anything about accumulation
ablation abrasion erosion corrosion
what's the difference between all what's
the lapse rates and mouth listen buzzer
open dynamics of change and what's a job
in or what's enesco what's above okay
I've been advising gossipy and I just I
don't get me started under this thing
epistemology and ethics and Sartre and
English called Mountain what stuffing
about what's good for scandal about
what's kind of you actually trying to
say does anyone really know enough
spanish the subjunctive is possibly my
least favorite thing in the whole entire
world and then said oh oh you know yeah
let's make him content that doesn't even
make sense they give and just meet you
dirt that's basically structure is now
I'm stress a little bit but you know
some really wonderful things have been
happening because then this challenge
like that I was a big part of you know
help me out and reporting for which is
run by the BBC the Institute citizenship
and BTW my school actually won there are
four winners around the whole country
and we're one of them which is really
great and then the other news is that my
young age wise company achieve on the
area finals they were best company and
best report and we go into the regionals
on friday and yet things like that and
i've also got school newspaper coming up
soon I'm dumb it's a little bit manic
and if you haven't already booked over
there and I just said but that is
something that I all hope for you know
so again tardis tacular ta our d is ta
see you out
Oh Carly's takin on there Haley and I
only mean it has else a hoot or
wednesday of the fireworks and girls are
going to be vlogging every Saturday and
all sunday about the last episode of
Doctor Who that we watched it just so
that I don't have to do videos on here
all the time and say I'm sorry guys
discovery spoilers in this video don't
watch it's just easier and for anyone
who wants to know we're going to be
doing on kind of the English that if the
British shown up to die which is you
know company just have poisons guy so
not a lot an American version too sorry
guys you might want to like watch them
two weeks off go for something much me
I'm not sure how it will work there was
a really nice photo of david tennant and
hamlet in The Sunday Times cultures face
if you're in the UK and you are fan of
Dave 10 it's got him in Hamlet and it
seems pretty gorgeous and actually quite
a captain jack esque coat and it's weird
and anyone which I do anything yesterday
oh my god Jesse I was watching it and
weeping enough love love love real of
duty line but her version it was just
wow I mean I'm big big big rooted Rachel
but this was a performance beyond before
this was amazing yeah so anyway I should
get back to them and glacial retreat in
marine and whatnot um wish me luck you
will really need it
