hey John Hanke and notified us out there
it's Monday twenty cents of April this
video should be a response to Hanks
pills pills girl video which after
watching I felt a kind of burst of
gratefulness
for the NHS the National Health Service
here in the UK usually is the source of
many complaints and things from an
either tabloids here or the furniture
advance guys that there are problems
with a not having enough of the
conditions not being perfect and they're
being lots of mrs a and the long waiting
lists which have actually been cut down
quite considerably notes I'm so lucky to
be in a country where they have a
national health service as a personal
country where some reason they can
legally just fight not giving people who
have the money to get medicine that's
what bugs me money to get health
insurance not allowing them to get this
because it's too risky and i'll leave at
that before this turns into our kind of
rent because even greater john green
laces vide of that perfect because he
basically said everything that i wanted
to say in that video oh and i think
since the hell am i close ericsson thing
it would be better if I stayed away from
months relax I'm trying to be a positive
happy person with no makeup on who looks
completely horrible by the way I'm sorry
it's like 1030 after a really long
crappy day and enemy when i was in SE
set in that video Hank looked pretty
understandably pretty I'm pretty damn so
I thought I'd make him something that
sadly he can't taste for himself but i
find it secured all things so i felt
like if it had been made for him and
like with the intention with being firm
then it might work so Hank I've made you
a double chocolate cake with lots of
icing and suffered up and in this lovely
video you can't see me making the cake
and then doing things like dancing
around and stuff and as I wash up
include the kitchen it's all very Amy
Adams enchanted esque anyway roll the
video
I certainly haven't been shopping for
any new shoes
I
haha
son
I never felt this way
kisses you hit me faster huh when you
turn to me and say never change the way
you are
I hope you feel better Hank and I hope
that your health insurance problems suck
less as soon as physically possible by
