hi everyone so a block was sticking up
with a pause you could say we like
stopped there for a second after this
introductory message you'll be seeing
the big bonus finale episode of lug most
everything that happened since I last
spoke to you but eyes film lots of my
days I've from parts of when I'm out and
about I film parts of conversations with
friends sometimes these are things that
you hear parts of sometimes these are
things that I put music over or voice
over but you often don't see some of
them as valuable and precious
conversations in my day because their
conversations that I don't realize will
be as important until much farther down
the line then that very same day you
know and one of such conversation
happened on the same day I filmed that
video with all the music I think was
deck the halls I've read a lot of Kevin
MacLeod bit cheeky in there and on that
day I'm out with a friend very briefly
and we had a quick chat and he said to
me have you stopped yet and immediately
I sprang to the defensive there I said
you know what I can't stop I have so
much to do bla bla and I felt very much
like CJ in that episode of The West Wing
where they talked about her being you
know not the busiest girl in the world
anymore and that to me has been
something I've come to terms with not
that I'm not the busiest guy in the
world but that's so often I use that as
sort of an identifier and an excuse and
whether that's to not look at how I
really feeling or to not deal with the
problem that's happening whether that's
internal or external and I just I think
I sort of use it as a shield but then
also as this yeah strange identify to
honestly that kind of feeling that like
I can't stop we have too much to do and
this sort of catastrophizing with it as
well like if I stop everything fall
apart it's both self-indulgent and it's
Makie it makes me ill it makes me ill it
doesn't let myself stop it doesn't I
myself rest when I arrived in London I
was just I was had a real bad cold and I
was really rundown I couldn't quite stop
I felt like I was a train coming to the
station like I was trying to slow down
but I couldn't quite stop and part of
what helped me to do so part of what
helped me just make myself exit out of
my email when I went to check it and
part of what made me stop
vlogging for a little bit and take a
step back from editing not feel that
pressure to put things up straight away
and part of what just let me say know a
little bit more especially when you know
it's hard when you come back and you
have two weeks and you feel like you
have to see everyone and you know for me
it's also that I know I'm going to go
back and I'm going to feel really gutted
that I didn't see so so so people or I
didn't you know both do the day out with
someone and the day in with someone that
I didn't both I wrote that I don't do
everything that's the feeling it's
knowing that I'm going to be homesick
and feeling frustrated with myself and
not doing the thing that I can at least
look back as a memory and that's a weird
strange dream to have but it took my
friends saying stop it took my friends
saying you've got to stop now and even
though I put that off in a way I put off
stuffing and it I got there eventually
and I made a choice that was good for
myself and now I'm trying to recognize
that and recognize that as a good choice
for myself to make sometimes and to know
my limit a little bit sooner to know my
boundaries bit sooner but also to be
grateful to friends and to just to like
really appreciate that I think I just
been thinking a lot about the times that
we choose to say nice things about
people that's a strange thing to say a
strange sentence to say but it strikes
me that look we're at an age where we're
losing a lot of people who are going to
be very important in our lives and who
have been very important in our lives
people who model the kind of culture and
the kind of cultural products that we
find important that we have as our
soundtracks and as our films the pages
we go to the words of advice we go to
things that have made it possible for us
to be alive right now even if they're
not we're going to be losing more and
more of those people it doesn't matter
whether they're famous or not there
could be family and friends they could
be somewhere you'll never meet and that
makes it all the more crushing as well
when you just you wanted that little
moment with them but you had a moment
with them we're on the same timeline
we're on the same planet all of that I
just feel like it's really sad to me I
generally has made me very sad to think
that we don't think people were there
here and that's going to be a big one
for 2017 and just from this very moment
at the end of 2016 onwards for me for
thanking people while they're here so
I'm very grateful to that friend who
told me to stop and very grateful to all
of my friends who have welcomed me so
warmly and it's such a pleasure to see
them so here was Christmas Christmas and
Christmas Eve and the day before that
and then the day after Boxing Day and
just all of the little celebrations we
had it's a jumble and a mess and it
might not really make much sense
whatsoever to you but I think it's one
I'm making for me a bit to show how much
life I can still let in even if I stop
things if I give myself the space and
the time and the energy to do the things
that I love the most with the people I
love the most I can't possibly say that
I've missed out on anything at all so
I'll see you very soon this is one windy
two
oh yes people K - what congratulation to
everybody okay I got it
Oh No draw it um in Australia Christmas
Christmas my that's right how my book
with now it's just me drinking in
various places and I think I know
they're you're blurry in the background
now I'm just showing the chest this is a
lot great do you see other people who
said that you look like Keira Knightley
are these different is special to us
you like it oh my god you're gonna get a
cat soon castles that do my cats that
facials the dome I guess ah what the
 is happening oh happy with my sake
I bought myself a very fair and it's
really good nice why you gift yeah my
not about here to get sorry okay year
this video which is good one of her
favorite scratching places oh my mouth
so big oh maybe
no she likes chins don't film at the
roundabout mikado
she have a cut of interest in an album
for my girl after I've watched you have
a cutter emojis yet yeah
so
Oh
this has been the experience of two
remarkable organizations the Duke event
res award and the Prince's Trust which
is 60 and 40 years old a B started a
small initiatives but grown beyond any
expectations and continue to transform
young people's lives to mock my 1915 up
pressure being the Christmas elf oh my
dad you some very nice washing it was
very convenient getting you as my super
sense because I'm like well here a range
of things that you wanted
that's my studio you have to come sit
home with us yes no we do a shot oh yes
my Madrid shoot you know I and it cracks
budget crackers so turkey is so
impressive and it's beautiful look at
this collection over here ah
that is bath it's a fast depart this way
it's a great path good job everyone
No
like anonymous your father somebody's
dead already
there you are Sonny oh there were babies
