hey guys today is shrimp Tuesday pancake
day guess how many pancakes I had it was
something obscene actually yes me are
you guessing because I was a guess and
people never guess and I make people
guess but then I don't want people to
this then they guess so that's kind of
annoying it happens a lot but yeah um if
you haven't guessed now and I had about
50 I had six or seven years today and
then I had seven or eight today would
you loads of nutella anyhow if today is
Shrove Tuesday means tomorrow it's ash
wednesday which means one word meant and
it starts tomorrow and things i have to
sort of just watched on cats 22 um video
you see it up put it in and since so
much will do and where that's going
through my head is um and I keep saying
it to like p.m. foods me yeah okay go
keep going keep going so tomorrow is ash
wednesday and which means lent which
I've already set now repeating myself
this is annoying for Lent I'm giving up
a number of things all of which going to
be incredibly hard to give up 1 i'm only
allowed to drink water for next 40 days
drinking water means that i can't have
apple juice and the rare occasion that
it's in my fridge I can't finish him
today I'm going to finish the innocent
smoothie and it's in my fridge because
we never have innocent smoothie and I
knowing my luck there's going to be a
lot of innocent smoothie in the house in
the next 40 days just so it's gonna be
like her reason a temptation so we like
the Apple was going to say drink me no
juice no alcohol no fizzy Jenks I like
Coke a lot like a lot a lot like an
unnatural amount alot i am a coke addict
completely completely a coke addict it's
really profusely bad the region of art
is saying is making a big commitment
especially because our parties if i'm
not drinking alcohol which happens quite
a bit because on wit and then i will
drink a lot of soft drink and there are
quite a few
and birthdays of friends coming up and
there's always becky fridays to chopped
pretty standard lansing to go out
chocolate and but there's a reason why
it's really hard and so in the morning i
went and got cookies from Sainsbury's
like white chocolate chip ones on my
pancakes I've been having Nutella I've
got like millionaires shortbread slices
from the baking isn't it great don't
worry and finish them and the saddest
things that I won't be able to finish
them tomorrow this is really like
melodica this in the box thing is
looking really am what's the word slow
static so don't know if this comes up
now sorry if it does that potato crisps
chips because it's hard really it's all
about Mickey challenge people keep
saying wait give me a pull this stuff
it's really hard that's it and the whole
chocolate thing increase things like
chocolate cake three so it's going to be
long and then on top of that number four
is that I'm going to walk to school
every single day I can take the scooter
if I feel it necessary which tomorrow i
think i will feel unnecessary number
five is that have to do a kind of
NaNoWriMo thing and write a thousand
words every day or in oval or something
i'm going to start a new one and i think
that might actually be in but yeah for
the next 40 days i'm going to be quite
miserable part 2 of this video is like a
massive geography question reserved it
is all little tiny pops is the fact that
quite sadly i thought and i didn't get
the post of head girl and I was quite
upset about it actually which was weird
because at the end because I'm weird but
I'm kind of glad in way as well because
it went to a really good friend so it's
great becoming a bit harder at first and
anyhow all is not lost exciting things
coming up in the future and I have a
really weird urge to start like a
massive event at school like a fashion
show there's a boy school go think
slightly less
a kind of stressful in the sense that
something that doesn't involve making
two outfits for mortals who will then
not turn up and you have to like fashion
on to some random person great all right
bye guys
