no John Hank it's Friday first of
fabruary 2008 and this is the best
secret london sister video in such a
long time it's been forever it's been
like the oddest seeing an epic journey
between this video and the last video
and I don't know quite how I survived to
be honest i really i really don't know
i'm not sure how many parts this video
comes in because if i had been a cover
and you know organized other i would
have you know plans ahead little notes
or just like generally head in my hair's
the number of parts of the meat but i'm
not even though i'm really happy that
you guys didn't and completely get as
cold turkey and stop vlogging entire e
once hit a new year i am already missing
Nora and daily videos and do i have to
say the ones that have been pressured
have been of exceptionally high quality
so that kind of mix-up work then look
like five awesome girls secondly John
Green is not pornographer it's just
people saying that he is basically what
happened for those of you who didn't
know is that there's a school called
depew high school in the united states
where they want to study looking for
alaska in their english literature class
but the school understands that some
parents wouldn't necessarily want there
and try to study because they might give
it worry about sounds good dirt which is
you know fine that's the way parents are
can be sent back so this the school sent
out a letter with like a slip saying
sign this consent form if you consent to
your child starting it that's absolutely
fine is that there are some people who
actually went to really school board
meeting and water up a matter which
hadn't actually been cleared for bring
up in advance saying that they don't
agree that this book should be studying
at school because of its like
pornographic or rousing contact i have a
very strong opinion about banning books
as well like in not balanced beginner
stopping people from the game works when
we have the freedom to read books I mean
and secondly I have a very strong
feeling about this because this is
looking for ass go which is just like a
wonderful book
and also it's the fact that ok I
understand how it slow you know some
parents might not want no childhood it
because you need some parents are like
that that's the way it is and it's rare
enough to give them the option to to say
whether or not they've won their child
to study it in class but when you take
away that bright from the parents to
decide whether or not it's ok for their
child you essentially taking away the
parents right to decide what good them
say no the past I know what's good for
their child and it's just it's
ridiculous joins us Keith letters that
he will forward on to those involved and
you can email is to sparks fly up at
gmail.com I keep starting to write mine
and as I was standing here to here they
all start off kind of angry and
complaining about the small size of
these people's brains so I'm gonna I
took a couple of days and now I think
I'm ready to write you know a civil yet
powerful deliver powerful II delivered
and better of you similar age but this
has to do with Hanks wonderful video
that you shopped in denver airport and
the stop-motion video to the wonderful
team of we're taking the hobbits to
Isengard watching what tune it's kind of
a car that would tribute by tenacious d
i did I haven't quite informed him yet
so debt thing she knows I'm falling I'm
sure she has the same idea that I'm when
Katie comes here and then we go to the
airport together on the same fight to go
to terminus I think we're gonna have to
make a stop motion video and then
hopefully tom who can be found at Tom
writers as well as kind of a great
plethora of British band can we found
that and we can all make stop motion
videos together and be stared at it'll
be great cuz we will just like or if you
get like the applebee of water joining
as well I told my mom were joining I'm
seriously she's Mexican she's insane
she'll join em chup chup be up for an
off so thank you for inspiring in us the
beauty of stop motion videos I've seen
some really cool ones as well like it
really got me into the mood for looking
at still engine and my sisters working
on some music video thing which is all
stock version is all like
yeah it's really it's really cool
sledding it's supposed to snow in London
today did it really exactly happen it
was freezing and when it's freezing my
demand snow because we need some kind of
entertainment and no my life is gonna
snow this weekend I'm at you unable to
go outside because I'm working and it's
like what tell how am I supposed to
enjoy snowboarding fights when I'm
working up I don't like working and
Morris I love the money as well which
goes its hardness how what snow now only
this setting as well I want to I mean
I'm really old-school higher setting on
win backs but um I like for sale signs
and I my default yeah that sounded
pretty sad also a pop sighs Evans so
cute so what one I love the photoshop
powers of people today anything small
and wonderful by suggesting you such
pygmy slow loris and click on the one
where it says pygmy slow loris playing
with the table i'll put a link in that
one over there so that's me that's it
for today that's really lame sequences
the video it has to be said but
hopefully more exciting things in the
works yeah i wanna go see it now we've
had about 10 hours late for the past
three days hope you guys forget you bye
bye
