hey guys notice anything different about
me yeah my hair's kind of got the top I
say the top but it's really me with my
paper this is like your average since I
was standing from the mirror yesterday
and sorting out my hair at the back and
then I realized that one bit the front
was longer than the other bit so turned
off and then I started realizing how
many split ends I had so much like
cutting them all off it's in the van a
cop see I don't know if you can see it
anything again and but there was like
this big mound of Briand hair at the
bottom and I looked up I realized i have
rehire and fallen off still wonky and
you can see work and even reaching them
because there's a big drop on side and
like you got ya just completely and i
can't cut the back so have this little
kind of tale of has this uncut but who
cares i've saved myself something like
40 pounds in a hair cut cut that's the
words of the haircut and i'm really sees
always I mean a lot of people talking oh
yeah general be really busy but I was
like oh yeah where you know it's under
control it's not I've got to do an essay
right now about a cold mountain and I've
got English cool switching on Thursday
stressful and just start writing my
articles for school newspaper i do then
bitch ruin he's love Blair his ledger
and a couple of book views and there's
something about the scandal that most of
the places where Obama has lost Hillary
Clinton is whether they use those um
those machines that messed up last time
so you know be a bit political yeah I
had my head girl interview and it was
kind of weird and Russia how it went and
it went directly to much but I didn't
come out with confident or feeling I did
the best I could which was kind of
annoying since I've wanted this for ages
and to come out of it feeling kind of
unsure about it's a bit annoying I've
been an doing lots of reading and i'll
do another book video when i have few
essays to write and you know more time
to make videos but one really the moment
is this currently the book thief i'm
really i'm only I'm really about like 20
pages in
but and I'm really observe I really
respect the narrative the whole style of
writing it and find it really
interesting and it's got all the library
the shadow of the wind the red necklace
a maximum ride about 50 billion people
have recommended this to me so it better
be good guys but the bed around it
better be brilliant in fact before I die
which I wanted to read for such a long
time we finally got it in at a library
and yes and every cold climate in other
novels by nancy mitford look at a nearby
Dimock if I didn't hit myself and face
the writing is absolutely tiny it's like
minimal you can't you can barely see it
but I'm quite such about this as well
because there someone at my work has
been telling me you have to read the
pursuit of both your through it it's
fantastic and then I got my grandmother
the mitford letters as well for
Christmas so that should be exciting um
I'm also think of going really really
bond really blonde again this is kind of
in between a blonde I want to get blonde
Lord and you'll see that when that
happens and i will make a secret sister
video and i will do billion of the
things and i also will register at the
time in this hopefully later this week
so i don't know when it will kind of
places down a bit Alan I'm making I'm
making a video but my dad's getting a
macbook air cooling the world that
something like that thick I think I did
anyone else watch the Steve Jobs and
that quality in like watching taking out
the envelope that was good i'm l wasn't
there ourselves watching a new cheer up
from dip yeah from Rosa pupils videos as
well which are the music wow it's so
cool it's exciting from Adele to get on
the base and leopard sound my computer
as well so yeah that's cool starts a bit
rushed guys as I say SI hauling two
essays quarry three essays call it oh my
gosh philosophy as well ah bye
