so many people have tagged me for the
YouTube player game now never been
really rubbish but my excuse is that
I've been kind of stretching out for a
long time and to kind of keep the game
going and keep it alive also it means
that I've just been really busy and
stuff but hey 5x Isaac at the time to do
this from reading the declaration by Jen
my male which to me there's a lot like
tim watts fearless so I don't know my
judgment on that is yet to be made fact
number one on tuesday i have an
interview for a position on the senior
officer team in muscle that is
terrifying scene or for the team
consists of like the head girl to deputy
head girls and head of house deputy head
of house and my other brandon prefix as
well I've seen in prefix others so
that's really sorry and I wanted to be
head girl for years and years now
because I'm the geek and i'm cool like
that and yeah so that's freaky that's
one thing you don't know about me
because I got the latter but while ago
Academy need to make a video about it
and then never dead so there you go
second fact people don't really know
about me and maybe 60 years old but I
still sleep with a cuddly toy this is
where neither do i got here when I was
three for Christmas and pretty much
every Christmas look for a couple of
birthdays after that until I was five I
got another character from the winnie
the pooh series I got piglet I think he
or was my favorite because he had a
detachable tail we need the pool is
always the one and only and really
dieting is gone and there's tops too big
because it's been stretched and falling
okay I'm a 16 year old girl he still
sleeps with a very fluffy bear I have a
slightly serious addiction to cook
curler when I always have used to make
me either really hyper all really really
sleepy now I just drink it all the time
and
you know I decoration drinking with
these I drink this draws so it just kind
of just go straight to my tongue
certified number three years ago spec
number 3 that number four I know quite a
few of you remember and proportion to
the crazy level subscribers are having
this channel oh maybe all of you will
know that I have a mean I'm on the name
I'm around the name then I'll fighter
named Domingo know if you've got some of
you are asking and what the name is the
Ming is a general website of Awesome on
the Internet well well the nerdfighters
go to be awesome to go and if you don't
know advisories let's just feel to you
should run / vlog brothers but if you
get in the water near fighters where
have you been where whoops never
actually told you where you could find
my profile it's that nerdfighters
ning.com forward slash profile /a Miley
predictable number five I flipped my
flights to terminate switch is crazy ah
i'm going to terminus actually I
determine its my parents gave the green
light of approval and I've got my runs
booked some taking the hilton and a
bench terminus and very happy to find
out that i'm not any longer funding and
paris hilton's general crazy lifestyle
book I said grandfer was like how you're
not getting any of my money so it's
great tonight that takes a little
present up someone now five be able to
see Leah tan poco up peaches because
then I want to make this video she will
make a tag video as well they also tag
diamond Dorothy French Ling and
catastrophic
