hey guys today's um blog is gonna be
really book based cuz I'm read quite a
bit the moment and I thought I'd talk
about it as well as things that I'm
about to read before is that I just let
you know I've SAT up an account of
goodreads goodreads com / profile /
hallows not talk Roxas shout-out goes to
any Leo for for telling me about Guidry
would have kind of fallen in love with
an old crazy one and I don't loads of
books and now much for them like 90
books and I keep going and keep their ND
go yeah I've been reading a moment I
recently well I say recently but a few
weeks ago I finished the winter of our
discontent which I really enjoyed I
thought it was I don't know Edward quite
a bit lighter stuff at that point and I
wanted to read something slightly more
intellectual per se and I really enjoyed
it I found it really interesting how
incredibly honest he was about human
personality I think a lot of the world
there's kind of dust over and sugar her
everything and for example not having
them steals and when they would but then
again he was also very honest about our
kind of hesitation about everything and
just in general and on kind of feels
like an expendable but it's the
everything's not black and white that's
kind of that you stand unlike the edge
of either go one way you can get another
would be does not yet there's nothing
else to be a one ended because you
constantly flipping back between these
two sides and you know you should do it
will be will do and then you kind of go
back to what you should do damage oh now
I just really enjoyed it and I it will
kind of in the right mindset and really
sass differently to read and that's
definitely something that i would
suggest you read another book i've read
recently was filing violet park but
Johnny Valentine which was one quickly
gone quite a recognition recently it's
quite nice read because it wasn't quite
so that's really thinking heavy you
thought heavy it was thought for
anything they're not in the kind of the
same way it was really a Vista very well
told story it was very clever and it's
one of those things everything just
comes together at the end and you just
had this understanding than skateland
and I really like the main character as
well and we let all the characters and I
just thought it was a really good
stories look how Wednesday was running
my favorite stories but it was sitting
like four out of five stars and like
it's really quite well watching
forbidden little glad that was going so
much recognition because it means up a
lot of people who go only on awards and
things they buy books solely based on
that for their children or for
themselves we'll get a good lead which
is refreshing for change slightly better
than the kind of average which nudie
pics another one I read was a gathering
light by Jennifer Donelan which I
realized wait something's actually
published in those states under and more
than Northern Lights I think that's the
original and move them like I think I
don't know why that I don't know if that
changed me it was cuz the whole northern
lights thing but I really loved it I
kind of I was get powering through it
until about three quarters the way
through when I just instantly fell in
love with the book I kind of brittle was
a bit kind of screaming my head mentally
at main character units where's were
about about 1900s and I met kind of
parallels with the merger in the
nineteen hundreds and you just see
separate it's a world of reason why I
say is is like kind of jewel collect
regional action its row two different
types of space not rising actually it
something else anyhow that and she uses
like something of power in one place of
time
they found another piece of time and
it's just able just so brilliant and I
really enjoyed it and finished it going
this might have been to possibly because
I can feel myself talking about that
with his lips I agree and then the next
one which is probably the most
controversial one that I've never talked
about it's going to be Twilight chair
finish last night and I feel like I need
be one person in the world really didn't
like it Bella just I don't really find
anything that Moodle that Edward I just
got myself screaming at her I just like
I can't stand her I found her I really
like such strong personalities and I
really like people who just step in and
do stuff only sometimes it might not
need the most realistic thing but when
you writing a story I just I felt so
weak that she kind of annoyed me and I
didn't feel that it was realistic of I
mean obviously pinging what do I know
about high school hierarchies but I
didn't feel it was realistic about high
school in there I don't know I didn't
think she captured it very well I'm not
I'm already into vampire stories either
and I reckon if I went into it slightly
attention to me but I would thought of
it like everyone says it's fantastic and
this obviously quite were loud thump I
sorry the plot was really weak and
nothing really happened in the end was a
bit relative climax it was all just like
oh so I wasn't impressed the last my red
was a noted plans by Tabitha suzama
which was really depressing but I was in
quite depressed mood at the time I was
quiet like reading stuff and it kind of
brings you down quite a lot throw bits
bladder glitcher and it's amazing
because it's about its own manic
depression is amazing when they have
those highs most funny by parallel North
pies and revenge in he's a music student
so he writes symphonies and spent all
night writing symphonies and Barnes
crazy
long as a second son but missing the way
she described that but because she was
so good in her description when he felt
the lows you just follow your whole
world was crashing down point of wonder
if you feel like you're depressed read
any Travis by cover the suzama then this
brings me on to get fixed I'm actually
currently reading right now a lifelong
teacher gave me this book blog Harris
pompei from same guy who wrote a new
club I'm paying my fence I got this pic
of the library echo by Kate I'm
livermore a girl in my pants the trainer
which I've never actually read so if
there's attainment in my pants I have no
idea what's been going on in the pants
but i found the giver is actually
published in the UK i was really happy
because i've wanted to read this pic for
ever ever for such a long time and i
really want to read it now but I kind of
I didn't really have I want to read
these books and it's just like she can
get it for me yeah the giver in my pants
so what'd she tell you in advance this
is another book that was published when
I did work experience at Walker I did a
lot of research and kind of stuff they
did before I had a soft they publish
before actually went in for the web
experience so that I was willing to bet
that was wonderful said call me and I
never watch you read it and it's so much
to tell you by John Marsden I put all
these in the show notes of the title of
these cherries I told you know I feel
like I'm love water face and also
reading regular radio by brainbox rear
derailleur event I have a feeling that
would be kind of uncomfortable in the
sansa you would hear probably not the
most desirable sounds that you go to it
and this one's funny because this one
then I was kind of looking in front of
it they sell this in the bookshop this
is from the library it's king dork in my
pants and I was looking with one of them
I was like well if you're in a band of
wish you well if you loved or hated
touching the body if you like girls or
Island team to open book your world is
like wow you said that John Green
looking for alaska reputable enough to
be on the sick yeah slam is like
an LLC thing
has two key when I say I'll see I'm
being cool the choppy and say advance
from the public I have another alc of
the palace of laughter which is like
falling about positive laughter in their
pants the human touch and my parents
still is unwrapped I found wild
colleague develop another temp ebook
what I'm going to barf in my pants this
is the second book set my form to tear
be another 15 on Terrace Imperium in my
pants that sounds funny war eagle and
cook their gang father and father aware
as I have to try and get them the
declaration of our mamali the
declaration in repentance I was found a
really nice copy of The Odyssey which on
and read properly like I haven't read it
all you need the auto slippers another
I'm corrected proofs by my friends mom
but Sir about the virtual core shadow
web sharing love in my pants I said
goodbye in my pants people keep asking
for a commendation see about this book
girl missing and go Missy amendments
think that's probably watching every
wise man's to be honest and i still i
read it cuz i have him do it pop you out
so i just wondered what galaxy music but
yeah I want to read it and find out more
about it and yeah that was a long thing
I'm gonna probably have to edit this all
out and we probably never see it and
things and but one thing i meanshe was
this guy in the corner grind my cousin
with me I don't know how much you can
see it's harry potter Scott
it's really cool guys
