hello everyone I am back in London I
live in Lex's flat I'm living here until
summer and then I move in with another
friend of mine from summer onwards and
I'm so excited so happy to be home in my
hometown so excited to be around friends
and family again and just being a place
that's built a little bit more for
pedestrians than Indianapolis is I've
been really really really busy I still
do the same job I still work for John in
exactly the same capacity as I was
before and work is his producing partner
and do all that work out and about so I
spend a lot of time by myself and in the
evenings I want to see friends so from
the very first week I went to see
first-aid kit with Hannah Witton first
day educators Hannah and saunas favorite
bands like they're number one this was
the first opportunity I'd had to see
them live and I realized actually from
watching them live that all of my
favorite songs are best all the ones
that have like quite a heavy drum beat
and any song that has a heavy jumpy at
seeing it live it's just something else
like it goes through your bones a little
bit I never sat at Roundhouse before but
the view was brilliant I was very
comfortable and like I had a couple of
drinks and I was just it's very easy
that first week I also went to see the
film you were never really here which is
the Newlin Ramsey film and she was there
and did a Q&A afterwards and what I've
been thinking about ever since that foam
is the different ways we choose to
portray violence and I say we used alike
as a culture and what we do and don't
decide to put on the screen there are
elements of this film that like in many
ways are very hard to watch because
they're about human trafficking and all
different kinds of violence between all
different kinds of people when I saw the
posters for my way to see it I thought
it was like mother I didn't really know
what the fun was about at all and the
poster has joaquin phoenix like in the
heavens looking down Navy in many ways
yes it is like a god figure because he
decides who lives and who dies but
there's an element out of his control
all the little people run around
committing all their sins at the same
time it did something different there
was like a softness and a sensitivity
and a humor to it that I really didn't
expect going into it and appreciated a
lot about the film that weekend we
properly kicked off Lex's birthday
celebrations
next and I feel very strongly about
birthdays that they should the
celebrating of them should last for
about a month and involve as many
elements as possible so he went to the
pub and then she had a karaoke room
booked upstairs and we sang Carrie
for hours I was very upset that they
didn't have my karaoke song which is
Waterfalls by TLC but we sang lots of
other things instead including don't cry
for me Argentina I was still kind of
jet-lagged and I left there about 11
p.m. and went over to Jack and Dan's and
watched the Academy Awards with them
which was really fun also because so
many Mexicans won and it's so exciting
it's so exciting specially coming back
from the US and there's like this whole
political climate and you see people
saying all these horrible things about
Mexicans over and over again to just
have so many wonderful ambassadors for
the kind of brilliant creative making of
things that goes on in every aspect of
life in Mexico not just in film just in
so many different industries and I was
thrilled for yeah I was thrilled for
everyone who won oh my gosh my heart
just burst open when Allison Janney won
I can't even tell you I enjoyed all of
the videos around that and after that
and before that so much I love her to
pieces she's the best CJ Craig forever
the winner at this year's Academy Awards
for the best foreign language film was
the fantastic woman and I actually got
to see that later in the week with Jack
and it was just such a brilliant film in
terms of the mood of it it's really sad
film I didn't expect it to be as sad as
it was not knowing anything about the
plot as I went in and it's an
exploration of grief and discrimination
just like the many kinds of acts of hate
that come from all sorts of different
kind of authorities and authority
figures that you would expect on some
level to at some point find compassion
but they don't and don't feel the need
to because they see the protagonist of
the story in such an objectified
monstrous light and she navigates the
world and advocates her grief while
being constantly denied personhood for
being a trans woman and being denied
even that label of women people don't
let her have it let her keep it and find
all of these different ways to cause
violence to her and this isn't always
the case but I feel like in mainstream
cinema here if something happens that is
out of the realm of what we think of as
realistic that kind of has to be an
explainer or a justification or even the
genre itself is a justification for it
there's a beautiful scene like I think
it comes about
halfway or mm way through the film
everything just stops for a bit and you
feel the weight of everything that she's
experiencing you feel the weight of her
grief and the weight of her suffering it
does so in what we think of us maybe
quite an abstract way but then keeps
going and it doesn't need to be like and
learn she woke up it's just something I
really appreciate about that and why I
think foreign film and foreign
literature is so valuable all see that
week I told you I've been busy sana
invited me to see Hamlet with her the
Royal Shakespeare Company production of
Hamlet at Hackney Empire she had a
couple of press tickets she's a good
friend and knows that Hamlet is my
favorite play in the entire world it's
not just my favorite Shakespeare play
it's not my favorite play about Danes it
is my favorite play I adore Hamlet I
would die for Hamlet I love Hamlet I had
actually been having for some reason a
really bad day I don't know what it was
I felt consumed by depression and grief
and for some reason I would think I was
still just really drained I hadn't
really given myself the time to recover
from the move and I felt overwhelmed and
I just I had all of these feelings but I
also was frustrated at my inability to
explain what was going on and just this
nothingness that felt like it was
lasting forever and I was reminded of
the incredible impact plays words
language story have on our own
experiences not necessarily from places
of empathy always not even necessarily
as mirrors to your specific experience
but even as a place as itself a mirror
up to nature looking up something more
broadly and looking at the human
experience more broadly using the
specificity to see him out there
and for me it was just it was a gift it
was so lovely to be in that space and
lovely sounds kind of trite in the
context of how dark I was feeling
through the power of the performances
there various tones of the drums that
are used in this particular production
brilliant performances throughout
staging was wonderful the colour was
wonderful it was one of those things
where I wish I had more language for
that for why it was so brilliant but I
loved being there I'm so thrilled at
what
Shakespeare company is doing at the
moment and what it continues to do in
its work to bring Shakespeare to people
and show that these plays and these
stories and these specific words that
were written hundreds and hundreds of
years ago still have incredible gifts to
give to people and can include you in a
story that at first you initially might
not think is about you also important to
know almost all of the members of the
company in this production were black I
think many people who've never really
had to imagine themselves in any other
characters other than people who look
just like them it's so exciting to see
all of these different productions
created outputs business enterprises and
so on that challenge that and and make
it a shorter bridge for someone to cross
who hasn't seen themselves in something
and now gets the chance to see
themselves as a philia or the Prince of
Denmark and not just because of the
color of their skin but also because of
that on a similar note of wonderful
theater celebrating people of color and
also just being wonderful theater I went
to see Hamilton I've seen house and I'm
so so fortunate I think many of you know
this I went to see Hamilton nearly three
years ago now I think it was three years
ago now with Meredith we went to New
York we saw the original cast I shook
dearly Hills hand because he was in the
audience and was just a brilliant night
but I'd booked the tickets to see
Hamilton's West End performance like a
year and a half ago and brought my
sister along my older sister who knew
nothing about Alexander Hamilton hadn't
listened to the music was really excited
but wanted to go in knowing nothing
dance and the movement is such a
fundamental part of the Hamilton
experience I kept thinking of this thing
that I drama teaches to tell us when I
was doing GC drama about you don't have
to go to black every time you were to
change scene there were different ways
of doing it and in fact they would get
angry if we went black and then like did
a different scene and then the last
thing I'm gonna finish on is book events
I went to three different book events
the first one for the new book / Tim
Marshall who broke prisoners of
geography that was really interesting it
was about the historical use of walls
why people are building more wars and
what wars look like they're not all
brick and mortar I asked obviously about
when walls will go up in space and
whether there's legislation around and
how it works there's really interesting
to think about airspace and where the
kind of territory of this like flimsy
idea of the nation begins and ends but
then also like physically if you get to
Mars and you start building a wall on
Mars is that allowed who's gonna stop
you what function would that serve etc
so I went on this whole other like space
tangent in my head and have been
thinking about that ever since last
weekend I went to see Angie Thomas who
wrote the hate you gifts peak at Prince
Charles cinemas she was absolutely
fantastic and she was speaking to sarah
shahi whose podcast I haven't listened
to but now that I saw her interview and
you Thomas I'm like I love you please
more what was interesting for me about
that event and has been interesting like
as more events around race in the
conversation around race has changed in
the UK and it well changes a bit is that
so many people think that racism just
happens in the USA very important
because we don't have understanding of
our racial history in the history of
racial problems in the UK is has been
quite hidden in lots of ways or people
just haven't had the microphone and the
platform that they do have now or
starting to have now but the same time
like when these guys ask the question in
the audience and I can't remember what
the question was but I just remember
this feeling of like that happens here
too like that's not new anyway that was
my tangent but it was a really brilliant
event and I saw lots of familiar faces
from the book world who I hadn't seen
for a while either the most recent book
event I went to was actually this
Thursday for the book moments of
significance by Shana O'Brien
also known as MC angel this is a book
that came out through the independent
publishers that owned it and the event
itself really reminded me of what London
is and what in those moments where we
come up short what it can be what we
should aspire to this community of
people sharing their skills giving them
to each other looking at who doesn't
have something who can be supported in
the different ways that they can be
supported not only through needing to
have you know a roof over their head and
basic needs like food but also kind of
nourishing them creatively I have no
doubt I'll talk more about arts funding
in the government and situation in the
political world and little while down
the line but for now for me it felt like
kind of the exact right thing to go to
at the end
of this month of me moving back and
really understanding taking that month
to understand what it is I want to do
with my time in London you know whether
that's infinite time as it feels like
right now or it's unlimited and also why
I want you to come back like what's
special about this place what I
understand about this place that I find
harder maybe to understand about other
places because they're not my home and
this is my home before anything I'm a
Londoner and that's something that came
up I also like to see the mostly lit
live show I'm a seen it's brilliant
podcast this another time as well but
they're talking about the different
identifies you have for yourself and I
think like I don't think of myself as
British I read I mean I use it I put it
in my descriptions and stuff but I think
of myself as a Londoner and that defines
me in so many ways because I choose it
too
I'm proud to be from the city and I love
it so that's it that's what I've been up
to the past month I've been off here
while I've been setting my life back up
but my life set up now so you'll see a
lot more of me all right bye
