hey guys i haven't uploaded video in
ages and this isn't a proper one and
it's not going to be particularly good
but i just thought i'd update you bet
and what's been going on in my life a
bit i've been working like crazy and i
had job I broke up on Friday up until
then I had like that solid work I was
writing and producing the Christmas and
assembly which I took with my friend
Finney has been wonderful and we did it
together it wasn't just like me were
just her it was like a very good team
effort and I think it turned out really
well and if I also distributed the
school newspaper and Lords helpful to
friends as well got quite a few of those
sold if I mean I said that as well so
that was crazy the creative writing
publication has to be made submissions
for that so that was a little bit crazy
and just everything was a bit hectic and
I made ready gingerbread and then I was
ill with the flu well actually there was
in the world had like 103 degree
temperature I went of delirious who
started talking about how Margaret
Thatcher was the best thing that ever
happened to this country and then I said
wish I could learn a thing or two from
her and so I must have been delirious I
went on about that for like an air war
and I was sick and I'm disgusting
horrible and I can I saw like offloads
and my asmus still quite bad see I've
been also been working those I've worked
last saturday or sunday and i would soak
busy everything's been so crazy that i
really i didn't have time to do my
Christmas shopping it's a Monday which
was Christmas Eve which was I felt
really bad because I'm usually video
organizing the sort of thing and have
all the presents wrapped under the tree
and tenth of December and not this year
but speaking of Christmas it was
Christmas yesterday oh by the way I'm
having my own hair Disney mad day
because I can't go to dissing on because
I've in London so what way Minnie Mouse
ears of a scarf that's quite cool I was
only telling myself I got quickly yeah
quite a few cool things for Christmas
and actually something that around here
I got Michael Frayn human touch which is
a book I think about the mind and like
humans and like human significance but
it's the coolest thing is that Michael
Frayn he was here that she's quite
famous over and came to the bookshop I
work at a couple of weeks that was
really cool I didn't realize it was him
until he left oh my goodness my poor
friend so weird I've to be back I'm
afraid and aren't put me when you Juliet
thing like the original version and
don't avira posse version if it is
that's quite cool as well so what I've
got me when I loved anyone I have seen
the old one and I really liked it as
well and just Shakespeare in general
gives me shivers and two miles down this
wasn't a Christmas present this was
something I myself that jingle spells
arrived after a while that was quite
cool I've been really enjoying it as
well they'll support myself and whilst i
was in my Christmas shopping i splashed
out myself a bed and bought myself a
season three doctor note the red
converse and big building coat and he's
also put little sonic screwdriver but
I've no idea without scoring that's just
gonna get lost and we just secret santa
and gosh and my friend Simran got me
Luca listing which is a time-traveling
drop to you action game it's amazing
it's got like this little TARDIS and
even in the middle and you can spin it
round and press the top staff and makes
noises having a chestplate yeah but i
really wouldn't say it so yeah and my
friend cast away with this beautiful
Alison one that pendant and bigger than
one my own phone and which has been
it'll drink to me key on the end of it
it's really nice and my parents that
reason got to look at sandwiches and
powerful action figures that's wrong but
Neville and Neville
complete with a member Lucinda Latonia
but you can make fill with water and
squat people I thought I better not
squirt with these kolkata may be cool
but as you have a case for my until
dough gesture yeah look continue in the
nose of it marie i put in here this rock
say if anyone makes this it's kind of a
mimosa let's protect it and when my dad
gets ready to buying it i'm going to get
my class left it slowly so only more i
would say it's been a pretty good
Christmas and and the BBC gave me a
wonderful present as well they gave the
doctor who christmas special a couple of
pictures of which you can see in
interviews on the moon d but and which
was yesterday which i think was I don't
know about whether a second which the
Christmas invasion or not and it has the
advantage of the fact that David Tennant
wasn't knocked out for the whole thing
but I didn't really love it I thought
brilliant and i really like Astrid I got
quite attached I have to say I've got a
pen in my cracker and yeah and so
tonight you're smiling shoes but I'm
really excited about that and then on
Sunday it's the Jurani documentary and
I'm excited about that also because I
want to see it with my good friend of
meter and Tom as well he was coming down
from California just to watch that
obviously just to spend time with us as
 before she goes on a big big trip
and yeah so that's cool and another
thing if you've listened to podcasts
their podcast rather what it costs a
hundred and thirty and you will hear my
voice in the same podcast as J roll in
sports and it's pretty much introducing
you as I like to interpret it it's you
hear my voice and then you hear footy
and then he'll try rolling so cool big
thanks to join any that because that was
just amazing i would say damn selfie
exercise
ill and delirious and talking about her
Margaret Thatcher was the best thing
ever happened to this country whatever
for like two days I've been really
really really ill and how I cut my money
I was like oh I've got loads of messages
on my facebook and all my like you've
got texts and stuff and all these people
who talk about your own and when I
listen to a thing I was a fire could I
not realize it before John asked me to
record this thing and Italy realized
what it was for never really processed
it so that's really cool and I had to
make another video releasing especially
by lifting the fact that I'm now in the
a thousand subscribers plus crowd which
is a very good crowd to be ins and also
have noting the fact that I am in the
nerdfighter hydrazones video which is
really cool I haven't made a secret
sauce of video in ages so Judah I will
especially considering that its nearing
and of brotherhood to put any pages
