hey guys in today's and vlog I have
quite things to share with you and
fastly sitting right here to ice cream
universe it's my tales of beedle the
bard catalog which is but it expected to
be a small and be just such amazingly
high quality the pate oh it's beautiful
if you don't have one in your head put
fat and I suggest you get one they're
not particularly expensive but in but
this was eight pounds and of what it is
and therefore the fact that it's like
limited edition as well it's absolutely
beautiful of course it's nothing like
paying me 50 thousand pounds whatever to
in the book itself I mean that would be
incredible but it's just lovely and it
tells a bit more about and the
children's voice and it's just a really
nice thing to have there's a joke put up
on the back it's got tell three brothers
skulls of the three brothers rather yeah
it's really lovely another thing I
wanted to talk about was extremely loud
and incredibly close which I finished
and I really enjoyed it and it was
wallet we one thing but I really enjoyed
it I thought it was very cleverly
written it kind of had them moments that
reminded me a little bit of Curious
Incident of the dog in the night-time
slightly but his writing stars kind of
slightly different as well but it was a
really really well-written book and very
believable as well and so I see Egypt
all read it so yeah do that I'm reading
sharp north at the moment and loser by
jerry spinelli and so i'll let you know
what those when i finish reading those
another book i've read recently which i
also wanted to talk about was angel
monster by veronica bennett i read that
a couple of weeks ago and it's all about
Mary Shelley who wrote Frankenstein and
he was out the really famous poet I see
Shelly he's a wife it's like it's like a
love story but it's really really
fantastically written and if she's
returned about journal stink
Cassandra's sister and she's also
written one recently equal dish air
called Shakespeare's apprentice which is
like the whole the real story of Romeo
and Juliet scene and and I'm quite and
looking forward to reading that once
I've got through Wow what else again the
rest of this video is going to be
dedicated to a and dr. Hume casting
spoiler for season 4 so if you don't
want to be spoiled for well yeah if you
don't wanna be spoiled for season 4 and
yeah don't continue yeah that's your
final warning by way because i want to
start now recently and like in the past
week i think it was on wednesday maybe
it was thursday and eels wednesday
actually we found out that rose he's
gonna move back in dr. and i was so
happy she's coming back for three
episodes in season 4 i'm guessing it's
going to be like the last three and and
yeah that's going to be amazing in lost
the fact that John Barrowman said a
couple of weeks well before that couple
of weeks before that I what sure hasn't
been confirmed by the BBC me but we let
it slip and room to be so he's also
gonna be back so I'm just really happy
because I'm like it's probably going to
be Jack the tenth doctor in ro rose
three and it's just going to be
fantastic I'm really concerned about how
they're gonna kind of get rid of her to
be honest because I don't want to kill
her I don't want her to become this
really kind of like power woman who
doesn't need the doctor and I don't want
him to fall out of love with her and
hard to fall in love with him as well
like this they are definitely my
favorite pairing they're fantastic
people often ask me oh why you not a
massive the fan I thought you would have
been bit more my fam but I just rose is
such a fantastic character she's got so
much
humanity and disco and yeah she just
brilliant I love her so much and so I'm
really happy that she's back and
actually I was looking at the spoils of
you looking at my friends page on the
and so I was like linking to this BBC
website and I victim and I look like
what I'm just completely gasping oh yeah
it's so cool and they're already have
I'm also quite a fear that the writers
strike America doesn't extend to the UK
as in the same way that it like doesn't
America and because it means that there
will be no doing I think then EPS is
probably already been written but it's
good because it means us like no delight
in them in our stemming effect exciting
and I was like I don't know shooting
from boxing's tomorrow and I'm a citizen
out anyway but kelly brook it was like
one of my favorite dancers father died
from cancer and on Nichols was either
cheating with Wednesday I don't know
sometime this week which is like
horribly sad but she still gonna dance
how amazing is that and she's I'm sure
she's gonna do fantastically I think
she's one of the best dancers in the
competition and yeah I'm gonna leave
that on that last somber note and think
it really hi guys
