hi guys and today is going to be a kind
of roughly particularly event to be made
update vlog thing because I got layers
today but i thought i haven't uploaded
this in a while I'll go to a video in a
while rad I think it's been like six
days so that's what it up you might see
over there there I have a pile of books
I didn't have spanish today which was my
last lesson and because they're like
Spanish all was going on something so
they canceled that lesson and I went to
the library it is really bad i din and
i'll just show you what god it's cool
because my library's got loads of really
great books in at the moment and they're
starting to get good stuff in they used
to have that's really old and don't
really quite bad books as well that's it
we have the winter of our discontent in
my friends and I've been looking for
this Steinbeck novel for ages they
didn't even have it in some of the shops
I've looked at an ax to have money
anyway but it's cool I thought three
weeks to read all these books are going
to hate me quiet one and I've Jerry
Spinelli's loser if you haven't read
star girl we did I really wanted me down
the letters I things unless is from saga
yeah that's cool I already love vm the
blood to this Donald's Inc offers a
one-off he loved school he even gets
there two hours early when his first
teacher tells him years 2160 days in
school to look forward to Donald as a
happiest boy alive he loves funny long
words and how's the laughter of the
silliest of them when his teacher calls
his spelling atrocious he's thrilled
Woodward to zinc off every experience of
the pleasure but to his classmates his
loser and no one wants to be friends
with the loser soon before the end of
two thousand one hundred and sixty days
Filner that any name can be replaced
with hero ha looks fantastic a native
madness by town Tabitha's suzama suzama
Alex wood
yet a gathering light by Jennifer dhoni
which I've wanted to refer ages and is
in the 21 blooms breed collection and
and Ross was saying is I think the safe
yeah six out the 21 so I can I trust
this collection seems like the best
books ever and yeah that's gathering
right by Jennifer Donnie and Jenny
Valentine finding violet park let's go
head out reach their sharp north which
my friend cat told me to read by Patrick
cave nothing that's like a thriller type
thing and this or which I want to
reverse such a long time extremely loud
and incredibly close by jonathan safran
flat it's from about I'm really excited
about reading that I think learn with
that one bust and so that's extremely
loud and club yeah extremely amount of
incredibly close in my pants shop north
in my pants Friday violet park in my
pants because we light in my pants a
note of madness in my pants loser in my
pants and the winter of our discontent
in our in our pants in my pants whose
else's pants in my pants oh my tongue is
so tired whatever the thing is I've not
like I'm really tired the whole day and
I've been tired the whole day but all
I've been doing is spouting rubbish all
day I've just been talking about things
and someone in my English class my
princess Lee asked me he drunk because
kind of a gnat do I go I went to a party
on Saturday night and the theme was
social stereotypes I went dressed as a
housewife and SAT like my heroine II was
cold but my head is flat quite quickly
but had some D's Carla's so in my hat at
an apron on the big spotty dress to this
one
right here which is been ceremoniously
thrown on my bed and pretty bird that
was another thing I head girl
applications my school have to be in in
like three weeks time wasn't thing which
is quite the hauntings and I wanted to
be head cuz like years now and then soon
as the right cover letter right enough
time because I've so much to do which is
why this video's will be unedited and
