good evening John Hanke in YouTube it's
Monday october eight and I'm gonna wrap
top because it's really freezing Carlton
England oh so cold I went to school with
a big beanie hat today so reason car
then on my way to school I have to cross
every bridge and it's like wind wind
victim I'm gonna actually wear my like
ski boots to school because they have
all is really nice very lining inside of
them which makes them warm and as I had
it made a secret sister video quite a
while I thought I do the one now and
it's all subjective opinions i just
thought i put my input into the choices
you guys made between like ninjas
pirates that kind of thing in a previous
videos so hit it dragons or fairies
dragons c'mere net kind of bad way
because they come from Britain yeh
dooriyan dragon nothing why don't you
kill the dragon am i felt quite sorry
for dragon the dragon couldn't help that
that was like some guy who was like oh
yeah I'm gonna kill him it's kind of
like my dragons far superior love or
money Oh love ya like one is nice but
you know that kind of sensation in your
hearts that you would door someone not
even sure that I've actually ever felt
it but sounds pretty cool pirates or
ninjas my friends are really gonna kill
me first one cuz I big pirate people but
I have to agree with you guys ninjas
pole a pole man yeah seriously pirates
are lying scum you don't like to other
people's boats and burn them down and
take all their stuff and it kind of
really quite rubbish because they don't
keep you do it very well they're just go
like / / Dead Sea really know if every
pirate look like Johnny Depp i'll
probably pick pirates but they don't so
very good and ninjas are just so cool
green apples and red apples that was me
being an apple I say neither I say Apple
no seriously actually Apple Macs I can't
actually have bubbles at the moment
because these glue the battery can get
stuck in and push the wires and it
cracks then I put them up paying cyber a
ring like at the back here and when that
allows you teasing ice gems but normally
granny smith apples are the best ones
ever Granny Smith all the way every day
I am also quite partial to Fiona Apple's
lakes or rivers I would have to say
rivers unless it's at a lake in an
island on a lake in an island on lake
that's quite cool but and I Ronis all
the way papi years old didn't I don't
know I mean both of them I just did
keyless leaky I was I was bit of my job
when I was like four ila striking it and
they've like niching bit my hand so I've
always been quite scared of dogs but
recently I've actually been quite
obsessed with them because I just so
cute and then kittens if anyone has ever
been to cuteoverload.com me hot just
like not bit Gibbons as well so a big
blue also i like i like you lee Mia's
anybody's ever watch tribe as well the
little monkeys I always fall ready sad
when I'm like shoot the monkeys I mean I
have to live but why'd you have to call
the monkeys mary-kate or Ashley I like
Ashley I don't know why I just I like
Ashley I thought she was quite cool
Ashley for the win books those movies
books I'm so predictable but books books
books books books oh crap there goes my
fine skill of the day takes Buster's
video I know it's kind of ironic to be
saying it on here the text unicorns was
on these unicorns okay we have to
discuss this John and dead people who
somehow magically be able to come up and
walk towards you in the street and try
to make you as dead as them or on
Facebook you bite them and you get
points so they knew Charlie know you'd
be coming but I'm like ninja zombies and
stuffing is quite fun but then or like
the purest mystical beings what earth
hair is like tight like strong enough
two ties are that year ago unicorns do
nakhon SI unit goals candy Falcon cheese
or chocolate cheese is nice i like my
geez but chocolate is like like my
ancestors are aspects way way way back
can I just say I'm proud to say that you
know we invented it so yeah chocolate
power and on your point about you know
more kinds of cheese and giving them up
giving up more Hank may I remind of the
little phrase it's quality not quantity
unfortunately I can answer any of this
direct questions seeing as I have never
seen it same goes for kungfu the
neverending story or the goonies the
dooney is the goonies is like they I was
terrified of slot slot freak me I'm you
didn't manage me that they were like
criminals in it no I was terrified with
the guy with the creepy face he'll be
creepy it was like messed up hills
Alexis the goonies amazing especially
seen I thought the best bit is this
evening when they're like in the well
they're also the pirate show that's
quite cool I like everything about it is
cool if you have any goodies I have to
agree you have got to see the boonies I
mean the show on like channel for like
every single yet about five times a year
so and with that I'll wrap this up but
not before i show you get your
butcher boy worker masala gene it's like
a handout think it's really cool because
it shows you the family tree for the
greek goods how cool is that every key
which is the heroine leaves
