good morning Hank John and the YouTube
world or dresser afternoon as its 24 7
p.m. on tuesday 14 from august two
thousand seven and its secret sister
london louisiana yeah that makes a
second oh my video responses to your
videos if I were an incredibly logical
person this video would have come before
the last one I made because it responds
to ones that will chronologically
earlier then the last ones are made but
this one goes back to like eight pool
but I'm not logical person so they're in
response to a video that John Green made
on july lent it and cooled something
like a day's life with writer who has
new friends and you should little clip
of the way he looks when he writes uh I
need one's quite calm and I'm in
something like this we begin with the
frustration as I really find myself
incapable of formulating a proper
sentence and then get crossed myself and
then delete like the whole sentence and
then I caused myself bodily harm by
whacking myself in the head which is
actually really painful and I didn't
suggest you try and I think I'm up I
mean I so good at this time of sudden I
get a flash of inspiration that was my
happy dance they just saw and I managed
to isolate success and things like we
shots me when I began writing I have to
have regular girls don't ask why I don't
know have no idea I asked before dressed
I have to have a good playlist on at the
moment including closer by Travis and
foundations by kate nash and let's have
a blank card order to the right because
I've been right a minute right now of
paper and pen writes me and it's fun it
really I the end of a video on jun 20th
drama asks for the nerdfighters out
there why I'll be nerds and why are we
proud to be loved one in England like no
it isn't really a big white no one's
really enough people are either geeks or
recently niques neat is kind of more
derogatory and somebody called me one
shortly after the big Harry Potter's
argh laughs I'm thinking are we all in
to all excited and stuff and I pasted in
myspace bulletin
out how I've been awake for 30 hours but
I didn't care because I finish I
reporter it was brilliant he said and I
quote without the profanity you tried to
sound intelligent we were actually just
an ich initially it's made me quite
angry but then was thinking about it and
it was kind of more again the idea that
yes I might be unique or a nerd or geek
or whatever tell what it is but I'm a
happy one yr you may be cool it's funny
being cool you are such a live up to
standard whereas when you're and now I
journey kogi we'd have to adopt any with
standards so we are neat data geeks and
nod rises and everything like that
because we're happy people and with a
quick nod to make cab expects to pick
those Diaries we are generally quite
well self-actualized so why am I in bed
why are you not enough discuss going way
back to one of John's videos on April
second this is my time time where he
concludes that his zip or spot to be
chiefly British is not so much as it as
a character for I sympathize as I've got
this little fellow on the middle of my
chin luckily squat down overnight
however as I'm female teenager and dust
Derek food prone to waking up and
interesting that my life is over I
lighten the situation by naming my this
little throat is called Alba step in
honor of the end of hotter summer and
the way that how I cannot name his
children and should be restrained the
thing with my spots while we're
discussing them is that they're always
directly in the middle of my face I
always the one here in the middle my
nose well here a little much in so look
it splits my face and to me anyhow I
realize is that so far myrish wats to
have been to Jones videos and because
they are things that I can think about
the moment seeing as I can't say so it
can't respond 20 songs and I will come
up with something and make up for
next time it's the time being I will
respond to a video or July third by Hank
and calling for long advisor stuff so i
thought i disobeyed honor
so I was going to make it a good vibe
tape but since we just got on kitchen
for a wrapped up and replaced I'm okay I
our state hasn't just been a plug back
in and my mom is making my birthday cake
so I can't make a nerdfighter cake but
instead I've converted to of the things
i'm bout to eat into now if I the cool
stuff wedding tonight Bruce we have a
nerdfighter banana who's Hernandez
banana to point her I tried to say you
five sheets of toilet paper while
discussing the political situation for
eating this banana but it wasn't pretty
so that's a fact of history young
attraction season plus layer today John
and we on Wednesday is my 16th birthday
as if you could possibly forget Torah
does anyone say that any
