alright guys it's official i'm going
completely insane and it i thought i was
like crazy obsessed with harry potter
before but now it's just reach this new
limit of incredible like insanity
basically my god yeah and not just
because obviously i'm gonna halfway
through getting ready to go out and
don't need to make a video so yeah
basically um yeah i was doing her hair
then I know Jess on the back of my
sister's antiperspirant deodorant which
sheet from your needs and this thing is
has solvent abuse can kill instantly but
look what's on it is still tiny
lightning bolt so and i was like i was
looking at then i just actually flipped
out I was like I terrify his iphone
lightning bolts luckily no one else was
in the house to him to her yeah reacted
it'd be like you being attacked who
you're being attacked uh which I'm not
except by like the insanity bug but I've
had from that yeah crazy it's just wow
and then with the announcement that
she's actually gonna do like he's like
chameleons deficit yeah hair portal
never end how was it true i was reading
an what would like she's not know her
official announcement this card record
she will probably do the Encyclopedia of
backstory and stuff and I was looking at
at leaking use website in the rows on
hello is it you it's just amazing
everything about this find it was
amazing i love everyone in it well don't
worry your pop into creepy people who
just creepy but yeah and then I also
write that I wanna and is doing that the
summer writing course there's a whole
alondra love so much and then I read oh
and then I listen to downrod some geeky
think the interview has a cricket match
as I go down thank you so much and I
just generally just wow people can say
whatever they like about me and they
have actually there has been kind of a
strange upsurge in general
scizzum of them of what I like recently
especially because the books just come
out and like oh yeah because that's
wrong time of arrival here you sir
Pierre Satori so why waste your time
doing that cuz I wall I'd rather spend
my time doing this and anything else and
um it's not causing me any harm apart
from way insanity I see what's wrong but
ok uh wait just a poacher come through
the door um I'm half of that that's
really much it really oh I got this
really cool then I went into a shop
called jean-louis and they said that I
can have a poster which they had in
there one day may I show you answer
so that's posta and I can go pick it up
on Tuesday so yeah I've prepared a nice
big space on my wall and surrounding my
bedroom their knees feel these like
lyrics I wrote like not I wrote but I
wrote on to my wall three years ago and
and now I kind of feel like it's time
for train so I just painted over them
all and and I'm thinking possibly harry
potter quotes although i did do
something really quite cool next to my
mirror which is earthquake that I really
love I'll show you what now I'd rather
be it could be if I cannot be in our
because it could be as a maybe who is
reaching for a star I'd rather be a
husband then I might have been by far
for a might-have-been has never been but
I has been was what's an ah that's by
Milton Berle and that's it for today
guys um speech elite
