oh my goodness good week that film was
amazing because the film came out a day
earlier in the US it meant that it was
well kind of a lot of them for a lot of
reviews from people ready a lot of kind
of general sentiment from the fans about
what they felt about someone the general
just like got was that a lot of people
were kind of disappointed with it it
didn't live up to their expectations and
it wasn't kind of the immense film that
they expected it to be well not for me
because i went i sat down that day
typical beginning and and just wow wow
wow that wasn't that was wow I think
that is possibly now my favorite film in
the world ever and I have lots of
favorite films but this is my one
favorite film Wow david yates Michael
Goldenberg hail just ah wow wow wow and
from the second like the title of harry
potter you already know it's kind of it
zoomed up and you're gonna be good but i
didn't about how good it was going to be
umm ayman oh um yeah today should
technically be a day of my personal
morning and sadness because in one week
it will be over blah blah blah cute
sadler's but i can't be sad cuz up I
would've made this video blog yesterday
but I wouldn't have been able to
construct a normal sentence I finished
that film like ah and oh yeah just I
said crying I think when I first I think
wasn't right it was either second or
third time we saw you know it was when
she started talking about um
her mother like you know i just took my
oh and let how the person she saw died
and it was like come on and don't yeah I
remember I remember and I just started
crying for no reason and and I just
needed that film who stirred that film
this is perfect but everything that was
perfect we kept the emotional range of a
teaspoon language by the way it's my
favorite line of the whole books pretty
much and and ah everything about the
Lions headed in were brilliant though so
witty does it perfect okay sadly
carvings have they changed everything
who cares and brilliant film and a lot
of people said that the the the World
War and dumb little thing wasn't a
cheese because it should have been I
disagree well there was no like taunting
or teasing and none of the wizard being
used as a shield or anything oh my god
depth or such kind of just more the
scale of it like the fact that these
people could take apart buildings like
throw them at each other oh wow and was
the way they thought like so quickly as
well as it was everything was it wasn't
the perfect story line but it was the
perfect characters which to me it's so
much more important like I think problem
with some of the early films is that
they kept all the story line and it kind
of in wanting to be loyal to the fans he
sacrificed something was the characters
which I can't quite but a wordy but wow
wow only she came out wanting see it
immediately after his house one
extraordinary so just a riot but I can
because I get kicked out and i'm not
naughty lately and yeah yeah go see it
now seriously I I could talk about for
ages probably will talk about for ages
let's talk about some more okay the veil
was weird okay who cares it me cry
everything about that we would quite
whole film like whole film everything oh
my gosh it was so it's such an emotional
journey this film yeah and like even
though you can't see how I get
angry you kind of you felt the emotion
of it I loved it it was great and I love
the way they had the music in the
background out of the way they did
newspaper bits I didn't know were too
many proclamation Manning's I thought
Fred and George's bit was brilliant
especially for like the lack of time
they had I thought what else can I say
at all the secret glances from like
Ginni over time those hairy toe rumors I
thought how a child was managed very
well I was quite surprised about the
Marietta thing been collapsed I didn't
realize that that was going to happen
yeah everything like also flight goes up
of foreigner my kind of to that point
where they just get like they bounce off
each other and say wow if you can if you
hit the contour out of this film are
doing what yeah good just generally just
wow and I went to the cinema of course
like dress look Harper freak in my hair
and all my harry potter gear i had my
lightning bolt and earrings i always go
generally always well and has really
cool necklace so at me she has no quartz
rest on it I'm over the top but again
someone's at me someone really cool a
lot of lots of Nazis at me and yeah and
yeah like I got so many lots of that
takes on that she just walking around
town just like yeah I don't care but
like all gone action figure let me show
you much from previous adventures you
will recognize the Tenth Doctor he is
equipped with his mighty sexy soup so
very very practical converse and while
the ruffled hair as well as a smart guy
today we welcome his friend 3.75 inch at
3.75 inch re bears no resemblance to
directly as a funny plastic chip on his
neck is incredibly bendy and has a
rather fetching Colligan the tie will
notice is mainly yellow and his glasses
awesome what round but however he is
lacking in the scar however I quite like
him in general I think he's quite fun I
think we could have some fun together ah
you
