okay so i was in borders today and
looking for a book that yet Emily 404
and I don't find that book but why did
see was a like a part of about I don't
know 200 harry potter and the half-blood
Prince books hardback not even favorite
bag of both adult and child editions
going on sale for 299 two pounds
ninety-nine which those of you who are
in the States or whatever is about six
pounds a six dollars
and I was like in total shock because
unlike Evanna Lynch the actress who's
plays Luna Lovegood and then you felt
relieved not actually seen her play
because the fifth harry potter film
which appears comes out in july july
fourteenth and because she will says how
wherever she sees how reporter and sales
she weighs take the label off I never
agree with that because okay say the
recommended retail price is like 18
pounds then if it's down to 10 pounds
and that means more people are likely to
read it which means it more people are
likely to adore it but the fact that
they're selling it for 299 made me feel
like it genuinely Mayo really breathe
that always made me feel that is hearing
the type for title of the last book and
yeah and I was just kind of left like I
got Sturridge feeling that this is what
it's going to be like in so little as
five years time because there won't be
Aaron Berger after the last one ok maybe
not five years maybe about 10 which
sounds like a lot but it's really not
and there's not going to be that I'm
saying mania I mean ok this will be a
few of us I'm simple we're going to be
going on about it when I'm in my
twenties and when I'm in my thirties and
maybe when I'm like 95 and yeah whatever
but it's just not going to have that
impact and especially not on the new
generation but they're not gonna be kids
riding up in my bookshelf to grab the
expert in fact that they're selling it
for 299 it's kind of like especially
this news about the independent
retailers unable to afford to stop them
and it just makes you feel really sad I
felt like crying it's ridiculous again
it shows how much of a geek i am that i
was in borders and in the children's
oakland and the kit books and harry
potter and felt like crying but at the
same time like three pounds that's
cheaper than of what the paperback for
and i bought that paper back for that
you know six pounds or something when
the adult version okay and don't get me
started in white have a payback i cannot
vote for them yeah i don't know i just
want to know if anyone else kind of has
those moments when it you kind of flash
forward to the future and you realize
that this is what it's going to be like
people are gonna forget about how you
bottom be studying the film's four quid
and beige MV and just especially people
in the fandom I mean I never sound
completely sad but
299 for like one of
the six books which has changed which
has made my life so different than it
would have been otherwise to be honest
it's I don't know why would be without
power I guess I'd be still a geek girl
but if I didn't have an obsession for a
van der but it won't be any I'm am
literally in shock like I don't know if
my son Ted speech can illustrate that
accurately but I was just like no I'm
not allow he hits a very end of how
would I which is why furthermore I
really really hope the last but doesn't
come out in two thousand seven because
as far as I concerned and what led you
to continue
