can I just say that I understand that
it's England and it's supposed to be wet
and windy and stuff but if you're not
going to snow mr. and mrs. whether
people and then just don't give us this
much rain I don't know if you listen
here it's actually torrential it's like
a massive wind and stuff which is why on
my end they have study day off for study
late instead obviously productive over
text I'm itself gently productive i'm
going to go return some pair of boot my
sister and I'm dressed like I'm going
skiing I'm literature weary skin shoes
it looks like she's skiing and looking
boots first night and I my thick tights
what he had would a jumper actually that
three jumpers but to have my lovely hair
and put the top but yeah Turner I'm not
I'm not too happy about that at all so
if you could decently route it please
I'd really appreciate it thank you
