Hillary but it seems like i have to work
luck with vodka because after trying to
and finally successfully forming this
big a oh yeah could capture it delete it
or not you think we've captured more
amusing to retire which expending would
mark I will do all this the leg crashes
do it and basically owns took about an
have to fit the example you have stupid
of a little was that the Italian cutting
up the Beast secondo me to the not major
Afghans big selling point in England
deadliest Rapids Wales and organizing
spiritual battles around only Scotland
oh when your fix 12 the 6 10 and 13
Virginia but we take them when you're
about and they called SAT and the
thicker material of exams because they
say to a month the people's process but
on an item only one thing is completely
stupid to be honest because he won't
force people here dr. Lee found I think
you could have before sequel to do big
exact this is what my mind because I'm
doing exams at work there's those unique
footage half that of men with whom via
chest quite easily and so beautiful
the thing about his ass
decided it measure your proof throughout
the year they're measuring the progress
of that very day and how old improvise
and things of course it matters how much
tiny badging members they have and helps
defective you are writing up because
it's a scientist for the subject well I
list actually I'm not taking available
extract them all in the end of July
remember second is a converging English
that there's early Spanish in philosophy
I would subject up really I'm not taking
our country the books and not because I
don't find the topic interesting as heat
capacities things like physics like even
the exact example to test your knowledge
of is a test you in your ability two men
work radiance they test you in your
associate Academy how many and what to
result of course there is been fretting
George college and they fall out BF on
one perishing in the way this much a
mess the arrows is no resistance is this
much and it still doesn't make sense and
the same with that perfectly clear
future
I'm not saying that the noisy school I'm
not saying at all but I don't see how
they can expect people to want the
second meaning school volunteers mouth
sores over when they teach at the way we
do you notice I'm cheaper to me of what
does it could be could be so cool
because favorite quantum physics and
things like even they can't leave it is
learning about space stuff but instead
they decide to grandmas with my
equations which he feels like they're
teaching me for tests and not for what
knowledge I think it was languages they
teach languages foods and I'm since be
here to hit English you can read but and
understand it like I know a lot people
don't mind living books which is why
love is what my footage or illness which
is why I because an English school of
the James Martin cream computing college
but the things I knew of the five I
wouldn't have enjoyed house as much if I
didn't actually understand the amazing
mouth and ears and gulping muses and
have a very far more educated sorry but
in fact is a jobless a thing like and
you get to cause so much for viewing
stuff by easier accumulator direct eye
contact I learn how to act where do we
draw
yeah but I'll leave that because I've
rambled enough time and yeah and in
within half dome it embraces I will
officially be a metal well but I am NOT
getting collared since because i highly
approve immunities constantly i'm jania
Clarence full grain or in children's in
very noticeable care for was versus I
will not be eight but I haven't good
what was a faculty but you have met a
little knob hey so I would you he'll
starve against weak today I'll get that
is on today and
will he escape such a candy bar fight
true champions I do not advertise broke
mine over the guy who makes I think the
designer and he worked on to that he can
be around me to apprentice and friend
and friend herb and spying for the issue
already down the government over yeah
perhaps me the moon and we should revive
chemistry except national party but was
the test really plan for Friday's but
standing on the plane will see the
marriage because I fancy the world and i
would like to conquer the paperwork yes
I think we hope it is a walk and not
question me please restore for the
weekly surrounding idea project Hera
please try to buy lonely okay I'll i
don't know i just don't get recently
held a little bit good if you're not
