hello say what I just got back from reg1
a Star Wars story this video is going to
contain spoilers I'm sorry to do that
because I know that it was a lot people
won't be able to watch it at least for a
little while but I think that that's the
best way to make sure that I don't
accidentally spoil anything for anyone
especially because for things like this
that are so hotly anticipated it's kind
of hard to determine what is a spoiler
and what isn't anyway so I am going to
say spoilers we'll begin now so turn off
if you haven't really loved it I thought
it was the tone of Star Wars while also
being entirely its own story there was
something very complete about it you're
aware of it being a puzzle piece that
fits into the rest of the story even
though it's so referential to other
parts of the world and it evokes all of
that beautiful most alger I hope but it
also just makes you feel like it is in
the tone and is consistent with the
theme and just like yeah it just feels
like it's part of it it also feels
complete and I think that a lot of that
has to do with the character of Jin who
connects the whole story and is the
whole arc of this particular story here
you feel connected to her immediately I
think that Star Wars overall is pretty
good at doing that at least the original
stories and the force awakens
I just really give it giving you these
kind of immediate connections to
characters because you see them so often
in isolation in their moments of great
fear at the beginning of the story or in
their moments of physical isolation
where they're hiding you see them in
their own little world and you
understand a little bit more about them
before you've even really met them
interesting to watch this in the context
of everything that I've been burying
myself in when it comes to use because
I've been reading even more than I
normally do about Aleppo and about Yemen
and about Mosul and about situations of
war and about the modes of warfare as
well so it was interesting to come at it
from that context because having read
all of these things and you're seeing
the destruction of cities and you're
seeing children in the street and there
are all of these very familiar signs of
war also
casual destruction that you're used to
in films you don't get invested to every
single life life lost in the context of
who you're focusing on and who's the fix
of your story in a lot of cases these
characters who die are sort of
collateral in that way one other thing I
was thinking about in relation to that
and it might be something that I expand
on a little bit as the as the vlogmas
period continues it's the idea of the
refugee story and the war stories that
we see we have a lot of stories in our
mythology at least in the mythology of
my immediate culture not least of them
the Christmas story and the way we
represent them or as we most often see
them the protagonists there are white
and it made me think like to what extent
does that impact the connection that we
have with refugees today it does the
lack of representation those stories
affect the extent to which as broader
communities we connect with people in
those situations in real life the people
whose stories most closely mirror the
stories of the people in favorite films
and their favorite plays and books and
so on I think there is some correlation
there but I think it's entirely
deterministic and I'm curious to think
more about it and when I when I'm not
very tired I love that Jim's
capabilities are never really questioned
it's assumed that she is capable of
doing what she's assigned to do what she
takes charge and doing she assumes the
leadership position quite quickly
especially to assessing the second half
of the film it's just understood that
she's capable but something that also is
countess that made me a little bit is
this thing that I kind of frustrated
when even if there's a brilliantly
written female character in storyline
she's surrounded by men all the time
like you don't when you don't have women
as woven into the social and cultural
fabric of a fictional story for me sort
of diminishes the impact of seeing a
woman at the center of it like I don't
think it's even more amazing that she's
this brilliant character because she's
in the context of this like very
masculine environment I think it would
be equally if not more amazing if she
was
women around tattoo I mean like it's one
thing to be consistent with the story of
before word and have a predominantly
male fascist situation going on on the
Death Star
it's different there to be among the
Rebel Alliance and and the people who go
into the war situation the people who
are on the ground they're the people she
was surrounding with the people in that
intimate circle of trust was the end
they're all men that was the impact of
that and the thing that's implied from
that is that she is exceptional she's
unlike other women and that you wouldn't
be able to create enough of a
jurisdiction of her as a character as a
strong female without excluding other
women there if that makes sense like she
that have presented strength in that
context comes from the fact that these
men who we regard as stereotypically
strong and powerful are respecting her
rather than trusting that she herself as
a character is enough to present that
and that to me is frustrating because I
just keep seeing it again and again
films I just keep seeing again again I
think it's the current trend and it yeah
it's it's stressful to me but I'm going
to talk about that more in my video
about arrival which I think deals with
that in a very different way and kind of
masterfully there so yeah I just don't
think about that a lot and just keeping
your videos I want to made it's like
thinking because I really read a book
and you just think of all the essays you
want to write about it I could get over
steam that's a normal reaction to it oh
and this is also something we're going
to go into in my video arrival but those
scenes on the communication dish were
fascinating to me because it's recently
have become super hooked on the idea of
women and communication and war because
there are all of these studies about how
when women are involved in talks and in
high levels of diplomatic discussions
and so on those diplomatic discussions I
think I think there was something what
they tend to succeed more or at least
there's more focus on things like
education and we're in safety and so on
I
read more about that but that was
something I was thinking about a lot
like like women as communicators in
science fiction and women and language
as weapon and language as a weapon of
war as we've seen things like The Hunger
Games when they explore propaganda and
certainly 1984 what is the role of
language and war and that's going to be
discussed more yeah it was just a
pleasure anyway I'll see you tomorrow
when I might be talking about arrival
maybe talk about something else you're
next
