hello and happy vlogmas day 12 today's
video is about not knowing when to stop
which is a big rosianna problem it is a
hundred percent me to all the time and
has been for many years and it's one of
those things that I definitely take
pride in sometimes in a sort of secret
way but maybe not even that secret maybe
I'm being really obvious about it
pushing yourself to the point of burnout
and that's a huge reason why I've tried
to make self care and being awareness
about these things essential part of the
things I talk about these days because I
am so aware of this tendency of myself
to see the thing I need to break for to
see the warning signs but to hit it too
late it will be going too fast so I end
up shuddering shuddering showing
shuddering and you know running over a
cat or something except the cat is my
brain and then my brain is it's like
it's not good when your brain isn't in a
Schrodinger situation is the cat alive
is the cat dead I don't know I don't
know guys it's it's a bad habit I don't
know when until it's too late or maybe I
do know some of the time and I prevent
it but most of the time I just work
myself into the ground this is also is
kind of I think a bit of a seasonal
thing I definitely do this way more in
winter part of it is that I'm so afraid
of getting ill with some kind of winter
bug that I know and kind of accept an
avital you at the moment I stop and take
a break then I going to get a lil then
my systems going to shut down and force
me to break and so instead of looking
after myself in a day to day kind of way
I just try to get as much done as I can
until I come up against this wall that
forces me to stop because I'm too ill to
go on and even then sometimes I think
I've told the story in here before that
went into school still when I was
completely sick and completely among the
most ill I've ever been in my life and
delirious and just mad because I had
things to do at school because I didn't
want to fall behind on notes that for me
is such an identifier because it's such
a big part of my personality and that
weird mix of pride it's difficult to
detach myself from that and make better
choices
than that because I'm the overachiever
sometimes I wonder whether that is going
to haunt me forever like that's not a
terrible thing so and it sounds so
self-absorbed to even say but because
being the overachiever was something
that I climbed to and even nurtured in
some ways it's I mean for me it was such
a huge point of pride doing well in most
subjects of school and throwing myself
into it and having it be this part of my
identity I think it's when people feel
something about you even without really
knowing that much about you because they
know what marks you got this just got
way too real all of a sudden it for me
became a very addictive way to be deemed
of value I think and be validated people
say oh you know she goes to this school
that is very selective when really a lot
of it is just kind of luck and chance
and privilege she's doing really well in
this school which is very selective
these all signal things that people kind
of as I was saying before they're like
little smoke signals but I also don't
want to undervalue the joy of having a
good education and of loving your
education because I think that has stood
me in very good stead there are things
in it that you know you can't separate
it it's not a yoke like these situations
of complex in and out of each other but
some of the things that it has left me
with some of the very high pressure
feeling and also the crushing and
security from time to time and my weird
relationship with food and body image a
lot of it is to do with the weird
environment I went to school in
intermingled with the many many good
things that I feel so grateful to have
had this this education that was
entirely free just because I took an
exam when I was 11 I don't know I'm
getting lost in myself now I'm just
doubting the validity of any of it and
feeling so self-indulgent even talking
about any of this but the overachiever
in me will burn out
and she'll burn out because she won't
tell people how she's doing
and she won't want people to see that
and she won't want people to see that
she is in any way incapable of doing
everything and she is the slightly
darker side of that idea of you can do
anything you want because a big part of
you can do anything you want in a
realistic survivable way is you can do
anything you want as long as you also
take care of yourself along the way and
understand that a lot of what you want
might not be immediate reward it might
be wrong term sustainable work but that
doesn't fit on a postcard I don't want
people to feel like they're held back I
want people to feel excited and
ambitious and driven I also want people
to understand that part of success is in
being here to see it and in being able
to relish it and enjoy it and I'm not
being so exhausted that you can't see
the wood for the trees and that every
single time you just drive over a cat
don't drive over a cat your cat protects
your cat that could never be taken out
of context and whatsoever I don't know
what lessons I've learned about knowing
when to stop other than when I talk to
people about where my brain is out with
these things they often like you're
being hard on yourself they share their
own experiences I think that tied into
that idea of over achiever is this
deeper security that is tied to impostor
syndrome and that feeling that if you
stop for a moment someone will see the
crack in the facade that will show them
that you're not really this big
successful person that you say you are
it's all a lie or fall apart someone
will then take it from you this thing
that you've worked so hard to build and
this thing that you know is only
temporarily borrowed because your life
is your time is borrowed you are on
borrowed time I I think so much of all
of our fears and the behavior that makes
us the worst to each other and to
selves comes back to this fragility this
deep down understanding of the fragility
of our lives and our experience and
knowing that you were just like
snatching it's something that is
completely slipping through your fingers
I want to end this on something hopeful
I'm really glad that people are focusing
on South Carroll and that people are
focusing on seeing the places where we
to stop more step away more and step
into other things you know you're not
just stepping away from something you're
not denying yourself something you're
walking into something else taking a
step back makes it possible for me to
think about things in a different way so
I have to remind myself of that and I'm
getting that but I have found it very
difficult to sort of turn off the part
of me that wants to just keep going keep
going keep going keep going until I
absolutely can't anymore that's just
today is another kind of rambling one
and tomorrow or the day after or the day
after that I will talk about arrival so
make sure you've seen it if you haven't
yet I've also got a video about thanks
the period pants coming up soon I'm kind
of excited about that one too and what
else I'm just gonna I'm gonna do or
don't we just talked about this
I'm just writing like I'm running out of
time bye
