hi friends I'm joined today by Sanne and
we're gonna be talking about the tube
for those of you who want to start a
booktube channel or those of you who are
interested in learning a bit more about
the community at Michael I just like to
talk through some advice so I brought
along my favorite booktubers yeah thank
you
oh my god well hopes and and yeah we
just thought we'd run through a few
things about you but let's do you want
to give an introduction to booktube what
is but you booktube is books on youtube
it's very simple it's if you check what
books on youtube whether you review them
or just check what what you're reading
it's it's people making videos but books
when you don't really know how to start
me YouTube videos it can feel quite
useful to like align yourself to a
community or something but don't ever
feel like you need to restrict yourself
to that and in fact when I start making
videos way back when ten years ago Jesus
but she didn't exist so I would make
videos about things I picked up at the
library and so on I loved your library
home it was so much fun that was yeah it
was there was a time when they were like
there were four people I watched that
would sometimes mention books and it was
you and like John and I was like I
interesting but it wasn't it wasn't a
genre it wasn't a thing that people did
as a thing definitely definitely is now
there's loads and different people who
really just make videos about books yeah
most it make the news about books
I definitely look for that category
because I thought would make a lot of
things but you definitely do fall into
that classroom you know but you have
lots of great tags and things do they
have yes the booktubeathon once a year
yeah so it's hosted by Ariel Bessette I
think it's seven days of reading
challenges and so they give you like
there's video assignments to do every
day so that's a really nice way to maybe
make your first video if the
booktubeathon is not on there's also
just like the booktube newbie tag and
there's lots of other text if you can't
really come up with an idea for your
first video and you would like for it to
be a book one it's a really nice way
it's just like to pick a tag and and try
that out and if even that sounds too
daunting another thing I would say it's
just go into YouTube and search booktube
and see what people making videos about
and say which one of these is jumping
out at me the other thing I would say is
that a lot of people make videos about
the same books don't feel like you need
to do that whether that's Jean run
whether you feel like Oh everyone's
making why yes
example so I have to make way videos or
videos about a specific work in general
don't feel like that's what you have to
stick to I think any time you show
enthusiasm about the kinds of things
that you'd like to read and don't like
to read it completely comes through and
it's really nice to see people with
diverse reading tastes and maybe talk
about books that you might have never
heard about before or have a very
specific interest or there's a certain
type of book that they've read loads of
and so they want to talk about a lot
that's so like fun and interesting to
see and that's definitely what I'm
personally seeking out more of like
people who are reading like at the
moment I'm really into literary fiction
like people who are reading really
inclusive literary fiction from that I
might not have seen on my bookshelves
and when I get to book shops and so and
I don't know I was on earth at I'm not
used to reading like I'm not used to
reading graphic novels so maybe I'll
sneak out videos about graphic novels so
it's really just there is space for what
you want to make and what you want to
say regardless I really like finding
channels with people that I know will
recommend a book to me that I've never
heard of before yeah that is so much fun
because there's a lot of books I'm like
oh I can go to the bookshop and I'll
probably find those bytes it's nice to
have something like totally unexpected
but you've in general I mean it might be
just cuz of my my advice from it but I
feel like it's so much more about trust
even than any other thing on YouTube
because you have to you build up a sense
of trust when you read something someone
recommends and you're like oh I love
that book and then you kind of you it is
building that trust and every time there
commenced something to you and every
time you recommend something to that but
then it also is that that trust of like
well why are you saying these things and
do you really believe what you're saying
especially as you start to grow and
start to get free books I think that
trust becomes at the core that and I
think that's true for any review of
anything as any community will have
there's always from time to time there
will be some arguments or some
discussions sometimes also described as
booktube dramas I like to stay far away
from in general because I don't always
feel like it's a very productive thing
to be part of you know that every
community has it and it's not always the
best to get swept up in it but um yeah
don't feel like you have to become part
of the drama to probably like increase
your ingratiate to yourself there's
nothing wrong with who's not like making
video that was certain topic that
everyone's talking about if you don't
feel like you should be I feel like that
guys think YouTube in general like yeah
feel free to not talk about it it is
fine and the other thing I would also
say like it's really fun to watch other
booktubers and comment on their videos
and say like I like this or I read this
book and I don't like you so much but
have you read this but this one's one I
really liked those are just some comment
models that you can use it doesn't have
to be like a sub 4 sub comment
you're not instructing doing it for like
a reason yeah it's just because if you
start the conversation and people like
see your face popping up on their
channel then it's way easier to like
start a conversation with another
booktuber and they might just go and so
you see that you have good channel of
your own and you're making book videos
and that it's just like a way easier way
to sort of establish a friendship and
I've met so many people through the
booktube community there's like booktube
meetups there's been a couple in London
I'm sure you can even like organize your
own where oh one thing I will say
something comes my one thing I will say
is that I think it's good to tell us in
general but I know once you start making
videos I think it's really fun to
organize your channel the way you would
like to approach organizing books if you
can like that I don't know I'm always
like if I had a pure just books channel
what would I want to see I want to see
playlists based on ladies playlists
based on like what kind of activities
that related to you like playlists based
on like top 10 list play the space of
tags just but have fun organizing things
because I think that's like a really fun
part of it I'm feeling like it's like
nesting kind of feels like it's ready
yeah because once you've made all this
stuff it's just gonna be on your channel
and it's nice sort of pull stuff forward
that you've made in the past that you
really enjoy that you more people to
look at again and just sort of like yeah
make your a little bigger no collection
I knew were very visual person do you
have any thumbnails advice oh I like
some nice bright colors I know some
people do they're like book haul
thumbnails with the spines away from
this grace you can't see which books
there aren't any I kind of like having
the spines out so you can sort of go
like oh they're talking about this book
I want to know more about that um
get your spines out also you don't also
you don't have to have a bookshelf in
the background to be a booktuber feel
free to like if my bookshelf is not a
great position it's like it's like it's
light over there I've got more more but
they're in a different room and I just
quite like having having my room as
backgrounds don't feel like you have to
do like stick to certain rules basically
right there's no wonderful math right
another thing that I want to say as well
is that a little time I get asked like
how'd you get so much money to buy it to
me looks a huge part of the number of
because I read it because very likely
own cent review copies so either
requested or well nowadays it's like
requested from publishers that is one
way to do it please don't feel like you
have to spend this money especially at
the start talk about books that you own
talk about books you borrow from a
library even if we don't have the
physical book with you you can use like
an image of the cover yeah we'll just
talk about it as well if that is like
feels like a leaf in a bound venturing
too far
you shouldn't have to not start a
booktube channel because you don't you
can't afford to buy all the books like I
for the first three or four years that I
made videos I didn't buy that many books
I never did hauls in the beginning I
would just talk about what I've read
whether that was from the library or for
university or you know whatever whatever
that Finn yeah and I think that sometime
I mean this is a whole video in itself
but like halls in general like
definitely promote that feeling of like
I have to buy it and I get it cuz
they're really fun to watch like what
did you get let's see all these
different things I mean I've heard of
and but they we they can be really
exclusionary what also been really
aspirational you have to look at your
motivation for doing things and like
buying but like are you buying it was
you really want to read them were you
buying them because it will make an
amazing or video yeah just like don't
get too ahead of yourself with that and
don't feel like you have to pour money
into this thing there's nothing wrong
with like a haul video to books oh yeah
we've got more time to talk about them
the library halls man do it so I know
channel is books and quills you should
go come forward slash books and quills
and head on over there if you have not
yet and click that nice little red
subscribe button go ahead and if you
have done.i here click the name of the
rest
yeah that's it we will see you very very
soon bye thanks
