hello everyone from my living room floor
I'm moving back to London in 50 days
which means I have a lot of stuff to do
and I thought I'd bring you in on
various parts of that today I want to
talk about decluttering paper and
sorting through paper and also some of
my relationships to paper it's gonna get
really saucy yet various people have
also asked me about my move which I
realize I haven't really spoken about
much on here it's a combination of lots
of things my visas running out and I
also I'm just ready to be back in London
and doing the kind of extracurricular
work because I do activism wise for the
UK which is a country that I feel like I
understand a bit more and I know a bit
more Howard to help but I also feel a
very deep connection to a lot of the
problems that the UK is having
especially with the way it talks about
the refugee crisis and immigrants and so
on like that's I want to be in the UK
trying to improve that situation right
now and I feel that pretty strongly to
so many of my friends are there and I
miss them my granny's turning 98 this
year she lives in bath and my nephew's
my two nephews live in Paris now which
is obviously just a little train away
and I feel like I haven't really seen
them growing up or even that I know them
which makes me pretty sad so it's a lot
of those things just kind of another
space in my life you know another stage
it's being a different kind of adult in
London so I move the end of February
there obviously lots of different
categories of things I have to think
about clothes I feel good about the kids
even though I do have that habit but
I've spoken about my resolutions video
of buying some things make me feel
better I also have a big habit of giving
things away and giving the charity shops
and here goodwill so I feel good about
that I don't have that many clothes I
feel good about books which I've given
an active attention throughout the years
reducing my collection I have a lot
reading to do but it's going to be ok
furniture wise I didn't buy that many
things and nearly everything I bought
has already been spoken for by my
friends and colleagues so that's ok too
thing I'm still trying to work out with
its role in my life in general is paper
and mementos and letters that for me has
been the stuff that's always been kind
of bursting at the seams and falling in
between because of course there are so
many different categories I still have
my university notes and some of my
secondary school notes
I still have letters from people and I
still have things that just mean
something even if I wrote them down
scraps of paper when I'm going through
things I don't want to you know just
throw away something that I worked
really hard on but I also didn't want to
keep absolutely everything I have some
solutions for this paper situation which
I'm going to share with you today but I
also would really love your advice and
your thoughts and to know whether
there's anyone else in this boat because
I suspect there might be one thing I've
done that you can see behind me here a
bit is sort it all out for me piles of
paper pop up in my kitchen in my bedroom
because there are stacks of things that
you know article clippings I've ripped
out and piles of things they've just
found themselves around my room somehow
things I've written in the middle of the
night and things are full now and old
plane tickets all of that stuff it just
masses itself and causes havoc so
instead of letting miscellaneous piles
crop up everywhere have one day one
evening however long you need to sit on
the floor and sort out different paper
put articles in one place University
notes in another place middle of the
night writing ideas in another place and
one of the big things for me personally
is correspondence related things so I
have a lot of postcards and mismatched
envelopes and birthday cars I bought
thinking of someone but didn't send it
in time and stamps and things like that
so get all of that stuff together this
is my pile of that now which is so much
smaller than it used to be and that's
partly because I have these days that I
declared to myself privately if
throughout the year that are cool days
of lost correspondence in which I sit
down for a few hours this is a big thing
in my life like allocating time to work
on a specific thing I sit down for a few
hours and I write letters to order with
people I've been meaning to write
letters to but haven't I've been
absolutely all for the past few years
about sending out birthday cards in time
and keeping up with people when I say
I'm about to write them a letter so
having those days periodically
throughout the year isn't a hundred
percent effects for that but it does at
least mean that I've put something in
the post for someone who I'd like to
receive it I did this most recently on
the 1st of January which was really
lovely because it was starting Amelio
writing to a lot of different people who
I love and sharing all kinds of
different updates and also because it
made me really look for the positives in
the kinds of news that I wanted to tell
them about and the questions that I
wanted to ask so it's also a self
serving exercise so I have my different
kinds of
dammt and yeah some black because it
feels some thank you cards postcards all
of that kind of stuff i used to put up
postcards everywhere i'm trying to do
that lesson actually just send them to
people I saw these blank cards and paper
sauce and they were on sale and I was
like oh it's gonna be great this is
gonna be the year where I make it real
personalized birthday cards again like
they used to and I'm gonna on with it
it's gonna be I'm gonna be so dedicated
to it obviously that didn't happen
but what I did the other day was i sat
and I took about three quarters of the
stack and I made various incarnations of
happy birthday card
thank you cars just in like a critic
paint this one I actually did upside
down so make sure you check which way
the fold is that I can just use that
still feel personal and from me and use
these cards so they also have ready to
go I tried to put bitter on this one and
it kind of turned green it's about
taking on those miscellaneous crappy
things and trying to find ways to make
them more practical to my life before I
moved here I also bought this business
card holder thing from muji and for me I
always find business cards roaming
around everywhere
but I was able to put all the business
cards that I collect from VidCon and
other events and so on and then I go
through them periodically it's really
easy to see them obviously don't know
anyone's personal details but they laid
them out like this and if there's
anything that I feel like I don't need
anymore then I just take it out now
we're varying into territory that I
haven't entirely worked out but getting
there on and this is a stack of birthday
cards and letters and notes that people
I love have sent me and that I want to
keep this used to be much bigger now I
go through and I look in like is it that
it's just a signature what do I want to
keep from this card is it what someone's
saying is that the card itself is it the
fact they thought of me is it that I
don't have anything else from that
person and this is one of the only
things that I have from them that I want
to keep for some people I've only kept
birthday cards and letters in which
they've written quite a lot for other
people I've kept a couple of more simple
ones because they're like from my late
hourly thought for example getting there
with these that this is definitely where
it starts to get tricky for me because
I'm so worried about giving something
away and they're not remembering what's
that with someone's handwriting looked
like which to a lot of people doesn't
matter but to me really does that's
where I keep
a lot of my memories in people's
handwriting and reading it and reading
what they've said so we come to the
power behind me I've spoken before about
how I wanted to digitize my notes and
that's been something I've been working
on for a long time digitizing my
universities I can just chord notes
however as that process goes on I find
myself increasingly reluctant to do it
not because I wouldn't love to have the
extra space and not have to lug around
things but because a lot of what I like
is looking back at the paper that I used
when I was at university so for example
like a lot of my notes are unlike
University handouts and also kind of
rubbish note paper but also a lot of
them are in little notebooks like this
one and like this one and this one so I
don't feel particularly inclined to type
up B's because they're already quite
compact and I really like looking
through my old handwriting and the
places where I wasn't paying attention
and started to doodle in the corners and
because that for me is part of what I
want to keep of the experience which is
all very well and good but when you're
me and you took too many notes anyway
I'm having a bit of a dilemma about what
I do about it whether I digitize parts
of it or just get over myself or just
say this is something that's important
to me and I want to keep and relatively
speaking it all fits in like a box but
how often am I going to get back to it
so here my notes are all together with a
lot of the readings that I had and
here's some files I've already gone
through an organizer as well and taken
out I'm not the stuff that I don't want
to go back to there's also the
complication of things from people who
are dead now this is a stamp album that
belonged to my father
I have n2u from Newfoundland - where
does it go to the USA I think I don't
like the USA no I keep my Harry Potter
stamps in it I love it I think it's
wonderful I love ously keep it but then
it becomes a point of how many things am
i keeping from my dad and what am i
keeping and if I put them all together
in a pile is it a little bit excessive
like obviously I miss him and I want
things that remind me of him and I'm not
gonna get rid of this but how much you
supposed to keep and
it change and do you go through life and
you okay you get to a point and you're
suddenly ready to get rid of something
else give away something else of passed
along something else and the whole
concept of passing along it's lovely and
thoughtful and full of heart but at the
same time it gets to a point where you
are likely you're not just giving other
people more things to have when some
point somewhere down the line someone's
going to have to go through and make all
these hard decisions about what's
important and not to keep that's where
my head is that about it and then this
is a bit more of a success story I took
this old binder that I made when I was
at secondary school and turned it into a
place for all of my old writing and like
some of the stuff I read in that video
where I read the story of the girl with
the hunt 1000 presents so as a drawing I
did of me and my friend Allie so that's
obviously also important to me not only
because it's great video photo but also
because writing is important to me and I
want to keep that there were also
exciting professional things that I want
to keep and how I keep them do I keep
like this obviously I'm keeping the
entire magazine because it's the front
cover and it's really cool but do I also
want to keep the front cover of the
magazine that I was mentioned in for
another reason do I keep the entire
magazine do I just keep the clipping do
I keep the clipping in the magazine
cover how do I do it without
navel-gazing too hard there then is also
some cool stuff that I find Lex came to
me and said we should do a woman on
YouTube panel and I said yeah let's do
it and then we had a conversation and
made plans and I turned it into this
weird chart and I wrote this up into an
email and pitched it so that was what
like a decade ago or so it was a long
time ago and the conversation about
feminism was not in the mainstream place
that it is now so it's very exciting to
still have things like this and then
when I find things like this it confirms
my worst fears because like what if I'd
gotten rid of this and yeah okay so
there is a bit of a solution here and
that you could take pictures of things
and keep track of them but first of all
these things this is a one terabyte hard
drive these things break all the time
I've gone through so many hard drives
that have just failed on me like when I
went to Vegas a couple of years ago I
took all of this footage trying to
recreate the shot of the night music
video and also run away is that hogr I
failed so that's not reliable secondly I
have also been thinking a lot about
digital clutter because I feel like my
digital life is too cluttered
too much stuff on my computer have too
much stuff on my phone I don't want to
live like this anymore it's too much so
it doesn't really necessarily make sense
for me to synthesize everything into a
digital document and put it on this hard
drive that might fail as well as also on
other things if I'm trying to live with
less in general so how do you do that is
my question to you and is that a valid
concern and should I just chill out or
rethink the way I think about having
things I have read lots of different
things that make me think in different
ways about my stuff I've watched a lot
of decluttering videos they're quite fun
to watch I've watched a lot of things
that make me reconsider items I know
that I can tell you more and I will
still do more but like I still feel like
I'm still going to get to this place
where I'm looking around and it's too
much stuff and what a privileged
position to be in like what this isn't a
complaint in terms of oh it's such a
burden to have so many things but I just
don't want to live like this I want to
live a lighter life I want to live a
more mobile life not necessarily in the
sense that I want to be moving around a
lot I traveled a lot in 2017 it was
probably a bit too much if I want to
move or go somewhere for a month or I
don't know do something wild then it's
easy to do that so I don't know and I
worry I worry about keeping things and
then falling down dying one day and
having someone have to go through all
the make decisions that are horrible and
then also them carrying around a box of
things that they don't know whether or
not they can give up because they don't
know whether or not they're important to
me and they don't know their
relationship to it
it's a lot man it's a lot but it's
Saturday and that's what these days are
for because I try to do my taxes in HMRC
isn't working so just carrying on here
yeah all right see you soon bye
