and on the sixth day of lab maths the
internet gives to me a video about a
smear test yes it's true friends I had
my very first smear test a couple of
weeks ago and I filmed footage right
before I went and then I film first when
I got back but somehow lost that the
second half was a bit of a bit so you're
gonna see me preparing to go and talking
a little bit about my feelings about
going for my first smear test and all
this stuff but then on the other side of
it we'll come back and talk about some
other things too all right
BRB good morning if my face is looking
all you me it's because I just threw on
a large quantity of rosehip oil it's
getting very cold here and the
encroaching winter is making my skin
like why do you do this to me why do you
live in a cold climate etc all of these
things anyway you see this morning in
about 40 minutes
I have my first smear test also known as
a pap smear also known as a cervical
exam my first ever one 25 years old in
the UK they send up a letter of 24 and a
half years in the u.s. I don't really
know when it starts happening should
have Wikipedia of that but I feel a lot
comment that I initially did about it
because I watched Lex's video about it I
put a link in the description and in the
endcard about it so I feel good quite
aware that a plastic duck is going to go
up my nether regions I do still feel a
bit nervous but I realized that my main
concern is not what's happening but more
what my reactions going to be another
friend was talking to me about a
cervical exam that she had and she said
it really triggered a fight-or-flight
response in her and she just tensed up
completely which of course is the thing
that makes the whole experience even
more difficult so I'm really thinking
about deep breaths and the fact that I
know everything that's going on the fact
that I can tell the doctor to stop if I
needed to stop at any point that that I
have met my doctor which is helpful
actually I never know everyone will have
that experience but I know who my doctor
is going to be so it's kind of like
being your own hype girl and that's
actually been my experience with what's
broadly called women's health obviously
not only women have cervical exams and
not every woman has cervical exams but
for that kind of care I think it's so
important to take it on but I do find
needing to hype myself up about it
talk myself through it
that is the very reason why I think
access to that kind of care and then
also education about that kind of care
plus conversation and open conversation
about what that kind of care involves is
so vital because it will literally save
lives and I think it encourages people
to take care of themselves in a
preventive sustainable long lasting kind
of way to put their own healthcare above
taboo or embarrassment a lot of the
things I've been thinking about
especially in my personal relationship
to healthcare are to do with
embarrassment shame and how we can step
towards open education on these things
there are some brilliant people and you
should dream that from Lex
Macy green to sexplanations to Hannah
Witton but I also think that on a
day-to-day basis we need to bring that
into our conversations with our friends
and encourage them to take preventative
action and proactive action to seek out
healthcare for themselves whether that's
a problem they're having with that arm
or problem they're having with their
vulva
this shouldn't be a distinction then but
there is so we can't like get back in
time and reverse that what we can do is
change the conversation around it anyway
I'm gonna go have a duck inspect my year
cervix now see see service fee from the
president again here to tell you about
what happened after that I got to the
doctor's office I said that I was here
to see my doctor and it wasn't like
there was no big fanfare made about it
and that's it we through to the doctor's
office and did all the things that they
do like check my blood pressure and
measure my Heights and all sorts those
basic things and then she took out a
gown and a sheet and she said you want
to take off everything from the waist
down and put on the gown and cover
yourself the sheet which was fine except
I didn't really know what I was supposed
to do with the she like they had one of
those bed things with the paper in it
but I was sort of like okay we'll just
the sheet go long waves does it go
sideways I had some some idea of what I
supposed to do the sheet just from
episodes of friends really and lay it
across my lap
the gallon I was wearing a dress but it
was also freezing cold so it wasn't like
I could just you know take off my socks
and someone would be happy with it but
it was helpful to wear a dress because
it was just no I think psychologically
it didn't feel so much like I was taking
off all of my clothes and I think that
anything that you can do to help
yourself psychologically is self-care
anyway so obviously giving me the gown
and the sheath the nurse left and let me
change and said that she'd be back in a
little while with the doctor and she
didn't give me an idea of how long she
was gonna be so I was saying that on the
end of this like bed thing waiting for
her for about 20 minutes or so and it
wasn't the warmest office of all time I
also feel like that to me was the worst
part of the entire thing I didn't feel
nervous but I just felt like I was
having a physical anxious response in
some way so I was practicing my
breathing as I learned from Alexis video
I just saw distract myself and try to
think about other things it was just
this weird build-up to it that I don't
really understand anyway the doctor came
in I really liked my doctor this earned
a second time I've seen her so it's
quite intimate whoo-hoo the way to break
it off with the second time but she made
me feel comfortable and the nurse that
I'd spoken to earlier was there as well
and having that sort of consistent faces
around me there's consistent people
around me made me feel more comfortable
too so it was all very quick actually
like the whole thing took maybe at most
five minutes i scooted me down to the
end of the best thing Tommy to lay down
they put the sheet over like my knees
they created a little tent almost like
an operating tent inside I put my feet
on those stirrups things that Ross pulls
around with on the episode of France
funny thing was I was you know
deep breathing but not I wasn't feeling
as anxious or anything at that point I
was feeling pretty calm but she kept
telling me you've got to relax like I'm
completely relaxed in the most relaxed
it's possible for me to get you think
that this is me stressed out you should
see me stressed out but anyway
apparently like I don't show physical
signs of relaxation but it wasn't in any
way painful my cervix
that day is incredibly deep and she has
to kind of go borrowing for a bit what I
really liked about what she did it and I
what I expect most doctors should do if
don't actually do is that she told me
before she was going to touch me
she told me pretty much exactly what she
was doing it wasn't like she just said
at the beginning of the like couple of
minutes or however long the whole thing
took you know I'm going to touch you now
and that was it it was literally every
single time her hands make contact with
my body she said I'm going to touch you
and that was very helpful to me because
maybe somebody reassured about what was
happening and that was just some
excellent doctoring my doctor my nurse
and me were all kind of making jokes and
keeping it was thoroughly light-hearted
the actual plastic duck situation itself
was completely non painful to me really
like there was no pain whatsoever it
felt a little odd but it was it was fine
and then it was over very very quickly
it was over and I was given a pad like a
sanitary pad in case there's any
bleeding the rest of the day or any
other kind of liquid situation coming
out and coming I was also given a kind
of like one of these wet wipe types
that's super stereo obviously because
through in the doctor's office there
were two things that just made me feel
taken care of in its way so then they
left the whole things that you like five
minutes they said okay if it's something
serious or something is up not even
necessarily serious we'll call you and
if it's all fine you'll just get a
letter to the post and that's what
happened and then I was left to change
back into my clothes and it was a place
where I could clearly discard the gowns
and the sheets and then I checked out
and paid and left the doctor's office so
that was it really
I was very appreciative of the medical
care that I was given but I also feel
like it's such a mythological thing the
pap smear like I have to be honest I
didn't really know what smear test was
it's something that you hear everyone
talking about especially when you're the
youngest of three girls by a lot and
just it's you know it's something that
your sisters and their friends talk
about or other people in kind of distant
circles talk about it did come into sex
education when I was in school but I was
still by that point about ten years away
from my first one so it's not something
that I really retained so I didn't
really know
what to expect and it definitely was
something I pretended I knew a lot more
about and they actually did which is
worrying to me on several fronts and it
was so tremendously helpful to have
Lex's video there and to just feel like
it was something that I could ask my
doctor about if I had any questions
along the way and that I was made
comfortable during the experience of it
so that's my experience the first smear
test I've ever had if you are worried
about it please don't be please take the
health of your cervix and your body
seriously if speak to experts who know
what they're doing and if you ever feel
uncomfortable in those situations then
tell someone so yes that's it for today
a little bit of a festive cervix tale
for you and I will see you tomorrow bye
