hello everyone so every winter when the
heating starts coming on everything
dries up however many damp towels I put
out to try to put more moisture in the
air the heating just sucks everything
out and my lips crack and my face gets
dry I put a lot of rosehip oil on it and
that helps but there's something about
the air that is so dry and for me it
just aligns perfectly with the
depressive mindsets that I get into and
just the lack of something something
missing and then feeling yourself a
little bit like you're more prone to
crumbling than you were before I've been
thinking about a lot this weekend
because the theme of it for me in a way
has been water I took it at all
I'd say nighttime stroll but at 6 p.m.
it's so dark here there are far fewer
street lamps and normal and I'm walking
around at 6 p.m. feels like the level of
sometimes daring sometimes dangerous
then I feel walking around London 11 or
12 or 1:00 p.m. at 1:00 a.m. as a woman
by yourself because the lack of street
lamps and just the lack of people around
but I like to he knows night walks
sometimes especially in the rain because
the way the water and the light catch
one another the rhythmic sound of the
rain is really comforting to me as well
especially when my tinnitus is really
bad because it puts a kind of soothing
background there - it just makes
everything feel safer and special but
still with that cloak of night that I
love so that was something they did
today and we also just heard the news
that the pipeline construction was
denied easement so we'll have to reroute
by name is end of problems for native
people in the USA or for that tribe in
particular but it's a it's progress and
it is to be celebrated in that way I've
put some links to some people I follow
in twitch if you want to know more from
me to people about about what they're
going through and then last night as
well I was with friends down by the
White River here and the water didn't
look like it was moving until you caught
a glance of a leaf or a ripple and saw
that it was moving but very quietly and
patiently water is so patient
terrifyingly patient without sounding
German
the New Age I do feel like there is
always a lot to learn from water which
is why in the world from here on over I
go down to the shore because it's so
repetitive and soothing and it's there
and it's rhythmic it teaches me how to
breathe
it teaches my heart how to beat it
teaches me how to stand there and be
present and pay attention because as my
grandfather always told me my I will
either never turn your back to the ocean
it's a sign of disrespect in the ocean
will get angry it is you are slightly
distant from yourself
maybe it's putting things in perspective
maybe it's zooming out maybe it's the
opportunity to take a breath
maybe it's moments without distraction
maybe that's what people are talking
about when they talk about meditation
and maybe I am my immediate real life
communities certainly but water as much
because it's there and it's abundant we
turn on the tap and it's there we
hopefully turn on the hot water and it's
there but in communities that aren't
right here in communities particularly
that are close to the equator and are
more immediately feeling the effects of
climate change as we saw with el Nene on
those things are more in conversation or
in competing communities where water is
threatened like with the situation in
North Dakota with a pipeline there
the phrase that men and water is life
being repeated over and over again it
just had me thinking a lot about how
true that is and how lucky we had to
have it but how we can't be complacent
with it we can't be greedy with it I
just I'm worried about the relationship
we have to our planet and that does
sound new-agey and that does sound Earth
hippy and maybe that's who I am all the
way deep down inside me I don't know I
think we have to start thinking about
our planet in a more immediate way
especially in the face of everything
that's happening around the world but I
wanted to read this poem that's very
short by Tammy Dickenson that I've been
thinking a lot about today and water has
taught my thirst land by the oceans past
transport by through peace by its
battles told love by memorial mold but
by the snow hello but Emily Dickinson
for you that there's something so
soothing and we are showing you about
water it is that feeling of what -
teaching me something and maybe I'm
feeling it more now because I've been in
landlocked state and the White River is
very small I don't know what I am trying
to say I don't know whether there's a
grain of thought or advice to come out
of this I don't know whether there's
something coherent a bombing day where I
am to come out of this I think in some
ways it helps me feel less isolated
because it connects me to a history of
people my people and people worldwide
who have recognized the value of what we
have and I'll it recognized enough and I
have to make more of an active daily
effort to do that and who are committed
to protecting it and it kind of going
full circle back to that central heating
thing when it comes on and your lips get
really dry and and face gets really dry
one thing that I have found even more
effective than leaving damp towels out
leaving these little bowls of water
around the room and that kind of helps
keep the moisture in the air and that to
me always feels like little offerings to
something I'm not a religious person I
was brought up Catholic broadly atheist
these days there is that feeling of
something making a choice making a
moment and just appreciating it um and
that sometimes sounds crunchy but for me
it was helpful and soothing and I was
grateful for it
so that Sunday day for vlogmas see you
tomorrow
but
