hello everyone and happy Hamilton
mixtape release day very excited about
that there's something about taking the
time to listen to all of the tracks and
order that is such a precious moment I
listened to the whole thing through once
just paying attention to the songs and
then today at worth a listen to it on
repeat and was doing emails and project
awesome organizing and all sorts of
other things too and it was just so
motivational just having that creative
energy I don't want to use a word energy
there I was going to say it's like a
happy Dementor but you know what it's
like it's a Patronus it makes me feel
protected it makes you feel full of
creative gusto it makes you feel excited
like in part of some kind of group
moment and that is the feeling that I
want from the internet if you've seen my
blood brothers video today it's about
logging off and about the time I took
off but also about the Internet as
infrastructure and possibility and
something open not something static not
some finite thing that we're trying to
get to someone in comments said to me
and you know obviously there's got a
little bit under my skin otherwise I
won't be remembering enough to say it
but someone said to me you know what you
want you just want an expansion of your
echo chamber I want everyone to apart
the internet i went to see things break
and exploit and that's great and
everything but firstly that's not what i
want i see this echo chamber and it
scares me I think that it's terrible for
us to be on our own echo chambers in the
one hand there is the safety side of it
that sense of going back into something
so that you may go out into the world
and that sets of genuine protection but
on the other hand I think it does lend
to a lack of listening and a failure to
imagine other people as anything more
than less than you or somehow deficient
in some way and I also think that it
really shapes the way we talk about
other people we'd like playing around a
lot of the idea of tiny internet and
what a tiny internet would constitute
and whether why I need to go back
personally to some kind of tiny internet
in my mind just to get my head around
play around with pieces and under
and what fits and where one thing I do
want to do over this love miss is a
state of the in boxes because i have so
many in boxes and i just want to figure
out the purpose and what I'm going there
for and what other people are using them
for that sounds really boring but I
think it's gonna be exciting I'm excited
for it there are great lease the
internet and Twitter a place that I
honed in on at the end of my video
because i think that twitter has been
the central a lot of these discussions
about echo chambers and rightly so
because it's like a Shakespearean
heroine or hero its biggest and best
tree is also its downfall it's the
vaulting ambition of Macbeth it's the
procrastination of Hamlet these things
that are so good about Twitter the fact
that you can actively curate voices and
have the option of listening to people
that you've never heard foreign voices
and thoughts and ideas and histories and
stories and presents and futures that
you've never heard about before or that
you want to him or that you're seeing a
lack of in other forms of things that
you're interacting with whether that's
muse or people your interaction with
your day to day life countries are
interacting and interacting with
interacting is a really hard word to say
a lot when you are having a lot of
thoughts at once interacting with in
your day-to-day life the possibility
thereof including those voices in the
conversation is massive however on the
other hand it does allow us to create
these spaces where we're not hearing
from other voices and we also kind of
see things as a self-fulfilling prophecy
and there's a lot of strange
confirmation bias going on and then
everyone kind of not even necessarily as
harshness this but sort of Pat's each
other on the back about it and doesn't
develop that listening skill as much
maybe or develops it in a very
particular environment in a very
particular context but not necessarily
as broadly as we need to address some of
the problems that we're coming across
and to really make progress on some of
the stickier issues as it were whether
that's something as politically specific
as immigration or something less
politically specific and border rural
versus urban areas and that sort of
divide there or English speaking and
non-english speaking countries and how
they interact with one another and talk
talk about one another talk to one
another make things accessible and
inaccessible to one another there are so
many things that it can and cannot
address and often they're tired along
the same lines I think partly because
not necessarily even how to choose
design but how we have used it I don't
think that when they made Twitter they
went wit er was created on the 7th day I
don't think that could have been any
idea about how people would necessarily
use it in 2016 it's going to be our
response to platforms like that and the
platform's response as well but I think
more so our response to it and where we
choose to pitch our tent next that's
going to be the way where we understand
more about ourselves and it also
communicates more about what we want
from our online experience but really
it's kind of false wait to separate that
from my day-to-day experience that's the
same thing with Twitter in particular I
worry a lot about Twitter and journalism
because I was having a conversation with
John I think recently we were talking
about whether Twitter was better than
what it has replaced you know like
Twitter as your home base for news which
I know it is for a lot of people twitter
is the place where you expect to hear
up-to-the-minute factual accounts of
what's happening right now at least from
some sources depending on who you're
following is that kind of headline
journalism and articles being skewed
towards the headline and skewed towards
the preview image is that better than
what it's replaced because maybe it's
given access to more people to the news
so that it's not being communicated in
the same way as Bibles were written in
Latin so people who went to church and
talked about the Bible didn't really
know what they were talking about
because they weren't given access
to latin unless it were wealthy i don't
know is that this I'm kind of like
getting stuck in on myself a little bit
but I think that we've lost the rigor in
journalism and I think that part of that
is because the way we feasted upon this
minute by minute feeling and this on the
ground use dad then their headline
itself the 140 characters itself became
the news and i think that to its credit
twitter as a platform has responded to
that by trying to do things like moments
and include lots of different
perspectives that and i think that
certain general is so pushing back on
that and finding ways around that and
challenging that and it's having a lot
of those other voices in there as well
but challenge those headlines that are
just you know clickbait and that we see
that replicated in print media because
they know that they're going to be
sharing tomorrow's papers over twitter
so there was a wall street journal
covered recently for example that
twitter or at least the people i follow
on twitter said wait a minute it takes
three paragraphs if used to get what to
the point of this article which is that
this person is lying about what they're
saying and it's the front page story so
those kinds of examinations are
interesting but at the same time I still
are not convinced that it is better than
what it has replaced and that is not to
say that which necessarily go backwards
and delete or and that was sufficient
because it wasn't and a huge part of
that was all on us we weren't paying
enough attention to the stories inside
the newspaper from around the world
certain things were pushing our buttons
much more than others it's not that
different from what it has replaced in
some ways but it's this feeling of
getting the full story and not only
getting the full story being an expert
on it that I feel as a little bit new
and I feel is a sort of change in
attitude and yeah I didn't know
something about that hyper intellectual
expert culture confuses me because
intellectualism to me had always been
something to aspire to and to celebrate
and you know was classified as one of
the
things that made people outsiders and I
was like well why is knowing more things
and outside but there's so much allowing
to me is choosing to open the door and
see all of the things that you don't
know and maybe that's what I don't see
reflected I kind of also spoke by that
my vlog brothers video that despite as
hyper intellectualism the most
intellectual thing to me almost has
always been saying I don't know here's a
way we could think about it what do you
think and there's less of that there's
more well this is what you meant by what
you said or actually here is what you
think and I don't think I'm taking that
person me I've got a pretty thick skin I
don't think it's about me being offended
or not I think it's about the way we
have chosen to communicate knowledge
online and you know maybe it wasn't an
active choice but maybe it's slightly
born of the way we're using the tools on
the internet I don't know these are my
thoughts there's my thoughts I had a
chance to respond to your comments from
yesterday at actually so I'm going to be
doing that and while i'm not going to be
making granola this is going to be in
the background video for december but
i'm going to be making granola today
it's banana bread good neighbor say
while the head's in the oven then I
great to be a sony to comments which I'm
excited to do because I love your
comments they're also great they were
paragraph long and it was wonderful
anyway I will see you tomorrow fight I
went hello you to everyone who has
subscribed and come over from log
brothers this is my channel this is what
I do when talk about I confused myself
and then we spend a lot of time talking
comments all right sweetie seen Mike
