hello I'm recording this before work and
I had to wait for the Sun to come up
before I could start filming it was just
me staring out the window channeling my
mother saying Mars in my recent video
about to Monday they do Zod cheese books
I talked a little bit about how the
order in which you read a book changed
the way you read and approach the text
in that context I was talking about
reading them in publication order and I
think that the effect it has all the way
you read and understand the text happens
whether you're reading that text for the
first time or the 21st time had another
of those experiences just the other week
when I was reading Sula by Toni Morrison
the mothers by brick Bennett these two I
mentioned in a previous video and swing
time by Zadie Smith which is her new
book Sula came out in 1973 the mothers
was released in October this year and
sometime came out literally the other
day the stories went together a
portraits of female friendship of black
and brown girls of mothers and daughters
and the older women of communities who
write stories and write histories and
have received wisdom the older women
bring an echo the familiarity of these
experiences of what the girls are doing
and how it marries their own lives and
their own experiences and their own
mistakes the fights and these
friendships are better the children can
be cruel they make terrible choices at
times they carry those choices
throughout their lives and they define
themselves or are defined in the
perceived recesses overlap of the girl
beside them alternately I suppose you
could say that they project their own
perceived inadequacies on their convex
companion it's like this like a little
spoon and a big spoon but you know it
goes back and forth the complexity and
particularity is of that kind of bond
even when those girls wish that born no
longer existed and tried to fret and try
to snap it were examined so wonderfully
in these books that I just wanted to
like poke around that a little bit
boring and and discuss that a bit more
so first let's talk about doubling
doubling for me is one of my favorite
themes and texts not just the initial
double or just the initial pair but the
idea of repetition and trauma that's
been a really useful lens into
literature for me and as some of you
know a terrible the station about trauma
and fiction specifically in fiction
after 9/11 anyway girls together and
fiction groups of girls or pairs of
girls are often captured
secretive as giggling as attached at the
hip in some cases like The Shining and
that modern classic Pretty Little Liars
or even the spookier installments of
Sweet Valley High they are the stuff of
horror they're in their own private
world this is sometimes represented by a
private language that they've made up
together or a vernacular composed of
moments and references that might as
well be a foreign tongue and often the
parents and guardians of these girls are
presented in quite a judgemental manner
like they behave quite judgmentally
towards the other girls they don't
approve of the other they don't approve
of the mother they think that their way
of doing things is better but this just
back and forth and you can see that
everyone's perspective everyone's frame
of reference everyone's position about
what's important to them affects the
ways that they regard other people
including other children and sometimes
as children can be seen as malicious and
inherently bad so this in itself
demonstrates the fragility of the good
bad idea and also how foundational that
social context brick is in the way we
perceive things the girls in these books
at least initially are intoxicated by
one another's presence they find
something there and they are with one
another constantly physically and
thinking about little des stories they
have together all of these novels
discuss the act of creation of herself
but none so explicitly as sooner there
are lines like I don't want to make
nobody else I want to make myself and
one of my favorite Sula was so scared
that she had mutilated herself to
protect herself in these novels we see
young women is aging in molding their
plastic selves but also in adapting and
sometimes destroying themselves in the
face of trauma there is the trauma of
secret decisions made together of
letters sent from one to the other
containing secrets or lies that were
never shared with anyone else but also
let's not underestimate the trauma of
hormones and frankly of becoming
becoming yourself becoming face with
your own multiple identities losing any
sense of your inherent goodness that
you're inherently making the right
choices at all times that is if you ever
possess such assurance at all
trauma is in the fabric of these young
lives and trauma
fiction has often been represented
through repetition returning to the same
images the same ideas of same places but
often warps the structure of all of
these novels involves plate with time
fragmenting the story as friendships
appear to shatter and placing tight
ropes across bolt lines but also leaving
out those memories and those parts of
life not important enough to hold on to
so that the narrative itself becomes the
narrative the most important moments of
a friendship and of a life that's warmer
and then there are lies and telling lies
telling lies was a very important part
of my childhood and my childhood
friendships I was a bit of a liar the
narrator in swing time who I do believe
is ever given a name which is
fascinating in itself that we don't have
time for that today she talks about the
lies told between the two girls and the
friendship and the understanding that
you don't point to it and now as if we
were both trying to get on a seesaw at
the same time neither of us press too
hard and a delicate equilibrium was
allowed to persist I could have my evil
ballerina if she could have her backing
dancer maybe I never got out of this
habit of elaboration thinking about it
now and all the pretension of my
adulthood your childhood friends are the
first audiences for your lives but also
for your stories they don't know
everything about you because they
haven't been around you in the same way
as the immediate nuclear people you grew
up with half so just as when you change
schools you can ask to be cooled by a
different name from the name you've been
known as for the rest of your life you
can also create your own history or at
least you feel that you can you feel
agency in who you are crafting your
family tree crafting stories about it
about where you've been about what kind
of person you are through all of the
signals we learn signal all of these
other things to other people respect to
the mythologies that you compose and
your friends compose is part of the
social contract of friendship even when
you know that something your friend is
saying is a lie it's a deep deep
betrayal of that social contract to
point out that why there is an exposure
there that's reliant on that other
person knowing something deeply about
you best friend share memories through
their experiences but they're also
blinded by that trauma that I mentioned
before and this rumor that something
elsea involves them and is caused by
them so this moment of deep can
and this shared experience is also the
very thing that makes them run from one
another in declaring independence from
your family you seek new family in your
friends a new kind of bond that doesn't
place limits on your autonomy but the
possibility and limitations come in the
sense that your friend knows you there's
all of the worst things about you
sometimes better than you know yourself
the potential for blackmail and the
destruction of the identity that you
have so carefully forged is immense
there this is also at time where the
space of female friendship is the space
in which sex and sexuality is discussed
often for many female friends their
friends are the first people with whom
they'll have some kind of sexual
experience whether that's practicing
kissing or something else and that's
across the spectrum whether they are gay
or bi or straight or anything else
identify as anything else
I remember the amazing coyote two girls
in my earring and either year eight or
year nine of school taking one another
into the stockroom
of our pod Cap'n's after our school went
down and showing each other how to give
head for the first time and I just
remember thinking like wow like we can
share that we can share that experience
and that knowledge so that we feel more
comfortable in these spaces and this is
a space that we could talk about these
things and these concerns but then also
demonstrate these things
having said that sex in these novels is
not all euphoria the sex in the mothers
leads to some pretty serious
life-altering complications a lot of
those have to do with ownership of the
body and the girl body becoming the
adult body sooner is described as using
sex to find sorrow as she grows up sex
becomes a window to an emotional
literacy in the most those cases is not
really about her partner it's about
accessing something and getting in touch
with something that she cannot access
otherwise the girls and the mothers to
find themselves unsatisfied and
unfulfilled she couldn't imagine feeling
satisfied she was always searching for
the next challenge the next job the next
city in law school she's become prickly
and analytical getting a sharpness while
Luke had round
and felt she felt hungry all the time
always wanting needing more but Luke had
pushed away from the table already
patting his full stomach starvation and
hunger is a recurring theme in the
fiction of women whether that's literal
physical hunger sexual hunger or
otherwise this wanting is craving this
looking for everything you're lacking
comes into further relief when you have
that friendship with someone who seems
to be the inverse of you who seems to be
everything you're lacking or who you're
told is everything you're lacking some
of these framers the classic you have
the dominant one and the other one the
good one and the bad one where stories
are told through to you girls it's hard
not to think about how they have seen
and by other people and what kind of
judgments people place upon them the
sounds properly coming off as I make
this I have to keep turning the ISO down
Zadie Smith writes did all friendships
all relations involve this discrete and
mysterious exchange of qualities this
exchange of power did it extend to
peoples and nations or was it a thing
that happened only between individuals
what did my father give my mother and
vice versa what did mr. booth and I give
each other what did I give Tracy what
did Tracy give me and again in the
mother's home tugged her back in the
form of a breathless phone call from
Aubrey that in itself raises the
question for me where do these
friendships live the intimacy of the
breathless phone call the intimacy of
the girls room with posters away of the
walls the older women the mothers living
in up her in that space of shared faith
and shared history and shared social
interaction the stage on which their
whole lives is set they live in the
house of the other girl the one who's
home promises something yours does not
there's comfort there but there's also
taboo the friendships live and breed in
spaces that are claustrophobic in towns
that are claustrophobic by senior year
she thought of oceanside as a tiny beach
setting trapped inside a snow globe
occasionally she might take it down from
her bookshelf and gaze at it but she
could never fit inside my mother and I
never lived together again after a year
and already we were unsure how to relate
to each other in our new incarnations to
adult women occupying for the moment the
same space these spaces cannot
accommodate the self making of the girls
and yet they are called back to them
again and again you can think of it as
perhaps a pilgrimage as this
understanding that each other and part
of themselves are found on those places
but also when they come back to these
places they've changed inevitably it
comes back to that idea of the Warped
image the warps torment is their frame
of reference for the pain and confusion
they're running from I also found there
but again not quite because our
hometowns and the stages of the most
important parts of our lives do not stay
consistent they change and in Sula this
is documented brilliantly through the
idea of bottom itself and how it changes
and how how whiteness changes and
manipulates that physical environment so
you return to something familiar and
also something painful but it is yet
further fragmented Bennett rights in a
way subtle racism was worse because it
made you feel crazy
you were always left wondering was that
actually racist had you just imagined it
and that has played out on the changing
environment on the changing of one
another and the doubting of the self
that you have so carefully forged
there's several other female friendships
and swing time that between the narrator
and her boss and the narrator and the
character hawa one of these people is
extremely manipulative one is open and
joyful and the curse of the framing of
the novel and it's easy to see them as
facets of Tracy and in many ways was
playing up behavior that the narrator
has learned and developed through her
relationship with Tracy but these women
are also their own with their own
identities often I think the friendships
we form in adulthood can have as much
sting or joy as the friendships we
formed on the playground the girls we
hurt and who hurt us the shared memories
and shared fictions we carry are both
precious and extremely vulnerable and
particularly the very existence of young
black and brown girls is threatened by
other specters this is described in an
early scene in the mothers all the while
Upper Room remained a source of calm
pastor Shepherd urging sense in a
situation that made nun to be killed
over a jacket a child waiting for fish
tacklers outside our web dos who
borrowed a jacket because she was cold
because her mother had fussed at her for
coming home without one and tempting
sickness another specter is the quote
unquote true story putting a shot
through these projections of yourself
through the idea of the black dancer
secretly the star of the show for whom
you imagined this lustrous glass
history but you grew up and land it was
nothing but mistreatment for her there's
so much more to say and that I haven't
said but that's what the comments
discussion is for so I'm just going to
finish with a passage from swing time I
looked at my stupid feet that couldn't
do wings I sat down and began quietly to
cry this changed nothing and after a
minute I found myself pitiful and
stopped I decided to busy myself
organizing Barbies wardrobe all her
clothes had been stuffed into Ken's
open-top automobile it was my plan to
extract them flatten them hang them on
their little hangers and place them back
into the wardrobe the kind of game I was
never permitted to play at home due to
its echoes of domestic oppression
halfway through this painstaking
procedure Tracey's heart mysteriously
softened towards me she slipped from the
bed and joined me cross-legged on the
floor together we got that tiny white
woman's life in order I'll see you soon
