hi sir the other day Donald Trump was
elected president which has been
something that broke into lots of little
pieces and I actually in fact yesterday
I couldn't go into work because I just
felt so absolutely devastated as I know
many of you did I have the luxury of
having a job that will allow me to work
from home and sit in bed all day and
just cry my eyes out and not really be
able to do much at all except for listen
to my favorite songs and and just try to
piece together a lot of this and when it
says about what it confirms I think is
the one of the scarier things what it
confirms about where we are and that
doesn't just go back to brexit and it
doesn't just go back to like the general
election last year in the UK it just
it's a much bigger picture of where
we're at with racism and sexism and
populism the way we see one another and
the way we have seen and that felt very
very personal with Trump in particular
being Mexican and also just being in a
community of human beings and so on it's
been extremely difficult and to deal
with as I know it has been for many of
you I want you to give voice to that a
little bit because I'm hearing
especially from people you know in the
ether who I don't necessarily know but
just a lot of like well wait and see
let's wait and see but it's not it's not
something that's not happening right now
there was a pause button between the
election and when it starts the violent
language that's been used the violent
misogyny the violent racism the violent
homophobia just the the violent ableism
that is something that continues to
happen and continues to be perpetuated
when we give permission to the to the
use of this language on on a grand stage
and particularly when we legitimize that
through coverage and then putting those
people in positions of extreme power so
it's absolutely heartbreaking and but I
just want to say those things because
part of it feels like a little bit of
taking stock of the situation taking
care of yourselves
and Ben
find yourselves in to one another and
letting yourself be angry and letting
yourself be devastated because I think
that that's the only way that we can
engage with those parts of our
communities and of our personal activism
and plans for what we want to do what we
want to make that will allow us to move
forward in this and that will allow us
to have the kinds of conversations and
take the kinds of actions that we need
to take so and that's something that I
would really encourage you to give
permission to do I know that a lot of
people wouldn't have been able to take
yesterday off work or off school but if
you can give yourself time over the
coming week or so then please do one of
the first ways I did that was she
scrambled my Twitter passwords for a
week this has been a very long campaign
tease and it's what like five hundred
fifty days or something or even more
than that it's absolutely exhausting and
I'm a political junkie but I couldn't I
couldn't keep looking at it I found it
very helpful to see other people's
reactions and to feel that sense of
solidarity I suppose and it was also
important to see the immediate
ramifications for their job is who are
asked by their family members to not
wear their hijab to see a Kunis tweet
about the heartbreaking conversation she
had with relatives in the South who were
giving her advice about when not to go
outside and and how to stay safe I think
Twitter isn't in itself a bad thing it's
about what we put into it however I do
think that for me for a moment I was
just kind of staring at it Orlin and
letting it all write my code in a lot of
ways I wasn't able to stop and process
while I was still on it so I'm taking a
little time of that another thing I did
was watch the speeches that Barack Obama
gave with his best bud Joe Biden Hillary
Clinton's brilliant concession speech
which to me was a little bit like
twisting the knife she was so composed
and collected and with generous and
defiant the US political spectrum is far
more to the right than the British one
but at the same time I just was just
kind of like she made a great president
she made a great president and it's such
a shame so watch that and that
was kind of cathartic in a way I think
it
allowed me to get the tears out in a
focused way and then I rewatched this
speech that Barack Obama gave a few days
ago about why fired up and ready to go
basically started being a thing it was
about small-scale community activism and
community engagement and that for me was
very very helpful I also listened to
James for my father which is Iraq
Obama's memoir which is brilliant and
beautiful and I've read a couple of
times but I recently downloaded the
audiobook and listening to him read it
out loud
especially much younger Obama he still
has that sort of youthful vibe going on
it was really really helpful to do that
and it was kind of soothing in a way
separate from that I listened to the
killers and Brandon Flowers all day and
then moved into Haim as almost being a
little bit better listened to Lord my
friend at least called me which was such
a lovely thing because I didn't really
hadn't really wanted to speak to anyone
but because I was so scared of just
breaking down into tears but speaking to
her made me feel a lot lot better so I'd
encourage you to talk to people if you
can about it with your voice I think
that there's something about that that
is helpful in its way if you have
someone whether it's in person or over
Skype or any of those things I hope
there is that person for you I know some
of you live in communities with a lot of
people who strongly disagree with your
point of view and who you may have rated
for etcetera and you know I'm sending
you love and support in that time
because while I am in a very red state
I'm also in a very blue city in a very
red state I can only imagine how
difficult that is basic advice take a
walk trick water especially if you've
been crying a lot drinking water always
feels like an oasis in the middle of the
desert after I've been crying a lot take
a breath take a lot of grass lots of
very very deep breaths I read most of
Sula by Toni Morrison yesterday which
was brilliantly just truly truly
brilliant and I'll talk about that more
in another video and then once I was
feeling a little tiny bit more stable
then I watched cosmos a neil degrasse
tyson documentary series and something
about that sort of educational wonder to
me was very helpful and gave me a lot of
perspective and it's almost as their own
I'm building a schedule for myself I'm
building a structure for myself so that
I can have the energy and the tools that
I
to go into the world and make the
changes that I want to make and that
extends to this channel too I mean there
are there are voices I haven't included
in the conversation on this channel as
much there are topics I really care
about that I haven't talked about as
much so that that's something that I'll
be doing here
I would stress self-care and being kind
to yourself and being kind to those
around you it's okay to take a minute so
that you can spend a decade working you
know like it's okay to take however long
you need so that you can do the good and
beautiful work that you will be doing
and you're not alone in that because you
have a lot of people with you and even
if you don't feel that you have a lot of
people with you please feel that you
will always have me with you I'm very
very proud to be part of this community
very grateful for it and I look forward
to talking about all of this a little
bit more with you over the coming time
but for now I'm just going to take a
take a second and I'd encourage you to
do the same so I'll speak to you soon
right
