when we came back from holidays when I
was a little girl it was always my
sisters I have two who are the ones who
sorted through the post they put it into
piles big part of my dad decent part of
my mom unsolicited adverts and free
newspapers and circulars I particularly
liked it when these had scratch cards my
personal enjoyment may be a postcard or
three for my sister's each from friends
and boys telling them about their summer
holidays and in the tragic case of the
much younger sister usually nothing for
me unless we've gone away over my
birthday then there would be birthday
cards my grandpa passed away over a
decade ago now but I remember him saying
and my parents repeating that if you
wanted to receive a letter you had to
write a letter and oh how I yearned for
a letter even a missive from the bank
those seemed very exciting to me at the
time and now not so much and parcel
parcels of the stuff of mystery of books
I read and films I watched I craved the
romantic notion of someone taking the
time to put things together wrap them
all up and hand them into the care of
the Royal Mail and if it was especially
exciting there would be a blue rectangle
on it that said airmail part of you my
favorite books in fact as many of you
will know by this point are about a boy
who receives the letter when he's 11 at
the beginning of the third installment
of the seven part series he receives
packages with cake and sweets and
letters and birthday cards and that
invaluable invisible gift of someone
saying I've been thinking of you I think
you might need this through these very
books and the things that I was inspired
to make from them I found friends online
including the lovely Katie hi and much
of our initial friendship once we moved
beyond MySpace messages was built upon
sending parcels back and forth foreign
editions of Harry Potter notes
illustrations things we found that
reminded us of one another things we've
made so what does the status now of the
parcel that we have subscription boxes
not too long ago I received an email
from a company called quarterly just as
in part of the weird world of making
videos on the internet I've received
emails from other companies offering
subscription boxes for review there's a
sanitary books and the thing that made
me respond and say yes please rather
than my standard no thank you I
to many things and one day we will die
and someone else will have to sort
through the detritus of our lives and a
general acquiring stuff at a moment
sends me into a panic is that the book
was curated by Britt Bennett author of
the mothers but I have wanted to really
too since I first saw the reviews
alongside this book which I have just
finished and really loved its words and
its story even more wonderful than the
stomach cover there was a welcome note
from Britt Bennet that was sooner of by
Toni Morrison which I had never read but
John loves and we should all be
feminists but she remanded Nicosia
deechi which I adore t a temporary
tattoo and a monk all very lovely she
received very carefully put together
neatly boxed and presented but my
immediate thought was how many people
will choose this aside from the
financial restriction many of us
subscribed to so many things already
whether that's phone plans Netflix or
just water and electricity when do we
reach our capacity what is it we want
what is it we're craving where we reach
the subscriptions like this you know the
usual light frothy thoughts that I have
on a weekend I even the mothers began
reading and quickly saw that my copy was
filled with post-it notes my initial
thought was that there had been a
mistake
someone's proof copy had been sent to me
a desk mix up from tired hands I
considered them that someone had gone
through and annotated this copy just for
me and then I felt a bit foolish as I
realized by touching the shine of the
post-it notes and looking at the careful
handwriting that these were printed I
was immediately transported back to my
sisters copy of dear babysitter a
collection of letters and postcards
purportedly sent between members of the
baby-sitters club the letters slid in
and out of envelopes and to me all of
five or six and stealing my sister's
book they felt so real and intimate but
looking at this copy of the mothers with
its post-it notes I have to admit
initially I felt a bit sad it's one
thing to try to live in that intimacy in
fiction but this was trying to show me a
real person and yet someone had to have
placed each of these post-it notes into
the right places and the right passages
of this book and that weird realization
was enough in and of itself to stop me
from feeling strange and then on top
that I thought someone in this case
Britt Bennet had to go through the book
and think of what I one of her readers
would like to read about her process of
making what did she want to share what
footnotes do you add to the book once
the book exists it's like a living
genius page with notes from the author
or a commentary track on a DVD it's both
the liner notes and the annotated
edition are we just looking for
indicators of personhood I recently
finished listening to the first two
seasons of NPR's brilliant podcast
invisibie Leah and one episode begins
with a story of a man who received a
speeding ticket apparently entirely from
a computer system in an early case of
photo traffic enforcement
he doesn't pay the fine and indeed
instead opts to have a little fun with
it until he sees proof of human
involvement there's something that
indicates a person here not so much the
imitation of real post-it notes with
real handwriting but the careful
placement of them someone took the time
for you with packages and subscription
services is it enough to say that we're
just consumers rapidly wanting to
acquire stuff or do we crave someone
else's time I was deeply curious to see
what Britt Bennett would pick what
collection of curated objects she put
together but it was also that rush of
receiving post receiving something
someone has made for you someone giving
you a book saying I read this and
thought you'd love it someone giving you
part of the intimate usually private
experience of writing and reading
someone who has left traces of reading
that book and reacting to it I have many
books with many post-it notes and what
does this all take on when you receive a
subscription service as a gift for
Christmas or birthday or another holiday
or just because is there more distance
between us all or are we closer to one
another have the railway tracks of our
connection changed or merely the trains
themselves I don't know let me know what
you think in comments and I'll see you
soon bye
