in late August 2016 I decided to cook
from the same cookbook for a month
specifically a modern way to cook by
Donna Jones I intended to keep a cooking
diary instead I tried to what turned out
to be one of the worst mental health
months of my life
as I edit this I remembered that despite
how dark I was feeling how sad how
trapped in my own brain we can't go over
it we can't go under it we have to go
through it this is back burner so it's
moving to the USA I'd found myself
cooking less ordering in Moore and
settling for evenings of plain pasta new
supermarkets with their aisles of
different produce are always
disorienting I think but for me as
someone who has struggled with eating
disorders and energy-sapping depression
over the years points I was downright
afraid of food okay so it's time to make
kruhulik huh well say breakfast was
delicious it's time to make lunch I'm
making a kale smashed honeyed carrot and
hers it says ten minutes which
incidentally is how long I have before I
have to leave for my nutribullet is like
it's good this is the fun these are the
antics that you wanted okay coming up
step one get the mold out of your
nutribullet head - when you three
squeeze nice thinking about how I'm
gonna get this produce a good fruit
flavor and then I looked into my
balsamic vinegar and they were dead
flies inside really do feel the pressure
I think I generally just feel a little
bit stressed in the mornings like I love
my job but it's amazing but the morning
I'm like oh god there's so much to me
just chill out
has formed something that we can that we
can face the conclusion is that
nutribullets are not likely processes
which I knew and have known for a while
but I was being hopeful baby carrots
always cheaper I got some seeded rye
bread I realized that my oven was on the
date that's a limit should have been on
the boil setting but either way you
might brag does not seem to have baked
or broiled us bread is weird man tastes
like sugar there all right time to give
work like 7:30 p.m. I went to look for
hand blender because I've been told that
that's a really good alternative to a
food processor I wouldn't be able to put
it into my backpack just cycle back I'm
really tired
I feel like this gives a good idea of
what I look like after work I think I
love that comes when I don't eat when I
got home yeah I just kind of like leave
a bit too long and they get too hungry
and then just feel a bit like a drug to
be I just feel really really tired
that evening I decided to make the white
university s-seem vessel and what I
really felt like I was learning at this
point was to assembly fillings gets
heavier fillings and sandwich fillings
alike
I'm going to make an omelet
it's the soft green herb omelet I don't
know like I have a complicated
relationship with eggs for my personal
health and well-being at this moment in
time it is necessary for me to eat eggs
every we could get so far into the
discussion in an ideal world I wouldn't
but right now I have to and I also since
I started eating eggs again in like
occasionally had some dairy and other
things like that I've become more aware
of the conversation around stopping
eating those things and a lot of it
really plays into that like shameful way
we talk about food and it makes me
really sad because I think it can really
feed into you like it reminds me of that
horrible book Skinny Bitch that I read
once that was once very helpful to me
but looking back at it was actually like
a really negatively charged book and
just made me feel terrible about myself
my choices and and and and not in a
sustainable way just in a way that made
me hate myself and hate the food I was
eating threw up this good versus bad
dichotomy and do you know there's
terrible terrible terrible things going
on in the food industry not just in the
meat and dairy industry across the food
industry terrible things once you look
under the leaf there isn't there are a
lot of problems going on and I think it
is important to be mindful of that but
it's like something hostile about it
that's not gonna get anyone to make
sustainable change to their life if you
just make people feel like it's all
good on that note let's make another I'm
in a place right now where I'm just so
it's okay the way we talk to each other
about what they're eating is just not
okay they really know what I'm doing
about following instructions at five or
six times in different places undulating
waves of sunshine yellow eggs so it does
look quite undulating like a planet
slightly everything
but at the mint and the tarragon really
make it was delicious Fairlake Herzlich
prettier in the book but I'm not going
to punish myself for that and it was
good day
a mosquito bite on one leg Halas that's
about 11:00 p.m. I am exhausted and I
see that way too late finishing the Edit
on my London video brain very much a
fried egg right now I'm going to do
something overnights again but this time
when you do them with coconut milk this
is just what happens when I sit up to
date everything falls apart but I did
the dishes which always makes you feel
good good morning I am eating my oats
I think so many I just I struggled to
get the quantities right with this one
like half wasn't enough and a whole one
it's too much no it's really good I
really like the coconut with it
I definitely feel the effects are going
to come going to back far too late last
night so you're gonna try and fix that
tonight one thing that's been really
nice about repeating the same recipe
front of the week is feeling more and
more confident every time I do it and
now I can just like out the ingredients
and undo it and that's kind of what I
want with this like I want to this no
recipes off the bat and not feel like
the MEAC took it out like the cookbook
its intimidating or will involve a lot
of bother or anything it's kind of just
like familiarizing myself with good ways
I can make good meals whether that's for
lunch or a dinner party or a Saturday or
the full week like whatever it is just
something that I can go and feel really
comfortable with and comfortable making
because I feel like I used to have all
of these things at the tip of my fingers
and now I don't and part of that is like
the relocation feeling of things
becoming unfamiliar and also just not
really knowing ya where to go to get the
things that I that I do need like the
things that are there an are available
but kind of just feeling a bit lost
about where to go for them the nice
thing is that now I am making the
unfamiliar familiar that's the opposite
of the uncanny which renders familiar
unfamiliar a little bit of English
search to work for you there hello it's
sort of it would invent with it but I'm
not too many warnings as a result I
wasn't able to go back to this go to the
supermarket after work pick up the
things I need to pick up to making new
and exciting dinner been stellar
that I have a little curry that I made
on Sunday and I just make that because
it's now 6:40 when I got back to my
powers out so I couldn't make huge my
energy levels are so so low and I feel
so tired and all it what to do is climb
into bed and go to sleep it's funny
documenting it has made me more aware of
when that happens like when that mood
dip just crashes like this this is
making it up curry from that weekend
with a little bit mango chutney and also
just burnt my hand because these things
are metal someone didn't think this
through so today was a full day the
various reasons just sort of going on
trying to decide what to make the dinner
and for the next couple of days as well
because I'm gonna make some that course
but I said I've had a bunch of bread in
the last few days I really feel like it
today
so I also say they get to go it's also
pay day so I get to go to the
supermarket which is very exciting
I've ordered a hand blender that's not
gonna get here until next Wednesday so
it's kind of an ongoing challenge you
know what can we make without there's
like salads hash browns which sounded
quite good but I just really know that I
want them right now and they're like
having a weird food day sometimes I'm
never on my period I just like there are
things that I don't want to eat at all
like they just I kind of imagine it's a
little bit like when people are pregnant
and they're just really would post move
some food I just this is part of it as
well it just happened before where I
moved I was sometimes just get in these
moods and I just don't want anything but
I'm really hungry and I need to eat
because I'm human being in the fuel
nobody ever whelmed but time would kill
me if she saw me falling down because of
this sorry Sarna I mean especially with
cookbooks I scribble all over them and
add in my notes of what worked and what
didn't work the thing now with the
conversations were having now especially
around those like periods I'm like how
did we not talk about this stuff before
because I it consumes my every waking
thought when I'm struggling through it a
chargrilled mushroom feast oh my god
this is amazing I need to invite you
over and make that all right I feel good
about it
we're going to make a lemongrass peanut
and herb one child I don't know how you
pronounce that I'm just gonna just go
for it Oh
makes you feel very slender right now I
have to say text it out which I
appreciate I have to say that you've
been putting this together like getting
my things together buying the right
ingredients feeling prepared has made me
feel so much better than I initially did
when I got home from work like I have it
like I really intended to just track my
cooking and track what I was making this
month and kind of get myself back into
it but I'm realizing or reading a few
days in is that it's really tracking my
mental health it's making me aware of
the days that I don't feel so good it
made me kind of some reasoning for that
and what makes you feel more purposeful
as well so it's been kind of fun and
let's get to it woo
and aside I definitely took for granted
what a mix of food and flavors I was
exposed to in London I grew up we used
to having great Thai and Indian and
Vietnamese food a short walk away when
I'm homesick I miss food the most
so good it did not take me to 20 minutes
as on the thing but that was because I
was speaking it
I don't allegedly pace you know just
cooking taking my time enjoying it
watching The West Wing what if the
important things if you're the enemies
if your mum's vietnamese if your does
get me its new exam yet means dude I
don't know that this would take taste
anything like you know proper get them
used to but to me it tastes delicious
especially because there are some of my
favorite foods in half avocado lime I
love the taste of lime and I also really
like peanut delighting is so dramatic at
this time of night so this morning there
was a really crazy thunderstorm like
really really intense and the powers
been out for about two hours now which
is just great because today was the day
here in Newtown shout I think it could
have been so much worse so it's
completely fine this extreme weather is
getting on my nerves
it's about noon I'm doing all of the
offline work I can because the power is
still not on in my flat which is just
creates so many problems that there are
so many things I used to do today that I
cannot do and it really stressed me out
but then I try to like collect anyway
luckily I have the leftovers from
yesterday
to the bars my client came on about 1:00
p.m. or something like that 1:30 maybe
you can totally tell from this that I've
had like a really weird few days like my
mental health is just not been great and
then I watch the video by Dodie could
angry and to pick me pretty angry you
know like it it just made me really
cross and just feel a little things that
I periodically feel when remembering sad
things it's just makes me so of course
that's big enough isn't it it's like
5:00 p.m. I've done as much work as they
can today
end of the day got on my bike went on
the set with gram flour which is needed
for one of the recipes that I wanted to
make couldn't find it absolutely
anywhere I know it has a bunch of other
names too chickpea flour being the main
one couldn't find it anywhere I want
please that had like 20 different types
of flour and none of them were anywhere
near it
and so just opted to semolina flour the
powers been out here all day pretty much
like it came back on for about three
hours and then it went off again so the
power is back on again it's like 10:00
p.m. now so that's just great because I
can make a cup of tea now I go to sleep
I am going to try not to be frustrated
by things not going exactly as I'd
planned so far I had a couple of very
successful days I have been aware of
what works and doesn't and also where
that I need to prepare like an emergency
kit for when the power goes up because
it happens here so it's okay and I were
Jason if I've come across this you know
unspooling because I was a little bit I
was thinking that every single doctor or
most doctors I've been to over the past
few years in some ways therapist as well
have really tried to get me to do a food
diary and I hate for you Diaries I I
start them I'll do like a week or two
and they just made me feel so horrible
and I didn't like anything about them
they just fill me with personal shame
this in a way I'm realizing is serving
the function of maybe what that was
supposed to serve me I've seen the
patterns in my mood and my behavior how
it's affected by the circumstances
around me food diaries the moment I
would write something down it would take
me back to that moment of like tracking
and accounting and all of these things
that are really toxic to me personally
so they would be counterproductive and
then I just spiral and then I just type
refused to do it or lie I really thinks
that is to be such a mental health month
but it has apparently been that
pasta is such after work status to me
when I'm in the dark place is quick and
easy and bland making it took away the
passivity unit for me
photogenic succeed as Wallflower Tina's
friends
what
listen we're getting closer feeling good
about this
I know I am in there what Tomatoes gonna
be edible but the event should have been
fun
I actually added a little bit of this
supply of crushed martyrs because
Wow
chubby pasta
it's about more rare but robust
I feel like if I've been able to roll it
out
don't talk like it's food nice Bassel
makes everything looks too much better
this is actually delicious
and no one is more surprised than I am I
thought I was gonna sit here and be like
well you know sometimes we fail yeah I
failed at rolling pasta and I think it
would have been better if it were you
know the size of normal posture rather
than the size of fingers but it's
actually delicious
it's 2:00 a.m. I lay down in bed lit up
the ceiling and placed my eyes obviously
as one w sleep couldn't go to sleep
instead had stayed up for hours and
hours and hours trying to get through
this personal to do this all these ways
in which I feel like I'm behind with
what I'm making and doing in my time
there isn't my main job I said I've said
this before but I always thought that
there was gonna be an end date on mental
health related things with me I always
thought was gonna be end day and there
was that kind of thing you feel like
there's gonna be a cure it's gonna be a
cure that's gonna be sure there's gonna
be a switch that's just flicked and
everything changes there are times when
it's better there are times when it's
easier tonight I'm better at managing it
and more proactive about managing it I
you know therapy medication whatever's
appropriate at a time the times when
it's not better even when I'm doing all
of those things it's very difficult to
accept that on a day-by-day basis it
just feels so frustrating and you just
don't want to be sick anymore like
that's my feeling and then I just have
there's all the sudden noise around it
as well what everyone else thinks that
they have the best idea of power you can
deal with something behind really great
really about that do you like it's just
there's so many layers to it as there
isn't
every single person's life and every
single person's problem but sometimes it
just is 2 a.m. and you're trying to make
good month series about cooking and need
to build better foundations here just
because at times like this it's kind of
more like knowing people around that's
helpful
whoa emotions London even if I don't
feel like it would be helpful for me to
speak to someone and reach out to
someone it's having people around there
and I have people here but it's that's
that I don't know there's like something
about that comfort of other people
anyway this is going on way too long now
yeah so what are these paper straws
because they looked adorable but they're
completely non-functional I would like
to dedicate the smoothie with it's
terrible straw but delicious flavor to
Akilah Hughes oh man it was a long day
and I was so ready to come home and eat
something silly to eat very well today I
had like one of those days where I just
rushed out the door in the morning and
then just greatest all day not a good
one I really feel it like my energy I
always can tell because I've got these
like dark circles under my eyes that
come alive what I haven't eaten worth my
day let's do this let's go get some
ginger I'd bring you with me I don't
have a GoPro I'm not going to strap my
60d on to put both white but next time
maybe conquering party had a brief
shower because I make my dinner so
hungry and I left it to mate because
jagged down Ray's message me I'm at
Harry Potter and then it just spiraled
it happens guys it's a problem and I've
turned the air-conditioning off because
I'm a professional cut the broccoli into
thin trees
this is an entry my children destroy you
and really bad at finding sites atomic
around but next has been another aside
the kitchen in my childhood home had a
little hatch window into the living room
some of my earliest most precocious
memories were of me as the television a
cooking show and treating the hatches my
fourth wall I couldn't remember
imitating any one in particular but
Nigella and Jamie and Delia were often
on the TV as was Ready Steady Cook now
for me it's a great British Bake Off
food was always performative at their
age they had to do with hosting
welcoming people gifts for people
because I'm rain bit late I got
completely distracted by looking up
killers tickets because I am so just for
it to see them again I know I'm
incredibly spoiled and I've seen them so
many times in my life I just love them
I'm just in denial that summer is ending
and music festival season is ending
you're in the future you'll know whether
I ended up going to music Midtown or not
hey I'm gonna make one of the same
dishes I made the other night for dinner
today I had oh my gosh I had the
cucumber and broccoli leftovers for
lunch that was so good
hi ding well thank you
how's he do that I have feeling that
yeah
yeah so I'm actually since I convoy but
I'm just I signed up so I could do I
can't go on state license yeah
yeah
that time the election had definitely
put a spike in my mood
I felt so anxious and sad and a kind of
worried that a lot of very extreme
hateful things were being said but I
didn't see the kind of response I was
expecting I think that's what made it
particularly difficult month when I walk
into a supermarket in the UK I sometimes
feel on edge I walk around it for half
an hour 45 minutes an hour before
picking anything up I have to learn to
breathe to make a decision about what to
put in my trolley I have to let myself
have the feeling and let it go here food
has different rules it lasts different
lengths it lives in different spices and
exists in different sizes everything is
new while supposedly being quite similar
that's not that different from what it
all feels like culturally on occasion I
danced between health fats whether it's
siu balls or chia seeds or chia seeds
and acai bowls initially entertain these
things because they are abstract
promises now I entertained them because
they taste delicious
Labor Day weekend I'm sort of plowing my
meals for this weekend and into next
week as well but up and down week like I
had it was such a nice night last night
at friend's house but it also just had
some real modes that were not too great
but you know yes I can't play you the
songs I listen to when I cook so here
are the songs they listened to while I
made this with peaches from the farmers
market and mangoes from mihika doors
when my time comes
The Killers mr. Brightside The Killers
all these things I've done Brandon
Flowers
I can change Brandon Flowers between me
and you I love mangoes they're fresh and
smoky infused with Mexico and a memory
they require messy hands and full hearts
and they always look like sunshine I
used to just make work Amalia and pico
de gallo but these days I find myself
making sunsets with fresh fruit instead
of or in addition to tomatoes the leek
and potato hash called for normal
potatoes but I use sweet potatoes
instead sweet potatoes had that similar
kind of freshness potatoes and I don't
generally get along that well the sweet
potatoes are bright I suppose until I
made this and
thought much about how color influenced
my food choices but upon reflection when
I'm well I find myself picking the food
combinations that best reflect visually
the colors of the Mexican kitchen
whether that's the food the flowers on
the table the mats or the people working
together to prepare a feast when I think
of my mother
I think of bright orange shoes and a
green and orange and yellow skirt lime
lime lime green top all of the colors of
the world upon her when I was in
secondary school my Spanish teacher
recommended the book como our butter
chocolate there which there's of you who
have been around here a while might
recognize as one of my all-time favorite
books
I often find myself in the delegates our
kitchen cooking through my emotions like
therapy but also like time travel as
Laura Esquivel rights law so Laura's
tienen la characteristic add a repulsive
tiempos Pasado's junto con sonidos yo
loris nunca la la dos and a placenta
knowing this I wonder where the smell of
sweet potato and leek hash will bring me
back to in future I wonder if it's right
here
I had such a lovely evening yesterday I
felt really good to really like Childre
and go and content and wake up this
morning and have felt rubbish again it's
just one of those same things but that's
kind of the way it's been I'm still
waiting for the wound on my need to heal
I can't remember whether or not I told
you about this but I fell down last week
in it I have to remind myself that
regardless of which country I'm in which
city I mean who I'm with even if I'm
worth the people who I absolutely love
and they energize me and give me life
and all of that stuff I still feel this
very particular kind of isolation
sometimes it has felt like this morning
but it's okay I went out for a walk I
think that also made my knee wound worse
which is great but it's fine it'll be
fine it's going to be totally fine oh I
don't know it's just rotten I don't have
a pan like that I really want one they
always make things look so cool you know
I've been listening a lot to Sam's Town
at the moment because it's almost the
10-year anniversary of its release which
is absolutely
while the cashew dressing I made for the
sweet potato leek hashed
and out to be an absolute godsend Thank
You Ana chance I've used at least once
weeks that's making it for the first
time and my cash or expenditure has
soared but for good reason it's really
simple just put a pilot's soaked cashews
in water and then add some herbs parsley
thyme and be consigned I usually try to
use two types of herb and then add a
squeeze of lemon or lime juice and blend
it all together and hey presto it's
freaking delicious before this I just
never really bought bread before might I
just don't keep it around the house have
a really complex relationship bread in
particular I still really struggle to
eat white bread you know obviously there
are health benefits to certain types of
breads and there are things about every
aspect of the things I struggle with it
I wouldn't say true themselves but
correlate with some parts of like
scientific approaches to things so that
functions as a kind of excuse for it
it's like an excuse to keep hurting
yourself an excuse to couch your food in
terms of moralistic extremes my
relationship to white bread and bread in
general is difficult because it feels
like I'm doing something bad and it
feels intrinsically bad and like that's
that just doesn't seem to me like a good
way to live my life I don't think that
conversations about health don't have to
require labeling certain foods as good
or bad and when we do that we just leave
ourselves with these really complicated
relationships and things that I think
will make much
better progress with making good choices
for ourselves if we allowed ourselves
those choices rather than punishing
ourselves through even having them in
the vicinity so I had this plan of
getting ready and going down to where
I'm having dinner I love it early and
then wedging around and then my friends
decided to come over which is really
nice because then we went to the pool so
now my hair is all wet so I got back
from Montana a little bit earlier this
week it's Wednesday today and it was
kind of it was great trip and everything
but I feel like it really just knocked
me out to think of it for why because I
got back and my fridge was completely
empty I am trying to get the skins up
some hazelnuts right now which is what
you can hear you put the hazelnuts in
boiling water
amazing are we gonna super what then
just gonna turn that off no this is why
you didn't vlog and cook at the same
time so got back from a town I didn't
have any food in my fridge I've had a
few days where I worked was a bit crazy
and I had a couple of dinners Oh
so just ended up spending too much money
getting lunch every day and just feeling
a bit down and I skipped breakfast
pretty much every day this week which
wasn't good because now I like I
definitely noticed it my energy was
really low my mood was really low and
then or mistake the other night I had
one of these days where I essentially
just like a hint decided what to eat so
I made myself come home and they ended
up just having like the rice cake with
peanut butter not enough food not enough
nutrition and then went out in the
evening and like a few drinks then I
could felt like it was already hitting
me very very differently than it
normally gets me when I was drinking and
I got way too drunk and then it became a
emotional drunk liver so not good good
to know good to recognize you there
right now I'm trying to make some like
chocolate hazelnut spread if you put
baking soda in boiling water with your
hazelnuts and then put it in ice cold
water then I'll take the skins off so
that's what I'm trying to do right now
this is the hope that I was using before
and this is the one I'm using now just
letting them fizzle about and the water
gets kind of dark and black and that's
okay apparently okay and then now you
use a test nut to us there we go look at
that it's amazing so this is me
basically trying to make Nutella it
doesn't taste exactly like Nutella but
is really delicious and its own right in
many ways they feel that match gentle
face and batch cooking today is like
preventative if I go back into that
phase of not really wanting to cook
nobody wanted to eat I have like so much
food in my house
and fracture ready to go that it's not
going to be like a concern so over today
and tomorrow I'm about to make some
tahini because that's an ingredient in
some upcoming recipes and get it because
I'm gonna make some banana bread I'm
gonna make some tomato soup tomorrow I
think just to have like frozen ready to
go whenever I'm just like powering
through was it I just made a nut butter
yeah staples so this week for me
interesting because I've switched the
medication I'm on SSRIs and I switch the
kind of SSRI on and if anyone who's gone
through that process will tell you or
you though he then threw yourself
it is grim because you are you basically
get really drought like I pass and get
with you drowsy all the time I get I
feel like I feel drugged
that's what I feel at least in the first
week until ex war mellows out and
actually becomes helpful and productive
for me to live my day-to-day life
the first week is always a bit dopey and
I tend to go to sleep which I don't
normally do so yeah we'll see we'll see
how that goes
after Emily gave me a loaf of banana
bread for Christmas a couple of years
ago I realized that banana bread is in
the top 10 gifts of all time seriously
it doesn't hang around it's delicious
its nutritious and sometimes it has a
little bit of dark chocolate in it for
your cup of tea
today's the 19th of September relatively
productive days at the fact they had to
go home rallying because I felt so
nauseated and woozy and dizzy but it
happens always happens what I'm a new
medication I just have at least one or
two days and I just feel like I'm on a
ship and I'm seasick and I don't even
get seasick so I feel that's just the
cruel cruel fate of the world but all as
well as well today and I'm gonna make
tomato soup for dinner my brain is an
overdrive right now it feels a bit like
there's a graphic TC of the Large Hadron
Collider that's what I feel like I feel
like it's like gloom presume I don't
really know if that's how it worked for
the graphics make it look like that I
love Tomatoes you but sometimes I forget
how good it is there once we write to
the bones and there's reassuring in its
way
since I started making my own that super
McConnell Carter now tastes slander or
too salty it's true I had become a
tomato soup snob
ever since I received a modern way to
cook as a Christmas present from Marian
last Christmas I've been wanting to try
one recipe in particular and that was
the mung bean dal problem was I couldn't
fell in life of me work out where mung
beans lived in the supermarket I looked
online and all I found were labels -
food packets that are certainly one
anywhere in my supermarket eventually I
worked out that the mung beans of
Indiana lived in the book by section of
Whole Foods where else anyway I was
delighted for this recipe
it makes out six servings which for me
is perfect for week's lunches
I'm so happy with this I won't say I
expected it to be a little bit stodgy
like there's that feeling that you get
when you sometimes have mentors that
haven't quite been clicked to their best
potential so like with all the spices
and the process and the time that it's
given to cook and they're soaking
overnight I think really helped but then
also than lemon at the end I ended up
adding like I think maybe 11 and a half
worth juice and there's also lemon in
the dressing I made which was basically
like the riff off the version of the
dressing that was in the sweet potato
hatch through layers of rocket in
instead of spinach because that's again
what I had lying around and yeah just
Committee on that I found that I've
become a much more creative cook again I
used to be quite for me to cook in and
it sort of went away and just through
the course of cooking consistently I'm
giving myself the freedom to sort things
in and out in a more interesting way
because I was kind of doing it anyway
but now I sort of have a bit more of an
instinct about what goes and what
doesn't so it's really exciting I'm
gonna eat now and watch some TV because
it's Friday and I'm knock it this is
where I leave you
but as the old adage says if you can
hold on if you can hold on hold on
