mind the gap says the lady over the
tannoy in received pronunciation mind
the gap between the train and the
platform edge mind the gap between the
old and the new between the ball and the
goal post between the stand and the sky
between the spectrum and the spectrum
the color and the color and the color
between the flower stools and the early
rises the hydrangeas and the roses the
150 year old market and the 1.5 million
pound house the first rail and the third
rail the golden light and crisp shadow
mind the gap between France traversed
more frequently than you would have
thought but broadening in ways you were
never taught a distance of losses and
gains of growing up of great love of
missing out the necessary remove of
being proud of someone and something
separate from you proud of the pillars
you find yourself around who stand
together to hold up something bigger the
gap between London and Indianapolis
matters a least of all in the face of
all that but still I mind the gap
