I went to one town the last weekend for
the first time and I did not know what
to expect I knew what the state looked
like on one of those maps where you fill
in all of the different states and you
name them I'm quite good at those and I
hate neither you know an ego the size of
Montana that's a line for the west wing
it was mentioned in six different
episodes of the West Wing Indiana for
its many faults has a to Parchman West
Wing so I had some expectations and yes
I can pack pretty much everywhere I
visit what I've been taught about it on
the West Wing not always the best
approach
I arrived in Montana pretty exhausted it
took two flights and a three-hour
layover to get there I'd had a long week
I was being really out of it and when I
got there I was exhausted but I was also
extract by how small and quiet the
airport was to the point that it felt
like a film set it didn't feel real you
have bears and Elks and turkeys as well
at the airport just hanging out and a
nice boat - and then we set off for the
hot spring the car write down gave us
pretty amazing views they reminded me a
lot actually of driving past the Alps
when I was younger I don't really know
what that looks like now but in my
memory of it it's mostly that feeling of
wow there's a mountain but looking at
the shops and bars and so-called casinos
along the road the petrol stations and
you know gun shops etc it reminded me a
lot of the USA that you see in programs
like Stephen Fry in America that thing
that feels so weirdly otherworldly like
you're in the wild wild west somehow
something sort of unruly about it and I
have to say points I'm afraid of it and
not that there's any reason to really be
afraid of it but just that it's so so
different from everything that I know
and to me it just makes me feel on edge
a little bit it makes me realize that
I've taken all of my cells and put all
of my selves in a place where all of my
cells were not born that was my feeling
initially getting that
we arrived the place is beautiful that's
ping pong which we paid a lot of I'm
very bad at ping pong but I play it with
enthusiasm and quickly very very quickly
it kind of just fell into a rhythm
though we can combined my favorite and
least favorite things my favorite thing
is being absolutely surrounded by people
my new favorite thing is feeling
isolated in my geographic location like
being away from buildings and
infrastructure and people I suppose
so this is once being around lots of
people then also being aware that you
were far away from lots of people -
funnily enough though the way forward
through that sort of fear and panic of
isolation was to completely walk into
its arms say one of the mornings we went
on a long hike and just walked and
walked and walked until the mountains
met the Sun it was beautiful we saw so
many things and walking with other
people you notice what they are noticing
they come and say look at this and you
just anywhere you point your camera at
there's something back to look at it's
something there that is beautiful and
worth your attention
these have a really very nice mountains
there they're acceptable to make up and
vlog in that's that'll do it so we keep
we keep trying to make moves for
something around right snow possible
glad I kept going
it's so nice this is fake it is it looks
fake everything is fake it's all fake
just live in our new office this is our
new home
I'll call John and tell him that we
found our new office we also didn't get
eaten by bears which I was very happy
about but we met this very tiny dead
snake every time I enjoy a walk these
days I remember how surly I used to be
about going on a walk when I was younger
there's so many pictures of me of being
really grumpy in Richmond Park or in Kew
Gardens or anywhere else just being
crossed that I was forced to go out and
a walk and be around people who I felt
cross with and if they often did when I
was 17 or so and surrounded by my family
but nowadays I really embrace it and
later that day we actually went on
another walk up the side of where we
were staying and looked over at the
place we were staying at and yelled down
to everyone and it was another beautiful
Vista I threw myself into the unknown
yet again late at night where I had been
told by everyone around me that the
stars were beautiful but that they were
even more beautiful when the moon set
this was the first time I realized how
bright the moon was it's like the
world's most effective high-visibility
jacket just letting that Sun bounce off
it and flood the sky with light I didn't
really I couldn't really have a
comprehension of this until I set my
alarm for 3:00 a.m. and looked up at the
sky and lost my mind I saw a shooting
staff the first time that night and then
I saw many many more that followed it
and I looked into the Milky Way it's
just it's always right there without me
looking through my camera without me
looking through a telescope without me
looking through binoculars without me
looking through the Google image search
or NASA or anything like that I could
look up and see the Milky Way and that
to me felt like such a precious moment
it's like when I watch films like
contact and that Martian and so when I
am marvel at the way they've recreated
the universe and wish I could see things
with that clarity I saw a version of
that and it was just unbelievable to see
it was beautiful it was utterly
beautiful and utterly isolating and
comforting at the same time and that for
me what a lot of things full circle
because it was the thing that I was so
repulsed by and in some
is afraid of the physical isolation from
other people and buildings and so on
that made what I was seeing possible
because without the light pollution you
could just look up and see the Milky Way
so that was something that was something
I know that in theory like that's not a
bad thing to do and it's probably good
for me and good for me to go somewhere
where I don't have Wi-Fi and I don't
have phone service it just makes me
nervous sometimes it makes me feel very
afraid sometimes very aware of like my
physical wasting away
despite being faced with my own
mortality and throwing myself into these
physical spaces that it reminded me of
my isolation I had such a fun time with
other people and with a great array of
lipstick colors we were all just
embracing Meghan's collection of amazing
amazing lipstick colors and lots of
little moments like that that made this
weekend worthwhile at the end of it I
felt very thankful I felt thankful to
see another part of the u.s. thankful to
see the Milky Way thankful to see
another side of my colleagues and
thankful to see another side of myself -
I'll see you soon bye
hi everyone so you may have seen these
on my Instagram and all around really
over the past few months as I've been
talking about Ramon the goes and each
she kind of been passing I went to know
that that the South like center that she
spoke at it was her in conversation and
it was brilliant we've got some great
lips
yes weirdo team website show the
Internet good job guys thanks
