I just returned from a trip to Montana
where I was on a work retreat
I saw them look away with my naked eyes
it was unbelievable anyway more about
that later today I was talking about
some things that I've been taking part
in secretly over the past several months
and that is the development of a thing
called the community tap and if you go
to my channel today and you'll be able
to see it it's youtube.com 4/4 is jana
and you'll see a little tab that says
community and the way i've been thinking
about this page which is makes it very
exciting to me it's kind of as a hub but
for everything and the part of it that
really excites me is that like community
project focus that it could have could
be the place where for example I share
links to videos that still need captions
and translations it's where we could
talk about things that you'd like to see
on another like woman on YouTube panel
alright well no need sugar then it's
just like a bit more of a collected
space and it will have the kind of
engagement and energy I think that we
have in those like intense comments
discussions where you go in-depth about
things but it will also be a way to like
keep things ticking along and not have
me feeling quite so spread thin
sometimes I feel really spread thin with
this sense of like needing to keep up
with where everyone is and where
everyone is sharing videos to make sure
that I'm like keeping afloat in a lot of
ways and I think that's kind of a
fallacy when I go and I talk to people
about YouTube in the internet and so on
I say you know you don't have to be on
absolutely everything but sometimes I
don't follow that advice because I see
so-and-so being over here and being over
there and absolutely everywhere and that
sometimes I think it takes energy away
from the energy I want to put in to my
youtube channel and yeah reprise your
comments and kind of engaging with the
discussion in the same place I think
that it's gonna be a really fun
experiment I think that there'll be
people who like it and people who don't
but I really want to see how we can make
it the best space possible and I also
really want to know what you'd like to
see from it so there are lots of
different things that I can share and
there are lots of different ways we can
take conversations whether it's just
updates and bits and pieces me sharing
books I've read me sharing a dish I've
made and I link to a video that inspired
it well whether it's something else
you know like whether there's another
thread that we can take it I'd love to
make that with you and I loved
have that discussion and it's very
exciting to be part of this from that
Ehrlich stage because so often when I
make videos about YouTube and YouTube
culture and YouTube discussion
especially about the infrastructure of
the site itself it's almost like I'm
delivering a PowerPoint presentation and
sort of sending it to YouTube
rather than being involved in that
ground-level
discussion about what people would like
to see and the different ways people
engage and how we can make it a positive
space for everyone I can also do live
shows which I'll definitely be doing
I've done things and ages and I really
enjoyed doing them when I last did them
this is a lot of different conjugations
of the phrase to do and those will go in
the community tab too but yeah I think
it's got a lot of potential and I'd love
to see which direction it takes I'm very
grateful to use you for including me in
this group of about 10 youtubers who are
trying it out and if you want to keep up
with my updates you can go to that tab
at youtube-dot-com forward-slash
rosianna whether that's something app on
the desktop and you can also I think set
notifications
I think it's next to where the subscribe
button would be on the channel if you're
in the app you press the little bell and
it will give you options to toggle
community notifications and then if
you're on my channel on this desktop you
can click the little gear wheel thing
and it will give you the option there to
chocolate on or off I'll also put a card
either this side or that side which will
take you to you know the community tab
which is like space station space base I
don't know why I'm coming up with a name
right now but if you have any
suggestions feel free to leave those too
thank you for your wonderful comments on
my term and then they go see OTG video
and I'll see you very very soon
when I'll be talking to you about Stars
and Montana and everyone wearing
lipstick it was a great time
it's PTC fight as I've been talking
about Ramona goes and eats she kind of
been passing I went to no vent at
Southwick Center that she spoke at it
was her in conversation and it was
brilliant
