hello I said every night that I'm here I
talk about body image it's something
I've struggled with a lot over the years
and some quite serious ways and some
necessary ASAE's but I think it's just
human beings it's something that we
negotiate especially this very like
visual age which has very easily
propagated ideals of what the ideal
bodies should be it should look like
habits behave her skin color weight all
of it does every single detail of it has
like a limited series of options almost
through which something can be
classified is beautiful or not beautiful
ideal or not ideal it's something that
hurts
I feel wanted me here for my entire life
it's something that I've I can't
remember not struggling with as I become
an adult it feels like it becomes
increasingly embarrassing because when I
felt this way as a teenager it was just
something that teenagers go through you
know you hear all the time our teenagers
feel and secure about their body it
didn't help me then it didn't make me
feel less shit it didn't make me feel
more in control of what was happening
nor did it make me have a healthier
relationship to anything but there was a
sense of like well at least within this
age range its kind of expected but we
don't really talk about adult women's
bodies for one because we don't see them
as much you see more stories about men
who are older you have like the Silver
Fox type people but they are again in
like a limited range of characteristics
and build and skin color and so on what
does it mean when you have like the
oldest visuals I guess of women on
screen off of being in their 30s maybe
40s and their bodies are always aligning
to these same properties you have the
exceptions but even within the
exceptions there so working in this
space where they can get photoshopped
where because of the nature of pictures
their Styles because of who's bhai
the pictures because of his choosing the
pictures because of all of the steps in
between us seeing something and
internalizing it or hearing something
and entire lysing it a mediated by so so
many different things which are
themselves mediated by societal
expectations and and illusions and so on
because of all of that it's I think it's
it's a lot bigger of a task than I ever
thought it would be to unpick some of
the pressures that all of us in some
shape or form experience whether it's
things that we feel on ourselves or
things that we also pass along you know
like it's not about guilt or not when
it's an individual level I think it's
about being aware though of this places
where you do engage with it you do click
on it and especially in the case of
Instagram I went down like the weirdest
Instagram hole I ended up on like a
tumblr of like famous youtuber fan logs
whatever I even know how I got there I
think some one of my friends read books
I mean permit knows like I haven't
looked at these in ages I wonder who
they don't give out all of this stuff
and it was like selfie pictures and
Marcus Butler pictures and so on and
then from there I was like oh who's that
person who's this person and just kind
of like the mindless way that you click
around the internet the same way I would
flick through a magazine that kind of
repetitive clicking motion or waste I
ended up on the page of like some model
seem like someone who's in at least some
control of her business seems to have
some control over her image like this
none of this is a judgment on that or
indeed on her in any way but I ended up
on that page and I just kept scrolling
and scrolling and feeling worse and
worse about myself and I couldn't click
away and I tweeted about it and so many
of you were like oh yeah me too that
happens to me all the time obviously not
something that we talked about and the
other day the other thing that was made
me rethink a lot was Marion's at Mia
Texas is something wrong something about
Taylor Swift and it was in reference to
the Daily Mail snapchat story of the day
or whatever that talked about whether or
not
had implants and this is a news story
that you see time and time and time and
time again with these dislike scrutiny
on bodies especially women's bodies
whether it's the circle of shame or
discussions about breast implants
I was thinking recently that without
knowing that all of this discussion was
still going on at this level because I
didn't read those magazines will see
those pages very often and I try really
hard did not ever click on the Daily
Mail because it's horrible anyway so I
was thinking about how when the Britney
Spears sometimes music video came out
there was this whole discussion about
firstly whether or not she had breast
implants secondly whether or not that
was like unchristian of her which is
ridiculous in the context of how much
she was sexualized but that it's just
the whole like Madonna whore concept
which is troubling in itself because
anyway I like there are so many
different directions to go for that but
it's just it was I got very angry and if
you follow me on snapchat you might have
seen it get very angry because it just
keeps happening it's really frustrating
and then also not even to get into like
the main focus of all of this which
would be Leslie Jones having her
pictures leaked and like so many other
celebrities have had that now and just
like the different ways that we kind of
try and control each other's bodies and
distribute them as well they just become
stuff to distribute and then also stuff
to cause us harm and in some ways some
days I feel like oh I'm pushing back
against that you know like when I post a
picture maybe people wouldn't have seen
my body or my face shape or anything
like that and pictures as much sometimes
I'm doing it because it makes me feel
good to just feel comfortable enough to
share something of myself which is a big
step for me despite you know having done
this for a long time and sometimes I
worry I'm like what am i putting too
much focus on that am i giving people
the feeling I get when I scroll through
someone else's Instagram I really don't
know I mean this
this is mostly like a I'm making this
because I just feel like I can't not
because it's all just on my brain
sandwich today and you know like one of
the biggest hits for me when you search
for me on YouTube is resign holterhaus
wait because people have literally
followed me from a 14 year old body to a
25 year old body
I'm I look different than I did shopping
me when I was younger but also a weight
goes up and down and the same
conversation is like whether or not
someone's had implants or not we don't
talk about the way hormones affect on
this bodies we don't talk about the way
bodies fluctuate we have such even
though we know it's not the reality or
at least mostly no but something reality
I'm sure there's lots of people who
don't know about the rating hormones
function because they're like earth
women things and even though we know
that that that one picture isn't what it
looks like every single fucking day we
don't allow for deviation and we let
that like very stagnant constant it's
always like statuesque pressure of the
idealized body just just attack us again
and again and again and then also try
and recreate it you know so I don't know
I think that it has become I definitely
have more self-awareness as an adult but
then I'm also finding myself still being
pushed to idolize this body but it's now
a younger person's body and it's really
strange being on the other side of that
and then also you know do all these
ideas of what health looks like I go
back to you Ruby ten days great essay
about clean eating like it's it's just
it's so flawed and it's horrible because
it literally sometimes feels like it's
going to actually kill me you know
really is like there's some things I
read some things I see some of these
moments where I spiral off into into
those into those avenues like it
it feels very deadly because it is
deadly it's it's too much and I didn't
really
when you have all of these different
levels of things can you do anything to
stop it on a bigger scale for other
people I mean start some ways like media
representation and so on but then also
like how does that affect the way we
participate in it you know like how does
that affect my individual role in it as
someone who makes things so just some
food for thoughts of today
rough day but by the time you see this
that warpin days ago so there we go
I was sweetie very seen look forward to
reading your thoughts and comments
talking about Harry Potter Harry Potter
exercises films obviously works the best
would you agree with that yes okay but
we just want to talk about some of our
favorite least favorite things that were
left out that we were sad about
