hello everyone so today we talk about
some books that I read in the second
half of 2017 that I absolutely loved the
year whereas II saw the second half
would always be on the floor it was by
far the busiest part of my year and
there was so much going on that I didn't
get as much time to read as I wanted so
when I read a book that I absolutely
loved it meant even more to me because
it felt like it was such a precious use
of that time that I had a little time
that I had so there are four books two
of them I actually read this week and in
addition to being books I really enjoyed
these books also have some of the best
covers that I saw this year first one I
want to talk about that I was really
excited for was little fires everywhere
by Celeste egg all of the earliest
contemporary adult fiction that I read
growing up was about suburban America
however until I read this I realized
that it was all pretty much written by
men and had a very male gaze in all of
the writing little fires everywhere is
about a suburb in Cleveland Ohio
Shaker Heights a well-off family their
own another property in the community
and let it out to people that they
decided are worthy of it into that
second property moved pal
a young teenage girl and her artists
mother Mia who takes photographs and
manipulates them in different ways for
me this is one of those novels where I
kept finding the title in different
parts of the story it wasn't a title
that I forgot about or that I came back
to at the very end it was a title that
stuck with me as I read every single
chapter
what would the little fires in Shaker
Heights in the families and in the US
and coming back to the cover for a
second which looks like a model town to
whom at the fires little I thought the
fires are a literal sense and I thought
with the fires as orange lights on in a
property as you can see on the cover
here that concoction of little worlds
inside are the people's experiences that
you don't quite know and knowledge
traded as currency in the way that it is
in suburbia the case itself is also
beautiful but the cn4 Celestia on it I
bought this book the moment it came out
my bank balance was actually quite low
but I knew that I wanted to make that
time for myself to read it and I'm very
glad I did when I was on the book tour I
had the opportunity to meet so many
wonderful booksellers and drop in on a
couple of brilliant indie book shops
including Mitzi's in Sioux Falls I
believe and also the country bookshelf
in Bozeman Montana which is where I
bought home fire which has I think my
cover of the year one hundred percent
home fire is a contemporary retelling of
the story of Antigone focusing on one
family the siblings in one family and
also although
you come into contact with them or have
history with them it's the story about
how we're seen who we assign rights to
and also who has control over the story
told about our personhood and our body
it's set in various countries the u.s.
the UK Syria Pakistan and for me was
another one of those examples of a story
when you grow a lot of sympathy for
someone and you really see something
from their perspective and then the
narrative shifts the dialogues just
perspective and in that rising action
you see someone else's perspective of it
and you start to feel empathy for them
naturally your head is trying to work
out what's reality and who's right here
but that's not entirely the point here
it's showing how lots of different
people can contribute to certain
environments and also attitudes but also
the ways in which we can push back
against that and the ways in which we
can see each other with a level of
generosity while also accepting may be
that there are some absolute truths or
absolute kindnesses or absolute basic
rights that we need to extend to each
other that perspective however might
also be indicative of my mindset when I
was reading it I did love how much of it
took place in London because obviously
that's my home and that's what I know
really well and the kind of environment
social environment that it was talking
about and also media environment was
very familiar to me and felt very real
to me it's not debut coming or sham
scene is written various other books
that I look forward to reading them
because I did really really enjoy this
and then also of course the cover is
absolutely beautiful and it makes lots
of different things to me but one of the
things looking at it with the British
eye that I couldn't help us seeing was a
Wars of the Roses kind of formation
what's the War of the Roses of our era
the jacket art was by Ben Danza and the
lettering was by grace Han and then on
the underside of it there's this lovely
pattern as well so it's very beautiful
book I of course realized that I'm
showing off all of these beautiful books
just after many of you will have given
presents but hopefully lots of you
received book tokens this Christmas
keeping things on the contemporary
Britain track and this book actually
came out in 2016 and I only read it this
week and that's autumn by Ali Smith I
have not yet read winter if I had
infinite time I would rush out and get
that now but my TBR pile is out of
control and I really want to read
through it before I move back Ali Smith
writes and very postmodern style and I
think for a lot of people they've heard
a lot of buzz about her and then they
pick up a book and they'll be kind of
confused by it or off-put by it and when
you're reading it outside of for example
a book club or a you know classroom
lecture environment then sometimes it's
hard because you don't really have as
many people to talk to about it if you
have ever tried to read Annie Smith book
and thought actually it's a bit much for
me I'd encourage you to try autumn
because it is written in a slightly
different style even though you have all
of those similar images of historical
art and hopping between times and dialog
that sometimes you mistake it's the run
of the text because of the way it's all
set out so this is contemporary to the
world after brexit but in many ways it's
not about that it's about the
relationship between a girl and her very
old neighbor who after she's asked to do
a project in which you go to your
neighbor's house and ask them questions
about their life she becomes very good
friends with he becomes this educator in
her life he talks to her in other ways
from the people in their life asked her
to see the world in a different
perspective
but then also as time flashes forward we
find that he's very ill and not saying
anything at all I love the smooth jump
between times as always and the
commentary about artists and who's art
which used surprise I really loved this
book it might actually be my favorite
Alex Smith now I first read the
accidental my friend jazz at school gave
it to me for my 15th birthday I think
and that was a big moment for me but
I've really really loved autumn and
cannot wait weed winter quick cover
situation it has this lovely kind of
half cover this beautiful illustration
of a part of an autumnal pass underneath
it has that classic cloth band book and
the d-bus text in the front it has just
a plain teal wish but on the back page
it's this piece of pop up by the pop
artist Pauline Botti called the only
blonde in the wild and as I'm looking to
confirm that I just saw that obviously
this is a David Hockney it's called
early November tunnel that should have
been very obvious to me but so good the
final book I want to talk about is
another book I read just this week and
it's called swimmer among the stars by
Kanishka Thoreau
it's a collection of short stories I
really like short stories but my
favorite short stories are by jorge luis
borges who writes the most amazing
complicated weird short stories of all
and this for me had a little bit of that
what Hessian feeling this book was
originally published in 2016 in India
and was published for the first time in
2017 yeah this story is very different
from the last one some of them have kind
of comical satirical takes others were
very fable like like they were going
into the past and adopting that tone but
also infusing it was something very new
there are 13 different story it's my
three favorite stories were the very
first one swimmer among the stars which
is about an old woman who's visited by
ethnographers who are trying to take
down recordings of her as a last speaker
of the language that she speaks no
matter how innovative she is with her
language it does not have the force to
take possession of an idea in later
years they will say that her term
swimmer among the stars means astronaut
they will never say that astronaut means
swimmer among the stars whose language
means what and in what direction does
that exchange flow I thought was so
brilliantly expressed in that story
looking back at these titles I really
want to name more than this but I loved
a United Nations in space which is
literally about the ambassador's of the
United Nations on board Oh spaceship
looking down at Earth and finding out
their new second hand but also being in
arrears to this hotel spaceship entity
and not knowing whether they're going to
be able to go back to earth and have a
new base in United Nations but everyone
is referred to in the context of their
countries so is a lot of like Mexico
spoke to Luxembourg and Luxembourg spoke
to Kazakhstan a lot of what was being
described was actually tremendously sad
and then another one that I really loved
was portrait with CalFire which was a
conversation between a photojournalist
and the subject of a photograph the
subject of the photograph the coal miner
has been published in a magazine and
it's been it's interesting as a
conversational falls to see the coal
miner come to an understanding of kind
of how he's been used in that photograph
and also getting across that to the
photojournalist who makes excuses and
also speaks to reality of his position
but then also is a low
of defensive about the way they've
operated in this situation and you know
all that they've done for this person
yes I thought the collection overall was
wonderful I thought the cover again was
absolutely beautiful
swimmer among the stars was obviously
from that first story that I read the
excerpt from but also this elephant is
from another beautiful story called the
elephant and sea which is about this
elephant that has to be moved from two
different countries and ends up going on
a boat and loves life on the boat so
there's lots and lots in here and if
you're looking to get back into reading
you haven't read as much maybe as you'd
like to in 2017 then I always think that
picking up a short story collection is a
really good way to do it because you can
say to yourself I'm just going to read
one story today and the next day I'm
going to read another story today and
it's not a massive suck up of your time
but these stories are also very very
worth reading so that's it from me I'm
hoping to be making another video
tomorrow but who knows I would love to
hear your thoughts and comments whether
you've read these books or not and I'd
be curious to know what some of your
favorite books to read were in 2017 that
was a really strange sentence alright
see you tomorrow probably bye
