I feel like every time I make a video I
have to do it in a different place to my
fat because I still have so much space
and I'm not used to it I'm still London
inside you know we're all London lovers
today one into the butts on the books
I've been reading this summer
I feel like summers are still I'm very
much like the summer holiday mindset in
that I think that summer is a time when
you should focus on things that are like
good and fun and enjoyable if you can
while also going to work like workers I
have these big bags under my eyes right
now because I didn't get very much sleep
last night but I love my job
my job is wonderful so anyway tangent
aside what have I been reading I don't
really talk about middle grade junior
fiction on this channel very much I've
done it from time to time back in the
early days I remember when I was what
the books always to talk about a lot
more junior fiction like a Clockwork 3
which I really loved however the house
ignoring Gardens is one of my favorite
books I talked about it when I was still
at university actually I think and back
then it was published by Jameson a
publishers and it puts in print a lot of
books that would otherwise have been out
of print the lovely that all the puffins
have picked it up and reissued it with
this beautiful design it's a weird one
it's a really strange book that reminds
me a lot of like secret gardens but then
also has this like magical realist
element and a lot of time travel
esque stuff very strange one I loved it
I still love rereading it so don't by
all means think that just because you're
past the age of 12 it's not for you
anymore but also if you're looking to
give anyone a present of that age group
this is a great one then this will
follow by Lauren walk which is very much
build along the lines of like to kill a
mockingbird I think you might have heard
some buzz about it depends on who you
watch or what your readings or stuff
this was pretty big it's very much again
middle grade to me it reminds me a lot
of the book Carey's war which I will say
I didn't like when I was younger I
really didn't like it I think partly
because it was one of those books just
felt very stuffy and we're being set so
many books about the war that just felt
very distant for me and didn't feel very
personal this I think would have felt a
lot different and reading as an adult
was a different experience there's a
line in it that
steady world was spinning and I think
that that's what this book encapsulated
for me it's that moment where you're
1213 and you're sort of on the precipice
of something different and everything
that you expected and everyone you
expect us to tell you the truth doesn't
and isn't and you also get this feeling
that there are broader and justices
broader prejudice prejudices at play and
it parts it's very to kind of
Mockingbird apart it's actually a bit
like the crucible it reminds me a lot of
that when you're telling the truth and
someone calls you a liar that to me is
one of the worst feelings and definitely
the word liar sticks to me in a way that
I wish it didn't it kind of is a word
that I've almost given too much power
not least because I told a few poor peas
when I was younger and particularly when
I was a child but if that feeling of
like even when you know you're lying is
handsome of course you're lying it's
still upsetting but that sense of
justice not being quite the firm line
that you thought it was that sense of
being so trusting in generous as a child
but then having adults telling you
actually you shouldn't trust this person
or learning that for the first time
yourself as well sitting in front of
someone and they're promising they're
telling you the truth that you know
they're lying it's a lot of those kinds
of issues it made me quite at one point
I can't remember why they're climbing
all the way out of middle grade junior
fiction right now and to add up sci-fi
is the race by Nina Allen which I will
say is a profoundly weird book my friend
Chris - I used to work with at the kids
book shop actually and recommend this to
me it's not miss me because it's done by
the publisher where he works and it's
like I don't really know who to trust in
this story it's lots of different
narrators I think it's six five or six
narrators maybe and different sorts of
timelines and you're not quite sure
who's telling the truth and it feels
like the bush-gore dolls one inside the
other but then also it just keeps
messing with your brain a bit first
couple of voices in particular sound
very much like an oral history to me
like someone telling you why they were
involved with something at the very very
beginning of it I found it a bit telly
rather than showy but then I found that
that was also part of the voice that was
telling a particular part story if that
makes sense there is a sexual assault in
it if so if that's something you want to
avoid and do but yeah I really taught
through it
about the space race it looks like it's
gonna be about the space race but it's
not actually you know what it might
remind me of the acai respects by EJ
Swift it had that sort of feeling to it
at points and I equally tall through
those two there's gonna be more about
this in the pan macmillan channel cuz
i'm making video for them about some
summer reads as well I'm just
multitasking doing it everywhere and
this is zero K by Don DeLillo which is
again a really strange book it's
futuristic and not it makes you feel
very distant from the characters like
that's something that I think Don
DeLillo does acceptably hits but white
noise is one that a lot of you might be
familiar with it's one that I study at
university and really enjoyed reading
and thinking about but I had to read it
twice because I couldn't quite make out
what was happening the way the dialogue
is laid out at some portion so it's just
two people talking and it's back and
forth and you like feel really distance
from it and you also can't really follow
what's going on but that's effective in
its way it creates a certain feeling the
book starts out in an institution that
is putting people to sleep cryogenically
and cryogenically freezing them like the
rest of it is writing a lot of it feels
like a thought experiment to me it feels
like a philosophical question and at
times that can feel a little bit like
pretentious like a little bit too
internal but out of the quiz I find
myself funny within it and fully
invested in the characters they become
more human to me by the end of it just
maybe by spending time with them but
also by being in those questions the
ones that you kind of think about when
you're by yourself too the other thing
that it really made me think about were
the kinds of conclusions we've actually
tried to come to about someone's life
upon their death what an individual's
life means and what a group of people's
lives mean and they they were just
really weird interesting please think
about this was a really quick one to get
through because the text was pretty big
satisfying
I'd say Alfie ER and Oliver was one that
was advertised to me on Facebook I saw
the cover and I was like I love that
cover and I know I shouldn't judge a
book by it's cover but this looks great
so I actually got it and had it for a
month or so without really knowing what
it was about like the tagline I was
asking I can't stop falling in love
Oliver can't stop falling asleep but
then doesn't really tell you anything
about what's happening actually as the
book opens you find out that
has this disorder that makes him fall
asleep for a couple of months at a time
and no one really knows why it's
happening but I'll see I use or I'll see
ya I'm guessing you probably say Althea
but I'm thinking of her Althea now in my
head I'll see her has this very
complicated set of feeling sores Oliver
who's her best friend they spend all
their time together and suddenly you
have this person who's literally living
on a different timeline because they
fall asleep for months at a time have no
real responsiveness like have have no
interaction or memories from that time
so you're essentially putting them in
these different parts of their lives at
a moment when they're both teenagers and
they're finishing high school a moment
when their lives are can become a
different timelines and everyone sort of
goes out of sync whether that's
geographically because of time zones or
just because lives just go in different
directions using that as a way into
thinking about what happens when we
leave school and when our friends change
in also an illness comes into your life
I think that for me was also a great
metaphor for what happens when I enter
these depressive States or I enter these
moments where my mental health isn't so
good because it is almost like lost days
and it is almost like this time just
doesn't exist in the memories from it
don't quite stick the same my brain
doesn't quite work the same and that's
that was a way into thinking about that
and also how that affects the people
around you so it was it was one that
like once I started and I said what's I
kind of got what it was about
I really couldn't stop reading this is
something in it that I would
characterize as a sexual assault
although that's also something that
would be up for discussion sit on this
diet lab by Sarah Walker and I heard
about this book I heard the buzz before
I read it and I was really worried I
don't like the worth diet
in and of itself it gives me the
internal panic I don't like reading
books that have any mention of calories
or any mention of food or any
dimensional weight or weight gain or
weight loss like ordered that stuff is a
big red flag to me it's terrifying on
the other hand has had the buzz and like
the feminist Fight Club thing attached
to it so I've decided to give it a shot
but like it's not gonna be for everyone
I will say upfront it's just not going
to be that everyone accessions you have
that sort of like psychological panic
associated with books and subjects and
discussions of weight related body
related things
for me I found it good and I actually
also found it really helpful so look
it's kind of satire it's sort of an
extreme version of a underground diet
scene but then also the pushback again
it's that diet scene what does it mean
when your day-to-day life is someone
else's idea of the absolute worst when
your physical being is repulsive to them
but then also how does that intersect
with the way you see yourself
it doesn't fit up with the idea of like
this aspirational person that you were
one day be when you meet X by goal or
whatever the one day cells like what
does that mean what does that do to us
how is that a form of self punishment
really it made me take like ashamed life
but that's public shaming or something
your entire lives or a combination of
both isn't unlike a secret Club you make
rules with yourself you make deals with
yourself
the entry fee unfortunately is
completely insidious and is a form of
self-hatred but you hope to walk into
that club one day as the one day me and
like who is that person it's almost like
there are character entirely having said
all of that and it's funny and it's
weird and it's in a lot of ways not
about me and not about my experience but
these are some of the things that I was
thinking about as I was reading it to
figure out language and fear and
obsession and then the last one that
I'll mention today is one of the ones
that I've read is the mandibles which I
feel like I may have spoken about a
couple of months ago but maybe I didn't
this is a really weird book about how
another currency comes in and basically
replaces the dollar and how that affects
the economy and like this economy falls
apart but then it's also slightly in the
future and the resources are scarce
how do people interact but the stories
told through this family the mandibles
which has a very hierarchical structure
and of course as in any big family
everyone has their different
relationship to that idea of the family
name and these family figures and we see
them over the years and how this idea of
like the apocalypse or the economy but
then also the promise of this new fund
how that interacts with one another it
was a profoundly weird book I can't
really decide how I felt about it all I
knew is that I kept reading it I
definitely
like its interaction with Latin American
countries and people was something about
it was sawed off to me one of the books
I'm reading right now is the trap which
is a murder mystery about a novelist who
basically think she's figured out who's
killed her sister so she writes this
novel that draws that killer out and
it's a weird one it feels like the
narrator might be a bit unreliable it's
a translation of the German original
when I'm rereading at the moment it's
the Amazing Adventures of Kavalier and
clay by Michael Chabon if you haven't
read this I do recommend it I love this
book and I haven't read it in a couple
of years maybe three or four years and
it's just so well crafted it's a book
that has been crafted and I love it and
I'm going to nap against it now so now
we've made progress through some of the
books I've read and that I'm currently
reading I'm gonna talk about some books
that I do to read
Sabathia of the bones barrier which is
about a child born in Australian
permanent detention center but then we
have kids of appetite which is by David
Arnold who wrote mosquito land which you
should read if you haven't read read
read yet can't read it yet we have the
yoga of Max's discontent which I know
some other people have some book tubers
have reviewed but I haven't actually
read yet and I darken which is another
one that lots of book tubers have read
to that I haven't started I might take
this the UK with me I'm rereading
withering Heights or I'm about to I have
this great old Edition that like looks
like such a joke and this is so dramatic
but haven't read this in forever either
I'm about to start Natalie Novak's
uprooted which i think is a fantasy but
also just have this like I can be sucked
him by like gold on covers at the moment
you might see this theme throughout what
I've been reading he's such a nice cover
and I'm not normally drawn in entirely
by covers but I do really like reading
fantasy in some it's like I know when
you reread his start materials and
summer I haven't done that yeah
here's another gold cover grit another
one that I saw a lot of people were
reviewing think I'm gonna read this one
on the plane to the UK because that's
what I'm like I'm gonna change my life
I'm gonna make all of these plans I
don't always do it but it's encouraging
to have a book with you that will
encourage you if you follow me on
snapchat and raise
which are you were basically seeing me
singing along to music and dancing
around but you also see me opening
sometimes books like in the post
including this one another day in the
death of America which is nonfiction it
was featured on brain here for I think
it's about shootings that happened on
one specific day in America and it looks
at the different stories of different
people who are affected by these
shootings so it's gonna be a hard read
but I am before would you read it and in
this current climate I think it's
important to read I'm really excited to
read the Flusser Bohemians which Faber
and Faber sent to me it's about a Irish
18 year old girl who basically moved to
London and falls in love with an older
man and things happen after that so
that's all I know about it so far this
one is also going to be coming to London
with me I think and then the final one
I'm going to start soon is sex and death
which is a collection of stories about
sex and death and I have some my
favorite races in it including Tyre
Selassie who were at guard in Moscow
this is another one that favor of favor
sent me so yeah there are plenty of
reading to be done and not a lot of time
to do it and I also received this
amazing reassuring of Chimamanda Ngozi
Adichie's books that have these
incredible print covers and are so
beautiful I'm seeing her when she's in
London because she's doing an event and
I'm gonna go to that event and listen
with my ears like this and then I think
maybe I'll make a big video about all
her books and about the event
I don't know I'm posing so much in
between but yes that's right right now
what are you reading what have you been
reading what are your thoughts of what I
have been reading what do you like to
read what I supposed to be read what are
you currently listening to as a podcast
tell me everything about yourself and
comments and let's just chat about
things that we love and about things
that make us think because that's what I
really need today
thank you I'll speak to you very soon
probably sooner than you know and yes
that is the end babe I always wanted to
be an entertainment you know when I was
a kid I told my dad I wanted to be an
actor
so he immediately enrolled me in karate
classes but of course I didn't seriously
pursue my dream until I was an adult
