it's not that I don't know what to say
it's that I don't know where to begin I
don't know whether I should start at
brexit that I should start if this week
that I should start at the
relentlessness of the 24-hour news cycle
and why it's not good for us but how we
feel like we have to bear witness and
what bearing witness means and whether
that requires virtuality I don't know
whether to talk about the past few
months for me this thing this mess
inside my brain that like comes and goes
and sometimes feels like it's been
happening forever and other time it
feels like it will stop and relieve me
in some permanent way which it never
will but then maybe it is about managing
it and maybe it's not I don't know
whether to talk about what it means to
have a woman prime minister who wasn't a
feminist whether that excludes the
impression of seeing a woman in power
and the fact that she is a white woman
what that takes away from it but not
necessarily what it takes away from it
but what it doesn't have to mean for
women everywhere and what it I don't
know like the mess of it that's what's
confusing me where do I start do I start
talking about the books that have been
important to me that's been away into
videos for so many years for me how do I
find a way into this that will tell you
all of the things I have been thinking
and the things I have been feeling and
invite you into this conversation so I
don't just feel like I'm talking to
myself in my home by myself trying to
figure out there's confusing strands
they've just crossed over these wires
that have turned into this little net
and it feels like it is enclosing my
brain and I can't think and I can't do
anything I can't work I can't read I
can't see anything I can't take anything
in it just feels messy I'm not in the
glorious maths and the glorious chaos
through which I have delighted and
explored over the years it feels like
something different and at the same time
it's very familiar and it's tinged with
depression but then also these moments
of light that shine through do I start
back
I start we're talking about how I was
able to go to one of my best friend's
weddings and had this amazing times
amazing celebration of two people who I
love dearly promising to each other that
despite all the mess and despite all the
chaos they love each other and that's
important that's enough and I get into
this space where I'm like am i writing
the script to some rom-com or something
but I think that's powerful I think that
that's a moment I think that us dancing
to the Spice Girls and just being there
together in that space and spending this
weekend together as well when we hired
hotel rooms and sat there and took off
floaties into the pool and just like
went to brunch together and had these
committed moments that's what
conventions used to be to meet Lee with
his committed moments of spending time
with one another and now that that as
well but they have all these other
things too of these other things that
are interesting to me and masks to me
connecting with people from this
community commit connecting with people
who I know through a username but who
still mattered to me they still have
those moments but those initial
conventions those initial moments where
for me being in this space with my
friends and delighting through it and
that's what that weekend that wedding of
my friend meant to me it was having that
back and then also having it back for
the purpose of celebrating something
that was happening to them something
really wonderful that we were able to
bear witness to and what does bearing
witness meaning is it just the visual I
don't think it is I think it's a broader
awareness I think it's something
internal I think it's turning yourself
outwards
I think it's listening but I also think
it's being given time to process a
little bit like maybe that's a luxury
maybe that's privilege we always have
that privilege of being able to turn the
news off that doesn't take it away just
by choosing not to you know I am
confused you might say and confused
about where I am and where I want to be
I'm confused about what to do I am
confused about whether the best way to
do it is through video or through
writing or through conversation through
listening through whatever it is I am
aware that it's more than one I'm aware
that is it's always gonna be
the one thing and that's an exciting
thing that's something to celebrate
but it does sometimes leave me feeling
like I am torn in different directions
and that I don't know who to speak to
and at the moment that I sit down with
someone way to talk to them ready to say
this is what I've been feeling this is
what I've been experiencing I can you
know like I just can I get to this wall
and a date I don't talk openly it's just
not my way I am much better at talking
through listening to what they're saying
about their lives and asking questions
about their life than I am to say I am
struggling now this is difficult this is
why it's difficult and I don't know that
I'd necessarily respond well to the
inverse of what I asked got the people
about their lives either I'm confused
and confused and that void of not
knowing where to begin what to talk
about where to really start with this
moment we're at where we're being told
so many different things and where I
participate in the categorization of
people who think like many people who
don't I was a I was like very far into
making even hear about brexit and about
how I participated in perpetuating the
idea that the people who didn't vote for
staying in the EU for people who voted
leave
there are ways in which I participated
me idea that everyone was then a phobic
everyone was afraid of their neighbor
everyone was afraid of what was
different and that's not true there's so
many of you and so many of everyone who
voted because they thought we could do
things by ourselves there were people
who thought the EU was holding us back
there are people who thought the EU
represents the faces of people who have
held my people back who have oppressed
my people because we are a global
community you know it's
so damaging - just think of us as these
little discrete categories but I'm also
angry and I can't pretend I'm not I'm
also angry because there have been these
verbal racial attacks on people since
the vote happened I'm angry because
people feel like they have permission to
say other things they have been thinking
and I'm angry because people respond to
discussion of that width while we have
free speech as if that were ever an
excuse for making someone feel like they
weren't welcome or they didn't belong or
that they themselves are some kind of
animal beneath reduced to their
essential darkest primal cells that
makes me angry to you I can hold these
two things at the same time I can hold
many things at the same time what makes
me angry too is this idea that I can
only think one thing but I was
participating in the same thing any time
then I implied that everyone who voted
leave was one thing I think that a lot
of it a lot of this mass a lot this
confusion comes from that anger that we
redirect towards ourselves and this
disappointment that we redirect towards
ourselves and it's powerful it's I think
once you start turning and turning and
turning in its really self-destructive
but then it also just makes you looking
at yourself in that way even when you're
trying to talk about things that address
others but then I can't deny that
reality of feeling like my world my
family my friends they're all
intertwined with other countries other
lives and that freedom to move between
and that has added this richness to our
lives and I'm angry because I don't see
a leader who embodies that I don't
believe that there will be one person
who ever embodies that I don't believe
that one person can and that's why I
really shy away from this thinking of
like I'm looking for a leader that is
pure
because I'm not and I'm not necessarily
even looking for someone who agrees with
a hundred percent of what I think I'm
looking for a group of people who
collectively will work together in a way
that is beneficial for everyone in a way
that is idea sharing and solution
finding and that sometimes I'll get
things wrong but overall they're working
together I don't see that articulated
either right I feel like this was such
an opportunity to celebrate inclusivity
and I see that in moments I see that in
the statement city car made I see that
in Frank cultural voices wonderful
article in The Guardian this week I I
see that in moments but I wish that that
would the movement I wish that that were
the time that was coming and we'd see it
and I think that it's because we have to
work to make it and see it and create it
together but I also think that it's
because people are afraid and I
understand that like there it has been
no greater fear physically in my body
then after the seventh of July attacks
in London in 2005 like I can't explain
the fear and the sickness that I felt
and I imagine that's what people are
feeling but they're also stoked to feel
that there are people with vested
interests who are like turning the sword
and lighting the fire and saying feel
that more feel that more and turn that
against someone turned the power that it
has against you and gain someone else
and that is horrifying to me that is so
scary and it also stops us from seeing
what's happening what's seeing what's
happening not in our communities and not
in places where we are close to either
geographic unit or in any sense of what
we feel close to and it makes me worry
about what it's possible to care about
and whether it can ever scale up to
seven billion people because probably
can't there's a point I reached this
like breaking point where I just shut
down and retreat away in I think that's
what I'm not of us are grappling with
right now like this interconnectivity
which still excludes a lot of people
which is still they're not perfect space
I think of including everyone but feels
like it is and it feels like noise and
it just feels like all of these things
are happening it almost feels like all
of these things are happening to you how
do we grapple with that I don't know so
I don't really know where to begin but
now that I found my camera battery I
feel like I'm a little closer to to
being able to get somewhere at least
there are books about videos videos
about books that I'm going to be making
there are videos about other things I'm
going to be making I'm off to the UK in
two weeks I'm very excited to go see my
my friends and family again and in the
meantime I hope to see you a little
sooner but let's talk in comments see
that well hello there it's been a while
but today we're going to dive right back
into bookish things as we talk about
each sweat played by Anna Kessel which
came out this week full disclosure a
friend of mine who works at Pan
Macmillan gave it to me it's a book
about sport in women's lives and what
that means and the places where we are
kind of failing women as a collective
whole and where we could be doing more
