hi everyone so only today daily tweet is
someone please make or show me a video
about how to schedule and organize your
life because I am a mess and as someone
who manages or tries to manage her own
life for this day to day basis and also
manages someone else's life
or helps I think that I am somewhat I
have I have some feelings about this
whole thing I made a video with Sonya on
Sanders channel I think about how to
organize your life and that was very
much about the broad range of things
different apps you can use different
approaches you can use and so on but I
think that there is one particular
approach to scheduling and organizing
your in life and that is saying no
especially with freelance
really when you start out you feel like
you have to say yes to absolutely every
opportunity on a practical level you
have to make a baseline income so that
you can pay for rent and food and so on
but also you just feel like you are
growing dual connections and growing an
understanding of the kinds of projects
you want to do the kinds of people you
want to work with and you're really just
exploring a lot of different field
seeing what works and seeing what
doesn't I don't need to talk about it
like it's very pious Gaia idealist thing
it's a financial necessity for most
people including myself there were
things that I took on that I wouldn't
have taken on how to not have to pay the
rent
but it's very much an exploratory time
and then I think as you get further in
to your freelance career or musician
career which I can't speak to you
because I do not have that particular
skillset then you might find yourself
learning more about the kinds of
projects you want to do as we will
progress as we become more skilled as
well our time becomes more valuable we
can charge more and we learn to
negotiate more also it's really
important to listen to that instinct
that tells you actually this project
isn't one that I think is really worth
my time pays enough or is going to open
a door to an opportunity there are lots
of different reasons to say yes or
something but there are also lots of
different reasons you can say no to
something one way to approach it is to
take a weekend a day half a day two
hours to sit down with like two pieces
of a4 and on those two pieces of a4
right broad statements or even specific
statements about the kinds of things you
want to say yes to and the kinds of
things you want to say no to whether
that specifically I would like to be in
a film this year
oh I'm no longer interested in working
on this kind of project with this kind
of company I'd say somewhat
this maker I have done this a lot I
often end up sorting them into my
Diaries because I think they show where
I'm at in my life where my priorities
are at where my life values are out then
also what I'm interested in and
enthusiastic about and excited about in
this weird world where we can kind of
make these jobs for ourselves but we
also have to manage them and to do that
we have to manage our own priorities so
in one of my lists for example I say
things like I want to work in the US and
I want to expand my approach to things
to be about broad approaches rather than
just about keeping my inbox down that
kind of stuff it can be anything from
super specific to I want to try new
things this year because that can also
be really helpful and then on the nose
side of things it's like I will say no
to something if it doesn't pay me enough
or at all or if it doesn't involve
working with people who I like or if
it's going to involve more than X hours
in my week and sometimes I find myself
encountering project that does fit into
the note categories but then I make sort
of excuses and exceptions for it and
that in itself is enough to persuade
weed I want to do it but I think that in
order to get there you sort of have to
be a bit rigorous initially at least
when you sort of make those
classifications about what you do and
don't want to do and they might be
putting too much faith in the power of
words but I do think that verbalizing it
in some way or even just through a
conversation to another person is a
really helpful way to understand where
your priorities lie today they might not
like that tomorrow they might not like
that next week they might not lie there
next year
in all likelihood they will change as
you change and grow and your skillset
changes and grows but I think it is
helpful to have that as a basis to know
what to say no to and what to say yes to
because saying no is a really exciting
thing because when you say no to
something you have this time that was
kind of in limbo that could have been
taken up by something else and it's now
not and it's it's kind of like potential
time what you're gonna do with this
potential time you can easily have it as
a night off you can have it as a night
with friends you can have it as a night
to a kind of project you can have it as
a mic to do another work thing you're
gonna have it as a night to do something
completely spontaneous and just
as spontaneous time you can leave it as
a nitrogen your taxes it's entirely up
to you but that's exciting
equally saying yes to something is also
of course really exciting but I think
you have to see it as an exchange you
are giving something up when you say yes
and you are giving something up when you
say no but you have to wait what that is
and think of it in those terms not as I
feel like I need to say yes to this
thing because when I started out how
this opportunity come to me I would have
been so excited so even though I'm not
excited right now I should do it because
I would have been excited three years
ago you have to remember I think in any
field that you're not where you were at
three years ago in any sense of the word
your body's different the time pass see
in six months alone has probably changed
you in innumerable ways so don't feel
obligated to take on something just
because it's something you would have
been excited for before that's too many
would have and that's too many
hypothetical things and conditional
things and play that don't really
reflect how you feel right now and you
have to respect how you feel right now
and what you want to spend your time
doing this can be trickier when friends
are involved especially if there's like
a blurring between friends and work
projects but I think that if you
honestly look at someone you say I'm so
sorry I just can't make the time work
right now I just can't figure things out
or I really really need to take the time
to work on this project and that's my
focus for now in saying I have to focus
on this thing right now
I think a lot of people are sympathetic
to that they say oh I understand that
feeling and I recognize that and they
are very likely to be like oh sure don't
worry about it and I think a lot the
time when we worry about disappointing
people and we just freaked out about how
upset they're gonna be and how much
you're gonna let them down it's often so
much in your own head and they're like
it's okay so advocate for yourself and
your time and your work and make that
work where you can something that you
want to advocate for whether it's for
something that will fulfill you or
something that will pay the bills which
is also important in its own way on a
day to day basis some quick things that
you can do to feel a bit more in control
of just how things are going is for
example set up an office on your email
address and say I'm a
from my email I'm concentrating on this
project right now if it's urgent email
back with urgent please understand that
I am NOT checking my inbox very often
and then if emails are really something
that's highly of your head and you want
to tackle you need to get into them you
can set up filters that classify and put
them into different folders depending on
like the subject line or who they're
from or the contents or whatever there's
lots of different ways to filter and
another thing you can do is move the
bulk of your inbox into a new folder
called like detox or something get 50 of
these emails and deal within 50 at a
time and work through them or 20 at a
time or ten at a time move through them
archive them and then onto the next ten
another thing you can do is start a new
email address and you obviously can't do
this infinite times or I mean you could
do this infinite times but I probably
wouldn't recommend it but if you're
looking for a fresh start then start the
new email address and then set up an
autoresponder on the old email address
that has the information has the new
email address so people know where they
can get in contact with you you're not
losing your contacts if people get in
touch they get that response it does
allow you like a fresh start and kind of
get into that mind cells a new phase x-5
of helping manage someone else's life
that sometimes my own life is really
overwhelming the tasks they have to do
really overwhelming so instead of
necessarily just putting them into a
to-do list and like prioritizing them or
just covering everything but the top for
another thing I do is cluster them in
types of tasks and retinas of emails
they have to write Frankel's I have to
make drafts I have to write proposals
they have to write and letters I have to
write and by putting them all into
little collections it kind of mixes up
the way I'm thinking about them it
doesn't think about them like subject
matter it thinks about them by type of
task and for some reason that really
works me lets me burn through these
things and even if I just on the phone
calls today that is still one massive
section of tasks that are done the last
thing I'll say is that maybe this isn't
a right thing for right now but going
forward if you do feel like you have the
money to outsource some of it get an
accountant for example have someone help
you with your emails in your calendar
one day a week even if it's just someone
who like sits down and puts all the
events you have coming up into a Google
Calendar or a phone kinda like
kind of stuff I think that can be really
valuable can be really helpful talking
to friends getting recommendations about
what's worked for them about things that
they do and don't like about the
approaches they've taken and then also
the other side of it is like if you do
get to the level where you can employ a
team it is very much becomes I need
these people to make the things that I
want to make and if I have help and
that's even more possible for me to make
the things that I want to make because
I'm making them with other people and
making them with support and I can't
personally do it and so a big part of
saying no and going back to that at the
beginning is just knowing your own
limits and knowing actually it's not
physically possible for me to do this
because I have to put my well-being
first the moment that I take on too many
things and even if I feel like a
superstar for two weeks doing all of it
I'm going to burn out and then there's
gonna be two weeks when it can do
nothing at all and I probably won't
forget about it and it's also just a
really unhealthy cycle to get into
knowing when to say no is important for
your personal management but it's
particularly important for your
well-being so that would be my big thing
about how to manage an organizer
schedule I don't know how helpful that's
been I would love to talk about this in
my comments because I love talking about
organization and different approaches
let me know what you think but you know
if you have any other advice and yet I
will see you in comments and see you
soon I hope you're all doing
tremendously bye
