hello everyone so I'm a really solution
driven person but for the last month for
whatever reason whether it's mental
health or just winter not leaving today
it is very nice but generally when tis
not leaving I have struggled to look at
some problems and come up with the three
or four solutions that I would normally
come up with I don't know what it is
it's just like something stop generating
in my brain and it makes me feel really
slow and really kind of slogged in my
head and it just makes my head feel very
heavy it's not very nice feeling but in
an effort to sort of reanimate the
solution driven part of myself I thought
I'd ask for your help in providing us
all with solutions for in my mind one of
the biggest problems on YouTube which is
the youtube comment system now first let
me say it is because this community is
so wonderful that many of the problems
that we will be trying to rectify coming
up with solutions for this aren't really
prevalent in microwave system anymore
they were once they are not anymore and
that's the problem of like the Comets
algorithm pushing up to the top comments
that have the most engagement but often
they're either the comments that
provokes the most outraged that provoked
most heated response or they're just
people saying horrible nasty things that
somehow have a slew of other people
saying horrible nasty things following
them and leaving comments and support of
them and then those comments right the
top now okay it's the Internet why is
this a problem well I think that there
is a lot of power in the last word I
would say that because I'm the youngest
of three but maybe it's not just the
last word maybe it's like the most
visible words the most visible statement
or response I think sets the tone for
the way you feel and you kind of wish it
didn't did you feel like sometimes it's
going into your brain a bit and shaping
the way you think about something that's
what comments tuned for the best and for
the worst I was thinking about this
today in particular in regards to pay
disparity John made an excellent
excellent excellent video about pay
disparity a little while ago and I
wanted to share it and I shared it with
someone and they went straight to the
comments of that video and use the
comments as a way to quote-unquote
disprove what was said in the video even
though between the video and the
comments were all of these statistics
and all of these graphs and all of these
facts there are some people that are
just not going to be persuaded by facts
and I accept that there's this kind of
like self-reinforcing Kate mob style
reaction when you
have all of these negative comments in
one place what are some possible
solutions for that and what is the best
approach to that is it best to just
leave all the comments there even though
it might make people uncomfortable to
comment and it might make the person
making the video really not want to make
the video but you can always see LGBTQ
people women people who aren't white or
being i guess most targeted for that
sort of hate and then we're less likely
to see them rise up and have their voice
has been given the volume that they
should despite the fact that you have
all these people I guess commenting on
our videos but more than they're not to
tear them down I don't really know if I
phrase that correctly but that's kind of
my my thinking about it is how do we
approach the problem of comments I just
don't like always complaining about
comments we're not really knowing what
the solution is I think that there have
been some features that are important
that our tremendous I think that's a
feature that lets you plug in words to
black ghost I think that's fantastic I
have a better sense of sort of asserting
my right to ban someone from my channel
or hi some of my comments I think the
YouTube has done a lot of things to
through the dashboard feature to make
people more well equipped to tackle
comments but even with things like
comment moderation you still have to go
through all these pages of horrible
things that people are saying to see
whether someone's like slip through the
net how do we create a system that
favors comments that add to the quality
of discussion or even if not quality
like that don't poison the well which I
think has happened too many times and
also has granted the latest people to
come to a video sort the last word on it
because I like the other week that there
is a feature that allows on every single
video you decide whether you want to
display top comments first or newest
first as the default that video and
that's great but what happens when you
make a video about pay disparity or
LGBTQ issues race in any way shape or
form and that video gets shared in
places and then the people who come to
that video last through that sharing or
who is just seeking places to leave
hateful things or just say things that
aren't productive or even true or just
gas lighting
all of that stuff when that stuff is
shown at the top as well like I don't
know that that necessarily solves the
problem really what becomes a problem so
I'm just going to throw this out to you
all and it's were discussing in comments
about comments all getting very
inception today but I hope you've all
been well and that you're taking care of
yourselves I am off to LA on Saturday
and really excited to see my friends out
there and just spend some time with them
I've also got a couple meetings but it's
gonna be a really good trip I think and
then i'm off to Coachella directly from
LA so it's going to be an exciting
couple of weeks but in the run up to
that there is a lot to do there are a
lot of videos make as well that I want
to mix so we'll see what happens and but
i hope you will yeah I hope you're
thriving and speaking very soon in
comments all right bye
you
Oh
