hello everyone say last weekend I was
actually fortunate enough to have the
tremendous privilege of sitting
something like 11 rows back for Hamilton
the musical first let me say how much I
genuinely wish I could have brought you
with me I know that there are many many
members and fans among you and many of
you who have been following this whole
phenomenon much longer than I have if I
think about Hamilton last year when it
was at the public but I actually put off
listening to it for quite some time
after the cartridge when he came out
because I knew that it was something
that would suck me in and oh how I fell
deeply into that comfortable and
all-consuming enthusiasm for something
that you loved so deeply inside and out
also before I get into this I'd note
that I went with my friend Meredith and
when we sat down in my seats I joked to
her I wonder how many West Wing cast
members we'll be seeing today because a
lot of West Wing cast members have been
going to Hamilton and in the interval
Jimmy Hill walks past me like my name's
Charlie young jackass Charlie oh just
what right past me what what what anyway
so I was hemming and hawing about going
and saying hello but then I decided that
I would kick myself if I did so while
the interval was still going on I went
up and I introduced myself and I just
said thank you he was so nice
he was so utterly sweet and polite and
understanding that it was a moment for
me you know like it was it was something
that was kind of that important for me
to do and he was just so generous and
kind about it back to Hamilton proper
there is so much to say about Hamilton
the musical it is a story about an
individual that is so capable and
frankly ensemble I spoken before about
how much I love love love ensemble
pieces I think that they for me are the
richest stories in many ways in the
weeks preceding it when I was listening
to the cast recording and then from
seeing it as well I just found myself
time and time again wanting to write
essay after essay after essay comparing
it to the West Wing and who knew there
might be video essays of that form
coming on this channel at some point
soon it's that dynamic of the central
figure and the fact that the story is as
much about everyone around that central
figure the lie of the individual the
fact that you can have someone who is
one of the greatest and brightest minds
of their generation someone who is
genuinely a critics
but that there is collaboration within
that there is always there are always
other figures with him that that doesn't
preclude or exclude there's other people
today in true is uniform I'm going to
start by talking about the women because
when I first instagrammed that I was at
Hamilton one of the first questions that
I got was who was my favorite sister and
it was a question that set my brain into
overload from the class recording alone
I would have said Angelica Schuyler
Angelica is smart to the bone she's
quick she's funny she has no time for
nonsense
she recognizes conflicts of family and
desire and she chooses sisterhood real
true sisterhood it's not some fluffy
saccharine version of that sisterhood
it's complex their desire is still there
it's not entirely without some level of
betrayal or deception it's complex and
when she's on the stage she owns the
stage she's like the physical
manifestation of the word mastery she
understands people their motivations
their contradictions the solutions for
those contradictions I couldn't help
think of her as kind of the world's best
football manager or conductor of some
sort but it's this subtle power in many
ways it's this mastery that comes from
somewhere within and in addition to
being that figure that understands
people and has this real read on people
she doesn't deny herself the reality of
herself she denies herself satisfaction
she does not deny herself the reality of
her being and she's not some tragic
figure she could have easily been this
caricature someone whose life was sold
down the river to the highest bidder
someone who sacrificed her great love to
her sister who sees herself as punished
but she doesn't she's able to hold
together that which she has given away
and she has retained and find her
purpose is separate from this role she's
supposed to play and what she's seen as
being is this kind of personal
identifier if I make sense so yeah I
love it I think that when we call women
especially female characters strong and
so we want to see strong women it's
never quite enough I mean it's such a
been sufficient descriptor because in
many ways that that description of
strengths that particular use of
strength often negates vulnerability
whereas there is great strength and
vulnerability and Angelica is
tremendously vulnerable particularly her
letters but she's also confident and
she's also in charge of her life and
none of these things are a contradiction
so Jonathan was my favorite and then I
went to see the musical and the whole
favorites just completely went up in the
air and I think that goes back to the
fact that this is not a piece of work
where there is only one woman who can
breed for sure history tradition in
history but women are given so much time
and voice and gravitas to their position
in this story from everything from the
staging from their music from the
dialogue all of it the points in the
music where it builds the points where
we stop hearing from the man and hear
from the women instead the points were
in this big chorus numbers the women's
voices shine through and the person who
has the last word I love helpless and
burn as songs but Eliza in the
soundtrack was overshadowed for me by
the bold outwardness of Angelica the
girl who would challenge Thomas
Jefferson West Wing moment for a second
I couldn't stop thinking of Angelica in
regards to that moment in Hartsfield
landing at the episode Hotspur landing
wet Bartlett tell Sam to see the whole
board
I feel like Angelica sees the whole
board and seeing the show and seeing
it's staging and choices and above all
brilliant brilliant brilliant
performances I was absolutely taken
aback by Eliza she's not pathetic her
function is introduced to pathos she is
not an aside she is a crucial agent
driving part the narrative fascinatingly
she actively discusses adding and
removing herself from the narrative she
takes the work that her husband had
wanted to do and for better for worse
his frenzied narrow urgent focus had
kind of turned back in on himself
destroying himself and she's able to
draw that work out she's able to spread
it over time and one of the things that
resonated for me the most is that her
pain is real throughout the play her
loss is real throughout the play her
lost isn't secondary to his loss it's
not an aside from his loss there's one
moment in the play that I did not know
about and did not expect but it butterly
ripped out my heart
it completely told me out more generally
speaking there are many parts of the
play that she's not in but you never
feel like she's just waiting on the
sidelines waiting
Alexander Hamilton to come home I really
got the sense that in as much as she is
someone who has fallen completely head
over heels totally helpless for this man
she was a partner and she wants this
partner a partner who sometimes often
chooses the important work that he does
over the important work of the home but
that doesn't leave her despondent and
she gets the final word she is the
archivist she's the final writer of
history and I cannot overstate how
important that is speaking of the Scylla
sisters we don't hear that much from
Peggy but I have to say I really
appreciated how the scenes with Maria
Reynolds with stage Mirai Reynolds I
think they say Mariah in the play it
could have so easily because we've seen
it so many times before and a really
shallow scene of the temptress and used
a lot of coded language but there's a
depth to it that allows Mariah Reynolds
humanity even though the scene is very
clearly seen through Hamilton's eyes in
fact Byrd says he'll let Hamilton tell
her and so you know it is particularly
through his eyes through in many ways
for like collapse of his willpower in
fact as the New York Times article said
about the related song it's actually
pretty hot and I think that a huge part
of why this scene works like that
character works why this song works
where the performance works is because
the other woman in the play aren't
merely stereotypes the complexity of the
sisters allows you to grant this woman
complexity as I'm saying this I'm
thinking in many ways I suppose it's
like a performance version of shine
theory and it's because of that that I
think of this woman who has been
encouraged or roped in or whatever
language you'd like to use into
extorting a man and that that act in
itself as abusive and that act of
objectifying of women is a placing to
use to get means to an end as abusive
also and especially as someone who
cannot sing a single note to save her
life Jasmine's voice in this is
unbelievable there is one note that she
hits that I'm like I don't understand
how you do that but it's amazing or I
mean in general there is no single
person on the soundtrack who I would
most love to sound like because they are
all another level they're just out of
this world the technical skill the just
value of their voices together and
having this experience both in your home
and being able see it and also in the
way that it has filtered through the
public consciousness and it really took
me back to my 15 and 16 year old self in
GCSE drama we didn't really have a
musical theater component and the other
side of things was much neglected while
I was there anyway
fluid off
around in the drama studio which was
itself falling apart and talked about
things and I remember I saw like
listening to wicked and listening to
other class recordings and it's really
exciting to me that teenagers in that
position now we'll have Hamilton and
that Hamilton is going to be around for
a very long time so yeah I don't know
I'm excited about it I'm excited to talk
more about it I'd love to hear your
thoughts if you've seen it if you've
listened to it but even if you haven't
seen it or listen to it I'd also love to
hear your thoughts on women in plays and
musicals and TV shows and films and so
on you've seen recently let's just talk
about women again I like these
conversations
I wish it were International Women's Day
every day I see you soon bye
Oh
