so a lot of you have asked me what on
earth is space cap and the truth is I
don't really know I'm so kind of
defining it and making me as we go along
I knew and i vanish progress that I
would want to do a daily vlogging or
mostly daily vlogging project again the
near future it's made of creation
production that really works for me
especially while I'm doing a lot of
other things at my day job because it
means that I stopped worrying and
agonizing about making something it
means that I stopped holding onto
footage and not as seen stuff I don't
know why it still quite know what the
block is there it makes me put something
up I suppose it provides a certain
structure and a certain level of as you
know expectation that makes me make
something that's really helpful to me
it's really exciting to me somehow but
yeah I think that it kind of gave the
perfect time because I spent all this
time in london in january i filmed a lot
of things some stuff i still have an
english annual talked about and I was
also really a lot of stuff because I
could take the tube again so I was just
constantly taking on board a lot of
ideas but I felt like it was so easy
just become sort of passive and receptor
of these things that I wanted to create
things in response because otherwise for
me it's like half of the respiratory how
do you say that word respiratory
respiratory respiratory cycle probably
breathing it's like hard for the
breathing cycle it's kind of like you
take your deep breath in but you can't
take the breath out you can't make that
conversion I have to make something
response to what I'm taking you on
because that's how I process it that's
how I remember it in a way by making
something different with it and that's
not unique by any means I think we all
do that to some extent but for me the
best way to do that is through here and
I also think it's a helpful way for me
while I'm living in a new place and
coming to town to the new place and
finally the things I absolutely love
about a new place but also having in
some ways a sort of retreat by living
here you know like my life isn't as
intensely social because I don't have
that huge network of people who I've
known for many years and you are meeting
all the time all these sorts of like
book events and so on
and it means that I have like a slightly
different focus while I'm here and it's
helpful for me to just keep the wheels
running and keep making something but
the reason why i call that space camp
was because i think that we have this
really big situation where the names
would give periods of time and put aside
I don't know especially associated with
diet and lifestyle changes and 30 days
shreds and things like that for me that
are associated with a lot of dread
because there are certain expectation I
put on myself and it's very pass fail
it's very limited to self judgment and
some sort of identity connection there
so I've started giving projects that
aren't rigidly time-based but there are
you a new thing that I want to try out
I've star just give them kind of fun
names I started this new exercise
regimen that isn't you know planned in
any way shape or form other than it's
like try and do yoga and try and run
more you don't see how it goes it was
the extent of the regiment I call this
face count because I thought it'd be fun
and I love space and I think that that
adds an element of structure to it
without necessarily being overwhelming
but then I started to incorporate other
things into it I started to incorporate
different approaches to what I was
reading I starting to incorporate my
resolutions and general goals this year
I said to incorporate the kinds of
things that I was making in my free time
videos included and so these this came
became part of spacecraft they're
speaking part of this thing the more I
started to think about it the more it
started to resonate for me because I
think that space count and all that I've
ever been to space camp but my
understanding of it is that it's
preparing your whole being your whole
body and brain included and your whole
body for being in a different
environment in which your body is going
to react in a different particular way
it's a way that we don't entirely
understand and all we can do is prepare
for it and that's something about
preparation but in the meantime doing
things that sort of nourish you and
strengthen you in different ways and I
like the idea that it's this big vast
sometimes terrifying if you think about
it too much but but generally vast and
awesome
traditional sense of all it's this whole
experience that you're preparing
yourself for and while you're preparing
for it you're also participating in it
that makes sense I don't know if it's
just one of those things that I loved
and I've just been thinking a lot about
space and I have this great cap from the
time that you may like the way to Mars I
got stuck on Mars and then how to eat
potatoes whole time like they gave me a
cat afterwards so that's a lot of voice
base camp that's happened and I don't
know I do i do put a start date your men
date when it have been a creative way
for me to make videos maybe i will make
videos under the guise of space camp for
the rest of my life maybe i'll make
videos on the guys with Space Camp two
days more and be done I think I do think
like me I just start calling you all
astronauts maybe that would be my bed
lovers to any weight in there to call it
a day because I need to edit this and
it's already late and it's a school day
tomorrow just kidding it's a work day
tomorrow and I will see you tomorrow bye
you
Oh
