hi everyone so the reason why there
wasn't a video on the channel yesterday
is because I had my first party in this
flat and in fact the first party I
posted in Indianapolis I do love to host
a party as I've mentioned I love having
people in my space I love just being
surrounded by a lot of people and I
particularly like it where my friends
from different worlds as it were all
mixed and meet each other in chat to
each other that makes me really happy
for some reason it makes me very very
content I would say that I'm a nurturing
kind of person but I think that the
comfort that people get from that sense
of being nurturing is how I feel by
making all my friends meet and talk to
each other as a result I was thinking a
lot about house parties at the
convention of house parties because I
grew up going to quite a few house
parties they are still my favorite kind
of party and now you know when it comes
to New Year's for example it will always
celebrate how to party if that's an
option purely because I think that the
experience is so much better
I do love going out on my bad thing
going dancing my birthday I think
dancing is very much fun but the
experience at the house party is
interesting as a kind of I don't know
adolescence and growing up because it's
at once a very safe space it's at what's
this this home and this home that I you
know has an element of safety and
protection inherent and it's a space we
can try things but there's a kind of
physical boundary but also sort of
experiential boundary as well within it
but at the same time more often than not
you're given custody of your adult's
home and you're given a set of rules and
responsibilities that you are the one
who has to enforce you become in a way
like the head of the house for that time
people look to you as the person who has
answers about the space in which they're
experiencing things
and gemstone my house growing up I well
house parties were intensely discouraged
and I think my sister's only ever had
one or two house parties each and that
was very much like a milestone birthday
house party and my parents were there
that was thoughtful of my house my
parents would just hang out there and
keep an ear out and I be the much
younger sister would if you have my own
little room and be you know like don't
come in here I'm in this room so I of
course was in a way excluded from that
experience but it also meant that I
could observe it in a sociological
physician I suppose and I remember just
thinking like I think my sister had a
house y'see about 60th birthday and I
remember thinking like teenagers are so
strange
they're so cool and yet they're so
strange and I don't understand them and
they seem like different bizarre
creatures to me but many of my friends
did have house parties where the parents
went to wait so there was that extra
sense of being the custodian an extra
sense of being responsible for that I
think it kind of becomes a microcosm of
a society for a night and it's it's
fascinating to me I mean if I could just
delve into that world today academically
I'm just so in the mindset to do it so
if you have any if you happen to have
any like critical essays or readings
about house parties tell me because I am
just the more I think about it the more
interesting that the space becomes also
it's a space with a lot of private rooms
it has a lot of interior rooms it has
bedrooms and bedrooms were either there
as like limits on who would normally go
in them there's the teenager space which
is very interior and personal add is
such a such a point of expression even
if you weren't allowed to do anything to
that space it's such a telling
environment of who you are I think I I
mean I'm fascinated by bedrooms and the
way we decorate their dreams and what
they say
there's a great series on now next we're
back Demento where they look into a lot
different people's flats and their homes
and go around and that's just my
favorite thing I'll link to in the
description bar below but say you have
these very like interior person spaces
that are often opened up or are given
this different purpose kind of each room
having its own purpose the purpose of
that room changes and especially when
you incorporate like a dance floor DJ
area like I remember the front room in
my friend's house would often be the one
where we had like the music play and
like the best lights and I didn't know
it's just such a fascinating place but I
loved those parties I loved them so much
because it was safe it was safe but
there was also a sort of like a kind of
risk to it especially when like the
parents weren't around but also because
you didn't know who was coming and I
think that that is the big pressure on
the teenage host of a house party like
will people show up were the people who
I want to show up show up and then who
will they bring there was I think only
one party where it kind of got out of
hand and like people brought too many
random strangers and I think there was a
little little strangers who just heard
that there's a house party and came home
down and that was when it was just like
oh no other people kind of infiltrated
this space because there's an element of
you what to meet me people there's
something like curious and interesting
about the stranger and so on but then it
when it gets through to a point where
you no longer feel in this safe bubble
of like simulated or real
experimentation and pushing the
boundaries and and suddenly being in
control within that space then it
becomes a different thing it becomes
threatening to you in a way I don't want
to say energy but there's a like a
positive bubble that it leaves behind
even if your house looks like the set of
skins the day afterwards there's this
this feeling of like people had fun here
people had a good time here and and
people had conversations and
and like made out with new people and
like darts to weird songs and vomited
behind a counter and there is something
that without wanting to be too nostalgic
about it and paint it with this brush
although more than it was it was really
special and I think that there's
something also about the teamwork within
a friendship when you had a house party
because you know you give odorous goes
around your friend's house before and
it's like to pre latch
but then also to like help set up and
then the world sees sadovo you'd often
have your it would be your closest
friends who stayed over and they would
be the ones who'd be there with you in
the morning cleaning up with you and
just like debriefing with everything and
I think that those moments especially
for me because this led me in my my
primary friendships when I was in
secondary school and really now as well
most of my my best friends and people
I'm closest with I'm very much my best
friend's routier kind of thing but but
the people I'm closest with were girls
so it was a real girl friendship
movement like him and I really felt like
even if someone had really pissed me off
a party or even if someone had done
something that like I exhaust berated me
in some way then there's kind of a
moment of healing in the morning because
you're all quite vulnerable emotionally
I think especially if you drink like
there's a I still don't really get
hangovers but I get that there is that
emotional moment afterwards for me after
drinking that I sometimes like I just
feel a bit more I feel bad somehow and I
think that in those moments those
morning-after conversations are so
telling and exciting and fun and that
was drama there was the time I fragrance
out of control drunk and I was he after
her and we had to call her mom to come
pick him up and then her mom yelled at
me because I wasn't like looking after
her properly that these moments of drama
and outrage and like you don't
understand because within my world I
have been custodian within this world
I've been steward within this world and
you're coming in with your rules from
the outside world and infiltrating that
and I think that you know when you get
like an angry neighbor but knocking the
door as well that feels like the same
thing I'm like you're not in this this
space this planet that we have control
over for the next however many hours
from what drinks we have available and
don't we say when we invite people to
the house party in don't what we put on
the playlist like who do we have like
snacks available is there gonna be like
a designated smoking area and it's all
these decisions it's like making a Sims
house so many of these experiences for
me really framed who I became as an
adult and also showed me how much I love
making those choices of making these
decisions but they allowed me to do that
in a safe space and I mean I know that
this is like it's such a hugely
privileged experience to be able to go
to house parties in there with people
who had homes that they could open up
firstly and that you know we're big
enough to accommodate people and just
had that element of I didn't know he
trusts trust in them and safe
neighborhoods and all that sort of thing
but it's um yeah I don't know it's
fascinating to me I just think about
that a lot I just get sometimes they get
like really stuck on these trains of
thoughts about human experience and
today today that was the house party so
I'd love to hear your thoughts in
comment I'm actually going to go through
later today and do a massive responding
to comments crew because I firstly just
haven't really had the chance to do so
over the last few videos but also like
you're just posting the most thoughtful
wonderful things so hopefully this
evening I'll have some time to sit and
do that properly but for now it's a
beautiful day and we listen to some
music and then
go to yoga and yeah just like chill out
really people left a lot of food behind
yesterday that's the nice thing about
grown-up house parties that tends people
more food brought along and say there's
some like brownie bites and pretzels and
tortilla chips and spinach dip and all
of these things that I am going to go to
town on tonight because it was my tenth
youtube birthday this week so I might as
well celebrate I will see you tomorrow
bye
