oh we're at the noose how do you
pronounce the loofah aloof d pronounced
the hook very quietly scrap ninjas you
use the cutter
when I think of Paris I think of parking
tickets of the Eurotunnel of tired legs
hot Sun sitting chairs on the pavement
of my parents and my sisters Paris in
January was different from the trips I
took as a child I was glad to see my
sister who lives there now with her
husband and kids we take the free bike
since like gold all over the city and
one of the days we went to the big
graveyard where Oscar Wilde is buried
and Chopin and Jim Morrison and also a
girl a 21 year old girl buried amid
crumbling graves who died after going to
a concert he was shot it's hard to not
think about how lonely she must be in
there it's hard to not think in present
tense
you
you
you
you
Oh
