and literally I have to leave the
airport in about five minutes and have a
lot of time I'm gonna start the
conversation here about Hermione's I'm
so excited about it I'm so excited not
least because we had some impression
that maybe the older characters the
characters that we love so much would
make some appearance in the class child
this video by the way it's about
Hermione Granger in rural but in
particular where the lens to the view
that Hermione Granger can be read very
effectively as a woman of color I've
always been such a fan of that reading
and I particularly love the fan art
around it because it's just created it
in the kind of strong visual way so
firstly I'm so excited that Hermione's
back because we'd yeah we didn't know
really what kind of role she was gonna
happen with the casting of an actress
like no matter who any who's a fantastic
actress it kind of gives me the idea
that there will be a certain level of
involvement of those characters in the
play and I'm just I'm so tremendously
excited I can't even tell you
I keep like physically I just I can't
I'm just very excited but what there are
so many different things even begin with
so the conversation Harry Potter of
whether you're multiple and pureblood
half-blood all those different that
terminology and specifically mudblood
that language has already had very
strong racial connotations at least in
my mind and I think in in most people's
behavior and then is a thread that has
carried throughout from the first book
to the last book but in particular in
books two and six not least because it's
a discussion of visible identity right
and how much you can know about someone
through their parentage and through what
something inside them genetically has
done to create them in the way that they
are it was about to say about potential
that what we expect of that person from
what we know about them and I'm waiting
with those two little pieces you can see
this sharp parallels and really the
correlation it has I would say even more
than parallels with the discussion
around race and with racial experience
but as when we see the real dark side of
the Wizarding World when we see the
prejudice against my girls when we see
the the language that is kind of without
care and thought tossed in the way that
people talk about muggles and in which
they talk about wizards of muggle
heritage as well that we see those
correlations more sharply one of the
reasons why I love the reading of her my
own II as a woman of color
and that was like really stay true to me
it's that idea of the relationship with
beauty there's always an expectation of
women as beautiful and that beauty has
to matter in the certain way like
without beauty is intrinsically valuable
and we should want to be beautiful and
Hermione has always pushed against that
in a certain way but then she can also
she was the place of it in each case the
euro bullish gets dressed up and she
joins herself and it's not like there's
something wrong and right about it it's
just not the terms in which she defines
herself but that conversation becomes so
much more interesting when you add the
race facet because there you have this
expectation of a certain kind of beauty
and a kind of beauty that is very
normative a certain kind of beauty that
is very white and so whenever you have
these conversations with like Rita
Skeeter and Hermione for example and
they're talking about bushy hair and
things like that if you read it as a
racial comment as well it just adds so
much texture to the reading and that's
what I love about books and films and
things like that but a particularly
books is that the readings you bring to
the table are valuable and they're
important and they kind of makes the
story and they transform the story in
different ways and in talking about our
readings of those books and in our
experiences of those characters
especially when those books have a
bigger life than the life on the page
with night like through Harry Potter's
you're His Dark Materials your Lord of
the Rings all of that stuff when the
characters have a life outside of the
thing within which they're bound then
it's so interesting to be able to have
that view of how someone else sees them
or how they're suggesting you see them
for this moment of time whether it's the
duration of a play the duration of a
page the duration of the film or just
something you catch in the background or
even the duration of your life if it's a
reading that's so compelling to you and
that has changed the way you read a
character I think that's a beautiful
thing I am so so sorry to anyone who's
received tweets and things like that and
just and and I've been sucked into the
discussion in a way that has put them in
contact with like horrible violent
racist language it's disgusting it's
absolutely repulsive but then there were
some people who were like well she just
didn't write them like that and that's
as though those characters are stagnant
because even if she did say Hermione of
very white girl very skinny or Caucasian
heritage that doesn't change anything I
don't understand the point in which some
people want to cling so rigidly to those
kinds of readings but it was though they
like really want the the cage to come
down on them on that reading and I think
a lot of that is also to do with the
idea that we have nowadays that the book
is the author what the characters say in
many cases of what the author feels and
what the author is making a point about
you know like there's some kind of very
direct correlation there and that's just
not the case that's not how books work
it's incredibly difficult to separate
that book and or the relationship
entirely and I don't know that
necessarily that always provides the
most value as well but it's a really
useful tool in which to remind ourselves
that there is nothing jailed in about
our readings our readings need to be
open our experiences can be open and I
understand also if you've created a home
I mean whether she's black or latina or
First Nations or white or whatever you
Rita as and you want to keep her as
yours and any kind of visual depiction
of her upsets you and that and so on
like that's fine but it's when the
visual depiction that you don't like is
related to race that I wouldn't say that
you are necessarily a terrible person
but I think that you maybe we should
think about why it is that you're having
that reaction because like sometimes I
feel things and I'm like that is a
really uncomfortable feeling and I am
feeling that because there's something
deep down within me that has not
reconciled some social discussion or
like has not quite prices that yeah and
that's interesting because that's kind
of a teachable moment for me on what to
think about and what to learn from
anyway so that's generally race and
Hermoine tiniest exploration into it I
have to go to the airport right now but
let's continue this discussion now
because I hear that airports are pretty
great places to rug
I'm going to Detroit and then I have
like an hour there
London so it's pretty exciting I was
just thinking you know that better
quarterbacks well Molly really believes
the position
she
Easter Egg I was wondering whether that
could also who have been rat it's tinged
red Sun underlying prejudice that has
been like absorbed because I know that
there is obviously makers protected by
Cobra
interesting Italian
I think it's absolutely fascinating bill
I didn't realize that my Ellen it's much
say my grand plan to film this video in
every step of the journey failed very
quickly parched Indianapolis Airport but
I had a great trip home and now I'm in
Marion Sweatt I'm looking after Marion
so that while she's away and by looking
after I mean that they're letting me
stay here because there's not really
anything that needs that much looking
after apart from a few plants so yes I'm
back in London I'll get back to that in
tomorrow's video but I want to continue
the Hermione discussion in that like one
thing that I also really admire about
her is that there is a bit of a trope of
like logical people in fiction and how
logical people operate in that vertical
people are restricted by their logic
entirely and I think that Hermione is
able to understand that she has this
logical approach to situations and that
that is her strength but she's not
restricted by it entirely and she even
emphasizes the need to look outside of
that system of thinking that it's not
necessarily the best system of thinking
and you see through the events of the
books as well with things like the
Quibbler and so on you see that being
broken down for me it's a kind of
passage of growth that I really
understood and that I hadn't really seen
that much in fiction like the passage of
growth for the notes all kind of figure
a passage of growth for the girl who is
capable from the beginning but has other
weaknesses and has other things to learn
her life felt like it was broadening in
the same way that Harry's life was
broadening and Ron's life was broadening
but even perhaps more so and she is
always there she is just the best she's
such a good freakin friend she's like by
far the best friend out the trio I would
say personally she is just she's
dependable she's reliable she's helpful
but she doesn't think twice about saying
actually I don't think that's a good
idea
and she's always the one who tests the
waters when Ron's too afraid to what
erestrum afraid to and she's she's
straight talking she tells them exactly
why what they're doing isn't correct and
I really admired that I don't think it
should be docile I think that she's not
cruel I think she's not harsh she's
gentle and understanding and pathetic
but she's also very aware of when people
are being unreasonable and that does
come back to her logic thing she's a
character who would be very easy to
leave behind at the school door she she
lives in that world she exists in that
world she breeds that world
she is Hogwarts in a lot of wait she is
that person in your classroom who's done
that homework there's yammering what
about what you haven't done and his
panicking and stressed out about it and
all of those things that I can deeply
identified with especially being like a
bit annoying about it and she's very
much a character of that school but when
you put her in the world and you put her
in the environment you find this sort of
gentleness to her along with a sharpness
and that take no kind of attitude
and she adapts she's so adaptable if you
think about her in correlation with
maybe some of the other muggle-born
characters she just takes it in her
stride and approaches it pragmatically
she must have been terrified like that's
something that I don't think we talked
about enough I love to think about her
getting her Hogwarts letter and having
that whole conversation and her parents
approaching it and all of that because
if she's definitely someone who would
have been on a certain kind of track on
a certain kind of route through her life
even from a very young age like she
seems like someone who would have been
driven in that way would have had a
sense of what her world was and then
this thing comes and it just completely
changes everything it's a wonderful
revelation it's great it's not like it's
an indication all that so there is kind
of a parallel with what her track would
have been but it's a different thing
it's completely different and changes
everything and she's trying to find
something she understands within this
mad new world she tries so hard to find
her way into it before she's into it
because she knows that she doesn't fit
in like Harry in many ways like Ron as
well they all have a sense of being the
misfit and that misfit kind of truth as
well comes into it for sure but rather
than throw up their hands and say I'm
different I'm screwed what am I going to
do she tries to find a way into it
despite the fear that she must have been
feeling despite the knowledge that she
was irritating people despite all these
things that she she feels quite close to
her chest she does it and she excels and
she works hard and she's a great friend
and she is honest and magnificent and I
don't yeah I don't really know
know what to say else about it I think
there are more over reading and more
over discussion of race within the books
it's absolutely fascinating and lends
lots of things but I also really really
liked this piece in the New Statesman I
think it was far more egotistical than
that as a child I had brown eyes frizzy
hair and overbite large enough for
smaller children to shelter under during
periods of heavy rain was brighter than
most of my classmates and was often
obnoxious with it I thought Hermione was
black because she was the character
Romo's closely identified with I didn't
identify with her because I thought she
was black that to me was such a
beautiful expression of what has been a
massive moment for many of my friends of
color who've grown up loving Hermione
but have never seen her as they imagined
her and it's I think a huge moment for
all of us and I think that it's a
wonderful wonderful wonderful thing and
I'm so excited that we get to see her
mine again I just I'm so excite that we
get to hear more of her story via the
Curtiss child and via everything else
going on around it or just that she's
gonna be there she's gonna be back in
our lives in new stories and new ways
and that to me could not like could not
be any better so I'm delighted and
excited and all the other I did all the
good itíd words but now I'm going to go
and well edit this but then maybe rest a
little bit before going out for dinner
I'm really throwing myself right back
into London it would probably help if I
had a shower or something but I will see
you tomorrow
