hi so it's about 1 11 p.m. I just came
back from brunch the point of Awesome
ended ended ended about an hour or so
ago and I went straight to brunch with
Meredith and have a celebratory
margarita and now oh my goodness I need
to like bathe and sleep sir would have a
bar and then I'm gonna have a nap and
then I'll come find you in a
non-threatening way in a little while
probably in several hours I am so tired
but we raise an immense amount money
thank you to everyone who joined me in
the live stream for five hours this
morning and now i'm going to go to sleep
pretty much so I planned on sleeping for
maybe two three hours and i ended up
sleeping in till 5pm so four and a half
hours and i'm still not feeling
completely awake i'm going to do some
christmas stuff some Christmas prep only
realize how soon it is they don't want
to do some potato stamping first I'm
going to have a bath because I didn't
have a bar before I went to sleep I just
completely passed out woke up a few
times and I played the latest episode of
prime time as I fell asleep and every
time I woke up it would always be
playing a gangster's paradise and but
yeah I would have a bath and then I'll
be back and we can stamps and potatoes I
do you think I've ever I don't know if
I've never dumped you to stamping but
it's been some time it's been years how
to read like five miles did it so
today's the day the remnants of the
project for awesome everywhere sprinkles
the gold sheet look how are we doing my
hosting time we started considering it
was 5am and putting all these things or
most of them at least all the ones with
the tick by them terrible handstand I'm
really proud of how we did actually this
goal sheet is looking pretty cool then
over here we have some remnants from the
adventures in fairy bread these are all
the little sprinkles or as i like to
call them tiny annoying balls that I
dipped my face in and this is the
English muffin situation and these were
the strawberries the raspberries I
didn't eat because they were covered in
fluff and if you can see the fluff but
it's in there and it's disgusting this
is the champagne I drank when we got to
500,000 and that's all the washing up I
have to do because I have abandoned
everything but the project for awesome
for 48 hours including my plants which
now slightly dying
tree is looking great I think very happy
with decision to buy tree I wanted to
talk a little bit while I prepare my
potato which I'm completely going to
ruin and must say and about arts and
crafts because I mean firstly how much
fun is it to do art projects like a
little kid in kind of like the Art
Attack way that you sort of wanted to do
and just feel a bit more like their own
a bit more like an authority on it when
you do when you were little but I also
know how to actually use equipment
saying that I'm making the wonky asst
Christmas tree I haven't ever made in my
life I might have ate another potato I'm
sorry I factor with that when I switch
the arts check these always have like
the really cool equipment and everything
and both cool slightly you know you
don't have that in your house so we
would make do and my mom's really
resourceful because she I mean she's
very artistic herself she's so talented
but she's also she's to be a restorer
and she select restore and you know
ceramics and things like that and just
other China that's what stuff and she
can do it with like the most minimal
materials it's really impressive but you
just tremendously resourceful overall I
have found that like and it has given me
a real sense of like when I'm being
wasteful and what I'm not many ways to
like for example and I discard a potato
because if it's in Syria I'm a Christmas
tree I'll make that one into a star or
something shows like The Art Attack was
so fun because in a way they were
wasteful and carefree and as much as
they were like super effective I'll show
you guys in a second this is just like
just like having a tree into this potato
I've always loved drawing things like
that but when I started having to do it
at school for GCSE one of the juices but
for before that in secondary school
really and started being assessed in it
I just completely like I stopped drawing
I've stopped in dude learning I just
hated
really did not necessarily because I
felt like oh we know art shouldn't be
taught or anything like that it was more
because I just didn't have there wasn't
enjoying it the second it became
something that was examined every single
aspect of the joy of making things just
flew out of the window for me and I
didn't feel the same about like English
which is my favorite subject or even
Spanish or anything like that or drama
but for some reason with art I was just
like this isn't working for me so I
dropped out after a year nine so when I
was 13 14 or something like that around
the time that I side this YouTube
channel and then I immediately light
began drawing again and began making
things again and just had so much fun
with there and just that really relaxed
about it in a way that I had it for a
long time this is why we're at right now
so I've got it even out the side so you
know if not even just gonna clarify the
sides using a very sharp knife so if you
are you know you might need parental
supervision of some sort would do
anything anything make sure your
grown-up is there to help you I just cut
off the side of my tree again and the
worst of this I'm so fat I think that's
the other side of that it is very much
my knee to immediately say that I'm who
was something and I'm terrible just when
I hit a little bump and when I'm making
something and just like oh I don't know
if you saw me make a for the live stream
it's really frustrating when I I find it
really difficult when I messed up when
I'm making something and I felt like I
wasn't really able to mess up especially
not would be examined aspect of it even
though really I didn't actually do too
badly in terms of them grading and
things like that and my arts classes up
to that point and but I remember you
know being told like oh you draw with
very thick lines and I didn't like it
and you should either hey there are lots
of different things I just felt like
completely check the fun out of off me
and the way I think a lot of people find
studying certain books in school takes a
fun at them for reading so it's like a
similar it's a similar situation I hope
I wasn't supposed to boil this potato
before anything I was so wonky wonky
tree and I've got some bright paint and
some card that I've had
earlier so let's let's start with this
nice blue color and I'm also going to
use this takeaway box from the other day
that you might recognize and then I'm
gonna take my potato stamp of a tree and
put it in the oh yeah yeah buddy there
we go this gives you a better sense of
what what's going on over here and then
he just keep stamping and I did if you
guys watched the project for some last
year sorry I'm in full project for
awesome mode front of their respects was
these prints and they turned up so
beautifully I saw her making them so
reminding me how cool like repetitive
repetitive prints are and how easy it is
to make something quite simple and basic
and childlike like this actually look
really fun and it's also one of those
things that like for me Christmas and
the things that I like about Christmas
are all about taking the time and the
moment it becomes the very like mass
manufacture side of it is the me when I
absolutely like push better gates do it
and don't like it I like it simple and
if it weren't the fire hazard I would
put candles on my treat that sort of
thing and I just messed up one of them
but in orbit in the name of art I can do
what I want I am basically Andy Warhol
right now yeah buddy look at that some
trees I'm going to put this so much safe
I need a drying rack like they used to
have on those shows smart none of my
favorite show it was always a heart
attack loved it trying to find ways to
have more of this in the shop but it
would involve moving the camera further
away i just realized i would have to cut
off some of this bit because it's not
working for me yeah i'm going to talk
about the art assignments i think that
that's such a cool show and you know
it's been cool to see it audience grow
and it has really introduced me to a lot
of different artists say thank you Sarah
sometimes Sarah watches my videos at the
office and I walk into our office and
hope she's watching on my car it's my
voice potato Stanley oh this is the
perfect thing to do in the evening after
the p4a because I am feeling so relax
right now I love a bit of repetitive
stamping action oh there we go the old
what brought our batteries in the media
I'd like to do a bit
painting maybe you'll get some bob ross
on and follow one of his painting things
another video i really enjoyed watching
recently made by one of my friends and
two of my friends in fact is that serial
time video in which they they paint with
La Crosse and that's not the show that
I've just been it's been so much fun to
watch one even away here we go some more
trees few things drive me madder than
like a really dirty surface with your
counter but sometimes when I'm like
really overwhelmed or partner you clean
it so who does this thing of like this
task gets too big to complete and yet at
the same time I must complete it
otherwise I will surely lose my mind so
that's fun a lot of my Ally secret
diaries have a lot of art in them like
they have a lot of drawings there's one
of theirs one of Daniel Radcliffe in
Equus there's like a drawing I did of
hidden with the horse and if I think I
might have shown in my secret diary
video that i made like 10 years ago now
and yeah that was pretty funny this this
tree is just not having it I think this
tree is on its last legs you might be
able to hear the wind but it actually
feels like nice warm tropical weather
Indiana's fair
ok now let's peek connect to let me pull
it out i will try mixed are there we go
abstract dancing star
thank you very much miss lebanon okay
listen and do some moons guys they kind
of it like bananas rather than moons
let's just say relaxing guys I cannot
recommend crafting enough you need to go
and watch some of these like the DIY
Christmas videos that people have been
making and mix of my own stuff release
to that because this feels great like
tony the tiger liking it also because
it's getting more condensed towards the
end my perfectionism is more about
completing things than it is about
making things look don't know a line
during thing hey I made an art look at
it okay on that note I'm going to go
leave these things to dry and then I'm
going to go edit this video I will see
you tomorrow me my questionable moon
bananas and my trees say goodnight to
you until tomorrow happy vlogmas and
thanks to everyone who yeah he has sent
me so much love over the last few days
and as always I'm really enjoying
reading through your topic suggestions
so i will do that but to finish off i'm
going to show you my potato stamps in
their own pink glory and oh no okay so
you got my sleeve in the banana means
look at these guys oh oh christmas
