hello it's just before 2pm I am working
from home today just trying to get a few
things done by a few things done i mean
about 17,000 before the project for
Sabrina's on Friday and before I have to
do all these other things before i go
and the light just went out
inconsiderate there's a lot to get done
and i had like a bit of a weird morning
like not necessarily difficult but just
when those mornings where you just can't
by the time it got to about nine am I
could right now I'm going to eat an
English muffin of which there is nothing
English other than the fact that they
are not crumpets and we're doing is
going which is to be expected as I said
yesterday lots going on it's fine i'll
get it done today i was actually can
talk to you about subscribers but i'm
not gonna do that right now because i
will get back to work any my feet that's
a note to my future self oh it's 530
mike the clock of my cooker is lying i
don't even ate you at kearney let's see
it earlier today i wanted to talk about
the idea of subscribers and
subscriptions because we see this word
everywhere when we use in youtube even
like on my note on the screen oh
apparently have far too much faith in
how sticky these little less as i got
from paper source are anyway said so why
don't we interact with a lot of lots of
different context probably more than
this but two big definitions come to
mind this is kind of like when you start
secondary school assemblies when you're
hosting them when you say a dictionary
definition of subscribe is i rather the
teachers actively discouraging that and
thinking why would they do that i would
always like to know what the oxford
english dictionary definition of a word
is but the distinction in dictionaries
as far as i recall is the distinction
between subscribing to a service and
their subscribing to like a mode of
thought or an ideology what's
fascinating to me though is where the
two things cross over so when you are
subscribed to a service you are in many
ways subscribing to an ideology
especially if you're giving them the
money because your funding what makes it
possible for them to keep on doing
things when i think about things like
later on i think about it in the context
of patron it but i haven't really
thought about it that much in the
context of subscribing that concept of
subscribing and sort of aligning
yourself with this thing is really
interesting to me now one distinction
between patronage and subscription is
that patronage is kind of a top-down
view where the person handling them
has the power where a subscription is a
bit more bottom up I think it's
something that you subsidize it's a
sub-portion underwriting something but
not sort of looking down it and
dictating it in some ways it's that's 80
to me at the moment we live in such a
subscription heavy culture or what feels
like one to me for many people there are
several sort of basic subscriptions like
you subscribe to things on YouTube
that's for free aside from YouTube bread
which you also subscribe to it you might
subscribe to like Netflix or Hulu you
subscribe to Spotify or the google music
future or you subscribe to Apple music
which I can't undo on a free trial I was
actually just listening to a song that
habits into an ages it's some peaches by
the stranglers and I'd never listened to
the lyrics before and I was like wow
this song is not what I thought it was
about how naive was I where you could
say Bambi esque as does pertain to Bambi
I was listening to a famous turn at home
music a few amps ago that's called lads
lads lads points points points fantastic
playlist and just for me like it was
clearly targeted at this demographic and
then the other side of it that was
seeing more and more now especially with
paywalls as subscribing to newspaper
services for me personally and this is
true all these services some of these
experiences have really narrowed by
ability to explore things and discover
things there's all sorts of different
reasons why people have subscriber
services and pay walls and you can even
see that within one type of subscription
service and looking at the different
ways that they're built and the
different sort of purposes that they're
supposed to serve and also the different
ways that people interact with them so i
subscribe to youtube netflix at the
music free trial and I no need to
subscribe to The Economist but I put it
on hold down because it was getting a
bit expensive and I subscribe to you
adobe creative cloud I subscribe to you
what else is that I feel like there's
something I've already mentioned that
I'm not gonna mention here i will
subscribe to spotify i I don't know
there's lots of different excited about
you i'm going to have cable subscription
that sort of thing subscriptions for me
then function on the supporting
discovering and reliably sending me site
of things and then there's an axe
to information sections that to which
does play into everything else what's
interesting to me in those models
especially when there are two components
when there's like a free section and a
subscribe section how does that affect
the way the content is creative is it
geared more towards people who are
paying subscribers or is it created in a
way that doesn't affect the flat
experience of everyone that some use the
experience I have when for example I go
on the New York Times website I didn't
have a subscription to the new york
times but I can read these articles and
know that even though i'm getting a
limited amount of stuff because it will
cut me off after I think it's 10
articles a month in the meantime I still
have access to the same website as
everyone else who is pay I think
probably probably not actually there's
probably something else that I haven't
ever seen before and that world will
forever be unknown to me and then people
subscribe to these food services where
they send you a big like blue Krait or
something and put it in front of
vegetables that are in season on your
doorstep every week was something I've
always been really intrigued by that and
I might take that up at some point in
the new year I also was given so I
wasn't paid to say it or required to
review it but I was given a like free
first vegan cuts books which any of you
guys know about so I didn't know how
much it's made around on other blogs and
things I haven't released I haven't seen
it much elsewhere but it's a little
books like this with some slightly
larger than sample size vegan products
it has some cool products it has like a
hair milk and a body lotion I think
there's like an out monish in here
somewhere yeah there's an hour varnish
and something that I don't try to
understand and haven't used yet a
calming blend botanical facial esteem
sounds wages better for me it also had
an eyeline there from one hundred
percent pure that I really liked and
have liked so much that I've actually
just put it in my handbag and he's at
most days that I where liquid eyeliner
but to me this kind of service is
fantastic for discovery and fantastic
for me be someone who's not sure about
where to start with vegan makeup or
cruelty free makeup that sort of thing
but I don't know how much it's something
ongoing or how much is something that if
I stopped it I would start it up again
with music what's appealing to me is
having a huge library of things that I
can access at any time
it's also something that I don't need to
use up it's something that I don't need
to like work my way through that's kind
of the same with things like The
Economist I subscribe to it because I'm
getting access to today's articles but
also because I'm getting access to like
this archived articles then the other
side of it is a financial culture of
charges and like direct debits and all
of that stuff which sometimes can get
really over my head especially in the US
where I feel like the direct debit
mechanisms at least unlike chase and so
on aren't quite up to speed up to par
like I was talking to someone earlier
today and I described the chase website
is something that was built in like
2006-2007 it doesn't refill responsive
to things but I think that when you
subscribe to something though because
there is a certain like time period
involved you are making a commitment to
what you're going to want out of this
experience like five years down the line
or a months down the line or wherever it
is it's obviously different depending on
the severity of your subscription for
example if you subscribe to a gym
although I guess you don't really
subscribe to Germany or a member of a
gym which is another language play of
the most immense proportions and to me
at least it's a really clear way of
showing that money talks and money is
effective at saying something about
ourselves obviously it doesn't define us
an encapsulating sort of terms but money
and the way we choose to put on money
and where we choose to put our time
coming back to something else with met
yesterday and as well as what we expect
to want from our future selves I think
all of those things say a lot about our
identity so it's fascinating to me
actually that YouTube has that term
subscribers I think it's interesting
that you tube which has been around the
ten years now was maybe a bit ahead of
the curve on the subscribers thing of
the subscription culture or the other
hand it never went away and just as I
become more of an adult and had the
ability to subscribe to things that
require money of me and the inability to
subscribe to other things that require
money of me it has made me more aware of
it I would be fascinated to hear your
thoughts on this front because it's
something I think about constantly and
also if there are any subscription
services that aren't available that you
would love to see a subscription service
that I
that is now like Sun setting i think is
the word that they used to describe it
is oyster books which is the netflix for
books kind of setup where you get to
read unlimited books at least under the
unlimited section you can also buy
ebooks and stuff basically every one of
their teams acquired by the google books
team so hopefully they'll maybe launch
something similar over there yeah we've
been getting better and here for bass
club of days I'm going to make some
fettuccine with some tomato sauce and
then with some broccoli and then I'm
going to get ready because i'm going to
c walk the moon tonight a bunch of
people playing it's the jingle jam as
they call it pentatonix walk the moon
tori kelly Rachel Platten Becky G who I
don't know and someone called Max who I
didn't I was over the gig tonight which
is at a farmer's Coliseum I have gone
with a slight cowgirl vibe I've put my
hair in platts for the first time in a
long time and like pinned down the top
but after that twisting it around my
hair kind of looks tigerish right now
which I became with it's got this very
brown color and then the bronze coming
out as well so as entities on today's
video and I just realized that in like
the longest part of the video embel
enfocus I apologize that was a bad
behavior and I will endeavor to be in
focus in future vlogs but for now I've
got to go to farmers Coliseum and see
some music off see you tomorrow for the
project for awesome
Oh
