good morning it is Saturday the 5th of
December it is the sixth day of rukmi's
I am absolutely freezing cold it is
minus 2 degrees C right now which is not
ideal the only reason I'm gonna get up
and in a second is to watch the Earth's
ham game West I'm a plain man United
West have my team there my beloved
beautiful to you some days umm.what
wrestled the other days because many of
our best players are out at the moment
with injury planned for today I was
doing a farmers market until I realized
that it clashed with the West Ham game
so priorities but we'll go together
another week instead we might walk down
to a locally grown Gardens and I can
show you that place which I love and
I've just got a lot of really boring
admin to do which does not make the best
vlog this full-time I found my brother
miss also there's been probably the
least Christmas Eve blog myself every
other loved us I've seen this morning I
was watching some people's and they were
like putting up the tree which makes me
want to get a tree the commercial value
but also cuz I love the tree and I was
getting very envious remembering us and
you know their lights everywhere and
they're like having Prosecco and they're
drinking hot chocolate and I'm like I'm
doing none of that stuff but you know we
have this connection you and I we're
sharing intimate moments of honesty can
you believe that the new Star Wars film
is out so soon because I can't and I'm
really excited about it but now we've
got to go watch of us down so once again
we're going with my old friend and
macula liquid powder foundation
mattifying which I can't believe is even
a word most the time I have a very
shield out relationship with makeup some
days I might do foundation other days I
won't and I'll just see lipstick or
something else my use of makeup is
measured with whether or not I feel
inadequate in some way if I've gone out
and seen a picture or if I've watched a
blog and I felt like my face never looks
that good and all of that stuff and
sometimes I will respond to it by going
back and putting makeup on and
everything like that but those tend to
be the days that I feel really low so
there is a correlation that if I am
deciding to put makeup on in the morning
just cuz I feel like it well because
it'll be fired or because I really want
to wear the shade of red lipstick
whatever today then that's coming from
positive place if it's coming from a
responses of the house then putting it
on doesn't necessarily make me feel
better about myself it just makes me
feel more covered up and like it's
another place to hide I just realized I
forgot to update you about the football
so west
Man United drew which I'm actually
fascinated very happy with because
considering that Pyatt Lentini who else
was off Sacco and then Moses went off
just as he like was doing some tests if
you won the game because if you all
these people were off it's fantastic
that we do and Winston Reid was just an
absolute hero and it was a great game
we're shooting Michael outfit which is
just this big jumper leggings knee socks
rolled around the ankle and soaked to
relate to look at our friend the bridge
and is such beautiful day here in the
middle child um and yeah no hat need is
really you know there's the idea that
like the reason why I am back pentameter
is so pleasing to the ear is because it
mimics the human heart beats Itanium at
that saloon that can be proven or has
been proven by science but I feel like
that's something that's wonderful about
walking it kind of has that rhythmic
comforting sound of like one two one two
one two
it's just it's very comforting it makes
me very happy no saying earlier that I
don't feel like I've been Christmassy
enough but this is somewhat Christmassy
scene I think maybe all these parts
these things where they're always kids
on them not today such a nice day not
even time it was just maybe beautiful
babes this is making me feel pretty you
think hopefully not as you may have
guessed the weather has just transformed
me I feel alive again I feel human again
you only got know your mind again yeah I
can't super
so that was the dancing demo which I've
heard so many good words bar and
absolutely delicious
I have not heard if you can do it at
that good in a very long time and now
it's the moment I started feeling the
settles here were more settled here in
the same guys so when I was do you meet
your board ambassador is when I
discovered for smaller businesses not of
course that there's no creativity to be
found in big business that would be
completely ridiculous or someone who
operates the videos to YouTube every
single day but yeah I didn't know if
there's like oxygen and small businesses
or smaller stores or like stores so they
recognized you do again I just really
didn't show you what I got at leafy
growing garden so I'll show you now I
got some apple cider which was made at
Tuttle orchards in green fields Indiana
and then I've got this cauliflower it's
been ages since they've got cauliflower
but you can make a really good like
pasta sauce with cauliflower and that's
probably what I'm going to do with this
one see ya later leave it that's the day
because I have to start researching my
project for awesome video so that's a
clean my flat because it's clean but
it's not like rosianna clean you know so
yeah go tidy up the floors gonna clean
up fridge all these things that make me
happy and settled inside let me know
what your Saturday was like if you had
to work I think it went ok I hope it
wasn't team manic especially in the
run-up to Christmas if you're revising
for anything or working on essays I also
hope that it's doing fantastically for
you in the comments on with everything
else I'd love it if you talked about
what your favorite local independent
business is or one that has closed down
and from days of you under you remember
softly and weep when you remember of its
shuttered doors okay goodbye
I just like to leave things on a
positive note I am deep into my deep
cleaning but I want to show you
something that actually is Christmassy
so I can feel like I'm doing vlogmas
right look here's a penguin you can't
even really see
I don't really buy kitchen wrong but I
did today I bought it for this brother
miss unlocked
