good morning it is December 2nd today is
Wednesday and I'm about to head off into
the office a lot of my work is based
around my in books and so I enter these
states of mind sometimes where all I do
is just like wake up check my email and
then I'm in this limbo like 3 hours so
I'm responding to email let's start in
the working day but I haven't had that
clear delineation of like get up get
dressed shout into the office it's been
a lot better since I moved to
Indianapolis but today should be fun so
I've got work today and then the evening
I'm gonna go see Love Actually with
Meredith so I thought there's something
we could talk about maybe is like
favorite films right now what are your
head into the office it is a no makeup
day today for no reason other than I
just can't really be bothered so it's
after work it is 5:21 p.m. the amazing
thing about my company or the u.s. or
whatever is that everyone goes home at a
completely reasonable hour like it gets
to 5 p.m. and everyone's like the cool
the day is done not used to that that's
still quite new for me and I have to
fight the urge to like just stay back
and do a few things more so two quick
things firstly and John's mom yesterday
was telling me about this Elf on the
Shelf thing which is apparently a new
tradition that was started after the
release of this self-published book in
2005 about this elf that keeps an eye on
kids and their if the kids touch the Elf
on the Shelf or wherever it's hidden
around the house then it might lose its
magic and not be able to report back to
father Christmas about whether the child
has been good or bad it's super creepy
and there's of course like a toy elf
that ties in with it and it's about $30
which is around like 20 pounds or so
I've been completely up the loop on this
and then I started seeing on my Twitter
timeline as well because people get out
the elf on the shelf and some people do
quite funny things with them and and put
them in weird positions but mainly it's
like this creepy surveillance elf that
I'm not sure if they're entirely
comfortable with the second thing was
that I feel like I haven't really
acknowledged how wonderful the
conversations have been in comments
already I've read it here where the
lighting isn't quite from terrible say
this morning I mentioned wanting to talk
about my favorite films and I mean
favorite from the sets of those songs
that like cling to you like a limpet so
I will say that I think every single one
of these films is overwhelmingly white
it is English speaking most of them are
from the first like 15 years of my life
because I have that connection to it I
just trapped my finger in the tripod
which hurts
an awful lot but the first one is Erin
Brockovich which stars Julia Roberts and
this was a film that I think we got on
VHS from some neighbors when they were
moving house or something but it exactly
know when the film came out but I was
still probably like that bit too young
to watch it but I fell in love with it
immediately it's a true story about a
single mother called Erin Brockovich who
took on Pacific Gas and Electric blood
working at a law firm bearing in mind
that she's not actually a lawyer she
started to notice a pattern and some
kind of cancer and things like that that
were popping around this very specific
community of people in a town called
Hinkley this is one of those cells it's
probably obvious it's way like it
incredibly strong women extremely
stubborn overworked so self makes
difficult choices and habits the stasis
that Western society as taught us are
masculine spaces and feminine spaces at
the same time is a mother all of those
pieces on what makes a good story and
plus the great writing plus the width
plus the snappy repartee plus there's
moments of tenderness or say there's a
sort of like thriller law drama element
to it that does come in at points and I
think that this is one of those films
that is tremendously well-balanced for
me but it's still thrilling to watch and
anytime it's on television I would drop
anything and watch it and I think that
is the thing for basically every single
film that I'm going to talk about today
these are all films that if they're on
TV I all watch them even though I have
them on DVD even though I've seen them
20,000 times I will stop and watch them
turn the film about a very stubborn
woman is contact which is based on the
book by Carl Sagan it's really fostering
a very young Matthew McConaughey and
it's really interesting actually to
watch it in the context of 2001 a Space
Odyssey and also in the context of
interstellar because I feel like these
films are all talking to each other and
of course 2001 is a classic of course
space films all talk back to it in some
sense I think at least but there is a
sort of thread in contact that is
mirrored in interstellar that is very
interesting not least to me because
contacts kind of works and interstellar
doesn't part of the reason I love
contact us that I think it's so
fantastically displays the sort of
bureaucracy and behind the scenes and
different places in your life you have
to be in order to do your passion
project and your job which in the case
of Jodie Foster is looking for
and one of the central questions that I
come back to you when watching the film
is who would we send to talk to an
extraterrestrial do we militarize it do
we send a scientist do we send a poet
and now of course that's a whole
different element to it because the bed
the whole like father-daughter storyline
but that I've had that I've loved that
for such a long time then it was
actually kind of shocking when I first
watched it after my dad died because it
had a different relationship to it I
still love it but it's it's almost
uncomfortable or somehow there's
something a bit weird about it
but it feels a bit too close to home a
bit too alien for me one of the films
that I remember watching one of those
VHS recordings that had like all the
squiggly lines and was clearly recorded
of TV because there were well at adverts
on it Andras Indiana Jones and the Last
Crusade which is just like right up
there it's such like a rip-roaring
adventure film it's very sexist at
points it's completely incorrect in so
many ways but for me you have all these
different pieces and all this different
scenery and all of these different
characters that just somehow flow
incredibly well and keep that excitement
heightened it's a mystery at the end of
the day it's a crusade mystery and yeah
I just think it's tremendously effective
so then we come to Aaron Sorkin decision
that work came to mind immediately when
I was thinking about doing this video it
is one of my favorite films there's a
fine line between like challenging the
heroic nerd storylines and playing into
them and using them and I don't think
that that is done under wittingly I
think that it's done incredibly smartly
there's the pace of recovering the pace
of the action despite the fact that it
is for all intents and purposes it kind
of like slow-burning courtroom drama and
again for me it's one of those songs
that every every element of it works so
well the score is impeccable every piece
of it visually verbally musically acting
wise comes together it's also felt that
more recently I've been enjoying
watching in moments like enjoying
watching a scene at a time or a place at
a time because then you can just sort of
intensive ly focus on what makes that
moment so precise and great and work
I've done a whole video about Steve Jobs
so I'm not going to get into too much
detail here
that I really love about the the
three-act structure of Steve Jobs that
is so clearly laid out and that is
Sophie at Racal is that it is precise as
I said in my video it is something that
invites you to look closely at every
detail because every single detail has
been considered so if we can go to teen
films for a second I'm a huge fan of
Easy A and I'm a huge fan of clueless
two very different films Heelys was
again another one that I watched very
early a part of the endure was the fact
that my sisters were allowed to watch it
and I wasn't because there's a big age
gap between us in lots of ways it
presents itself as a film about an idiot
and a film kind of making fun as a bimbo
that is something that like Legally
Blonde does as well like you're supposed
to think that the whole point of the
film is making fun of this girl but
actually it is highlighting the
intelligence and the complexity and the
sort of intricate nature of her world
even in relation to the failures of Emma
if you're marrying as you know the
adaptation of Emma there's a depth to it
that you realize upon watching it that
you weren't grads in hair initially
because you were making assumptions
about her it's not a cynical film it's
not trying to be nasty or mean it's it's
a very honest funny intelligent film and
an easy a which I watched so many times
in cinemas and have watched even more
times at home for me is a film about
video blogging for me it's all about
sharing your life on the internet but
then also being in control of your own
narrative and it didn't a very no media
centric idea of the promiscuous young
teenager rampant sexuality teenager and
it allowed the person center of the
story to be in charge of their narrative
in a way that I think had been granted
to like Ferris Bueller but hadn't been
granted to young female characters in
quite some time and especially not at
the time the eza came out I could
actually go for ages and I haven't even
started with television which you will
be seeing me talk about soon because I'm
going to make a video about Jessica
Jones the last thing I'm going to
mention today it's Jurassic Park which
for me is cinematic success it is the
film that you adore as much when you see
it on the big screen as you do anything
in your living room watching it it's
like
The Odyssey happening like watching them
get out of a labyrinth in lots of ways
there are so many different times and
each turn is so perfectly calculated but
in the context of this world of
dinosaurs gone amok
it doesn't feel calculated it doesn't
feel like oh then we have this problem
and then we have this problem it somehow
has that feeling of getting out of the
labyrinth while also feeling wild
there's something that then you believe
about it incredibly quickly and part of
that for me actually coming to think of
it is because you don't see them in the
context of what we would call like
normal life you see them at a dinosaur
site and then you see them on the island
you don't see the space in-between so
immediately you went in their world
everything is dinosaurs in you're
dependent on this white rich guy from
afar who's giving he loads of money but
hey I might also want something else and
you never really leave that even in the
final scenes you don't you know you
don't see them like re settled back into
their lives and that is something that I
think doesn't work as well in like you
know the third film when you see them I
like the film a lot but the first film
for me has so many things that just work
in ways that I haven't seen in many
other films before I adored your ass
apart and I a doll or a dance
performance in Jurassic Park doesn't
mean was another woman in film that I
just grew up admiring so much I think
that gives you a good idea of some of my
favorites and that sort of like
heartwarming deep kind of way but now
I'm going to get ready to go to the
cinema and I will see you tomorrow bye
