so there's 842 morning on the fourteenth
of november i got into brooklyn last
night with john i'm in the afternoon
rather and we went to the pub to watch
the end of the bosnia island game which
was being played entirely in frog and
literally looked like the most
ridiculous thing I've never seen because
the folk was everywhere and the Irish
players were wearing these green shorts
and he couldn't really see anything
other than like their knees and their
shirt certainly couldn't see the ball
but while we're watching that I was
checking my phone as I always do and I
saw news about the attacks in Paris it
was very early days it was a couple of
tweets that sort of thing but then
obviously is the evening unfolded as we
were going about our business here in
New what we learn more and more about it
and it just completely breaks my heart
and I know that my commentary is not
it's not needed really like it you know
everyone everyone sad I'm not the only
person to feel sad I'm not the only
person with family in Paris I had my
sister lives in Paris with her sons and
her husband what's scary to me though is
I mean firstly how often I'm saying what
I'm about to say these days but secondly
is the the feeling of like what happens
after these moments and like what
everyone turns to and the quick
militarization of our cities and above
all of our minds and the extremes to
which we will go for safety which makes
sense if what we were being given was
safety with like the snoopers charter
with all that stuff I don't know that
we're necessarily being given safety I
don't fit doesn't feel like safety to me
you know it just feels like invasive
privacy for the purposes of any of the
world owes to the purposes of fulfilling
some kind of oh this is why we've been
doing this all along and this is why we
didn't take in more refugees and this is
why this is why when as has been said
incredibly well over Twitter and
elsewhere this is what refugees are
running from you know
this is their daily reality and it is so
tallying that on the same day as these
attacks and the couple days before as
well you know they're bringing in
Lebanon their big attacks and Baghdad I
remember the feeling after nine eleven
sort of vaguely but I didn't really
understand it that much but the feeling
after july seventh which was when in
2005 london was bombed and there were
attacks on the tube and attacks on a bus
as well it became very manipulative and
lots of ways as manipulation of fear
that was mixed in with very real fear of
course very very real fear my memories
of that time I bits and pieces I was 13
years old so I you know I was if I was a
human and everyone was very worried and
everyone felt like someone they knew was
wrapped up in it then that was a very
understandable fear but then also like
the buses I remember taking the bus home
and there were like three people on it
including me and just the streets were
very empty and for following weeks you
would find you doubt that your parents
all you have been cars that were like
stuck behind buses they'd been stopped
because they've been suspicious packages
and the one hand it's so important to
have that vigilance because of course
there are occasions of copycat crimes
there are times where people react to
horrible events like this by trying to
do their own of course I'm not
pretending that that's not true and I
also don't work for the security
services and I don't see what they see
because of so much of what they do has
to be kept secret it must be frustrating
also to hear people talking about it in
a way where they don't have that
perspective but on the other hand it is
very easy for not just media but just
for people to very much stoke those
flyers and and use that feeling because
there's something of a rush to it that's
not to say it's necessarily pleasurable
but there's this feeling of like you're
operating at a different level of your
kind of like it's like a buzz in a way
like you everything is in a buzz and
it's different I do really worried what
it's going to be like for Muslims in
Europe at the moment
because in London I remember it wasn't
there were many cases of Islamophobia
though so you were seeing more coverage
a bit of course because it was in the
news and that's not to say I hadn't been
happening before but I think that there
was this like heightened level you know
people saying that they went sit next to
Muslims on buses that sort of stuff I
remember with some friends saying that
they didn't feel very safe at the moment
and their Paris haven't told them like
go to school come home that is it so
just is this fear it's a seer everywhere
and fear within us often I think it can
make us more safe but it can also make
us feel like we can never be safe again
it depends how we approach it and we
have to be very careful with the
whispers that were passing along like if
if you hear a rumor about something make
sure it's grounded in fact just just all
that sort of stuff oh no it's very sad
to me it's really really very sad but I
just hope that we can do as much as we
can for the men women and children who
were fleeing these terrorists and are
just looking for a safe place and it's
hard not to think as well about the
drone strikes and the way countries have
behaved in that region for such a long
time sometimes it's hard to think of it
in terms of good sides and bad sides
because I think that that's a false way
of looking at it and that doesn't
reflect the reality of the situation and
of our roles in every part of what we do
on this planet so yeah so it's very sad
start to the morning actually and very
start outside enter yesterday but I was
at blaziken because it's what John's
here for it just men in blazes podcast
and he's got an event this morning and
there was a moment of silence and
filming of silence and I remember
feeling like when we did those notes of
silence at school like I understood
vaguely why we did them for World War
two in the First World War and I hurt my
knee near my grandparents were alive and
I had a connection to it in that way but
it still felt distant whereas these
moments feel so closely held
that something that has just like that
was for me like a mark of respect and a
mark of sort of commemoration has just
become this moment to be still and be in
the moment and think of other people in
a way that is much closer than there
ever has been for me and a lot of that
is probably growing older and but it's
yeah it's a very sad time for Europe and
for France for Paris especially if you
have family there if you have friends
there really if you just feel kind of
taken over by it please know that I'm
I'm thinking about you and so many
people think of you and you just look at
ourselves and and make sure we're not
participating in this spreading of fear
and yeah I don't know irie now I'll say
you
