so I just saw the Steve Jobs film which
I thought was exquisite it was one of
those films were left not having the
worked to talk about it so naturally i'm
going to walk and talk about it bit too
close something that I'm realizing rest
of me is that my favorite films and
favorite programs my favorite general
things are anything that has clearly
made and clearly demonstrates an
ensemble that celebrates the Istanbul
and that gives us that kind of balance
to the performance that includes
everyone in a way I don't know if that
makes a lot of sense even though it was
clearly about this one person it was
more than that it was a look into the
people that surrounded him and they were
secondary of secondary importance even
though you have that very clear
perspective of Steve Jobs another's
cultural figure who we think of as a
singular figure rather than in the
context of the ensemble or at least
culturally or at least misset select the
media perception of him and yet it was
an ensemble it was so textured it was so
precise and yet you really got the
feeling of the atmosphere it's split
into three acts and I won't you know
spoil and I think it was as long as a
metal detector to me but it also behaved
like a play and again that's something
that I really like about Aristotle's
writing it is also something that I
think Danny Boyle does exceptionally
well and I think this film though felt
like something very different from them
both because it wasn't an ego project it
doesn't feel like an eagle project I
just felt like they wanted to tell this
particular story and
ease they wanted to show these people
they wanted to show a slice of what
these people are it was also incredibly
emotional on Sony different level so one
because we only ever had Apple Macs and
my family my dad absolutely loved apple
and he celebrated apple and even when as
a young kid I was like where we have a
PC cuz on pc i can maybe before the sims
and I Canada because it's more expensive
I remember getting the imax i remembered
there's sort of ravenous hunger with
which point out sort them and strangely
there even pictures of steve jobs they
look exactly like my dad it's incredibly
weird and i do think i'm reading too
much into it to say that it's a film
about fatherhood and all different kinds
of fatherhood but as acting or that it
also made me think a lot about the
immense changes and the possibilities
and the whole world that computers have
given me in my life personally and the
friends and and the creative fulfillment
but also the ability to do my work and i
don't mean that necessarily
professionally but took to create what i
want to create to put words to things to
make things out of the pieces that i
find like that's what computers have
given me and that's something that i
think is is celebrated with in kind of a
quiet way in steve jobs and i'd also
didn't expect that to be the case i also
thought that it was incredibly
structurally sound and that is something
that I really struggle with I have a
terrible sense of structure so when I
see it done right in any form of
storytelling I have great admiration for
it why don't you say something about the
word that keeps going to mind for me
English
precisely because I think that there has
recently been a real focus and I would
always say an obsession with realism in
a very literal sense in a very dry kind
of sense it's kind of like we're so used
to having things in this very high
definition we're trying so hard to
rehear it the way things look and feel
from the human eye from a human
experience that we forget communally I
think that that's not necessarily the
purpose of the things that we experience
the things that we create and things
that we experience I think we lose a lot
when the only style that is culturally
acceptable to us is realism as someone
who is huge lover of magical realism but
also someone who is usually Rufus of
poetry of heightened language
experiences being presented in different
ways interpreted by different people
because that adds something because it
says something different it doesn't have
to be realistic doesn't have to be 2d
but it also doesn't have to be like
forging all sensors at all times so when
I say precise and when I say it's like a
play a big part of that is seeing where
someone is standing the way that they're
standing which may not be a quote
unquote natural pose and maybe in a
quote unquote documentary situation they
wouldn't stand in that exact position
there's a scene where Jeff Daniels
character is standing facing away and
the choice to do that like the choice to
place him in that position and the
choice for him to stand that that is not
a realistic choice but it is a creative
choice and I don't know it just in this
might sound really obvious now that I'm
saying it sounds really obvious but I
feel like we have lost we've lost the
weave communally lost the ability to see
that as something valuable in and of
itself aside from whether or not it's
realistic and I think that realism is a
really
barometer for creative experience and
creative production because you can't
present something entirely realistically
and and what realism means isn't making
it exactly the way it happened because
we all have different memories of how
something happened and you don't
experience things only through your eyes
who experience them through that feeling
planta ribs you experience them through
the way someone made you feel and threw
the weigh-in event stuff like there's
something very intangible and textured
about this girl for me I really do feel
like I have lost the ability to explain
things that i love but i also think look
part of that was because this film did
take my breath away a little bit you
know why it was so different I don't
know what about it was so different I
don't know whether it was just this like
intersection of of circles and just
filming in the middle of what I like to
watch and this very life emotional
moment and this this significant thing
twenty percent contemporary human
history the computer and the internet
and the way we interact with people the
way we make things I'm going on like a
mute delete right now performance-wise
Kate Winslet has long been one of my
favorite actresses and I think that she
especially stepped it up for this so
there's an incredible counter character
and that clearly comes from her as well
as from the writing that doesn't put her
sack into anyone even though she is not
the title character even though I would
have loved that I would love a film
about her it doesn't feel like it's not
a film about you know there are so many
things that I'm seeing right now why
even though there is a fantastic woman
there and she's strong she's still step
into the main and this didn't feel like
that she wasn't the means to an end she
was like a driving force in herself and
yeah I was really really impressed by
that in as much as I spoke about how
excited it was about this film I was so
scared I was going to just like it I did
feel that I was either going to love it
or hate her but I didn't think that I
would leave with this this feeling that
I have right now I didn't think that I
would leave with this deep draw to it
but then also this need to kind of see
it more and more and more and understand
they made it you know to understand how
they made it happen the only other thing
that I can think that I have that
feeling for in any way similar to it is
the West room because again that's
that's that's a balance as a balance
that in the best episodes in the best
moments the tone is just right the
rhythm is just right the actor was just
absolutely on point I yes I finished the
film wanting to see it immediately again
in fact I would have stayed in the
cinema and watched it once again back to
back but I had to be getting on with my
day and enjoying some fun on the lake
shore to shore I don't want to make this
all about my dad because it's not this
this feeling that I have after it isn't
entirely about this my life isn't
entirely about this loss that happened
four years ago it is something different
to that but it definitely does give you
a different filter through which you see
your experiences I think losing a parent
does that and then having a sort of
disconnection from it i think does that
too and i think it's only really now
that I'm properly processing a lot of it
when I finish the film I also did Phil
metzli sad that I can't show it to him
and I'm in Toronto and he was going to
take US Canada and I didn't know
probably would have just lightened that
I think it's it it captured the
importance of what the contribution that
that man had to my dad's life to my life
and that i would have liked him to have
seen it so it's it's it's very strange
when you just realize all the things
that that time just things go on the
other thing things continue and things
continue to be made that
it feels astonishingly underfed some
people won't be able to see use but so
it goes anyway I am now going to look
around in the Sun and enjoy it and think
about films that I really loved and look
forward to seeing it again but then also
make the most of my last 12 hours or so
in Toronto and I've been filming a lot
I've been filming a lot of so many
things and editing none of it but I hope
you're all doing well and not carry the
conversation on the toilet for sure I
wish selects identity picture it's
pretty amazing it's a pirate ship
for sure
Oh
