today's my birthday and I've turned 24
24 where did this happen I started
making videos when I was 14 years old
which is literally a decade ago I don't
I'm so confused
actually my earliest memory is from my
birthday it's me sitting in the back of
my mom's Nissan Micra and hearing my
wing Lippe birthday cake rattling around
in her back and now two decades and two
years later I'm 24 and I pay taxes and I
live in the USA and I work for my friend
in 20th Century Fox and I decide whether
not to shave my legs sometimes life is
weird amazing and beautiful and I am so
confused and there's over 41,000 of you
that's an astonishing number of people
Carly Cross who has started youtubing
turn 23 recently and she made a video
about 23 things she's learned so for my
24th birthday I'm gonna do the same
thing
here's 24 things I learned by my 24th
birthday
number one trust your instincts we're
taught especially those of us who are
women to doubt ourselves and use the
language of apologies but chances are
your instincts are there and pretty damn
solid number two listen to other people
this might seem like opposing advice too
trusting your instincts and in fact
there are a lot of items on this list
that are going to sound like
contradictions but other people have
lived different lives different
experiences different perspectives for
better for work and it is amazing that
we have the capacity to share those
experiences so we should make the most
of it and no one to stop talking and
listen number three if you're feeling
creatively stuck emotionally stuck or
generally just stuck watch something
someone has been in YouTube read an
article and rookie listen to an album
you adore take out one of your makeup
and try and turn it into face paint and
make yourself look as fierce and
terrifying as possible well like someone
you can laugh at because they have a
lipstick on their forehead
number four if sign is really and truly
negatively affecting your life and
affecting your ability to function as a
human being create boundaries that
protect yourself know when you have to
leave a situation ask your friends for
advice and make it clear that this
person isn't helpful to you and even if
they don't understand make firm
decisions about the role this person
will or will not play in your life and
stick to them number five there are
those people
and then there are the people that we
write up quickly from secondhand storage
casually told people who are so
problematic you can find reasons to
write everyone off and yes your fave is
problematic but so you give people space
and time to grow and change under the
condition that they are not people who
have been shut out for a good enough
reason or a pizza defense I have made so
many new friends in the past six months
just by trusting my gut and being open
to people and realizing that more from
the not the way they present themselves
is a show or I didn't understand it or
that we solved it or by talking it out
number six selfies selfies helped me
come into myself they helped me feel
happy with all of this and I take them
for myself
number seven know your value your worth
while and what you create is worthwhile
always negotiate from a place of what
you make being important and your time
being important number eight never be
afraid to love things loving things is
what motivates me and what excites me
and what makes me want to reach out with
myself and into the world to hear about
what you are do 9 clean up as you go
this counts as much for kitchens as the
many that scatter our days on
this little blue planet tiny flat tidy
mind but you also create time for
yourself later when you clean up as you
go number 10 avocado toast
I can't expand on this but other cloudy
toast also avocado with salt pepper and
lime number 11 think of things in terms
of time rather than money or effort or
validation and approval what is my time
what there is not a value I could
possibly place on it 12 live with less I
hung on to things because they reminded
me of mass some lasts more tragic than
others some just forward shelves I was
trying to force myself back into number
13 when you like someone asks the man
don't be afraid to be too keen or
overbearing just go for it if it doesn't
work out whatever it's not about they
didn't deserving you it's about I went
for it and it was awesome
whatever the result because I really
went for it no before seen this goes for
friends to just invite them up for lunch
or to a casual trip to the supermarket
might very well fall in Electric French
or below number 15 the ocean do you see
how to breathe again when you're sad or
anxious if you're in that state and you
have the opportunity to find one go for
it number 16 New Romantics by Taylor
Swift is a great anthem to snap and to
sing to your nearest avocado because
baby I could build a castle out of all
the bricks they threw at me number 17
gin and tonic should always be made with
a lime or cucumber or both I don't
understand people who put lemon in their
GMTs I just don't think you're living
I'm sorry but I'm not that sorry
number 18 X never ever fo marks the spot
unless you're searching for the cup of
Christ you'll get somewhere and your
goalpost won't change that's fine that's
amazing that's how we keep moving
forward don't feel disheartened by this
your ambition is a lioness and I can
hear her rule from here 19 say thank you
help clear up B of subject to one
another how can I be of subject to you
always quote the west wing 20 writing
isn't the easy pastime you once thought
it was of sitting down and pouring
stories out for hours then being done
but everything is rewarding redrafting
it's like a puzzle and you'll get that
keep going
number 21 anywhere you live needs some
plants get that oxygen flowing number 22
keep a diary if you can looking back
will be painful at times but this record
of the weird words floating around your
head is more valuable than you know when
you're scribbling them down 23 if you
can't sleep well you've had a bad day or
everything's falling apart Hogwarts will
always be there to welcome you home
number 24 you are enough you're a
 miracle of evolution and
champagne supernovas and fire and drive
and ambition and joy you're amazing
thank you
thanks for watching everyone whether
you've been watching since I was 14
years old or since I turn 24 this is
your first video I am trying to get
better at supporting my own work so if
you forgot to get me a birthday present
feel free to click the subscribe button
if you want if you don't want that's
absolutely fine too but I'm just other
than that I will see you very very soon
goodbye
