hi everyone i read an article the other
day about emma watson because i'm nearly
24 I'm all I think about every day is
still Harry Potter and I get Harold a
Google Alert sent to my phone just in
the event that JK Rowling a set on some
tiny website on some tiny corner of the
internet that she's writing Hogwarts a
history anyway so this article was kind
of on the cost of Poseidon since the
nature of my job has changed and also
the nature of YouTube fame and celebrity
has changed and it's becoming this weird
thing I found myself really grossed out
by anything even slightly gotta pee and
celeb news and celeb updates because
just feels really invasive and intrusive
and I just makes me feel a bit ill I
can't like passively consumer anymore
because I've started to see all these
celebrities as people and it's just
horrifying if I could just go back to
see them as objects for my consumption
in my enjoyment that would be great
another part of this is getting to an
age with so many my friends my English
degree I have bylines absolutely
everywhere in this whole range of
publications as they build their career
and the stories I've heard from behind
the scenes of these got rags make me
want to like build a hand out of plugs
and punch someone in the face with it
everyone knows that plugs are the most
painful thing or actually what I would
do is I would build a floor of plugs and
then just make them walk all over it I'm
a Dark Soul anyway I'm getting so far
off the point now that I'm basically a
candidate for the US presidential
nomination I live in the USA now I'm
allowed to make those jokes in this
article so ever wants to break up with
someone who's just you know the name of
all care about window because it's not
me and she went on a silent retreat and
that led me to think about my
relationship with silence and also
recently with turning inwards I'm an
extrovert and I know that the internet
sometimes treats extroverts of mythical
creatures whose entire purpose in life
is not understanding introvert but I'm
an extrovert I get my energy from
spending time with other people it's how
i recharge it's my enough hardest and
it's just when happiness feels most real
before it slips through my fingers and
falls away and spending time with other
people is still my energy source even on
days when I feel isolated and it's
tempting to throw up my hands and say
hey I'm alone in this world I'm a brain
and of that everyone I matched with has
a gun in their profile picture and it's
really weird online dating here but
silence I've already good silence but
Harry what Emma Watson silent retreat
made me think that I've spent the last
few years kind of essentially silent at
various points if not in silence myself
silent when i was working remotely i
wasn't talking to anyone for sweets the
day and he's not with my own voice maybe
with my
typing hands when you live by yourself
you're silent except when you sing aloud
to yourself and talk to yourself and
tell yourself about your day and then
what I've also found in the last few
years is that when my brain is really
tired and really stressed and chemically
imbalanced as a default I'm also kind of
silent then two more than ever before I
found myself hanging out with new
friends old friends close friends people
have just met and not really knowing
what to say it I'm half Mexican so
that's a big deal it's like my voice has
been stolen by a sea witch or something
when I'm in those modes it's about
waiting for a topic to come up that I
feel comfortable talking about so it's
often a really dire complex sort of
issue about pain and suffering around
the world and it's very critical and it
also makes me feel negative and quite
angry in a lot of ways I may just be
misremembering here but I don't think
comfort has ever come into it for me
before I use just say whatever the
I wanted to say on a day-to-day basis I
spend so much my time loving things and
me excited about things and being
enthusiastic about things it does make
me sad that I've sort of lost the
ability to communicate you that in some
way it's like I can't really jump start
anymore but if you got me on to the
topic of land mines or racism in the
film industry then here i am to converse
I part of me thinks that so much has
happened to me in the last four years
that my brain is kind of forced me in on
a silent retreat but I'm going to get
out of that I'm not enjoying it anymore
i'm a lonely Brit living in india for
those seeking friends and i just can't
be like that anymore and i also gonna
have a lot of common denominators i used
to say anymore so i can't really be like
oh hey that David Cameron what a wanker
born into privilege a ah David Cameron
can he leave so how about the non silent
around me while I listen to music while
I right and now what I work because I
don't really like the sound of air
conditioning it just gets into my head
and it goes and I also can't sleep
without listening to audiobooks because
Indianapolis is so silent I had the same
problem when I was in Exeter and it was
so quiet I couldn't hear anything I need
some sirens and some traffic and just
some general debauchery going on outside
I just can't sleep in this quiet
environment without having an audio
because I made to listen to it but I do
talk to myself a lot i watch youtube
videos a lot The West Wing is on the
background like seventy percent of the
time and yeah I mean how can I be
expected to pay my bills about the
soothing sounds of 1989 and vinyl I
think what's my friend Ariana who told
me a few years ago there was actually
some sort of scientific biological
reason for fear
silence like actual pure silence because
it means danger to animals or something
I don't know it just means that
something's going wrong maybe it's like
a natural event going wrong or there's a
velociraptor that's eaten all your
friends and your family and you're going
to die next unit that sort of thing with
the idea of silent retreat or the
analogy of a sign retrieving my brain
forcing itself to go on one really
appeals to me because there's so much
noise going on in my head my inbox is
reaching capacity and Google is asked me
to upgrade but yeah I do kind of feel
like I've been on a silent retreat of
sorts the past six months to a year or
so and it's like writing this big wave
of going in and checking in with your
friends and your day-to-day life and
then being pulled back out again to
something different and then going in
and out and in and out until you'll pull
the way by the current sometimes and
things get a bit serious and darker and
less pleasant but if it is an emergency
coping mechanism or something how do you
know when your brain has done enough
emergency patch work how do you know if
you're isolating yourself because it's
easier or because you've had an
experience that is so vastly different
from your friends experiences that you
don't really know how language functions
anymore none of the questions in this
video rhetorical I'd love to know your
thoughts your answers your suggestions
etc and I'd also love to know whether
you've gone through a quiet patch
whether you're normally shy or sociable
regardless of that something it just
felt different in a way and whether it
was ultimately helpful or harmful at
least where you're standing right now
anyway I'm ready to be back in action
and back in conversation so I'll see you
in comments thanks for listening as
always goodbye hello I wanted to talk to
you about asking for it which is by
Louise O'Neill who also wrote only ever
yours the winner of the why a book prize
