so I just got to my guitar room at the
four seasons which is very fancy and
very nice as like a living room section
over here but all the living that i
really be doing in the next few days and
then over here it reminds me a lot of
the second princess diaries film because
they have this walk-in closet that I
assume it's full of tiaras and all the
doors because otherwise you know what's
even the point marbled bathroom too so
yeah and the tiny little TV is off so
you can watch TV while you're hanging
out in your bathroom Danya thing but i'm
off to me akela for lunch which is great
because i haven't seen her in like five
days i love you what are you drinking a
strawberry panic oh yeah so we're in
dodgy front everything is pink and
everything is out focus I never gonna
get your things with us gelato it's
going to be great Dana movie is pretty
hard and I've never been doing it
goodbye ear damage the best cinnamon in
the work of this Seminoles is amazing
the Empire State Building observatory
and enjoy the views p avenues a
profitability bienvenido y disfruta de
la vista being hominin conviviality me-
tf1 observaci√≥n preparation focus plz
ultimate alto de novo is horrific
Oh
easy dramatically plays again
hello friends they were out about this
morning I had to get Johnny
the great weekend crash can we play it
any better check the typical when I work
for the morning
but really happy
the gentleman it's a pleasure welcome to
LA with local farm and 255 is reinstated
with your female pathogenic Gary ottoman
stove until the aircraft and burn a CD
and they have turned off as fast
we ask you to please use cash box
opening overhead meant to prevent
injuries and items may have shifted
during flight he right now use of
electronic devices mother home
the devices our laptop computer
before you beat the aircraft please be
sure to check your steam pump in and
overhead bins the floor area around your
seeds for any personal items thank you
might have brought on board hello so
I've been really bad at keeping up with
this book as everything's been
mental but it's the last day of VidCon
and today's a bit of a busy day for me
it's the women on YouTube workshop in a
couple of hours the women on YouTube
panel happened on the Thursday I can't
even remember what day it is thank you
so much to Vic on putting on the VidCon
main stage ok so now let's go back to
the convention center so very even
walked outside because I've been doing a
the presidential group whether John and
other people it's all entirely backstage
but it's really nice to come out this
morning I they keep saying it's an
absolutely beautiful morning just sort
of Sun recharging I need to round off
the car I feel like Worley in that bet
ye needs of solar power within like the
best whenever I think like they've been
so responsive and they're taking on
everyone's feedback and just one wild a
bit
yes good
my office very tied right now
so I just went into the Instagram land
and look who I found hey how's it going
do you want to go it should be a TV
series it's been the latest update yeah
there should be a politics hi how are
you doing RN what was so wonderful and
having the best VidCon i feel
unstoppable like you are insufferable
yeah I am how do you morning Gary thank
you how do you feel about many a bug
stuff you're gonna tell them how you
become one yeah how is your bacon even
providing a lot of support more support
Buchanan's over Paper Towns is out and I
am absolutely exhausted my voice ask
your own huskier John is gone he was in
my connecting room and yes I'm going to
leave this hotel room pretty soon and
this was my home through the last few
days of madness soon I'm going to meet
up with my friends for brunch but they
were asleep right now because their
party animals unlike me i'm very very
very tired from not partying whatsoever
here to say hi
what are you doing I'm waiting for my
grilled cheese protected the grilled
cheese and veggies yeah it's going to be
breaking a treat
I just went out to the village chief
it is eight in the morning I'm in
Hollywood at my friend's house and it's
thursday after VidCon I didn't know how
it's ready thursday didn't really know
what the actress Thursday 30th and it's
in a really cool three days because I've
just been trying to be really focused
about letting myself relax and unwind an
impact on Monday actually what the
defers day after VidCon I just suck my
friends over and watch Pretty Little
Liars all day and Sammy and I were just
drifting in and out of sleep and it was
really chill dough and wonderful we went
in and out and then choose day I went to
six flags the first time I've been to
six flags in Mexico I went there when I
was very very young I went with Jody
jacking Tim and we rode pretty much
everything I had to leave a little bit
early so I didn't get to fight
absolutely everything my favorite tea
rides i would say we're x2 and full
throttle as well which i loved which has
like the world's tallest loop I actually
came off that right and I had so much
adrenaline in my hand that I was just
like shaking shaking shaking shaking it
feels quite like simple and almost
primal to put yourself in that situation
and it takes you have your brain a bit
but i think is what i needed because i
come down so much me anxiety and
everything after VidCon but I'm still
not completely home yeah you know like
I'm still not back to normal entirely
after six flags i went to perch downtown
in LA which is an amazing rooftop bar
yesterday was four year anniversary of
my dad's passing and that was a weird
day it was a it was a strange day I went
to Santa Monica beach which is where I
went after he died I kind of like walked
around in d.c and SAT up there and read
for a bit then went to cafe gratitude
for first time for dinner this morning
and walked me I with Emily we're going
to go to breakfast and which i'm really
looking for tea so stay tuned i might
bring you guys along with me
cheerful we are native food i'm here
with Haley there's blur in the
background and where child is drinking
some water she's ripped the drought is
the potential to become everything here
is vegan and have it okay for the day
good strokes are happening here DC isn't
about your face it's not your food the
face is unimportant to me I love your
food I relay my presentation because I
didn't know
Morgan you should always read everything
send me books never know what
Oh
I would be such about daily brother
because I just spend too much time
enjoying everything that I'm doing
instead of recording it sorry buddy I
know disappointment to my species
were you buying was left Thanks of
peaches peaches book career is a picture
no future pictures for me and you head
out to buzz him that his way to country
anything wait I can't see who I have any
more you read the farmers market Oh
walking Sammy doesn't like peaches don't
cheat on you
one size yeah this aircraft has escaped
at fighting in neon red lights or an
exit sign will indicate formation except
in an emergency evacuation they've all
carry-on bags on it when we perceive any
respect
if the aircraft have it loses pressure
the panel above your seat containing
oxygen masks will open automatically
while remain seated with your seat belt
fastened quickly reach for the nearest
mask and pull down firmly to start the
flow of oxygen put the yellow cup over
your nose in now with the elastic band
over your head and tight by pulling the
straps on either side breathe normal
even though oxygen is flowing the
plastic bag may not inflate always put
your own mask on first and then help
others near you
