hi everyone the program James Burchard
ed for the first time in the UK last
week it's on Wednesdays on e4 at 9 p.m.
and I was so impressed with the program
which has been showing for a little
while in the US now actually that I
wanted to talk a little bit about why
and what it does really successfully and
I hope that many other programs will
listen and be inspired by it but also
that we can have a good discussion in
the comments which is what I love but
first quick synopsis Jayne who I think
is in her early 20s loves grilled cheese
loves Dylan tavella's lives with her
well and her mother in the u.s. works in
the service industry at a hotel and is
completely and utterly in love with her
boyfriend she's made the decision and
it's a long-standing decision not to
have sex before marriage but then she
gets artificially inseminated by
accident this happens quite early on in
the first episode us yeah that's the
thing that happens the title of the
program Jane the Virgin points
immediately to me at least to the
pathologies of various women in history
Virgin Mary loved eating and Maria would
be the most obvious of those eyes I'm
not able to speak for all of Latin
American culture and I live in here
Maria still has a really cemented place
in that culture in this sort of artistic
outpouring but also the religious terms
obviously and it kind of just the way
she's talked about among families and
among individuals there were always
images and various forms of love in her
Maria around the house often with it
roses around her which points the story
of her and whether open but even now as
a distinctly non-religious person she
continues to have some significance in
my life she continues to be an important
figure in my head when I think about
women and when I discuss women whatever
the fact status of the Virgin Mary story
I always found myself feeling great
sympathy and empathy for this young
woman who suddenly found herself
pregnant and then was the subject of
much kind of mumbling and murmuring by
her community and had to win back in a
way the trust of her partner Joseph and
who had to bear this huge burden she was
incredibly young I think she was 12 or
13 and the story and the pressure and
expectation on her is something that I
really empathize with and continue to
empathize with but Jane the Virgin also
calls to mind other women in history and
fiction the Helens of troy's Queens
Elizabeth's Joos of our camara
Magdalenes Hester Prynne's women of
mythology yes but also women who were
scorned at some point what is it about
these women that means that we retell
their stories and why does the status of
their hymen which by the way is not a
accurate measure of whether
someone's had sexual intercourse matters
are greatly adds to their value that
artificial insemination puts virginity
as we talked about it and kind of as we
know it into question and I know how in
this first episode alone the program
subtly enabling challenges our
perception of virginity our
understanding of virginity and also our
obsession with virginity and purity and
whiteness and white flowers all of this
of course in the vein of conversations
that we've been having online is she a
virgin because she didn't have sex if
you view the loss of virginity as
penetration then did the artificial
insemination count as penetration
therefore lead to a loss of virginity
the word falls apart and virginity
itself falls apart but my absolute
favorite thing about this program is the
life of an oath in our living in the
u.s. because it's very similar to the
life of a certain Latina living in the
UK although of course the themes of my
juice mark and how that functions are
strong matriarchy is at work in Latin
American culture at least it is in
Mexican culture we see many themes of
formidable women in charge of the home
in charge of the business the matriarchy
of course has never absolute nor is it
immune to pervasive and damaging
misogyny but it is yet another reminder
that feminism is only work when they
include absolutely everyone the things
that really warm my heart and made me
laugh was singing I will need that the
involvement they need to involve herself
and everything the programs frequent use
of Spanish with English subtitles so it
really is a story told in two languages
the fact that Spanish is spoken
absolutely by the one'd there and then
by the mother it's kind of a mix of both
but Spanish in the hope that the
youngest responds to Spanish of English
which is exactly what I do
above all the multi-generational
involvement of women in her family what
she Jane the Virgin made me realize how
long it had been since I had seen
something this real not that a program's
success through artistic merit should
rest on how real it is and this
certainly isn't a realistic program in
the sense of something that you would
expect to happen but that's not what I
look for in fiction what I look for is
something to feel a void and absence a
voice that's not there a story that's
not being told and there's so much
missing from the representation of
humans on television and in media and
it's so great to see that enjoying the
versions I'm very happy to kind of
support the program and share it with
you so you just let me know let me know
your thoughts on the first episode if
you see more episodes let me know your
non-spoilery thoughts I'd love to talk
about it more with you in comments if
you haven't already then please
subscribe to my channel I'm doing
ridiculously close to 4,000 subscribers
and I'd love to hit it at least before
okay goodbye
