the general election is coming up the
7th of May and I'm really nervous for me
it feels like even more than it all the
elections of my life that I can remember
in the first one I can remember was when
Tony Blair was elected for the first
time I feel like someone else is taking
hold of the message and this always
happens necessarily because the parties
decide their strongest points and they
kind of really campaign to push those
points to the forefront then at the same
time you have the media doing the same
thing just this whole back-and-forth of
what should we be talking about but here
on the internet al and I love we've been
talking about so many social issues over
the past few years and then you go into
these discussions and they're just
talking about the same or things in the
same old ways and the only thing that is
new is the nakedness of some of the
racial attitudes and the racist
attitudes another thing that happens is
that when the discussion is concentrated
online or that there is a lot of
discussion online we tend to have a very
us centric approach and we fail to look
at the reality of what's happening over
here like for example the fact that
young black minority ethnic males are 29
times more likely to be stopped in a
stop and search and we're not talking
about incarceration in the UK which we
do need to be talking about and we're
not talking about sexism in the
workplace and the way that we should be
talking about it he gets a line in the
manifesto it gets people kind of winking
at it a little bit but it doesn't have
its proper place there because people
see it as a specialist issue and people
see it as a pink bus issue rather than
everyone's issue and when I was all
about the ballot leaders live and I
asked Nick Clegg what is your party
going to do to promote equality from a
young age among everyone they said oh
you know my wife's going to schools and
giving talks about equality that's kind
of where he left it after all these
conversations that is a big focus that
you have on that like that to me is
disappointing that is horrendously
disappointing and I've been disappointed
by every single party or like at
Miliband same time and time again all
these people aren't prejudiced when they
talk about immigration it's something
else I think we have to be very aware
not equipment prejudice yeah its
precious exists prejudice is there Oh
anyway I'm gonna get myself in tizzy
anyway when I try and talk about these
issues one thing I hear back a lot is
well this election isn't about that this
election is about women this election
isn't about welfare this election is
about prison this election is it about
transphobia this elec
isn't about race that this election
isn't about asylum seekers one who made
you the person who got to decide what
this election is about why are you
sticking to what someone else is who's
telling you what this election is about
very like incest you staying within
papers and within the political debates
and all these things like they're
deciding what they want to talk about
it's not it's kind of a fast in a lot of
ways they're like circling the wagons I
just can't get out my head been lying
for the west wing when CJ's talking to
Charlie and says everyone's stupid in an
election yet charlie which is a pretty
hard said to say and Charlie responds no
everyone gets treated stupid in an
election year CJ and that's so true and
I think we have to resist that because
the big conversation may want to have
over there when they're all talking to
each other and their little circle
that's the been for us that benefits the
person closest to the microphone and
these people have been by and large
closest to the microphones with the day
they were born talk about the issues
that matter to you and I would love to
see loads of videos over the next couple
of weeks about the issues that are
making you vote and I'm making you think
about 13 that you wish your MPs would be
talking about I'm a huge example of this
me has been george the poet who is my
favorite / at the moment I've had the
privilege of seeing him live in two
occasions recently I went to the Notting
Hill electric cinema and I saw a very
intimate gig and discussion that so he
was talking about education he had the
director of teach first there he was
going about the prison system he also
had the director I think maybe CEO of
mind the mental health charity and
someone also from an autism charity and
the last person years ahead there was so
Campbell and in between each of the
conversations George would deliver his
poems and his powers from search party
which are just so relevant to life in a
city and life in the UK right now
especially for young people don't
probably make a couple more videos
actually about George Burke because he
was so dear to my heart right now but
right now he's going to show off the
Booker nut bit which obviously looks
like a newspaper cover are so many
levels it's such a strong cover because
he's putting himself forefront of the
news news is kind of failing us in a way
out in these papers aren't doing what we
feel like they should be doing they're
not having the conversations they should
be having so we need something to either
supplement that or replace it or add a
voice or do something different and that
to me is what this cover says and on the
back as well it kind of continues that
newsprint theme but it's all very much
hand your letters and hand printed
kind of that crafting there's a thing of
like being pushed on it's like oh it to
be of value you need to own property and
to be a value neat to be X Y Zed we are
a value one's a value it's human value
but at the same time it's also like we
are a very creative nation I feel like
people are afraid to say that because
they think that that's something to look
down on us thing I really love about
this is that at the events of vintage
I've been selling the book as well it
just looks like bunch of newspapers all
that there and it's wonderful I also at
the moment and really effectuated with
like little slim hardbacks partly
because I just really liked carry my
bags then of course love with the end
pages is this some kind of a picture of
George's bar and the line that goes
around the back I really hope it does
well have it treat sometimes is hard to
share and hard to find the right people
to share with because people have with
these preconceptions about poetry but I
feel like now is a great moment to share
this because of what's going on and the
conversations that aren't happening and
even if people don't feel like they're
politically minded I think there are
things that they were recognized in
George's poetry and in his ability to
create poetry over the weird disconnect
varsity and other people who are
choosing to look away rather than lick
in the face of what's going on in a
quality and so may different situations
but also real lack of communication like
this kind of damning of communication
fingers so much in search party and I
hope you read it or a skirt chance to
check out some of his opponents but I'm
going to leave that there for now
there's so much more to say about drew
the poet and his poetry in London how he
talks about the music industry and how
he talks about poetry and how he talks
about our development and where he
started in his story his relationship to
education and there's so much more to
say but yeah I'm gonna leave you with
that for now and I really worked I
honestly absolutely would adore to see
videos blog post tumblr post whatever on
what you wish were being talked about
more in the election the issues close to
your heart and maybe I can find some way
of compiling them before sense of May
because i love doing myself a new
deadlines it's yep it's my choice ok my
French is eating me alive oh TC but
payday
a generation came of age in the
financial crisis but what does this mean
in real time what's the state of play
for the day to day what do they eat at
mealtimes maybe they feel fine
