by this point you've probably seen the
this girl can act those women exercising
sweating looking great and it's just a
really fun amazing uplifting advert that
really gets me going in the mornings I
love the whole caffeine so much though
tweet about it several times and there
was one advert in particular than host
like I love that so much and when it is
a huge glossy poster and then the PR
company sent me a huge glossy poster it
says I also know the offside rule love
it they also sent me a badge says let's
go gun in the context of like the last
year people in the mainstream media
finally really focusing and talking
about feminism specifically and also
with the football World Cup coming up
this summer it's really exciting to be
in this moment where we're actually
having honest conversations about women
in sport when we're like deciding
whether or not to engage in sport or the
kind of way our attitude towards sport
are shaped at school and by school
experiences and that feeling of like
being so body aware that you don't
really want to get changed they're
changing rooms and their feeling of not
wanting to get sweaty and how some
people seem to magically not sweat at
all when they do sport they just don't
their face doesn't do the bright-red
thing my face does the bright-red thing
for like three hours afterwards even
after having a shower tomorrow city with
so many situations you think you're the
only person with those fears but of
course there are millions of other
people with those fears what I really
really liked about this town is that
it's such a diverse representative
campaign because it's not an ad trying
to sell you a lifestyle or trying to
sell you some sort of life a lot of
athletics companies have fantastic
advertising but there is still an
element of like Photoshop it ness of it
you know they won't actually be if I do
shop necessarily but there's something
about it that doesn't seem like it's a
reality for you whereas watching this
token I was like no I can't be that girl
and I can do that Sayle and that whole
sentiment of laughing everyone on the
couch and it's coming from a place of
positivity rather than negativity it's
not about taking away from yourself it's
about adding to yourself and growing
yourself and becoming a stronger person
which I love I love it so much and even
the name of the cafe in itself
this girl can is feminism at its most
beautiful point because it's both
individual and collective it's this gap
and it's I having my own experience and
that girl having her an experience can
but it's also all of us as a community
of women supporting each other I mean
that's just been so tremendously helpful
with me as I get out of the winter slump
those of you
to talk for a long time no I went
through a big period of just running
loads and I loved it and I didn't think
I've ever become someone who loved
running that sort of dropped off after I
left University there were no obstacles
in my way mainly mental but the other
part of it was that I had put on weight
and I didn't have a sports bar that's it
I didn't have leggings that fit and it
made me feel so ashamed and so annoyed
at myself that I couldn't even bring
myself to accept that I need to buy
larger size of leggings with the
combination of this go can with the
motivation of my friends and that
never-ending support but also with that
feeling of just opening up a bit more
and feeling more confident in myself and
so much that you guys have also given me
and also with a gym near me opening and
so having opening rates or what I didn't
even know their core and finally getting
back on the exercise wagon and it's been
six days and I feel amazing I feel so
good I am sleeping so well I'm drinking
so much water I'm eating fantastically
and I'm meeting so many new people every
single day if you want to be on
instagram i'm posting do you one day two
day three day four day five ireoke it's
pretty amazing you're like hanging
upside down it will like a superhero
Road it's fantastic but it's also yoga
and you feel so lengthened Pilates I
sucked it up again and I love Pilates I
would give my soul to Pilates if I had
the option and spinning which again I
love strangely I just have just got so
into and I'm right there at 7:00 a.m. in
the morning it's very exciting have you
had a slump and how did you get yourself
out of it or are you still in a slump
and would you like some help to get out
of it it also love it if you could share
your favorite exercise song or playlist
like Spotify playlist my favorite
running songs at the moment are the wire
by Haim I still love goodness gracious
by Ellie Goulding at the Sun for some
reason it just makes me so happy and
want to run all the time and then
there's that song finish line I just
love that song it just makes me wanna
you know get to the finish line and then
some like nineties European pop that
sunshine after the rain song which I
rediscovered recently and just makes me
want to run and bro so hard so yeah and
then get your freak on obviously and
then all of 1989 so ok what's new really
ok I mean to leave that there but I
would love to make more videos about
women and sports but as usual it's my
thing I'm having all these ideas for
videos and no time to make so we shall
see I don't know what this I just keep
like recently in the last year or so
getting you know doing the
the boom is like poking I don't even
know what's going on okay goodbye
