hello everyone so if I see I'm aware
that you can see the shadow of the
camera let's be honest that was never
that much movie magic on this channel in
the first place so yeah good job ruse
Yama secondly I've named the winners of
the Alexa Chung giveaway in the
description bar below so go in there to
check it out and thanks for your amazing
entries to that giveaway you have a
really great knack of making the
comments section in a really fun place
for me to be which isn't always the case
and wasn't previously the case but right
now I'm in this nice little bubble and I
love it I love it thirdly apologies for
the delay in videos this week blame
someone's meningitis and a little bit of
summer in the city fourthly I'm very
excited to do today's video which is an
L varnish talk I thought now might was a
good place to start because basically
that was my entry into the world of
makeup and a student at lipstick was a
thing that's very exciting for my entry
tube foundation was just of watching my
sisters and my mom apply it and mean
like what the why are you applying this
weird paste to your face eyeliner and
mascara freaked me out for quite a while
because I was like why are you just
putting things into your eye that
doesn't seem to make sense but now
varnish I could get on board with it was
fun and easy and when I was a kid they
had this like pink plastic stuff that I
did if they still have that you
basically paint on like normal and I'll
varnish and instead of having to use
nail varnish remover you just peeled it
off it was made to do that I didn't make
your nails and it was this like
disgusting stuff that I loved it I don't
have a huge proper process for doing
that varnish I don't do a base coat and
a top coat but every now and then I go
for a manicure and I love have a
manicure so nice also a very special
thing for me to do so for example when I
was in New York for The Fault in Our
Stars premiere I got my nails done at
Bally NYC and they did some amazing nail
art and it made me so happy and I loved
it but okay let's get started
so this is my little tray where I keep
my nail polishes along with a broken
time-turner and a bicycle bell
apparently if you're an elven
connoisseur you'll realize from a lot
the tops that I have loads and loads of
Barre n so this is the lemon berry M
color I think it was from last year or
the year before they probably have a
pretty similar one still from the same
collection it's the sign blue and I
really love this color because it's not
that usual and it blocks on really
nicely you don't have to do to your case
well you probably should do two coats
but I normally just do one and also just
saw that much as this then we have this
nice lavender which is actually called
berry this actually used to be Kaylee's
but I have liberated it I didn't just
steal it while she was here but she left
it behind there's this amazing deep blue
purple color Dora Dora Dora
this is good old Barry and black 14 then
we have a lovely Peach Melba pink
flamingo for when I'm feeling like a
cross between Brandon Flowers and CJ
cregg racing green which is a metallic
almost blue sort of green and is very
good for mermaids or just for Halloween
generally another sparkly black and I
think my sister actually has the same
one it's called gold mine glitter it's
beautiful it's a pretty and for whatever
reason it's not quite as hard to take
off as all the other sparkly sparkles
that barium does from their foil effects
range there's this amazing gold color
which I love this high shine blue jelly
pane I think I've got free in Glamour or
one of those other magazines so this is
part of the nightmare stuff that takes
forever to get off by barium and also by
you know most known companies for this
aggregate it was such a beautiful color
that I couldn't really resist it and
then the last of the barians is this
really weird kind of confetti style
topcoat thing called sour apple I also
have a lot of nails and love this really
deep pink color when I'm feeling quite
intense and dramatic which is you know
often this one which looks really old
now it's a bright pinks and I got free I
thinking glamour as well grandma's just
really good at giving out all the good
nail varnishes probably my favorite
pillar box red of all time this is James
by now zinc it's got a little bit of a
sparkle I just love it another of the
exact same color is before so maybe I've
got two bags
it's called Shoreditch which is
appropriate another one I adore is
Victoria which is kind of brown I mean
if you can see very well but it's like a
reddish brown very very dark as well if
you put on a couple of layers this one
was also in a magazine it spot the Kate
Spade New York by now zinc range
Christmas New Year's ready sort of nail
varnish it's called Soho silver and then
there's Clark and well which is this
kind of mossy blue green thing again I
don't know what intrigues me about the
color I think it does remind me a lot of
seaweeds and I love the sea and probably
why there's so many blues in there in
the same theme we have nails inc good
street again a nightmare to get off now
is like Wimpole Street is a very
Christmassy color and kind of reminds me
of velvet a little bit while now zinc
put in reused transitions into spring
somewhat and then there were 11 this is
what I've got on my nails right now at
the cheeky sat on in Shoreditch is
absolutely fantastic it's really nice
big open space this is where Emily and I
went recently to get our manicures and
pedicures and you get to take in our
bunch home with you as well which is
what I've got my nails right now you may
a little bit checked because I use my
nails as tools even though you're not
supposed to then we have three now March
cars this has meet me at sunset which
matches two pairs of shoes I own bright
bright orange leathers of luxury which
is kind of like a calm sauntering Greek
holiday and this one I drove you to work
quite yet but maybe sometime in the near
future
it's called need a vacation this is by
the grand sinful colors I think it was
my mother's it's called Nirvana a tiny
looks like a bad smoothie this Max
Factor gloss affinity angel mails thing
I think was given to me by someone who
didn't want it and then this is another
one by sinful colors for my mum this is
called Fiji but looking in it quickly I
thought it said flu this side war in a
rush at the airport last year on my way
to LA because I really really hate it
the color of my nails and I just kind of
took a second found a little space that
was ventilated and good for everyone and
painted my nails this beautiful color
saying that it does need about three or
four coats until it starts looking like
the car like inside the bottle then
there are some teeny tiny api's I'm not
as huge a fan of API but everyone asks
but again that's probably just because
I'm not doing the base coat thing and
like there might be better for other
people I'm just not like that impressed
by them and then the last one was given
to me by an aren't you got it free and
guess what a magazine
this is chiat/day siete not sure how you
say that but it's called caviar pearls
shooting star and that's it apart from
some sort of glittery Hakluyt that I've
had some so many years anyway two
questions for the comments firstly what
was your favorite color out of
everything that is showed and secondly
what was your first experience
encountering makeup like watching
someone else put it on or putting on
yourself just let me know about your
first time guys see you Wednesday
farewell
