hi everyone welcome to the post office
that's been set up behind me basically
my room is covered in mold right now so
I've moved everything up to save higher
ground of the expedit shelf anyway today
I want to talk about Alexa Chung's it
which was sent to me by penguin last
week this is the paperback version which
comes out on thursday the seventh of all
this it has that format of like picture
picture picture s a picture picture s a
picture picture essay which i guess is
familiar to a lot of people who follow
fashion blogs and things like that but
for me for some reason it just reminded
me of tumblr or not just because of the
range of pictures use it's not specific
to a tumblr style oh that's the platform
I use the most when i'm looking for
style inspiration and also now i'm just
looking for pictures i like that i don't
consciously decide a style inspiration
but find their way into my head like
that things like as Alexa Chung puts in
here the Spice Girls for me as well
pictures of Ellie Sattler so it is part
memoir sort of style guides or but it's
not hugely narrative it is just like
looking through 10 or 20 pages of
someone's tumblr the person happens to
be the wonderful miss challenge so for a
little while I've wanted to do a month
or a week or something I don't really
know what of beauty and fashion videos
don't really get makeup in any
traditional way later this month I want
to like set up a camera and show you
exactly how I put it on because I feel
like a lot of you would be downright
appalled and most days I don't wear
makeup and whatever slowly perversely I
guess that's what intrigues me about
style guys like this we're tracing the
most is what people's musts are not
saying that it's required for a human to
go through these paces before they step
out the door but what in their opinion
are your must steps because more often
than not I completely disagree with them
and that's fine and healthy and even
more interesting I think that there are
some stages here where Alexa goes
through her mas in various cases or
whether that's makeup or clothes or on
the floor and whether it can wear them i
would say that above all with its nice
endpapers my one's signed i would say
it's more at present but but it's kind
of like a coffee table book like
something you just want to click through
or dip in and out of every now and then
if this mess behind me were any more
organized I'd be inclined to keep this
in the memoir section of myself rather
necessarily the beauty of fashion one I
really like the little s is that she
writes and them you really get a sense
of her voice her outlook
where she thinks all that good stuff
you've beat them was four I think or at
least all that good stuff I read memoirs
for so yeah the month of August that
will still be general book reviews and
they will still be travel videos from
New York and LA but there will also be
some fashion II stuff and who knows what
that will contain I have ideas that they
generally don't go to plan so anyway I
wish to do a giveaway of two signed
copies of it which I have right yeah I'm
to sign copies of it then I've also got
two beautiful limited-edition check bags
which I really really love I've used
mine to carry my shopping and my sneaky
late-night sorbet as well on a couple of
occasions already and on the other side
there's a quotation pulled from it so in
order to enter this giveaway which by
the way I was not paid to Brian I just
ramble entirely because I thought you
guys might like some books and subtype
bags it feels weird that I have to
explain that stuff but I do and I think
it's only fair but I'm also worried that
like if I ever don't explain that stuff
because it's become so normal to be paid
for things people will just assume I
don't know where that bothers me for
discussion later to enter this giveaway
please comment with a must of your own I
would say a personal commandment but
that might be offensive to people mainly
to my mother he would probably ring me
up angry say that I've used to villages
turban fee it doesn't have to be about
fashion it doesn't have to be a butt
beauty it can be about anything you want
and there's an example of that I'm going
to say you must start every day with a
stretch that's something I believe so
strongly and I believe that anyone who's
done yoga or pilates or any of that
stuff also agreed it just lines your
body and it makes you feel awake and
this energy and if you get ready into it
do some Sun Salutations while you're at
it just for funsies so yeah I'll read
through your mas if you don't want to be
entered in the giveaway just say I don't
want to be entered in the giveaway I'll
pick two favorites and i'll announce
them in wednesday's video see you
wednesday by real fashion experts were
platform nine and three-quarters on
their wrist don't you know
