I'm becoming increasingly aware of how
my behavior is aligned with stereotypes
of grown-ups for instance it's raining
right now because I live in the UK so as
you're not reading that much recently so
yeah anyway so it's raining right now
let's return to the subject of the
weather my first thought is oh thank
goodness I don't have to water my plants
outside it has made me grateful for rain
which is a good thing and I love you
saying and there's always things to be
grateful for sometimes maybe I went to
the supermarket after work and got a
bunch of exciting stuff the main event
and I'm sure you'll be very excited to
see this what compost my beet roots are
starting to show cuz it's not quite
enough compost because the last people
who lived here like scrape the
undersides of the pavement slabby things
and the patio we've got for the curious
shallots basil mint beetroot radishes in
the kitchen we have like parsley in time
and tomatoes and strawberries and
coriander and it's all incredibly
exciting also have to say I'm generally
gets weed killer because I don't act
like adding too many chemicals to the
ground but we have a serious weed
problem again because of the neglectful
people from before and my mom
recommended this wheedle weed killer
Truman Show moment don't we'll see how
that goes but this thing is called
wheedle gun root plus it just sounds
very violent and scary and it just
doesn't feel like it's in line with my
hippie outlook on the world not quite
happy but something like that I've just
been using rubber gloves from the
kitchen he's washing up so I got some
gardening gloves to treat seafood
seedless grapes raspberries avocados
obviously and that true true luxury
sparkling water if you guys have a
victory garden I'd love to hear what
you're growing in it cuz i've just i've
got really excited about it we had some
food growing the gardener's growing up
lettuce and things like that and mint
everywhere love a bit of mint a lot of
mint but yea I'd love to hear how it's
doing like my tomato plants are growing
like crazy they need little stalk soon
and my flatmates Marin and son I think
the whole thing is very cute but it's
practical and I'd like to get the bulk
of my produce from my own back garden
literally so we'll see how that goes
maybe I'll like show you what I get from
my garden once it's all sprouted or not
sprouted afford it all home in this
little really trolly my defense
it's psalmist see you guys avocados are
the epicenter of my happiness
