so is the last day of our holiday has
been absolutely wonderful so much
reading just been pretty light and so
much like lying down beautiful beautiful
pools one of them was fresh saltwater
unheeded and freezing cold but on one of
the days i'm afraid i love swimming in
cold water for some reason I always do
it and my sisters and everyone always
call me crazy for it I just did this
attractive piece of ham right here but
it's so refreshing you just just float
that for a long time which is what i did
i finished a cyrus which is wonderful
and I've got the second book home some
really special me that I read mrs.
Hemingway which was really good I kind
of wanted a bit more from it but it's
for Hemingway wives performances
Hemingway's and and how they kind of
course turnovers so much I I don't know
what it wasn't wanted from it but there
was something not like that i read never
ending by martin bedford which was great
story about a girl getting over the loss
of her brother had a psychiatric
treatment clinic every summer and kind
of interwoven with the memory of the
summer as well just yeah it's pretty
good and currently reading currently
finishing off voice no bad boy Helen
oyeyemi um he's fast noble the acres
girl I read and I was quite young
actually and I boys knew about it
something else really beautiful
but now like this is just so much it's
beautiful dining island over it as ours
here they're all pretty nuts from here
on out with the film and just a lot of
things in my life are happening very
quickly now and it it can be quite
overwhelming but it's also wonderful and
if we're very grateful to everybody yeah
I'd be like I said I'd have felt
incredibly anxious for the last few days
just that I had my favor I had Wi-Fi
intermittently and things but I reliable
that those jeans and what do you do feel
that unmoored I guess would be a perfect
time to say but now it has been really
lovely and it's cool being on an island
in all the islands macho that the length
of a yes have I think all of them have a
mixed into volcanoes or that they used
this rock hugely destructive rock for
creation everyone creates roads gravel
it's the walls around a resort it lovely
fools organic rifles are terrifyingly
dangerous all the wonderful sea life
around them again that creation
destruction creation destruction cycle I
love it but I will leave down here and I
will see you guys soon right I
chemically catch me scratch me squeaky
