so a few weeks ago she invited me to the
divergent premiere and I'm so excited
and first thing we might went to is what
on earth am I going to wear like I don't
ah I don't feel like I having the thing
especially because I've put on a bit of
weight and I just feel like I generally
have my winter weight as well and I just
don't like the way anything looks on me
and I feel really rubbish blood the
rover blood every time i tried to
kinshasa end up almost in tears I'd be
really attacking myself and be really
harsh myself and just be ready
frustrated that I couldn't find
something but then today I got
everything and then some of certain
videos in the past I don't really like
holes especially except it like look at
all this stuff that I bought look how
much money I have and this is what this
is going to be I mean not how much money
I have I was saving for this since she
told me but this was like a big
ridiculous job and I do not do not do
this don't don't do it but I'm really
excited to show you what I got so let's
get started so a key piece was of course
the dress and I finally found one in
Selfridges with the help of a very very
wonderful shop assistant who basically
became my personal chauffeur for like an
hour we ended up on this dress which has
to kind of hyper realistic prints it's
by clover Canyon which is an LA brand
and everything is made in the USA as
well so it's all good stuff there it's
really really beautiful and it's got
pockets as well just love pockets it
falls very nicely it's very comfortable
in a lot of ways it's very similar to
this mink pink dress that I'm wearing
right now big thing for me has always
been so I was very very low girl kind of
light easy fabrics maybe layering if
necessary but just something just floats
and feels very comfortable then the
second thing for me was the shoes i
asked the shop assistants advice and she
said get something pretty bright
probably an orange they took her advice
it took it these are kg by kurt geiger
and i find Kurt Geiger shoes incredibly
comfortable they're brilliant lesser
light bright and colorful and I don't
think looking at the little screen right
now it's really hard to properly convey
exactly how orange they are but I think
you're getting the impression my
necklace is from the wonderful company
made and I believe that all of maids
jewelry is handcrafted in Kenya they
basically train women in Kenya to make
jewelry and they give them proceeds from
the jewelry as well and it's it's a
really high-quality high-quality
products so even though it's apparently
going to be 20 degrees centigrade
tomorrow I do feel the need to have a
jacket sometimes and this one's from hmm
pleather and it's kind of a blazer but
it's got combination fabrics mixed up
right there when i was still deciding
what kind of to do my nails i got these
two colors which matched the shoe and
the bag like so and i don't know because
it's in the future not for me but maybe
i'll do want accent now or some kind of
detail which the other color as well
let me know if you've bought anything
recently that you love especially if
it's occasion stuff tell me what you
want something you know love to hear it
so just let me know I will speak to you
guys whenever the next video goes up in
the future sometime all right bye
