so I am vlogging you right from my old
school sick film center in hixson which
is just about this it's not where I used
to be this used to be like the library
or something I'm not really sure what it
was and but i'm here where the young
enterprise team called rise I did you
identify to announce school it's really
fun project was like what is it how many
months is it like basically a whole year
isn't it yeah and you come up with a
company and you come with the whole
strategy everyone has a role in the
company I got quite full payout at the
end of it and it was really fun it's a
really worthwhile thing to do because
even though you've got hundred thousand
things going on at the end of your
experience of school you just need to
add a few more so these are what it's
spray-painted alright so we've spoke up
into them all yeah they're with me so
you've got the stencils and was like a
completely versus that we did ourselves
and we basically cut the stance of that
our schools laser printer and then used
cellulose breathing to spray the ball we
had this mass production in our school
we have to get the head teacher to come
in and now it's really excited about it
so you think it's just taking a kind of
rude I guess boring everyday item and
completely reinventing it and yeah
jazzing up Johnson got something people
with and how's the reaction been so far
great we've been to a few trade fairs
and we've done really well in them in
the last trade fair we won and in order
for that's the best photo shoot I think
I think especially the children while is
going down really well yeah and they are
so kind of cute and like he said you
sold out of the girls were sort of girls
we've only got a few more boys and we've
almost sort out of trendy women's and
amazing yeah yes exactly and with
boutiques I've been William just a
dresser in from like pleasantly
surprised about I think you did you did
an event at spitalfields and especially
people around spitalfields all those
little shops around them they've done it
was kind of raining we like rough with a
relatively two different a vintage shop
amazing they really enjoyed it and we
actually sold to rank for different
vintage shops in Brooklyn so if you want
to keep up with what Rises June you can
find them on Twitter and let me know
what you guys if you guys have done some
other projects if you guys did your
enterprise and what your favorite things
about those experiences where as well
and if you've got any advice for them
put that in the comments as well just
just talk just talk in the comments just
do it I'll see you guys soon right
