hi everyone this is one of a number of
videos i'll be making in order to round
up some of the responses from the lady
survey 2013 this is my naming the last
round up with a final Wilder running of
it keep taking the survey keep talking
I'll put all the questions in the
description bar below if there's a video
that you think I'm going to miss all you
just want to make sure that yours a
scene hashtag it lady survey and women
on YouTube can also email it to lady
survey at gmail com I went to start with
something that took me a little bit by
surprise when I was watching lots of
your video responses there was a sense
in a lot of these videos that it was
women making it harder for women online
as good as Josette whether it's
harassment or cyber bullying or
something else and Leslie found her
grail hits that for something else
aspect of it when she says if it's
another woman telling me that I'm not
woman is just mmm blaming hobgoblins
pointed out that the fact that there is
so much misogyny and so many
misogynistic comments from men out there
it's very hurtful when there are women
who leave those sorts of comments that's
when it digs deepest I feel like my way
into this whole discussion of the reason
why I started this survey in the first
place was that I experienced a lot
harassment from men generally I've had a
really positive experience with women
online a huge thing this was kind of
something that almost everyone in videos
I've seen or even just the ones I'm
going to mention today touched on its
feeling that the content wasn't being
taken seriously or like it was being
dismissed one of the reasons why this
might be the case was because it's
Gracie suggestive not being seen as
small or as funny as the male
counterpart Colin Manning said that in
general it's very hard for women to be
taken seriously when it comes to
anything online or offline a bizarre
seven ties all this back to women being
more sexualized than men and tying back
to the first thing I talked about Abbas
also says that girls get a lot of
criticism on their appearance and a lot
of that negativity comes from other
women karen kavett expands on that
saying that it's not so much about what
we were actually saying it's more about
our parents in the way we present
ourselves that's what we get judged on
that's what is commented on a lot you
seem to feel like you're hitting some
sort of ceiling Hannah Witton says it's
harder for women to get our videos heart
and to be taken seriously and all the
responses I've seen that's not a single
person who discounts the struggles that
men encounter online but as Sarah
Leviosa points that we can all agree
that men and women have different
struggles when it comes to the Internet
you talked about a discussion where all
the men agreed that if they tried really
hard in a video they would get the same
kinds of comments they did on the other
videos and that would be really
frustrating for them because these were
videos they had put a lot of work into
and the idea that I was going
to be as she said universally loved and
shared no matter what the content of
that video like that was their
fundamental point of concern sarah says
on the other hand what you hear from
women is that their content is not being
taken seriously because they have to
worry in a very real way about
themselves being hated before their
content is even seen or absorbed the
woman is so much likely to be judged on
her appearance and also the fact that
she's a woman speaking her mind is this
unique to the Internet framing
hobgoblins doesn't think so we forget
that the Internet she says is just the
life the world as we know it transposed
onto a different platform that system
and everything still has that sense that
the merit of a woman is linked to her
attractiveness all this is the fact that
as Connor says whenever I see a woman in
the news or with some sort of
achievement the emphasis is upon the
fact that she is a woman Maria she
agrees that there's a sense that we
should be surprised by the fact that
someone who has accomplished something
is a woman and when we put the Big W
were as she puts it in front of the
impressive profession woman president
woman filmmaker etc Erica who runs and
created fuckya female youtuber zombocom
which is absolutely fantastic says that
whenever women put out content or create
content in any way it is seen as women's
content it kind of boxed in Christina
wanna sweets all these things saying
that women have to settle for being the
second best at their profession best
authors best filmmakers best poets and
so on but then you have best women
filmmakers as women poets she asks why
do we need to categorize away the
success of half the human race so this
point we've said that in the opinions of
those i've mentioned men women have a
different experience online Blake
whiners spoke about when men make videos
about a certain topic and women's make
videos about the same topic for example
women's issues instead that there are so
much more hate in the comments of the
women's video and there is an active and
continued resistance to what that woman
is trying to say about women's issues
specifically cara como says about the
comments directed to women they are
violent and sexual and the crucial point
as manic man's points out is that it has
become the norm Lena just kissed my frog
made a video about rape last year and
she said that she has never had so many
rape threats in her inbox
she has over the last year Marina shut
up who's not only a great youtuber but
also created the tumblr everyday
harassment tumblr.com where people can
share the harassment experience says I'm
going on you were more likely to be
sexually harassed doped or even received
death threats despair not as Leslie says
multiplied hate can be matched by
multiplied support I think that C makes
a really good point there when you know
when you feel really despairing about
the internet don't forget that women who
are Shia offline often have a really
great online internet presence they feel
free online to comment and say things
adding to the chorus of hope Emily the
brave says that trolls are generally
heterosexual males who's sworn enemy is
a woman on the internet with opinions
but lately she says I feel like it's
become less of a harmful place maybe
because I've been surrounding myself by
wonderful men and women ok let's look
what surrounding ourselves let's talk
about community episode 7 says that not
only is it great because female content
creators are coming together and these
formalized networks also awesome for
viewers who can come to this one hub and
feel like they're not going to be
patronized nerviosa here by the way I
have known for so many years through the
internet so that she finds it really
hard to make friends online even though
it's supposed to be so easy to make
friends online than internet communities
make friendship a lot easier and they're
positive Chrissy leaves has the same
kind of things about those sorts of
networks they bring together a lot of
people who wouldn't otherwise have met
Lena argues that network should actually
put themselves out of a job that they
there should not be a reason for
networks to be there that they should
have no function she says that although
she thinks networks are great the ideal
situation would be that the network
didn't need to exist at all when it says
that networks and formal communities
have beneficial for those who are inside
or like allied with the cause and this
case is the cause of women on the
internet just being cooled together but
they can be imposing for those people
outside of the course and only the brave
says the former communities are really
important but they can sometimes make
people feel like they're shut out and
westerns generally in favor of them but
which is that there were more
intersectionality within them I agree
with Gracie that I think they're a great
way to get feedback on your work and I
think that's a big part of taking
yourself seriously I think I'm not
always feeling like your stuff is worthy
of receiving feedback agree with Maria
see the telling and encouraging women to
create is a beneficial thing Lynard
right and he was just one of the many
men who also participated in the lady
stuff in did such a great job says that
he thinks that
sorts of communities are beneficial when
the focus is on women online and their
content and their talent however I was
really impressed by rincey reads video
and I think she made a very good point
when she said that communities are great
and they're particularly useful for
discovery of new content but a lot of
people can see these channels and see
these networks and feel like they're the
only way to be a female they have a
specific brand and there are people who
don't necessarily feel like they fit in
with that so the thing we all kind of
need to make clear among ourselves is
that those aren't the only options that
are other options on there the great
thing about the Internet is that you can
just make stuff the response that I've
really taken with me and I hope you guys
find it useful as well if you haven't
seen Malcolm as this video was this
having a network of women around you who
are receptive to what you want to say
it's like having a night light in your
bedroom when you're afraid of the dark
it makes you brave and decay there was
so many recommendations i'm going to
race through them quite a few of you and
this is something that's clearly going
to come up in other recap videos as well
recommended orange is the new black
claiming home covered in says she likes
it because it addresses the flaws of the
spectrum of perfection Lena and Hannah
Witton said that they liked how to be a
woman by Caitlin Moran and Lena said
that she thinks that people need to just
chat more about feminism I completely
agree that we need to just chat more
about this stuff in a kind of casual way
without making assumptions about each
other more often than not nowadays we
have like the lowest assumptions of
people we go in with the assumption that
they are expert vehicle that they just
hate you or they hate everyone or that
they're stupid and that's just an
attitude that I've seen quite a lot on
the internet and I find it really
disheartening because this is a great
platform to have these discussions in
grown-up way and in a casual back and
forth way and I understand reaching
these levels of frustration but I also
think that we can have a more effective
conversation when we don't make those
assumptions and that's something I've
learnt as well I think I've turned it
down a little bit it was quite highly
strung with rage previously and that's
fine feel what you're feeling but it's
not fair to jump to those conclusions
about someone else cara cara since she's
been reading those articles about Taylor
Swift which I think was a really
interesting cultural study last year you
guys recommended words of TED talks as
well it was one that Emily recommended
about hidden meaning in kids movies and
that goes back to what she was saying
about animation
being a boys club stable court says that
Anita sarkeesian's TEDx women talk was
critically important for her Allison
weren't allowed me to wonderful video
which only had 60 views when I saw her
and she mentioned the book 50 shades of
feminism which funnily enough I'd kind
of dismiss and it made me really
conscious in the ways I participate in
all that stuff for the Swedes out there
or swedish speakers Tom Victor Shiro
recommended the documentary men who hate
women online but it is only in Swedish
unfortunately as far as we know lack
money and karen kavett talked about Lena
and lakme highlighted the chapters that
were about taking a seat at the table
and the importance of putting yourself
out there manic Mads recommended the
second sex by simone de beauvoir about
the idea of otherness when it recommends
their eyes were watching god vin series
has a number of great recommendations
including an article by lauren mayberry
from van churches who handles all the
band social media accounts and her
decision to not not standing on line
misogyny I already said that she's been
putting a greater focus on women's
issues that don't affect her directly I
mean they affect her directly but that
aren't from her own kind of lived
experience so people of color and trans
issues as well she recommends a video of
janet mock and isis came i went to shine
another little light of hope and this
one again comes from leslie because
she's a goddess I feel like I have more
opportunities to be creative on the
internet and I can experiment more and
go faster with my experiments and
receive feedback quicker on the internet
and i think i have a gateway to
audiences and communities that i don't
think i would get if i walked out that
front door right now almost everyone
who's taking the survey so far again not
just in this video has struggled to name
five favorite internet females because
you watch so many people on youtube you
can see them so much content from women
online and that's what i want to send in
response to anyone who ever questions
the presence of women online again that
sort of thing where he gets my tail up
because I'm like guys it's just like
it's that like it's all that you can
work with it if you don't find it
creative don't touch that then it comes
to your pledges and your goals as
someone who was born into the triple
threat of privilege here in the United
States that being straight white and
male I think it is incredibly important
for me to always talk about this to
always remind myself of this that's
generally plan from this pool everyone
said actively watching commenting liking
sharing favoriting watching a broader
range of you
videos more kinds of educational
channels and what is channels gaming
channels by women and finding things
that not only feature women whether
that's on youtube or elsewhere but it
also created by women support films
directed by women's sport films written
by words support television shows like
orange is the new black usually it came
out all of this as well how many of you
have your activity feed public so that
people can see what you're doing and
commenting on liking and sharing so that
they can subscribe to these people as
well and I turned off my activity fees
so so long ago probably when it first
came out but you know I've done a really
wonderful job of demonstrating to me the
strengths of the activity feed and why
maybe I should turn it back on which is
probably what I'm gonna do after I you
know delete some custom or videos from
my history or but we watched I just like
to finish with a shout out to everyone
who was afraid of putting videos or last
year about this and responding to the
survey last year there were lots of
different reasons for this mad said that
she didn't understand the depth and
breadth of the problems that women
experience on mine or in general Leslie
felt like she wasn't eloquent in that
often she didn't know enough definitions
of things and she says tumblr makes you
feel really shitty about that which
returns to what I was saying before
we've got to be kinder to each other
with this so we're not going to get
anywhere by just pushing each other down
but everyone has responded thank you so
much because you've done a really great
job with pushing this conversation
forward not only is it wonderful to hear
your thoughts and hear about the
wonderful things you're doing like
you a few more youtubers and everyday
harassment by marina your videos also
introduced us to loads of fantastic
female creators not just books not just
TED Talks but also you making these
videos so thanks as I said this is not
going to be the last one of these
roundups I do take a little while so I
am going to be working on it but we'll
get there ok bye guys
