hi everyone as I implied in a recent
video I just got out of my overdraft how
long had I been in my overdraft five
years how long has it been since I
started working six and a half years
eight and a half if you include
babysitting before I get into all this
let me explain in a vaguely inexpert
kind of way what an overdraft it is when
you turn eighteen especially if you get
into university your bank gives you a
nice shiny card with an overdraft limit
this is basically credit and they say
it's for emergencies or for your
unexpected unplanned expenses which
gives them the right to ask for it back
at any time but to a lot of people it's
a cushion it's a cushion that you'll
probably fall back into if your book
list is huge and your accommodation
really pricey I also felt very strongly
and a little bit selfishly perhaps that
those thoughts of expenses shouldn't
affect my social life when I was at
university I didn't go crazy and buy
everyone rounds of dumb prey on but I
didn't like staying at home and I was
doing well on my classes and I felt like
I should be allowed to go out and make
friends and make the most of my
university experience and the way that I
wanted to regardless of whether or not
you agree with that that's what happened
when a typical night out I'd spend 10
pounds maybe on a typical week I'd spend
I know 20 pounds on food maximum my
books cost at least 300 pounds per term
a lot there's a second hand and my
accommodation was so expensive I had a
job on campus working one of the
university shops a few days a week I had
a job in the holidays working the book
shop and then also doing some work for
Wimbledon and hospitality sorts of work
but I have this constant weight and
awareness that one of these days my
student loan chickens would come home to
roost as it were I hope it's important
to know that my tuition at that time
cost a third of what it cost students
today in the UK good work coalition
government but see in your overdraft
it's like Hotel California or
something you can check in or check out
anytime you like you can never leave the
thing that I want to stress today is
that zero isn't zero anymore zero pounds
becomes whatever value the limit is of
your interest-free overdraft by the time
I graduated my overdraft limit was 1500
pounds so my zero was minus one thousand
five hundred pounds my graduate account
which I was kind of moved swiftly onto
after graduating has an upper limit of
about two thousand pounds for the
overdraft has a usage view of about six
pounds a month but I do know quite a few
people who have graduated cants that
have three thousand five hundred pound
upper limits to that overdraft if like I
did you want to move out after universe
you then have like estate agent fees and
deposits and like all that crap you have
to deal with like the man with the van
the tiny things that add up I want to
say here that overdrafts do make a lot
of things possible for people who don't
have that lump sum right away the facts
will say it's up to you how you use it
and in a lot of ways is like a good
faith loan but overdrafts also trap you
in now that I'm finally out of it and
that took 18 months of full-time
employment I realize how much overdrafts
skew your ability to save and also to
escape it because after trying to pay it
off and then getting caught by rent you
keep falling back into that cushion I
think it's just a bit too easy it's a
bad relationship it's a relationship
with a person with seemingly full
pockets and like full of care and love
and affection who will one day leave you
in the cold it's all one over job is
short-term maybe you didn't realize how
chapped those relationships can make you
feel but long-term man do you feel that
there has been some focus on this
already especially with overdraft fees
when you go over your arm planned
overdraft limit but I do think that we
really need to focus on how these banks
are marketing their services to young
people and to all people particularly
before we right offer them or us as
young people as financially
irresponsible or apathetic loan sharks
like the companies that lend amounts of
money the next day and they have like a
thousand percent APR or something
they're terrible but there is another
widespread problem here - as with pretty
much everything there's not just like
one issue that needs to be fixed lots of
issues we do need more financial
education in school or any financial
education in school we do need to have
the people out there like fighting the
banks on this I would also say that
there's something about debt that makes
you feel so ashamed that outside of all
these judgements that the Daily Mail
whoever are imposing on you and you know
the Conservatives were they're
ridiculous like we're the Workers Party
thing now but just just I can't even go
there though we just kind of have to be
kind to ourselves and also share our
experiences so that was me doing this
let me know what you think in the
comments about overdrafts about loans
about tequila anything alright bye guys
see you read it
