hi everyone today we're standing in this
awkward corner because I wanted to be
near this poster of despair grand home
for peculiar children I got that poster
about three years ago at berk expo
America and then I got my copy of the
first book by ransom Riggs in this
series I got that few months later
really wonderful book very creepy and
threading and full of like found
photographs from his collection and also
from the collection of others
photographs that turn up at antique
fairs and car boot sales it's basically
very few details or no details at all
about who the people in the photograph
are there might be like notes on the
back sometimes but you just you just
don't know anything about the picture
you just have the picture and I really
love that so that's the first one as
always with QuickBooks the presentation
has really high quality there is a
paperback out but it's again pretty high
quality paperback I'm actually today
gonna be talking about the second one
which is hollow city but there aren't
any spoilers in this video at all
there's a different creeper girl on the
cover this time maybe I should get a
post of this one as well so surrounding
my rules with pictures of creepy girl
quack also sent me a copy of the graphic
novel of the first book which I did like
what I provide reading it in the
original form if you're going into
graphic novels will find them more
accessible then you can check it out
there as well this is I think published
by Yen Press young press anyway so
hollow city has much of the same format
of the first but beautiful end papers
for a start you're out you'll find
included amazing photographs now one of
my favorite things about the book is
that the photograph often doesn't come
until after you've read through that
passage that the photograph kind of
describes or illuminates in a way I
don't know how intentional visitors I'm
going to get very intentional but it
allows you mind to create the scene and
then it really enhances the scene it's a
weird process between text and image
that's a big part what i like about this
series and also what makes it so creepy
effectively creepy that play between
text and image in that sense that
everything's trying to trick you as well
you can't quite you can't quite find
stability ransom riggs writing style is
very rich you do feel like you're
getting a treat out of it the twister
effective as well I can open spot twist
but yeah this time I had a harder time
spotting them the first book is set on
an island of Wales and the second book
is set morn mainland Britain not the
mainland Britain of our time a rather
dark ear and blitz your time one might
say but this book in the series as well
isn't just for anyone it's not just for
creepy fans it's not just for the fans
of books that happen to find themselves
in the young adult section of libraries
and bookshops not just for as the well
written or the supernatural
for fans of Britain and wartime Britain
and it's certainly not just for fans of
found photographs and if you're curious
and you want to check it out it's
published by quirk books i'll put some
information in the description bar below
including a link to a video that ransom
riggs made all about his collection of
photographs it's really really beautiful
and also to my review of the first book
which i think is in there somewhere as
well but final violet to someone who is
normally very skeptical of sequels finds
them kind of a pain and just doesn't
enjoy reading them so it was a terrific
book Emma who's my favorite character in
the books is still like the most awesome
person ever so writing so strong it has
that play and it exists as a book in its
own right and I've just I can't wait for
the next one so I know I'm gonna have to
be a little bit patient but I hope it
comes sooner rather than later if you've
read this book or if you read the first
one please let me know your thoughts and
comments otherwise brain permitting I
should see you on Wednesday bye everyone
