hi everyone so you can do an invited me
to take part in that adulting campaign
you might have seen some stuff about it
it is basically a campaign in which you
celebrate all of those tiny victories of
ad ulting throughout the day and
throughout the week you may not for
example have hung up your dress but you
have made your batch focusing on the
good stuff this is how we focus like a
shark
soaked into when I sent me there's very
nice a pink box Kinder Bueno presents
the others in quiz no game oh I'm
already crushing in adulthood most of
the time we're just winging it but
sometimes we absolutely nailed it take
the quiz and see how you score and if
you've done enough to make your parents
semi proud now that's a loading don't
forget to jot down your answers mmm any
dependents this is gonna be the first
test all right I have found a pen and a
piece of paper the questions feel like a
game show host
question number one which of the
following best matches your cooking
level a microwave can pick anything B
I've mastered a basic pasta sauce or C I
own a spice rack complete with star nice
it is my honor to begin this quiz with a
humble brag that I do in fact own a
spice rack complete with star anis are
they having said that I don't actually
own a spice rack I mostly own a cupboard
in which I chuck all of my spices
question number two what's the longest
time frame you've managed to keep a
plant alive a it died before it passed
the threshold be longer than a week or C
my house is a jungle
be longer than a week and that's pretty
much only because I've focused on buying
plants that will survive if they're
abandoned question three how do you know
when you need to do the laundry a when I
run out of my last pair of clean pants
be when the dirty washing pile
avalanches C idea every weekend so I'm
going to give with C but that's only
because I've mastered the sneaky
loophole around actually organizing your
washing properly which is that anytime I
have something that needs to go in the
laundry I put it straight into the
washing machine how's your credit rating
hey what's a credit rating B I qualified
for a store card at last seed not only
have I got a credit card I've paid half
of it off my credit rating is not good
but I'd have paid off my credit card so
I feel like I'm somewhere between a and
C open with question five Oh
oh my gosh it's one of these things do
you know what
as for a ad into the mess in my
miscellaneous door be bleeding the
radiator or see of course I used it last
month I remember now that it's for
bleeding the radiator only because it
was on this nice cart but I would not
have remembered and it definitely would
have been in that miscellaneous drawer
which is just I have like an allen key
and this and a bunch of other things
that honestly I have no idea how to use
question 6 it's payday what's the first
thing you do a make it rain then it's
beans on taste for the rest of the month
B buy all of the clothes are returned
most of them anyway or C pay my rent and
bills and cry over my remaining
allowance it's a combination of CNA
because I'm not that great of budgeting
is so that I can you know go to the
supermarket in addition to doing all the
things that I'm supposed to be doing to
be a fiscally responsible adult I have
to say knowing this about myself my
cupboard these days looks a little bit
like it's preparing for some kind of
apocalypse because there are so many tin
cans and there and big bags of dry pasta
and so on because I know that I won't
appropriately forecast how long I need
to make my money last I'm trying to get
better at it it's a struggle but in the
meantime being from taste not the end of
the world question 7 what's your average
Friday night 8 going wherever the night
takes me as long as it's not home beat
dinner party yes ready meals count see
bra off pajamas on ready for a boxset
binge let's be real it's C and we all
know which shirts can be it's the West
Wing I love a good dinner party and I
love the idea of myself hosting dinner
parties and I have this very like
overblown idea of myself in a big long
table and I've invited everyone round
and I've been cooking all day and there
are tapered candles and I've seen
pictures like that or some of my friends
pages but it's just not something I have
yet managed maybe it's a goal for 2018
question number 8 how's your tuck away
game a an empty margarine tub will
suffice be an inherited collection after
stealing my parents leftovers C
big-league they even have seals clips
and compartments oh my no it is an empty
margarine tub situation it's also an
empty hummus tub an empty anything
question 9 a light bulb Globes in your
hallway what do you do
ain't nothing at all half of the lights
in my place don't work anyway beat me
I'll pop it on the shopping list see
grab a bulb from my extensive collection
in the cupboard I would go with a
I will say though I think that's
actually an act of Public Safety because
I get in a step ladder so what am I
gonna do climb on a table that's not
safe I have a kitchen stool but it's
half broken stay there wobbles every
time you stand on it I don't want to put
my life in danger question number 10
tell us about your spice rack situation
hey I've got salt and pepper what more
do I need B I throw herb to Provence and
anything and everything C bay leaves
fenugreek asafoetida you name it I've
got it what is that word idea bay leaves
a friend of mine get Christmas wreaths
every year that's made out of bay leaves
as a as a as a thirty-day sounds like a
Star Wars character as a foo Tina as a
foe t da now it is time to do scoring so
a answers are worth 1 point the answers
worth two points and Sciences are worth
three points
I wrote 23 points which puts me in these
17 to 23 category
I am adequately a dull ting most of the
time you're functioning sufficiently as
a grownup human being by that we mean
you're not drowning at least pop your
feet up on that fresh pile of laundry
and enjoy some Kendall wedding goodness
don't mind if I do so let me know how
you did in the comments below and don't
forget to reward yourself for these
little victories I've always wanted to
be one of those slow-mo people of you on
TV like eats things in a slow-mo and
sultry way but I just don't think it was
really in the stars
break out the classical music life
