hey everyone so my rooms pretty tidy
with the exception of my bed which is
full of stuff that I'm trying to sort
through I figure this would be a very
good time for me to do a little room
tour I'm living with Marian and saunas
in London in kind of a two floor flat at
the bottom of a big house and it's
really wonderful I get a whole floor to
myself while me in the kitchen and the
garden but it is nice to have my own
space and my room is gigantic the big
disadvantage of my room is that it's a
basement room so the windows the amazing
big windows that I had my last room have
gone I can make the sacrifice for the
size of this room kind of also for
having a private floor it's nice to have
a private floor because I pestered the
others when I want company and in the
meantime I can just you know take it
over for myself but anyway I'm talking
too much here is the room tour when I
was deciding what to do with my shelves
I wanted a bit of a change last room I
had you will remember it was all very
calculated this time I wanted something
a little more sparse especially because
we have all these different colors of
wood in this room there's the bed frame
that came with the room and the Wardrobe
that came with the room that all
dark-brown my bookshelf is liked IKEA
Brown the shelves built into the walls
of white and my furniture my other
furniture is white as well so it's kind
of a mix I didn't want to have too many
colors in that so I whitewashed my
bookshelf a little bit on top we have
Leo and Kate of course in private
position and on the side we have my
special bookshelf which has the Harry
Potter books John Green's books and some
of my favorite DVDs and box sets there's
also a TARDIS full of money and a handy
bottle of gin for any sort of
emergencies sometimes you need a
reminder that you are the mother
Fox and I have that as well as a crown
of roses that I made for my friends
Jamie and Emily's party there's some
more artwork there including a fountain
drawn by JK Rowling itself a key drawn
by JK Rowling herself and a moral is map
made by you note the Marauders
themselves the addition of McSweeney's I
won in price giving champagne fruits
that me and my sister gave to my dad for
his birthday a long long time ago a
cocktail shaker for emergencies and two
books by Lauren Conrad but emergencies
we've got some more original artwork
that you might recognize for my society6
page which I'm also working on more
artwork for my dad's old Westham scarf
and my Swindon Town hat Star Wars
Monopoly and Scrabble for party
essentials and a couple of notables that
I'm gonna go to closely and on because
they've got lots of details about
various tasks that I need completion
then there's my many convention badges
from the conventions I've attended over
the
VidCon LeakyCon etc etc TEDx Doctor Who
convention terminus all of that stuff
they just keep growing but I think from
next year I'll need a second hook for
the wall above that there are also some
really nice mementos things from the
coca-cola event that I went to with Lex
JK Rowling's South Bank Center event
ticket and pictures from with various
friends then there's the very messy bed
with the lovely 100% cotton Jersey duvet
cover from Muji which I highly recommend
and some pearls from my society6 page on
the wall there's a pastiche of magazine
reports of hime and also of Emily
VanCamp from revenge hamlet poster from
when I went to see how I'm lit with
David Tennant in it and more bitches of
me with friends because I just like have
so many friends I can't help but on the
other side of a special shelf we have my
television and I love it it's my very
grown-up purchase and it's actually just
helped chill me out a lot and it's me
relaxing time relaxing time and and
working time working time which i think
is very helpful kind of having that
boundary I know when the TV's on that
I'm done for the day and then we have
more pictures and a little thing of nail
varnishes as well so everything's kind
of worked out pretty well this big space
in the middle for me to do Pilates
generally just roll around reading on
the floor so it's good it's a really
good room I love it I'm very happy in it
and I'm prepared to cozy it up as much
as possible in advance of the horrible
horrible horrible in two months that I
am trying desperately to avoid alright I
will see you guys soon and let me know
if you have a room tour if you're in
that you want to share alright bye guys
