hi everyone so there was a really strong
response to my jobs internship advice
video thing that people really seemed to
identify with was the fear of phone
calls so here are ten tips for phone
calls number one let's start with making
a call assemble all the details the
phone number the name of the person you
want to talk to you just in case you
need to share your own phone number at
some point during this cool and you're
someone who forgets their own phone
number under pressure like me I once
gave an electrician my mother's phone
number by accident then write that down
to if you are calling the electricity
company or calling to inquire about an
order of slippers or something make sure
you have all the reference order numbers
confirmation numbers all that sort of
stuff handy as well number two sometimes
it might even help to write out a little
script for yourself this can be
especially helpful if you're talking to
someone for the first time or if you
know you're going to be put through to
an operator don't script out the entire
conversation because obviously you can
only ever know half of it just go with a
hello who you are who you're calling for
and a one-sentence really simple
explanation of why you're calling for
example hi my name is Jen halse rojas
and i'm calling to speak to herbert to
inquire about the cactus that i ordered
last week number three ok it's time to
dial can you go somewhere quiet if not
doke stressed out about it that's ok too
if pacing while you're on the phone
helps you breathe then also try and find
somewhere you can you know peace around
it's also worth checking that your phone
has a decent amount of battery and also
decent amount of signal once you sort
these things out it makes it easier to
focus on the call number for something
that is quite hard for me speak slowly
and enunciate where possible when you're
nervous you probably talk quickly a
weird volume because you want to vomit
out the words and you don't want have to
deal with them anymore and you want them
to be down the other end of the phone
and they want the phone calls but over
newest one ought to be done but actually
it turns out that speaking slowly helps
you out you spend far less time
clarifying you increase the chances of
the person on the other end of the line
really listening to what you're saying
and even maybe remembering your name 5
when the time comes to end the call let
them know what you expect from them and
what they can expect from you sometimes
this might not be applicable and
sometimes you might have mentioned it in
bulk of a conversation can be worth
repeating at the end thanks harbour I'll
wait for your own voice of Wednesday and
then I'll send you the final payment
also this is going to sound really
cheesy finishing on a note of thank you
for your help or have a nice day it's
just a really nice way to make everyone
feel good about the cool but you know by
works too like never under
timate by number six right afterwards
write down any notes you had about the
core what you promised to do what you're
expecting from them any dates that you
didn't drop down while you were on the
call especially if it's work call what
was agreed on what needs clarification
what you need to follow up on does that
need to be a follow-up email about it
this is a great time to think about what
you could have done better and what you
will do in future to help yourself feel
more prepared 7 but wait this all
assumes that the person picked up always
prepare for voicemail this depends on
the context and again little scripts
might be helpful think about what you
need from them and communicate that on
the little answer phone message it
should also be spoken it slowly and
clearly and mention your number as well
the most important thing with answer
phones is thinking about whether anyone
else is going to be able to hear it and
whether that matters are you calling
from the shop you work in to say that
something a customer has ordered is in
stock do you know that it's for that
customer or do you know whether it's a
surprise to someone else who may be an
earshot confidential client information
is the sort stuff that shouldn't be left
or voicemails sometimes it can even be
worth following up a voicemail with an
email in the event that the voicemail
was slightly unclear was cut off or also
just got accidentally deleted which has
happened to people sometimes number
eight ok now for receiving calls
depending on your context you should
have different ways of answering the
phone when I work to the bookshop it was
always hi this is the line in unicorn
bookshop in Richmond Torres Janna
speaking how can I help but a top man it
was always Hal a top man knocks a circus
rosianna speaking if you're new and
unsure just ask if there's a specific
message that you should learn to answer
the phone with otherwise just watch and
learn and if it's your own phone and
it's a frame that sometimes business and
sometimes pleasure it's totally up to
you to decide how you answer both of us
with hello or rosianna speaking if you
need to put someone on hold apologize
tell them you putting them on hold and
do whatever to ask you to do in the
interim like transferring them whatever
in a short amount of time as possible if
you think it's gonna take a long time
for you to find something or get someone
take their number and just call them
back and remember to call them back and
don't also just leave them on hold for
45 minutes a colleague of mine just left
someone on hold for a very very long
time and forgot about it the customer
was not pleased number 9 ok I keep going
on about follow-up emails but if you
receive like an unexpected call and
you're in the middle of a hustle and
bustle or whatever just ask the person
to send your digital follow-up email
with the details of what they need you
to do when let me
you sound great because you sound like
you really value whatever task you do it
also means you don't spend half the
conversations scrambling around in your
bag for a pen and then you miss half the
things they've listed and you just sound
like you're not paying attention turn
the phone interview a staple of the
working world this is a really crucial
part of the interview because it's
testing your phone skills try and
stretch your face into a smile while you
talk because it sounds like you happy
and hopeful for you also just use more
of your mouth when you're talking where
possible avoid going up at the end of a
sentence because you don't really sound
like you have conviction rather than you
know ending at the bottom of a sentence
when you sound really sure about what
you're saying and if you receive the
interview call or any cool in fact on a
train it's not like really really far
between stops or anything and just get
off the train try and find somewhere
quiet to continue the call or ask if
that person can call back later or you
can call them back later because it's
more a train or a train you're worried
about being quiet that also is probably
gonna be a tunnel at some point or like
a field like some other like non city
thing is going to get involved and make
it impossible for you to continue that
cool with all your brain in your head I
realize there are tunnels in London but
whatever it's my hope for that you've
been remembering just one of these
things will give you a little extra
confidence you can do it s'okay if
there's a cool that you need to make the
even putting off forever try and do it
in the next 24 hours and then leave me a
comment and let me know how it goes also
in comments please share any other tips
you have for making phone calls
receiving phone calls etc in the
unlikely event that you should find this
video useful please favorite like share
subscribe where tweet tumble etc I don't
know see you guys from Friday oh yeah by
the way I'm doing videos monday
wednesday friday i do take a total of
you by am
