hi guys so I received some emails from
you guys through my business email and a
lot the time I can't answer them try not
to check my email on weekends it's
really bad and terrible I didn't reply
to them other than the big question of
can you put the song by Troye Simon on
the soundtrack of The Fault in Our Stars
over which by the way I have no control
whatsoever but a lot of people
apparently think I do the biggest
question is do you have work advice and
internship advice I don't honestly have
that much advice on getting a job and
getting an internship I've had a lot of
experience with application forms I
applied for a few hundred jobs when I'd
left University ultimately I wasn't
successful through that route and I
never even got an interview through that
route but I do have some advice and I
think it's very important and I'm going
to say this at the start and probably
mention this again throughout to start
you're valuing each of these companies a
lot of you will probably be interested
in doing social media sell stuff and
that is huge especially if you go in for
an internship with a company and you
display your social media acumen or any
other kind of acumen for that matter and
you get an email a few weeks later just
it seems like one tiny little request
asking for a little bit of help with one
thing and then you get another email the
next week asking for a time of help with
one thing and another email and another
email and another email you're sharing
your knowledge and your services but
you're not getting paid for it that is a
huge pet peeve with me it's happened
with so many different people they're
not saying when I charge my friends or
even charge of business but every tiny
little thing I do but in doing that
they're saying that my information is
valuable they're not willing to pay me
for it and that's just my whole problem
with internships in general like my time
is valuable the knowledge I have to
offer is valuable the fact that I'm
malleable and open to learning is
valuable and yet you weren't paying me
for and you won't express that value
with me like what what does that even
what who are you okay so let's go back
to the beginning though so you have this
new job if you're taking on someone's
job and that person who's moved out of
that job is still there or if you have
their contact details and find out
everything you can out of them I think
there's like you know obviously don't
feel afraid to consult them if they're
still there throughout your job but at
the beginning like that's the crucial
time to ask as many questions as you can
and not the time those questions won't
come about
first or second day when you started
really doing those things that is the
time to ask the questions that is like
your window throughout the job and
throughout the internship it's worth
creating either mental or written
handover as they deal handed the job
over to someone else
especially if it's a role you're sort of
creating in a lot of ways because it
helps really define what you do it also
helps you later when it comes to talking
about what you do but they were talking
about it with someone at the company or
someone at an event or even in an
interview for your dream job I think
just having that kind of mental handover
like what would I tell a new person how
would I talk them through what I do what
does my daily life is there a day how is
my schedule in general is open don't
have to be on call all the time is it
limited to these hours like that sort of
stuff
even little things about the office
culture as well the amount of respect
there is per like blocked out lunchtime
are they big on outsourcing are they big
on finding those people within the
company who can do the job that they
want to do fear I think a lot of it is
about kind of self assessment and your
role within the company and what you do
and you have to start thinking about
that from the start don't put too much
pressure on yourself about it but it's
worth constantly thinking about your
role and what you're doing and what you
want to get out of it another thing that
I absolutely swear by is to play all
your cards and do things that aren't
asked of you try and like anticipate the
next thing that whoever you're working
for will need and the people around you
will need and the service you're
providing will need as well in some ways
this is even more important if you're in
internship where you know that there's
going to be a job available or you want
them to keep you in consideration should
a job become available because they'll
be really impressed with the fact that
you've over delivered so much and that
you are really making the most out of
this opportunity and that you really
value their company what is the job that
they need you to do that they haven't
even thought to communicate yet however
do deliver on the tasks they ask you to
do obviously don't focus on fulfilling
the jobs that they have NRT to do first
that is not a priority
speaking of priorities I would say that
prioritizing is very important this is
because I were to do this kind of
persons I have a to-do list at the being
of every day it's very fluid my number
one priority might be my number nine
priority by 3 p.m. things come and go
and you don't know what the day's going
throw at you and you also can't trust
how stressed you're going to be later in
the day or how tired you're going to be
or what problem comes your way that
means that you can't remember everything
that you thought you could remember and
it's like when you come up with an idea
of the late at night you think oh I'll
remember it and then by the morning it's
gone
so yeah writing this down it's good it
gets your brain in check I think a big
part of that and that's kind of the next
thing is I'm saying well but about the
psychology of the people you work with
when something becomes a priority like
who is it who's the number one person
who's the one who's like the top rung
and who's the person you report to and
what does it mean when X person asks you
to do something right away or as soon as
possible or even when you get the chance
because often a lot of people say when
you get the chance when what they mean
is right away I remember at the book
shop we had a work experience girl who
didn't understand that if you get the
chance coming from this one person kind
of meant as soon as possible and please
absolutely do it not if you feel like
doing it and that was an amazing
communication from anyone that wasn't
you know anyone it wasn't her fault for
not understanding that but you also have
to allow that people express themselves
in different ways nothing pisses me off
more than people who fake productivity
whether that's an intern or however
wherever you rank be productive you're
being productive like do get stuff done
if you're getting stuff done or don't
get stuff done if you're not getting
stuff done sometimes procrastination not
doing things whatever it happens but
don't pretend you are being productive
don't pour all your energy into seeming
productive because that just waste
everyone's time and it's really annoying
and it just it's such it drives me so
crazy Lena if you're given the
opportunity to be on a meeting or if
you're interested in being in a meeting
or you're interested in being on a call
or you're interested in speaking to
someone or you want to be introduced to
someone ask it's important to us with
respect and an understanding of the
situation and understanding that that
person might say no as well be prepared
to make your case in yourself and I
think that you can make your case for
yourself having created that mental
handover of what your role is and what
you do and what you have to offer and
where you see your potential is being I
feel like I have so much a random advice
if you're so pretty young and you're
just starting out and like retail
Saturday weekend job and try and do
something that involves you talking on
the phone talking to about strangers in
the appointment while recently there are
a lot of young people who do not enjoy
talking
whatsoever who would prefer to do an
email having the phone skills is just a
like massive advantage to employers and
if you have that and if that's something
you can work on then just try it one
phone call at a time you're coming for
me something isn't afraid of that it's
very easy for me to be like work on your
phone skills like that's not yeah my
final bit of advice for today and the
most important of everything I've said
is to listen you often open environments
when you have really smart people around
you especially if you work for a really
good company is like full of a lot of
really smart people who are smart in in
business ways and sales ways and
creative ways in all of the ways people
who you can learn from even if you don't
agree with them entirely even if you
think that there are lots of things and
the company that you can fix just just
listen and talk to them when you have
the opportunity I don't think listening
is passive I think you're making
something when you listen but then again
you know ask questions or pay attention
because if you're an internship or if
you're in a job you're lucky to have it
in the climate that we're in right now
it's not the rainy climate but the
general climate whether that job is
something for now or that job is your
dream job and what you want to do for
the rest of your life there it's
something anything in between valuing
and value yourself and your skills
because you're valuable don't let people
take advantage of that either
even if you do have to end up doing
unpaid internship don't let that unpaid
internship last past its tag date don't
give your knowledge up for free your
valuable asset your value
