hi guys so in Twitter's and the you can
follow me on twitter by the way my
username is at paper time lady but on
twitter i said i have been reading all
these really great books and it's making
me very happy that's paraphrasing myself
the first book I read where Julie otsuka
was the Buddha in the attic and the
second book I read was when the emperor
was divine they kind of a continuation
of sorts I mean they are really they're
both on the same topic of Japanese women
in history the first one the budget in
the Attic deals with the picture brides
he came over from Japan to the USA the
exchange happened on the basis of
pictures you didn't see anyone you
couldn't skype with them obviously you
just got a picture of the person you
were bringing over and you supplied a
picture but of course the picture didn't
have to be of you yourself it could have
been of your brother it could have been
of yourself 20 years ago so these women
who came over in this boat very cramped
and comfortable conditions they have
these pictures with them of the men that
they're looking to me of course when
they get there the men don't in any way
resemble that they don't resemble the
images the picture brides come over with
a promise of wealth and a life of ease
and luxury but just as the husbands and
sutures were lying about the way they
looked they were also lying about their
position as well but it also tracks the
change in attitude towards the Japanese
and also in the way they see themselves
as the war begins and and as the US
involvement in the war as well spurs on
the second book when the emperor was
divine focuses on a family who has sent
to an internment camp in the USA during
the war so it chronologically kind of
follows and you get the sense that it's
connected and that the woman of this
family the mother that she could easily
be one of the woman in here it's hard to
tell because of one of my favorite
things about these books in that the way
they're written the writing style
doesn't use any names and in fact the
first book uses a collective we in front
of pretty much everything and there is a
point at which that we shifts and the
function of that shifting weed the way
it makes you feel about those groups
like that's quite jarring and also in a
way signifies how they're kind of
written out of history and and how it's
up to all of us to bring up these parts
of history as well because whether you
live in the US or anywhere else in the
world this is part of a collective
history and a collect
to retelling of it it's worth reading
all the way through to the
acknowledgments especially in the case
of the burglar in the Attic because some
of the language that is used and you
feel like it is very consistent with the
language of that time is actually a
little bit more recent I guess expands
the breadth of the political message of
the book as well they're quite short at
the books and they fit easily in bags
and from trains and no under your arm or
in your back pocket of your jeans or
something they were really tremendous
they really stunned me actually I would
recommend Julie asuka's the budget in
the attic and when the emperor was
divine but guys that will see on
wednesday when I were talking about the
UN broadband commission's report on
women in ICT exciting stuff thanks
everyone he's completed the lady survey
so far if you haven't there's a link in
the description bar below and that's
pretty much it don't forget to comment
and let me know if there are any books
that you've read that I should read or
that everyone should read and if you
need book recommendations then check the
comments or check my books playlist
there are lots of recommendations to go
around all right bye guys
