one of my favorite things about filming
videos on trips is not knowing what
you've captured sounds angles shakes
rhythms light more skilled camera
operators probably have a better sense
than I do but when I sit down with
footage to edit it's like piecing
together a strange echo of my experience
or more than that how do I show how it
felt while also creating something from
recorded perspectives I didn't see and
could not capture at the time this comes
to mind for travel videos especially
because I am learning to see a place
through many eyes visitor documenter
reflector organizer presenter but I
don't want to come in with conclusions i
sat down at my computer and what I saw
of this trip to Winchester were archways
stones held together at the point by the
Keystone the many parts making what
looks like too delicate lines leaning
against one another cloistered
enclosures monasteries at the literal
sense and in the Peace of the trees of
the river itchin of the wild and
constructed rare mats of Keats of that
sense of awe and the strange dread of it
and in how the physicality of that was
recreated created wildness replicated
and in castle ruins of history of
inevitability that the arch will one day
fall but our ongoing quest to preserve
it to hold it to have it say something
about us I passed her another archway
that day of strange memory I was much
smaller we were on our way to visit my
grandparents and we stopped off
somewhere with the promise of a Great
Hall and a round table the previous time
I was there I looked at the round table
and thought that it was real I thought
that it was the one that Arthur had sat
around the dissonance of that belief
that something quite real and physical
was in front of me whereas the myth was
so nebulous was sort of forgotten in
that moment but as I stood under it on
this most recent trip to Winchester I
understood it as another arch in the
cloisters
here was someone a king a thousand years
ago who passed through the same archways
as me loved variations of the stories
that I loved the characters that I loved
and wanted to be part of it my favorite
archways to pass through are the resting
wings of books the fragile binding that
is the keystone to stories and poetry's
in history in Winchester I felt all of
these around me as though I had passed
through Rowling's veil or Pullman's
window or Lewises pools there is always
another arch to pass through another way
to see the world and if you take a
moment as you walk through you might
just feel all those who walked through
before you and he will after
look it was like the fridge that Kings
waiting here like it
