hi everyone so a couple of weeks ago I
went to stay at my friend George's house
for a night and on the way back we
discussed music hi it's said I'm in the
college Georgia she's actually on my way
to a modeling shoot she's very fancy I
spent last night in hers we got take
away or watch the champions final and it
was love I watched The Voice which I've
never seen before and so that's been
quite a musical me as I mentioned last
time I saw what sketches so Georgia
played under the bridge and Chelsea but
cotton case gets everything a semaphore
because Chelsea I go to me tonight with
Becky and I'm going to high on Thursday
I'm missing Georgia's other gigs but can
get embargoes on Friday I bought tickets
to Coachella
but 2014 don't really know how that
happened you can play them Ariana
Brinkerhoff and then yesterday I bought
standing tickets for one direction in
cheek yeah
you're already jealous like you got to
be snooty pretend like one direction but
you're already jealous and it's just
been good it's been a movie yes
ceasefire
so awesome just check now thank you
yeah seats about excellent s CAS file
one word very good plan work make too
much furniture yeah never get that seems
to be new one
yeah that's it and then I've seen myself
yeah so right now we're on the way to
done didn't win the like it's crazy
there was a period of time when I was a
teenager that my dream was to write for
enemy and to just like find all this
great indie music I was so on it when I
was younger that I'm not in the same way
now like I'm I'd have no idea what's
going on now I mainly find balance like
Heim through friends and three
recommendations from friends I do really
love finding those new artists who
surprise you but I don't go out and seek
him in the same way that I say seek new
youtubers or new authors like that's
kind of where my passions lie yes both
finding new stuff it was really fun to
have a month full of music and full of
going to gigs and all that kind of
strange live excitement it says it's the
difference in a way between watching
something on television and watching
something in theatre television hurts
the advantages of production it has the
editing like with a produce song but
when you go see it live you can't
replicate the energy you can't replicate
the in person assal and that's why I
personally don't think that social media
and like the online world is such a
threat because you can't replicate that
you can't replicate the real experience
doesn't mean it can't be its own new
thing that's own different thing in the
same way that produce television and
produce music is it's just a different
format it's just something else it's
just another of the many things that we
throw into the pot Haim were absolutely
amazing
they was so good I managed towards the
end to be kind of right second row right
in the vector right in the center I just
wanted to show you a little tiny clip
from their drumming set which was
amazing
even though they don't have an Earthman
yet they have a series of EPs and stuff
and my favorite song has send me down
they've got so much good stuff and
they're gonna go places and it's really
exciting to see that happen but I was
really excited to buy tickets to
Coachella because them yeah it's just
gonna be really fun I haven't been to
music festivals since I was about 17
maybe 18 yeah that's gonna be it's gonna
be crazy and I'm excited for that
so yeah I kind of wanted to know what
sort of bands you guys are listening to
at the moment and who I should listen to
my favorite bands give me an idea of the
things that I like our home obviously no
doubt the killer is I really like my
steel I still really like The Strokes
even though
varied like in the past kind of things
love Laura Marling who are so in love is
so many people to love I love Alissa who
supported him who was amazing she was so
good massive George Watsky fan obviously
but then I also do really like papi do
you like Taylor Swift I do like one
direction
I do like Miley Cyrus's a new song about
being on cocaine give me your
recommendations I'm open to listening to
anything trying anything out so let me
know comments let me know if you have
any tickets to any exciting summer gigs
or indeed if like me you have any
tickets anything next year like One
Direction Coachella and yeah let's leave
it at that but I will see you guys on
Friday I think I said Friday it was the
next video
Friday Friday bye guys thanks so much
for your amazing comments in my previous
video really great to read through all
your stuff it's on these things but we
do have to keep the conversation going
and keep aware of what people are being
presented with even if like so many of
us you've made the choice not to read or
buy or even look in the direction of
women's magazine it's important to know
what other people are being shown and
the message is that other people have
been told because these things are
working against us in a way that is more
than just us it's kind of against
everyone so yeah awesome
