hi guys so when you get in touch with me
through tumblr and through email and
Twitter and that sort of thing you tend
to ask me what are the things I should
see I'm visiting London what are your
favorite book shops in London where you
like to work in London so I thought I'd
do a little mini series kind of best of
London I've caught it BST british summer
time london it would give you a little
idea of the places i like to go and that
you should check out and today we're
going to start with columbia road flower
market was actually where I got these
lovely flowers in the basket of my bike
here that's Columbia Road flower market
in shoreditch Columbia Road flower
market is absolutely amazing firstly
because of the wide range of flowers
it's really easy to get to you as well
there's busted their shortage High
Street Station as Liverpool Street
Station as well any kind of anything the
area located that as with my city slum
do it's great place it's like once you
found it the first thing you'll see is
the massive range of flowers and Sally
flowers for your father's flowers being
garden all sorts of flowers that are
beautiful that are sold by market people
who are quite difficult to handle down
unless at the end of the day and they
excited want to get rid of stuff and but
they generally kind of price match
between each other and the prices are
quite competitive and are not too much
oftentimes they're cheaper than what
you'd find in like Marks and Spencers
will Tesco whatever but sometimes they
are a little more expensive but they're
quite fairly priced I found once you've
looked through with the beautiful
flowers and maybe bought some yourself
the other thing to check out our the
little shops along the side of the
market most of these shops are only open
on weekends and on market days basically
Columbia flower market is a sunday
market but my favourite of them is
probably the Jesse chori shop which is
full of beautiful a handmade artwork
jewelry quotations on like these little
enamel plates wonderful embroidery
vintage aprons just the sort of thing
you see someone posted on tumblr and
think where do I get that from there's
also so much wrapping paper and cards if
you're looking for a gift for someone
you really care about and someone in
your family that's best place to come to
for that because it is a little bit
expensive but it's really decent high
quality stuff and just so beautiful
something that they'll really appreciate
there are some other great shops as well
there's open house which is a wonderful
garden eshop
what
there's the rub Ryan gallery many of you
will probably have seen the art which is
like lots of paper cut it art it reminds
you a lot of the Mexican paper cutting
and there they have laser cut accredit
Keys a huge huge prints as well as well
as some of the originals that you can go
and have a look at there's treacle which
at first needs to just sell homework
kitchenware but also sells cupcakes
there are shops that sell vintage books
there's none that sells Vietnamese
clothes and like little bowls as well
just so much to see in this tiny tiny
little space it does get crowded and if
you seriously want the best and the
fractures then you have to get there
quite early but it's a fun place to pop
into and Sunday to go to after breakfast
or before lunch or in between brunch and
then after that you have the whole of
brick lane and spitalfields at your
disposal as well within walking distance
I would definitely recommend that you go
to Columbia Road flower market in e to
see you guys next time why for a wide
range of videos don't forget to
subscribe like share etc etc is that
I've already planned covering things
like more markets bookshops coffee shops
all that sort of stuff but let me know
what you want to hear and what you want
to see in comments
