hi guys you betta channels can how they
do you like holes and I'd actually
really like watching cause I like
watching on be chance I don't watching
tutorials I like watching room tools and
I like watching outfits of the day
there's my fear is all of them just like
oh I didn't but today I went to a church
money yeah today was payday so I'm put
some stuff I like that I'd share with
you guys in my hands gonna food so I
wanted to be included yeah and then food
is something unique so you can't feel
bad about buying it and I'm always
really happy to see food in Rosie's
cupboard because usually it's pretty
side cupboard I mean this look this
isn't even gonna go and cover it because
it's a perishable it's perishable them
down but this is spring this is a time
when we also I feel I have to start
eating really fresh food then you just
like bring the sunshine it's definitely
something that you can make from scratch
but I really liked it like pre-prepared
little packets they're so easy just open
it put half of it in put some salt in it
being this is the crisp and sweet mixed
pepper stir fry bean sprouts and some
red cabbage in there another good one
from Waitrose along with mushrooms and
then that's a little more expensive
yeah that's the price is the thing that
always yeah I have a trusty iceberg
lettuce these last forever I use them a
lot when I make Mexican food like
fajitas and stuff I will say use them I
make my veggie burgers because you don't
need a bun you just put them in there in
a pod of lettuce yeah my cupboard of dry
food is just abysmal it has like tea in
it a little bit of granola and some
quinoa like a very small amount of
quinoa and then like seven cookbook but
rice is gonna go in there and rice is
great with again
nice complete and then also like the
salads and between red and yellow I
really don't like green peppers like
yelling everyone has a big yellow
no an orange pepper yellow pepper orange
next - yeah but we're just hard to find
yeah my weight should happen I was just
really tighten up the regular pretty
good quality so the co-branding suckers
are telegram that's your nails
look at that my sweet you've only done a
pepper red tails yeah I feel like I
think my nails are channeling my mind
tonight for free yellow peppers as well
so yeah I think Salah likes purple
peppers
I assume Jamie likes pretty purple she
probably does like food yeah yeah I'm
really into tender sound broccoli right
now I don't know what it is something
about like the stem itself having so
much nutrition but it's also it's more
of an event like broccoli can be kind of
like it can be quite blah yeah but it
makes it an event which I always buy and
then I'm just kind of like I always
think about it Fino those days when you
want something quickly and you want to
make some pasta or something yeah yeah
nice you just steamed a little broccoli
quickly but not too much that it loses
all of its nutrition and this dance we
call this broccolini Bellini
broccolini we've got some bananas the
world's easiest morning food and also
snap this is continuing on the staff
right when I try to talk to many soy
products I'm gonna take feels another
and so I love it with my stir-fry and I
also love it with Mexican food
I think Mexican food will start breaking
down a bad life yeah but it really easy
to make and it just absorbs all the
famous of where you cook eat with so I'm
thinking next time I make my friend he
does just to smell it I love like both
rosy and solid a really good cook
I'm like so so I just get really lazy
every good thing I'm already when I only
put an effort which is never but
basically so these two are but when this
one cooks then flat smells even when I
kick on your rings even went well not
not at 10 in the morning that yeah I was
never much that was a little much
they're just like this needed to happen
because we can't have any more telling
about entering because it's on us orange
juice
the cheap orange juice they've got
essentially Waitrose orange juice smooth
I doesn't like the bit I think she
doesn't
I like the bit stay I always look at ya
nice moves person you gotta see a
country person yeah but this perk my bag
to get another bag
so thanks summer I go through these
phases of like coca-cola addictions as
you can see by the bedside bottle as you
can see by the little can hidden behind
the mirror every request and I go
through phases of life X blues a nice
room like coke - Diet Coke - coke - Diet
Coke for though through these peasant
phases of like intense hatred for one of
them like blanket statement don't like
brown soda yeah yeah I think some
Mexican and meaning I'm trying to get
myself off that stuff and some I'm using
fruit juices as a way a way into that oh
yeah
I'm just so nice - it's like a treat
yeah it is I'm gonna get my stuff back
on just drinking water nothing else
which is why I do - not that nice and
that was that last year but my cap
yeah yeah really big green tea phase - I
did I tried to get myself a bunch of
that above yeah that's not perfect
morning for use try not to have it too
late today because it has quite a little
sugar but at the same time when you're
hungry really do about like a third time
really I think like the the water in it
just yeah I did one last year yeah
University oh yeah don't make me hold
them like
great fruit might another of my favorite
morning morning treats they make using
so stitches nice these are from Florida
which I'm not where Marines from no
she's from the US I am from yeah the
flag that's like a slightly orange it is
of citrus it's like burnt orange
chop-chop lipstick and some of you might
remember that my favorite way to eat
great for your is in the shower because
that it like it goes everywhere but then
you're leaving yourself it's yeah yeah I
mean Jen often I deal with that's true
getting old I have you and my mother
clams up and like attack to the eye by
like my favorite cheap pasta the amore
essential waitress it is really yummy
it's like 90 P and it just some reason
has it more flavor than the other cheap
faster so I really like it my absolute
favorite pasta is a green one from seeds
of change its Lex and I think it's
called spinach drug dolly or something
that's really new waitress is pretty
fancy in kind and quite expensive
generally but it's not as expensive as
it needs to be in there are some deals I
know you come over this time I was like
well I didn't really want to feel the
pressure to eat the hope also I'm going
to feel like this like a semi rotten
cucumber in the fridge they're going to
finish quickly
yeah but then also people forget which
ones that okay we have that issue
because we're all vegetarian so we all
kind of by the same thing yeah yeah like
you to use which is why I've got a shop
here something write my name everything
off finished I got some mine for what
purposes will you use said limes rosy
for rice the alcohol will say limes just
for my meat over Mexico it's not great I
love the color of them mm-hmm these
might even be from a Mexican
country of origin Mexico the last thing
I got Western stories because they come
on top level
okay and that's good someone mentions
trophies to me the other day I can smell
them they still really since then I've
been marginally fantasizing about him I
also put strawberries in a lot of salads
I really recommend it salads especially
with spinach especially with rice eat
that
it's in my noms book I have a recipe
book you should probably mention that
it's a PDF but it's like I think ten or
twelve dollars it's not all vegan
recipes they're vegetarian recipes
because I wasn't vegan when I made it so
it's like eggs and I do like the
eggs and I no longer like eggs and
 but you know that's your weight
