hello internet so i don't know if you
know this about me but i am a massive
geek about industry events and industry
knowledge i love book expo america which
is the book industry event in new york
i'm going to lbf later this year i
adored attendee industry day at VidCon
the book seller is like one of my
favorite magazines of all time although
I cannot afford it saddest and even
though fashion and fashion management
isn't what I really want to go into I
was so obsessed with learning as much so
good about the commercial side of
fashion retail when I spent the last six
to eight months working that don't
anyway last week I received an
invitation to the press preview for the
school for start-up showcase the actual
showcase takes place this weekend at
sunset house that put all the
information description bar below and on
the invitation it said often 425 press
previews I arrived exactly at four and i
left at 20 minutes to eight cuz it was
so good throughout the rest of this
video i'm going to show you some clips
or the various things i saw because
there's so many so many things and i
just want to put them all out there i
also try and put as much information
about who was making the separate things
and in the description bobbin it was
well and i came away from it feeling as
I often do after these sorts of events
really like creatively invigorated and
really entrepreneurial I just really
excited to go forward with some of the
projects that I've net slip if that's
like this make me really aware of how
many resources there are four people out
there and the while trying to make
things I'm not going to pretend that
it's not rubbish that the government
keeps cutting back art funding and
funding things like museums but if you
are someone with an idea there are
people there to help you you've just got
to do a little bit of digging and
everyone I met today for the record
really recommended school for startups
as well I think when you have an idea
it's so easy to say that oh it's because
I need funding that's why I'm not making
it happen I think a lot of it is about
structuring your plan understanding your
market understanding your consumer in
general like the psychology of the
consumer understanding what it is you
want to make there's so much
understanding has to go into making
something and sharing something whether
that's something physical or whether
that's the service but the main number
one takeaway ahead from this event was
oh my gosh these women there were many
male exhibitors at well like the lovely
Tom he made this amazing table
but overall I felt like it was the women
who had the most understanding about
their products who had the most
understanding of the economy at the
moment and also the opportunities that
the recession and austerity mindset
poses things like people looking to buy
high-quality products will last them a
long time and also something that they
can pass on something with that
sentimentality that our lot the things
on the high street lack above all I felt
like the women had the most optimism and
the most curiosity I was sincerely very
very impressed one of the women who made
these amazing lampshades also works at
the Theatre Royal in Brighton doing
front of house and we were talking a
little bit about me being video blogger
and some of the other things I do and
she was saying that's the great thing
about this recession in a way because
it's brought up all these amazing job
titles that people didn't even know
existed before people creating jobs for
themselves and also fitting into new
jobs and new roles that coming out of it
over and over and over again i finished
conversations with these women thinking
this is our time this is our opportunity
by god if we don't take it with both
hands and just grab onto it you're fools
and it's so wonderful and so important
to have events like that events are also
reminders how important it is to have a
network of people a community of people
who really support you and it's not just
you surrounded by mentors and teachers
its peers its people you learn from its
people you teach all at the same time
everyone at this showcase was so excited
for each other everyone was keen to
recommend another person's store and
everyone was so excited to help the
communities with which their products or
services will interact one woman for
example from Lotus travel talked about
setting up a buddy system for women
traveling around the world to ensure
that women feel safe when traveling that
they feel informed and in general just
to make these experiences possible these
things these entrepreneurs are creating
are such a gift and that's not only
because I tasted amazing vegan
cheesecake if you live in London or you
can get to London I strongly encourage
you to go and visit the startup showcase
and let me know what you think right now
do you agree with me that this is our
time who's the we in our time and why is
learning about industries so damn great
let me know all of these things cuz
right now i'm gonna go off and work and
all these other ideas i've abandoned the
very last thing i want to show you is
one of the stores had this amazing
really beautiful hat from a startup
company called rachel drew while I was
talking to Rachel a fashion illustrator
came and drew me in one of her beauty
perhaps I believe the fashion
illustrators name was Cara Gomez I think
all her detail should be in the
description bar below as well once they
get around to writing this epically long
list of creation but how great is that
I'm definitely definitely definitely
going to be framing it I'll switch you
all on monday and it will be monday this
time probably by
