hey everyone so if you've been like
following me online in a non-creepy way
recently you'll see that I've posted a
lot about music I think maybe more than
I have been posting over the last few
years and it's been really interesting
because now that I work at home I've
been relying a lot more on music to kind
of keep my brain focused and keep me
writing that was also the case when I
was writing my dissertation when I get
into these longer streams of focusing on
my computer I definitely need really
good things like soundtracks and great
albums like this Dale's new album so
just keep me going my cold so bad at the
moment that everything's like rising up
to my nose and I can't breathe it's
really sexy
anyway submit anyway so it made me think
a lot about when I was 13 and 14 and I
wanted to be a writer for Enemy this
music magazine I wanted to be finding
all the new music and going to all the
gigs and interviewing all the bands I
also at the same time I wanted to be a
novelist I would just shoot them both
and that was gonna fund me I was gonna
write to support myself it was gonna be
a beautiful thing at the time I was so
on top of music news and I was I've just
loved it but I do think that the fact
that one of my sister's was so good at
like the electric guitar and she played
bass and she went to all these really
cool gigs and obviously just because she
was like eight almost eight years older
than me had certain band knowledge music
knowledge and could do more things I did
that really discouraged me and I think
that is something that you probably find
a lot in the youngest daughters it also
means that we're very competitive and
we're pretty strappy and stubborn and
can be a nightmare at the time but if
there is one of those things is you know
a tendency among youngest children it is
that a lot of things you must give up on
because you aren't doing them as well as
your older siblings and you aren't
picking up on them as quickly as older
siblings the other side to that is that
many people who are serious writers
about music adopt this kind of snobbery
about commercial pop music and I have
always always loved commercial pop music
I think it's excellent those of you who
follow me online again will know how
much I love Taylor Swift but I also love
Kesha and I just love these big bands
that have these like ridiculous songs
that you should be critical of lyrically
and you should question what they're
pouring into mine's the children but my
god when I dance a kiss
you buy one direction if it plays and
also request it I used to feel a bit
ashamed of that side of me but now I
just embrace it that music makes me
happy and it makes me want to dance
and are very lucky to have friends who
don't judge me for it and he will play
those songs with me he'll contribute to
my corruption the other side of birds
that I've been thinking a lot about
childhood and adulthood in the way we so
romanticize childhood especially through
grief as well I mean when you're sad
things happen and bad things happen you
think oh I wish I could have gone back
to time when they didn't happen and
maybe change nothing and maybe change
lots of things but you want that ability
to kind of claw backwards a little bit
and have a little space from these sad
events especially when it's a parent you
want to go back to that stage when the
whole relationship was very simple and
wasn't messy or teenager at all but then
I also often think about how good at
being 16 I was I think it was a pretty
good 16 year old I was really driven and
I did all my work and I tried to make
the most of things in so many respects I
was like a pretty good 16 year old and
there's no feeling of that right now in
my life like it's very difficult to feel
like oh I'm a really good 21 year old
doesn't tell you what everyone's
expecting of me because you are just
making yourself at this point and even
when people have those expectations of
you which they do people have plenty of
expectations of me in my life it's a
much less solid thing to work with you
know like there's no grading of it but
having said that up is this like
terrible thing is actually excellent
I'm actually really embracing being an
adult at the railroad and it has been a
transition that's taken five or six
months this whole getting to the mindset
of being an adult is really good we're
just starting to have people really take
your opinions seriously because you are
an adult and people being unafraid to
challenge you and I'm marginally less
likely to patronize you I think there's
a certain assuredness as well that you
have just from what you're saying as an
adult that you don't necessarily have as
a teenager because everyone's doubting
you because you're a teenager admittedly
I do think that is something that has to
change I think we have to change the way
we're talking to teenagers because
teenagers aren't idiots and I think that
simple change is like talking to each
other and treating each other with the
same amount of respect can have a
massive effect on someone's internal
self-assuredness
but also selfishly it's just really nice
to enjoy that and be on the other
side of that I didn't really realize how
much it kind of had affected me
psychologically and internally people
being patronizing people talking down to
me because I was younger it's odd it's
peculiar to be an adult but it's also
excellent
and I've realized that despite the media
beefs glamourizing teenagers through you
know YouTube products and programs like
all the programs i watch you're about
teenagers in high school
and through all that sort of thing I
don't find the idea of being a teenager
again
appealing not because there's anything
wrong with it but just that I'm in this
new stage of my life that is also really
cool in its own right and deserves
enthusiasm and its own right as well so
yeah I am woman that is the end of that
bye host my throat right now is like I
don't know what this video is about but
I assume it's about how much phlegm I
can push into your mouth while you're
recording it don't you guys love the
things I share with you
