hello everyone so as you know I like
books roll over a lot and I recently
spent a fortnight doing work experience
at Penguin Books in the penguin general
publicity department it was an excellent
experience and I'm really glad that I
did it basically penguin general are in
charge of Vikings victory and Hamish
Hamilton Hamish Hamilton publishes some
of my favorite authors of all time
including Dave Eggers and daily Smith
penguin general is very literary very
much kind of the adult sphere of the
publishing industry in some ways I
consider myself a specialist in the
young adult and children's literature
section so it's really interesting to
have that experience in the adult world
anyway work experience is always gonna
be work experience there's always gonna
be their so called menial tasks like
sending things out in the post and
photocopying and I don't even know just
like running little errands and filing
things those menial tasks I take with
you know a spoonful of sugar and I don't
really mind them that much I think that
when you have an opportunity to do
something you should just make the most
of it that is just how I try to to frame
it and any sometimes that's easier said
than done especially when you're tired
or when you have to have a long commute
or for whatever reason something else is
just draining you of your energy but I
really felt like I made the most of this
experience and I was I was happy that I
did that it was particularly interesting
to me also because obviously I come from
this very strong social media background
and I was in the publicity department
but publicity is still very traditional
it has massive focus on traditional
media it's just very different to me
from being someone who's so immersed in
the internet all the time to then
realise that people are still really
prioritizing traditional media it's just
it's fascinating and also the world has
meaning in every way but then it also
makes a lot of sense because the
circulation of those publications is so
massive and so many people who will
consider themselves literary readers
would go to those publications so it was
just interesting to me to see how they
weighted things and how they weighted
the importance of certain outlets
another great thing is as I mentioned
they published some of my favorite
authors and at the time I was actually
finally getting a went on to read a
Smith & W I love Zadie Smith I think
she's a fantastic writer my favorite
book of hers is probably on beauty but I
also really really loved NW they dismiss
this one for multiple narratives and
rising action and in every single part
of that multiple narrative she makes use
own in on that person's narrative and
makes you think that oh yeah this is the
dominant now
the book and then by the next chapter
you're onto a completely different story
and somehow all of these narratives
matter and they all make you feel such
empathy for these characters or disgust
for some of the characters in equal
measure and I don't know how she does if
you haven't read an exam Smith even if
you generally just prefer to read young
adult fiction that you just have to read
her books basically so yeah the end
especially if you live in London or
you're an Anglophile or you read if you
don't read start start here start right
here to be honest the other books I've
read recently I haven't been that
remarkable and I can't even really
remember the titles of most of them
because they were so thoroughly
unremarkable at the moment I'm currently
rereading boyfriend lists about a
chapter at a time every night which is
really great it's one of my favorite
books of all time by E Lockhart I think
it is my favorite you look Carla I mean
sometimes Ruby and Frankie have the set
of rivalry but I think the boyfriend is
so funny and the footnote she uses
throughout are so great and it's a
really intelligent book about therapy
and it's a really intelligent book about
going out with a lot of boys I'm also
reading Dave Eggers newest a hologram
for the King which I've been told by so
many people it's fantastic it's amazing
it's wonderful I've also been told that
it's not quite as good maybe as a
heartbreaking work of staggering genius
which was Dave Eggers first book sort of
memoir fiction dance party I've looked
at quite a few times I think it's
absolutely sensational so I don't know
I'm trying not to compare it I'm trying
to push comparison out of my mind with
this so yeah so far extremely promising
world report back finally I did buy days
of blood and Starlight by Lonnie Taylor
about this much in I'm so racing through
it I'm not finding that I have the punch
of daughter of smoke and bone which is a
real shame I think the UK covers are
beautiful and I really like all the
presentation they've really pushed it as
more of an adult book and it's more of a
sci-fi book then necessarily as young
adults take I continue to think that
kuru and all the female characters in
this book actually are just absolutely
fantastic but I'm still experiencing the
same sort of wonder that I had when I
read Daughter of Smoke and bone which is
this one right here this is the u.s.
copper because I got this at VA many
moons ago that's the main stuff of what
I'm reading at the moment
if any of you have read any of these
things and W any of these books let me
know in the comments give me your
recommendations I am gonna try and stand
off my Goodreads but you know not that
great at that
sorry just because they have so many
things up my sleeve also look at the
shiny paper back for The Fault in Our
Stars that I've got from the Swindon
event I didn't get my nectar Cadogan
hall event so you just put it with my
collection of them one two three well
not that I have issues anyway I hope you
all have a lovely weekend and I will see
you on Monday why
