yeah was the world's a stage and all the
men and women merely players
great
haha
football is poetry and singing and the
sweet smell of grass and sweat on a cold
swindon day with your bag falling into
puddles and your feet compelled to push
up your body to stand for the once iron
de Canio and to sing his name over and
over and over again as you once did so
many years previously football is
agility and speech and yes an illegal
foul or back parcel to you it's 90
minutes give or take a few of the body
showing us precisely what it can do and
before this descends into a dr. Seuss
rhyme let me take the time to say that
sport is so much better with friends
whether live tweeting on Twitter or in
the first row of the county ground of
swindon town
I'm a geek and I am a nerd and I tried
to read everything and I like kesha and
out like a football and I like gin and
all of these things are okay apart from
the fact that West Ham lost once again
playing away
I think it's one swims leading a veteran
services
if you liked this video don't forget you
can subscribe somewhere down here
because they moved at El I can't
remember where it won it also helps if
you like it and you share it and you
tweet it and you dance around it
