hi everyone so a couple of weeks ago I
sat down with swimmer mr. martini who
swam as part of the refugee Olympic team
in Rio in 2016 yes right is also the
youngest-ever goodwill ambassador for
UNHCR the UN refugee agency and she's
published a book in May her book
butterfly came out which tells her own
story from when she was very young in
Syria right up through to being a young
adult right now in Germany us around was
17 when she fled Syria in 2015 she fled
with her sister Sarah he was also a
swimmer and her sisters were among many
refugees who were piled on to this
little dinghy that was going to take
them from the coast of Turkey to Greece
15 minutes into their journey the boats
motor failed so they were stuck drifting
the tiny dinghy was taking on water so
you throw Sarah and two other refugees
on the boat some of him couldn't even
swim got into the water and held on so
that they were taking the weight off the
boat between coasts it took them three
and a half hours which might not sound
like a long time but imagine being in
freezing cold water not knowing if
you're going to make it or be turned
back or if someone's going to help you
they did make it to land and you run now
19 years old lives in Berlin where she
is training for the 2020 Olympics in
Tokyo where she hopes to compete I sat
down with her to talk more about some of
the events in the book how she's finding
swimming in Germany how she takes care
of herself her work with the UN refugee
agency and crucially whether she ever
met her hero Michael Phelps you said in
your book the right way you kind of
didn't even have a choice that you
became a swimmer just by being born yeah
how you think about it I think I think
about it like differently now because
like now like I am all into it and
really passionate about swimming I mean
you you can ask anyone around me what's
like her top thing and they're like
swimming and everything so like yeah
when I was younger like I didn't really
choose to swim my dad was my coach and
yeah I just felt that I was just pushed
through the water and I ran away a lot
of times from training and hiding I was
like hiding behind my mom and after that
like the war started and all of that and
then I stopped one year and in this one
year I realized how important is
swimming
like to take me away from all this there
is like this community where you're
doing nothing you're just going party
and you're meeting new people and all of
that but it's experienced that will
never will not do anything for your
future life so I realized that no and I
had a goal before this year and yeah I
saw my team that they won bronze medal
and then I started to cry I wanted to go
back and then I talked to my parents and
then they said yes but they are not
responsible for anything exactly and so
now your training schedule is really
rigorous yeah what's a typical training
day like so I trained ten times swimming
a week four hours a day swimming only
and like on a Monday as example I wake
up and then go directly to swimming at
9:00 and then I have two hours swimming
then I drive to the gym I have one hour
and a half gym and then I have physical
therapy one hour and then after that I
have swimming again two hours and then
it will be like eight or nine and then I
eat and sleep
yeah normal yeah another day is like
Tuesday yeah I have also swimming German
lessons swimming and then also a little
bit athletics so you're living in Berlin
at the moment how are you finding the
German side of it going better like I
think a huge part is because of my
teachers and the people who are talking
all German with me and it's actually
nice because there is a lot of cultures
in Berlin just the only one bad thing is
the weather yeah everything else is
amazing yeah what's the weather like in
Syria it's amazing it's like always
sunny even if it's so cold there is Sun
as I kind of Spain yeah yeah so like
they say it's super cold when there is
Sun and there's a lot of a little bit of
wind feels like a semi question even
answer do you swim for like fun as well
are you always training when you're
swimming actually swimmers like never go
to a pool when they have free time cuz
like we have a lot like we're like I
don't want to see water right now but no
actually it's completely different it's
so much fun like to go like but we go
like summer more like beach and so on
like we don't go to a pool we're like
yeah it's so small for us you just go to
a beach like enjoy the Sun and all of
that yeah yeah but I mean having fun in
the pool so so much like nicer so you're
seeing the walls through a lot of travel
you went to Tokyo you went to Rio of
course and yeah Sicily recently in your
role is Unix your goodwill ambassador
how are you finding balancing all of
that amazing travel and really important
travel with your rigorous schedules it
is crazy and but it is like a great role
like I am representing a lot of refugees
around the world then sometimes those
travels are a little bit hard but but
they're like worth it as example Sicily
it was really like emotional and I saw
like I heard a lot of stories and I saw
a lot of kids alone without parents
without sisters or brothers and this
really broke my heart because you know
right now I can like raise my voice I
can talk about them I can tell the world
about them but I can't take them from a
country to another to live a better life
which is really heartbreaking but I'm
really actually grateful that I am a
goodwill ambassador for the UNHCR
because like um I realized how much
those people are working like for like
just helping other people you know if I
was a normal person I was not a refugee
I will never think of doing that so I
think those people are really great like
everything they're doing and if you can
imagine like the people they're all with
me on the trip they're running around
the whole day going get organizing and
all of that
just to help those people so yeah it's
great I don't know it's such a massive
scale of need as well I think that's
what's really hard to see here you know
these amazing stories from people you
want to help but it's hard to also not
confuse helping that specific person
with helping me fix the entire problem
because it's all so different
yeah another thing I was really struck
by from your trip to Sicily and also you
by about in the book is how you realize
how different everyone's refugees
stories are I can you talk a bit about
that and how some the refugees from
Africa so as example as example like you
know the world was astonished by my
story me and my sister but if you really
look about a lot of other stories my
story is not even 50% of how hard like
when I was in Sicily
like girls told us that they will they
were sold out and they had to do that
for quite a while and if it really broke
my heart I still till now I can't
believe that this is like really
happened to them that I could have been
one of them we all could have been one
of them and so the girl was talking to
me and telling me I have nothing in my
life and I am nothing I told her what
your nothing the trip you did you are
here standing talking to me you're like
stronger than any men in there at this
world so I really respect them and
they're like till now inspiring me I
also met a girl who's 12 she's alone she
crossed alone I couldn't I was like and
I'm complaining about like I don't know
a boat trip and she she crossed alone
she doesn't know where's her sister or
she didn't wanted to talk about her
parents her only which she knows only
that her brother is in Germany that's
all is that's why she's trying to get to
you yeah and now she is in Sicily and
she have to wait till she goes to
Germany you had this really difficult
relationship with the word refugee
initially you didn't like it that
shifted a bit now I mean it has always
been hard I mean till now I still get a
lot of comments from people even in my
life this is the sad thing but in the
beginning I was like no I don't want
don't tell me I am a refugee actually I
just came here because I wanted a better
life and all of that and that felt this
world is really heavy because like you
know people doesn't say it as as like
you are a refugee yeah we are working
you know your refugee you know like you
have nothing you've never done anything
in your life
you've been waiting for this trip to
heaven to happen all of your life so you
can take others people jobs or others
people's money and it's never true
because you know what I had a normal
life in Syria and this is what I tell
everyone some people tell me you started
swimming in Germany no I had the
swimming pool also in Syria and all of
that some people asked them do you have
a racing suit or an iPhone in Syria I
was like no it's only in Germany you
know means in Syria I studied about
Germany I studied about America I
started about a lot of history and I
know a lot of stuff happening but then
you can you come to them and then like
Syria where is it is it in Africa I like
ok it's not it's not that you know they
have to know it I'm not saying that but
it is a really asian city it's like
there it's full of history a lot of
people have to know where is that with
the Roman Empire with like Turkey what
happens yeah I think people see is
really separate from their lives yeah
and that makes it easier sometimes when
they're talking about refugees be like
oh it's just over there it's that
probably I know exactly what it's like
yeah a lot of people tell me like I post
a lot about my country and my Instagram
and I love that because like people when
they see the picture I post as this is
really the country is it like still
standing and I'm like yes it's so pretty
and actually it's really similar like
where I lived like in Damascus to Rome
because like an Italy like Italy reminds
me a lot of my country I'm always crying
when I'm there so yeah I just it's just
like painful sometimes because like
people doesn't understand that the other
countries who are refugees coming from
they're normal and yeah they have houses
and all of that at their lives there yes
valuable as any yeah exactly yeah so you
mentioned Instagram do you find the
instagrams been a good way for you to
kind of use your own voice and choose
what you share in the world well it's
it's a really useful tool actually
because yeah as I said I'm sharing a lot
of ideas I'm sharing what I'm doing in
my life and about refugees like facts
and all of that what working with the
NHC are
I'm showing the athlete I am I'm showing
the girl I am also you know and a lot of
people actually come to me asking why
when when they come to my Instagram they
ask you look like pretty normal if
someone came no one will even understand
that you've been through a rough life I
was like I am a normal person first of
all and second of all if I had a hard
life that doesn't mean that I'm gonna
talk about it the whole time or post
about it the whole time you know you
gotta move on and you gotta build your
life again because it is something
happened so you can move on and learn
from it not to just take it as something
just bad and yeah you know what I'm I've
been through a really rough trip and now
I'm gonna sit and cry about it you
always want to be talking about this
specific part of your life also because
like none of us would want to be always
talking about to be honest it has been
painful it's not that I mean you know I
was a really fun person and walking with
everyone like I've never like I don't
know been crying on a mission or
anywhere where I was doing interviews
but sometimes but sometimes after all of
that I'm like sometimes I sit and think
about it again and I'm like I we all I
cry and think about it it's it's not
that also like some people want some
someone says something negative to us
refugees you know I am the first one to
reply and say look you know nothing you
know nothing and if you really want to
know me come and see my life like but I
also don't blame them
some other people in my life didn't
realize that like my best friends they
they it took time till they like saw
everything about my life and saw how
hard I'm working yeah exactly so now
like you asked
at least she's she's like always saying
I have full respect for this person not
because she's my best friend but because
I see that she wants she's doing
something she's putting everything in it
I really like that and yeah I'm a person
who like if I'm doing something either
I'll do it in a perfect way or I'll just
not do it when it does we'll get too
much too much what are some things that
you do to kind of suit yourself
and make yourself I cry about you Craig
maybe like sit in a hot tub and cry like
five hours oh yeah don't forget
everything just get everything out or
just like I don't know talk to my mom
she's always like coming in to read the
room while my tears are like all over my
pillow so she says like some jokes or
something and yeah I think it's also
hard for her like seeing us like how how
painful it is for us and yeah I really
respect my mom because like I think
she's one of the reasons my mom and dad
like they're one of the reasons I am who
I am right now sometimes I am positive
because of the people around me my
management the people from UNHCR like my
ex coach also there they're people I
don't know if I'm gonna have them again
in my life so I really appreciate that
and they're always there as if I'm
crying they'll cry with me yeah or like
give me a brownie or something so yeah
and how your parents finding it because
I know that initially it was a it was a
very different kind of adjustment yeah
yeah it's it's still hard to know like
they're still learning the language it's
super hard for them and to be honest I
can't help them because I want them to
also stand on their feet alone I don't
want them to even now with how famous I
am I can't help them to be honest
because like they have to build their
own life again my dad actually started
now he's uh he is a lifeguard in a pool
and my mom is still learning the
language and still take care of my
little sister so yeah but they're better
than actually like with time is getting
okay yeah yeah and your sister Sarah is
doing a lot of activism and yeah yeah
actually now she is she's raising a fund
actually she want to reach the 5,000 for
for medical health actually in lesbos
for her birthday
I imagine even in her birthday she's
thinking about other people yeah I
really also respect her she's one of my
inspiration do you talk a lot still uh
well this is a little bit hard because
she's always busy working and I'm always
busy doing everything Oh
so so but yeah we're talking I mean we I
know what she's doing she knows yeah you
can keep pace to me yeah we have
different life now really super
different yeah me and my sisters are
like that we don't talk all the time but
we're always like exactly like I share
her oh did you ever get to speak to
Michael folks that was my question yes
they're also like my family they're
they're super nice we had like the last
commercial we did it's called well finds
away the rock was in it and a lot of
other really is inspiring athletes there
was like a boxer who's who was like 11
or 10 he's great he's doing boxing and
gymnastic I was like because whoa yeah
he was like why want to be one champ on
my own when I want to be - do you have
any other favorite swimmers is Michael I
mean I named Michael Phelps is like do
you want the one from England
sure yeah well here's a really nice guy
I've seen there in the Rio Olympics he
came out under the refugee flash yeah
which flag in an ideal situation which
you want to compete under the German
flag the refugee flag the Syrian flag
the the Olympic flag is actually the
biggest and when I was representing this
flag I was thinking about a lot more
countries than one or two countries I
was representing nations around the
world and it is it is the idea of it
it's that no matter what color you are
no matter who you are you're there as an
athlete yeah and you're competing you're
there's Michael Phelps here exactly like
him you're in the Olympics and this is
this is the idea actually of being there
no matter which flag I'm gonna represent
next Olympics it's gonna be all of them
gonna be in my heart and yeah I'm gonna
be really proud
to represent any flag of them yeah and
then the last note I do want to mention
is that you're over here talking about
your wonderful book butterfly which came
out in May you talking it about this
point in your life when you're getting
all of these requests like maybe we
should make a film A Wish to Disney we
can follow you around all the time how
did you come to the decision to do a
book before the Olympics we got like a
lot of book requests and movies requests
so and my my my response was no I was
like I'm gonna do that after the
Olympics and a lot of people were know
you're gonna lose the chance I was like
I don't care you know you wait matter at
next summer or something yeah some
people were like you won't matter after
the Olympics I don't care do you think I
care I was like this is my goal this is
my dream so I went there and I still
have interest so it was great and then
we got we got a great deal from the
company you're working title yeah it's
like what do you want more than that I
mean it's great team they're they're
incredible Stephen Daldry Jack Thorne
who do you hold more than that and yeah
it's really pleasure working with them
and also Blue Bird from the book
publishing house they're like the
sweetest people like I was here on a
tour for one week it was was so nice and
yeah I think I got lucky in that also
like I find that really right people and
how was the process did you like
was it hard to remember some things did
you have to go back yeah yeah we asked
like a lot sometimes I had to ask
someone or the people who were with us
to remember if that was true or not or
like the times specifically or like that
because like it was it was like one year
and a half after that or something you
know you never forget what happened but
sometimes like the dates
my sister would say something I'm like
no this didn't happen and then someone
else oh look this is this happened I
just this is great so yeah we were like
sometimes just fighting about if it's
true or not
but in the end someone like a third
person would come and say that who's the
right person yeah just come and be like
guys this is yeah like even like my ex
coach he remembers more than us because
we told him everything
okay yeah yes there was also yeah there
were a couple of journalists along the
way you met oh yeah Magdalena yeah
brilliant so you have you have those
yeah yeah well it's a brilliant book
yeah I read it in one sitting I couldn't
put it down and I've already been like
telling people like come on Peter Burke
read the book so yes that's butterfly it
is out now we're blue bird thank you so
much for taking time to speak with
pleasure thank you
