blue area around you'll see completely
capable that
he's not checking the table soldiers way
because each has a landing position with
the armrest then gradually bone is
securely fastened
so we'll be do it stars of our very own
Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants bill
my own patient
blacks Emily Marian Donna and I went to
pour food together in May a girls trip
we wanted to take few years and finally
with Emily battement Canada the timing
sort of working out with my visiting
home the island was a temporary paradise
Corinne has had many wounded and Luton
sirs Venetian British and her grief
support his longest owner has been
mythology it features and scripts the
bold is 1300 BC and it's oral history is
woven into the fabric of the great Greek
pantheon of storytelling the
anticipation of the trip we had made our
own mythology and rejected certain gods
I wouldn't look at my phone to check my
email or bring my laptop we divided up
the tasks finding places to eat drink
explore swim and in my case made a
playlist we all made a cognizant effort
to respect the rules we've made for
ourselves and each other this trip was
to be protected Oh
among us Emily was the only one who felt
comfortable driving lexan I don't even
have licenses and so she kinda
volunteered to drive the car if we've
rendered one around the cars to the
island the water was always there
patient waiting and we found it on
getting sent to the island
climbing goons sitting out on our hotel
patio at night eating a lot of that
prefer every day and being with each
other it's rare that we're all in the
same place these days the best group sex
is a place and this was about to come
together part of me felt like I was
still aware of the troops of girls trips
that I didn't know whether I was
experiencing something first hand or
reenacting what I'd seen somewhere but
in any case I was there with people I
loved in sunsets at night lastly dressed
up the unit for volume and a/c still
waiting was there to watch too patient
and like a thundering on
you
we hiked to a remote Bay where the water
was clear I felt like I've been made a
secret keeper currently two parts of the
bay naturally a little cool and
refreshing up the sweaty heights
and then we made our way back
you
on our last day we headed into Christie
town before sunset and it clear that the
items passed most clearly delimited
Venetian buildings and very European
black earth
you
we've eaten so well every day fresh and
delicious food that is much thought like
the soundtrack to our holiday a Time
Lord era and the Jurassic Park scene as
dusk fell around Earth and our credits
roll as water out of water
just out of sight Madonna but still
there - through the history of the
island there when the query absorbing
canoe and the castle says good for the
road with interest or in a win over new
keyboardist Lamb and speed and it made
me think how strange we are how
destructive and yet how hopeful
you
