here's the video i intend to upload
today until I changed my mind at a very
very very last minute late on a Friday
night and decided to upload this instead
every time I post a video but like my
feelings and my anxieties or in any way
expressed those on the internet there
were so many of you who are like me to i
feel exactly the same way where i feel
very very similar i also know a lot of
you have graduated and over this weird
disgusting limbo whole thing or you were
just in that stage in your career
because of what the economy is liking
you know that sort of stuff and I had
this realization today which came the
very end of a week of panic attacks and
just things that I've never experienced
before I have felt that inability to
breathe in that complete constriction
and tension everywhere I feel that often
in fact more than I should but it was
really bad this week it was it came out
of nowhere it felt like it came out of
nowhere and every time I even talked
about it like I was having a
conversation with K on the bus about
very you know basic things I just
couldn't deal with it I felt really
packing already stressed and wherever I
watched television programs which
involved casual characters making stupid
decisions I felt the stress of that
stupid decision more than I should and
two everything's just heightened this
week and I finally realized like an hour
ago that the reason that was is because
I am too busy playing ahead like in my
head i have lived out 2013 04 2013 has
even happened in my head I'm already in
september-october journey extent it has
to be like that because you have to make
plans I suppose or at least I've always
thought you've had to make plans I don't
know whether that's necessarily true
they aim high because I want to get
there and I really am very ambitious in
everything no i do i feel myself as
though it is sep tember and I'm
frustrated with myself for not achieving
what I want to achieve it's like wait a
minute it's the middle of January calm
down I remember people is telling me
that because you know I had a job and
because i was very organized because i
did a lot of extracurricular stuff
people telling me are you know it
university or just after university
people will be learning things that you
love to do and you are 15 or 16 years
old or even younger because you had
those experiences and because you took
on that responsibility and because also
to an exciting you took things seriously
and i remember thinking oh I'm so lucky
that I did
early i'm so lucky that I was driven
from a young age now I wonder whether I
have to learn or maybe they learn at
that age and that is that kind of be a
little more laid back or do I have to
behave more like I should have behaved
them to like balance everything out to
make like an equilibrium what of it all
I I honestly don't know as I say I have
ambitions have ambitions for the year
and for my life and my career and my
career creatively as well which isn't
completely distinct from my career i
also have ambitions because i want to go
and see my family in Mexico and I want
to go and see my friends in the US and I
want to travel in general and because I
want to really use my skills and a job
and because I want to launch all these
different projects that have buzzing you
aren't in my head yeah-ah-ah anxiety
week man came outta nowhere I'm hoping
that now I realize a lot of it is
because I've been living in the future
and not letting myself just be in
January for a second and partly probably
because I hate January hopefully a lot
of that will just fall away but I don't
know like do i do you think that do you
feel like you've already lived up this
year before it's even started or do you
still feel like you're in 2012 let me
know in the comments and we'll see you
guys on Monday Monday five
to calm myself down I am temporarily
burning Kaylee's and recovery and fitch
candle which is a really epic enrich it
is mahogany teak wood but it smells like
abercrombie hot people
