South image 2013
not that much has changed I still love
the same books my hair is longer I still
turn to hot baths in bath bombs to solve
the days that need fixing and more often
than not it works for a little while
I'm 21 which means that people are
telling me if though I'm supposed to
know what I want to do and people are
telling me that I'm not supposed to know
what I want to do is draw things and
write things and paint my nails pink
pink glittery and listen to Taylor Swift
because for some strange reason it makes
sense to me and my my my school to find
my bike a lot more this year I work in
retail and by night I apply for jobs
that's all I do
apart from clothing and writing and
reading and spending time with friends
writing on sent letters and starting new
projects I know what I want
there's a list just not really sure how
together
to be honest I don't like what I see in
the mirror yes there's a person who's
trying to be brave but he was really
really afraid that she's not enough
dreadfully inadequate as Silvia would
say
I'm proud of my friends I miss those who
are here with me but I'm excited to see
those I'll be seeing soon I still like
cashew nuts are called red ring
quotations
this is what my room looks like when I'm
at work all week this is what I put on
my face and this is me
