hi everyone happy new year I spent the
last week of last year and the first
week of this one re reading old
favorites because when I find myself in
times of trouble literature comes to me
speaking words of wisdom read I
revisited alabaster boarding school we
read the case files of the little girls
and even did a bit of the Heathcliff
Heathcliff I also reread a spot of
nonfiction including Andrew Smith's moon
dust andrew smith in moon dust
endeavours to speak to the nine
surviving moon walkers and then there
were eight and find out about their
lives upon their return to earth the
thing I love about rereading when I
don't really get the chance to do that
so much anymore is concentrating on
other aspects of the story that you
didn't notice on the first go around
it's as true for nonfiction as it is for
fiction rereading moon does that can
help but notice the power that can be
done and the damage that can be done by
language and how much this is a book
about language and about rhetoric
specifically the phrase the space race
Jeff his goal and the language
surrounding that to a target and the
time frame but races are necessarily
limited and what they are over they are
passed throughout the book Smith
observes how people repeatedly choose
fictional representations of space
exploration over its reality something
that as a fan of sci-fi I realize makes
me a little bit frustrated with myself
because if I do exactly the same but
indulge me as we go into the magical
world of etymology etymology of race in
this sense dates back to Old North in
the 1300 race was used to mean the
rushing or running of water it's only
around 15 10 that rate becomes used in
the sense of a contest or competition
for 200 years a race didn't mean having
a winner or even in ending it was
instead an active natural process of
course space race is a phrase that was
created to perform a specific function
it forms a function in the sense of the
political and also in raising public
excitement about this thing this thing
being space exploration as a whole but
whittled down to one thing walking on
the moon before the other guys do we
think of things in terms of races
because it's easier and because it
focuses us it's also appearing in my
opinion because it allows us to get away
with not sustaining our interest or
sustaining the discussions surrounding
the supposed prize of the space race or
of anyways so maybe I'll focus should
shift from small limited races and we
should discuss not how to win the race
but why something deserves our sustained
interest
corollary to that our resources because
these sorts of things tend to require
money and time and energy and attention
so a question to begin 2013 2k13 the
year 13 or two questions in fact what in
your opinion deserves are sustained
interest and what has been
mischaracterized as a race it can be
something personal it could be something
international whatever you want it to be
have a lovely weekend and I will see you
guys on Monday
