the light in this room is very dramatic
in the thermal 2012 right before I
graduated uni I made a video called five
years time about where I'd like to be
and what I'd like to have done in five
years time and those years have passed
so quickly oh my goodness sometimes
winter told me that it had been five
years and it was time to make a new one
and I couldn't really believe it because
that didn't feel so long ago but looking
back at that video I got a real sense of
where I was then like it really put me
back in that part means shoes
what I found important why I valued what
I wanted and to be honest one of the
things that I didn't know about where my
life would take me having said that and
without sounding self-indulgent it
really made me feel proud of all the
things that I have accomplished in these
past five years and it was a nice place
taking stock of things that have
happened rather than the whole rolling
and wanting of things that I feel like I
haven't done right where I haven't been
good enough for if the tasks I recommend
whether you want to do it publicly or
privately in broad terms and the way
that I did or about it specifically like
where you want to have gone something
related to your career something related
to your personal life and personal
growth
they card for don't put too much
pressure on yourself or your goals for
today at this hour
this minute they didn't have to be your
goals tomorrow but now on my last day of
being 25 over to talk to you my new list
and reflect on some of the things that I
said five years ago so in five years
time I'm going to be thirty about 1031
and in five years time I'd light has
been to Asia India Japan Australia and
New Zealand I like to be paying mortgage
and a place of my own or let's be more
realistic have a substantial deposit
that will at some point go down to you
know prop to your plan but I'm doing big
here I'd like to have published in the
law and be making time from writing
every single day this is one that has
come up from my recent festival
adventures
I'd like to be the first person at the
barrier when the festival gates open and
carried there by weak strong running
legs that maybe done like a half
mountain oh gee I'm not going to put too
much pressure on that aspect of it I'd
like to be friends with everyone or
friends with right now keep in touch
with those who boobs away and be friends
but even more people who inspire me and
excite me and make me laugh I'd like to
be eating seasonally and locally but
possible I just read a bunch of books
about climate change and they made me
even more aware of the fragility of this
I'd like to be a better communicated
with my family I let's play tennis
regularly every now and then I try and
get back into it and I'm not that good
but hopefully that's something that will
change I like to be making videos
regularly of how things that are
important to me and of community and
respect the time that I've set aside for
it I hope to have visited more refugee
camps and for the crisis to more
people's attention in five years time I
would like to have learned more about
the world whether that's just through
night classes reading or conversation I
won't go through all of the left cyber
it five years ago but I put a card up
here so you can watch it and I'll put in
the description as well but here are
some reflection at five years ago I said
that I'd love to have a story I was
proud of published and it's funny cuz
that's obviously on my next list as well
as 11:30 but I remember it's a different
kind of feeling for me when I said that
five years ago I said I liked order to
be worse than the second one
and that really played into the sense
that I'm running out of time you know
like I'm Alexander Hamilton in non-stop
just just panicking running out of time
it reminds me of when I was 5 or 6 and
14 each me like the oldest age could
possibly be because I was the age that
my older sister was and I remember
saying is writing down somewhere but I
can't ever find it I remember definitely
saying well I'm 14 I didn't have noble
mouths plural novels and that's
something that has always been a measure
of me because it's always felt like it
had to I don't know it's how to exist to
prove that I'm a writer there's
something that I really want to do
because there were stories that I I am
trying to tell and I haven't quite
managed to tell with the growth of my
career and my confidence and my
understanding of where I need to make
time I write more because I love it more
than ever and less because I need to
prove that I'm a writer I said I hope
they still be living with friends and I
have the lipid friends for many many
years but I now actually live alone and
I really like it Indianapolis read
practice who allows me the luxury of my
own space and I've really enjoyed
understanding more about my patterns and
my behavior I feel completely
uninhibited at home especially when it
comes to making food and playing music
and just being in my body and that's
been priceless so I said I wanted to
have lived in London so I saw myself in
Chicago California and as everyone knows
Indianapolis is the LA of the Midwest
something like that I never saw myself
to a nor imagine that I would
because why would I but I say great
flying we've test because I learned so
much this experience in so many ways it
was the perfect time of my life to do it
I noted to make the most of my time
being alive it sounds very vague and
existential but just to try anything
with and live in new places and meet
different people and not be having the
same people around you all the time
it's been hard at times but I'm glad I
did it I'm so glad I had sisters and a
mother who had all at some point I've
rooted themselves and moved to another
country to the point that money in visas
were only ever a question never the
Worth and value of it my travel goals
were hilariously similar I said that I
wanted to go to Africa and Asia and see
Petra and I wanted to have Interrail
this is an early idea I was in Doral
next September and I think September
because I want to do an EU farewell tool
and that's going to kind of manifest
ourselves in different ways I still have
a veggie patch sure but I did go to
Jordan in 2016 with John and to visit
the refugee camps there has to be
deserving refugees and that was I think
easily the most important trip I've ever
taken in my life I do you think now my
travel goals sometimes less about seeing
things and more about listening to
people and trying to amplify them
without falling into the traps of
poverty tourism or speaking over people
or framing their story in a certain way
I completely forgot that I said that I
wanted to be a pro camera equipment of
making video to other countries because
that is a completely form of the charts
of my desire I'm still not a pro I use
the exact same camera that I used in the
videos and I love this camera and I
don't feel the need to upgrade to much
else you know maybe get some new lenses
and so on but I like the level of camera
absolute that I have I am excited to try
new things with my skills that I know
and build their skills in relation to
what I want to see do the camera does it
one kids I don't have any kids I said I
wanted to have met JK Rowling I actually
did I met her well I met her in signing
of Casual Vacancy
for like 20 seconds that I also on that
night at the Southwest center there's
big haul of people of two of the back
and I got an obscure question about
death so in that sense yes but I still
would love to like sit down and have a
chat and then I think maybe your
lifelong goals my
but yet it's just still touch a hair
agreed so I said that I didn't wasn't
happy at my overdraft and just have a
student loan and I'm really proud of
this one because I'm not in my overdraft
I do just have a student loan I really
do some reason locked him last year this
year on the idea of paying off my
student loan completely and I have about
six thousand six hundred pounds left to
pay my personal goal was to pay my
student in Motown to be six that's what
can happen I still want to recognize the
achievement because you may be able to
tell from the language in my all the
video I fully expected to be paying that
loan off until I was well into my
thirties or forties I said let's have an
office and I do have an office I go into
it every day I love the separation
between my work at home and my work at
work mode if that makes any sense and
because sometimes even though I am doing
work at home it's just really nice to
like go in sit down at your desk like
what are we going to do today still be
friends with my friends I think I'm
still friends with pretty much everyone
I was friends with when I was 20 still
be one mostly blonde at this bit it's
getting ever darker but yeah mostly
blonde the last movie in laughs is said
I'd like to have seen the killing
several times this was around when their
previous album came out and I had seen
them but like not that much and at the
beginning of August this month I saw the
killer twice in one week I have tickets
to see them six other types this year I
was like to get the most weight festival
not terrible I don't know some ribs make
that but I have tickets even twice in
November and four times during their
January February tour in the US so I
think my past self would be proud I'm so
excited
I did make promise myself though and see
the next time they're talking you around
as many times when kids and I'm
currently living up to that but yes it's
bonkers bonkers I say what are your
classified this time if you have any
questions that mine also leave it in the
comments let's get discussing and
psychology reminder for 2022 to go back
and look and see where you got see you
in 1825 days goodbye
