in my six and a half years on youtube I
have received many different types of
comments but there is one in particular
that always mystifies me I think it's
because of what it has to say about
people's expectations and the reality
what oh my god i would anyone say that
why would anyone even fake that why i
hate you i am so glad you left I never
wanted you here anyway I think it's
really pathetic that you have to tell me
that you are subscribed because
obviously I'm completely okay with it
like oh my god I'm never watching The
West Wing again there's the opposite of
Batman and check my youtube comments hey
no that's funny but let's just kiss him
Griff another turn that Stern upright
for the nine jobs I could go running oh
I could watch some West Wing something
right
