hi everyone so there's no Rosie answers
today because I wanted to talk instead
about something that has really been on
my mind for the past few days since I
heard about it and since I got really
angry when I first heard about it and
the University from which I graduated
this summer the University of Exeter has
its annual safer sex book and this is
about every single year where people go
along in the underwear and the underwear
is kind of themed to a specific theme
things like circus and fantasy and that
sort stuff it's a big event I think it's
one of the biggest student events in the
UK and it raises a lot of money for
world aids day AIDS awareness AIDS
prevention and also just safer sex
awareness this year however the people
in charge of the event have chosen
tribal as their theme which just I can't
believe was even an option now I loved a
lot about that University but there were
some times when any time you raise a
concern about what people were doing
such as blackface some people blacking
up for parties which is something that
people did with surprising and
terrifying frequency and that it was
just banter and that I should chill out
and that you know political correctness
gone mad too quick Russell Howard a
little bit and this has happened again
on a larger scale they have been
students who are really unhappy with the
theme and are saying that it is a racist
theme and then immediately you get
larger groups of students thinking that
racial discussions are a popularity
contest and contingent on how many
people like a Facebook page saying oh
well you just think you're stupid like
this is common sense that this is not a
racist theme we are not racist the
hardest thing I've experienced when
talking to people about race is this
immediate defensiveness this idea that
anything you do is okay because you're
in your head and you don't mean to hurt
anyone and so everything's fine and
everyone else will see it that way that
seems like a very nice mental place to
come from but I fully accept that a lot
the things that I do nowadays without
even thinking about it are going to be
things that future generations are going
to be in shock that we even do and that
we could even think certain ways and
that we could even do certain things so
I'm not saying that my actions and my
thoughts and my words are in any way in
real criticism is some kind of universe
time spanning post-racial post
discrimination world like that's not the
world in which we live and people are
just completely denying that context you
as well it's a massive issue because the
University of Exeter is a predominantly
white university it has such situations
in the past the students have been made
to feel extremely unhappy about the
racial comments that there
overhearing but worst of all it is a
petri dish of that common excuse it's
just a bit of banter so if you're bear
with me for a second let's go back to
18th century enlightenment Europe at
that time of see people were exploring
around the world and there was this big
move to classify everything when I
studied this it was reminded me of that
bit in Adam and Eve when Adam names all
the animals naming something gives you a
power over it immediately that gives you
power over it because you're naming it
you're calling it something it was this
language that was used to classify
people as well as animals phone that it
was a project of homogeneity it was
lumping people together and it was also
not just saying these other people with
other cultures that were being
encountered were not they were also less
than us and they could be grouped
together in certain ways their behavior
was similarly violent or similarly
uncivilized blah blah blah the term
tribal itself reminds me a lot of the
way in which people use the word Africa
people talk about Africa as there is a
country in itself and have no care for
the specific countries within it and the
fact that it is a very diverse continent
with lots of extremely different
cultures within it it's kind of because
people don't take the time to think
about it and just use these stereotypes
already exist and perpetuate them Jeremy
Bentham's panopticon is something that
comes in a lot with waste theory and I
do recommend reading up on the
panopticon and then also reading on
fucose writing spots as well because
it's kind of important in a way so in
this predominantly white space a person
of color in the University of Exeter is
already going to become hyper visible
they call it in race theory it's not
like Bentham and Foucault as well picks
up from saying and disciplining the body
without touching the body that sense of
sight and how powerful site is in
disciplining people and ordering people
and making them function in certain ways
that work to promote this dominant
ideology it's not just a fact of how
many people from whatever background the
university's accepting or not accepting
or not taking into account etc etc etc
it's also the fact that tribal whatever
that supposed to mean has become
something spectacular has become
something weirdly fetishized as well and
also has fit into this very marketable
stereotype that we see in television and
film and literature and Halloween
costumes a way of talking about other
people that actively fetishizes and
homogenizes multiple cultures that plays
back into this idea that whiteness is no
motive and tribal and everything
associated with that term is other and
it's just so frustrating that people
don't get it but further than that that
people being dismissed by it and I just
I can't understand what group of people
would think that this is an okay thing
to do anyway so basically I've just been
really disappointed about that and it's
got to me because I feel a little
powerless in the situation and it just
reminds me of how I felt on certain
occasions when I was at University and
the same sort of thing would happen and
you're just like I don't I don't get it
I don't understand why you think this is
okay but I realized that I wasn't
powerless because I have my voice and my
voice as laci green said gives me power
and that's why I have video blogs and
yeah anyway so now I kind of got that
off my chest and spoken about it a
little bit I am going to go and enjoy my
Thanksgiving know my flat thanksgiving
we have made lots of yummy food and my
friends are all coming around and it
would be really good time so just go say
bye bye guys
