or because I'm tired and the floor is
the nearest seat I'm also cold which is
why I'm wearing pajamas intended for a
child seeing us thankfully because of
payday it is nearing the end of the
month I thought I would talk about my
going up and going down in November
going up when my flatmate Katie's mother
came to visit she brought us some really
really beautiful blue ceramic mugs I
Walsh was muggy to mine was blue she
also brought us some tea from Seattle
and me being a British snob was like oh
my god what do they network teen Seattle
come on turns out they know a couple of
things the tea she brought me was called
market spice orange and cinnamon tea you
may have heard of it you may have tried
it if you haven't tried it oh my gosh
you have to try it the tea is so good
that I was considering spending 32
pounds on having i think it was 50 bags
of it just shipped over to me I don't
remember that cave is going home for
Christmas so she can just bring it back
for me yay I'm just in love with this
tea was so warming and so cinnamony but
not excessively cinnamony and a little
bit citrusy but not too citrusy but I
actually finished all the team so yeah
my bad kind of related to that will so
another beverage mulled wine I don't
know how many of you drink mulled wine
every year when it gets to the Christmas
or seasonal or just cold time of year
I've started this year's batch of mulled
wine and I've had a really good few
sessions perfecting the art of how to
make the flavors come out of it but also
not be to better the one I've been
drinking is the marks and spencers Brad
and what I found is if you cut half an
orange into little wedges and he put
that in a saucepan as your heating up
the mulled wine have if ideally sticks
of cinnamon but you can use cinnamon
powder as well and then some sugar and
that makes it all just amazing you could
actually even add a little cup of water
because the mark suspects is one it is
really bitter and dry unless you add the
magical concoction so mulled wine
prepared properly oh it just makes me so
happy also going up this month strangely
domestic tasks I've been doing things
like cleaning mold of my bathroom walls
and raking the leaves in the patio that
we have outside removing large panes of
glass left here by the previous tenants
they like that but I really appreciated
it in a way that I don't think I ever
did when I was living at home and doing
this family activities activities chores
it's really nice to work on your living
base and make it something more your own
even if these are steps that everyone
who's lived here has taken it yeah it
just makes you feel like something is
yours when you're taking good care of it
I suppose maybe that's a really selfish
outlook on the world maybe if we were
better people we would just feel good if
we were taking care of everything i do
feel good when I take care of other
people's things but it's also nice to
have something that's yours or
communally yours if you live with a few
people another thing going up this month
is the music that we have in the UK the
band's the events are it's just so good
there's so much stuff coming up you have
so much homegrown talent and then many
of my favorite us bands are actually
coming to play in the UK or have already
played in the UK Achilles have played
sadly didn't get to see them doors are
playing at the Notting Hill Arts Club
and I won't be able to see them either
the event brothers are playing as well
at some point I think they're playing
next year but the tickets are on sale
now so there's just the so much going on
it's just a lot there's just a lot going
on it's all exciting and it's all
musical and it's making me wish that I
was as up-to-date as I used to be with
the music the music scene I've been
listening to a lot of songs from
summertime Wiggly and just not this
summer just summer times in general
things like micro no pop I love it and
I've also been listening to that song
that goes and I just came to say hello
that one beautifully sung the final
thing going up the humble tealight the
guys I live with a really into candles
they love candles they spend a lot of
money or consider spending a lot of
money on candles and that's their
favorite thing to get I really like
candles as well one of my sisters got me
really amazing hand off my 21st birthday
that just smells absolutely incredible
it's burnt out now which is really sad
but my favorite thing is the tea light
and tea lights and jam jars just look so
beautiful and they look so I don't know
I think that's the holiday season for me
that kind of reflective light that it's
recall outside and it's a little bit too
windy for it to be logically possible
for these candles to stay alight but
they do by the magic of magic and then
sometimes the work spills over and the
tea light is stuck at bottom of a jam
jar that this part they delight as well
I'm starting to think I'm a bit weird
but there we go as you know I post new
videos every Monday Wednesday and Friday
so the going down video hahahahaha will
be up on Wednesday you can also now
watch the TEDx talk that I gave
I'll put a link to that in the
description bar below and if you like
this video and you haven't subscribed to
the channel yet you can subscribe up
there you can like it and share it and
comment I like comments and video
response and all of the things okay okay
guys look so big with this lens Oh lens
