how did we get here half the year has
passed that moments go I was in my
kitchen making pancakes from oats or
shrimp used a thinking about talking
about fasting versus using thinking
about the concept of using up thinking
about how when you spend the first
fourteen or fifteen years of your life
celebrating Lent it's hard to get out of
the habit and how Lenten meant spring or
long day trying to make my way out of
the nothing that sugar disappearing into
the lemon I want to be in my old kitchen
blue tiles and bright red brick arch
into a small room with orange washed
paint British countertop and Mexican
color schemes I can hear myself asking
for a Mickey Mouse hot cake please from
March through June mid-july I click from
the Middle East in vegetarian cookbook
when I can't do it all and I didn't cook
much and where am I now I'm in the dark
I never think to make my own seasoning
that so many recipes in this book called
four seven spice seasoning that I
followed the instructions distilled with
seven parts and then brought them
together the contents of that span
nutribullet jar is at the center of so
much I made during this time fresh
dishes I wouldn't think to spice breads
warm from the other tabbouleh is a
Syrian and Lebanese dish it comes from
the mountain region its origin is found
in the words to seasoning or dip how
fitting that it was the first thing I
made with myself is by seasoning
The Onion's made me cry a lot today I
just made a big bowl of the green
lentils to be lace from the Middle
Eastern vegetarian cookbook hmm
today was an interesting one because I
must have a lot there no no something
more today like even though nothing
catastrophic happened felt like a wreath
bad work day I really you know that's
all that's all me
pyon onto myself that's not and anyone
else just frustrating when I feel like I
can't do my job well when my head just
takes over and I can't know if I can do
well it just gets really overwhelming to
just keep swimming you know I just keep
thinking of that train I think I can I
think I can that's what it's like
I really don't want these to be gloomy
times then in dark corners flashes
strung together of bad days like
imperceptible threat of a cobweb for one
it felt self-indulgent for two I want
these to be stories of victory and glory
the story of how cooking fixed it all my
former enemy my best friend I continue
to seek for a solution either when I
pretend about gray matter I still want
it to stop and playing in that round
makes me feel like a child the past few
months I could barely be in front of the
camera every part of me felt like it was
swollen taking up too much room
repulsive grotesque when the days there
was above water I tried to prepare the
way I pulled back down we're making a
lot making bright things that we live in
my fridge and entice me often it felt
like I was cooking a banquet for ghosts
but I didn't know whether the ghost was
me or everyone else I can't speak juice
or things that have been left behind
and usual the strange thing is there
were a lot of days that were completely
wonderful
I spoke to friends went to work travel
to beautiful places read books pored
over the new albums my favorite and then
I had to come back to the kitchen or the
Skype call would end or I'd catch a
reflection for time difference cut off
the text conversation and it would be
back reminding me that it in fact and
never left I was really frustrated when
teaching my videos into the past few
months to find that I had not looked at
the camera at all family day talked
about who I was feeling what was going
on my brain other than that one day but
then realized that too said something
seasonings and spices aside this month
featured a lot of lemon
when pressed in the great debate I will
always pick a line but lemons were there
again and again and again I was given
lemon but I could not make Beyonce's
lemonade
looking back if I'm to find a metaphor
in this or something to cling on to I
say that you could never quite get all
of the lemon juice out or that sometimes
it feels like you've been turning around
and around forever or that lemon
preserve it keeps the color that we
associate lemons of acidity but also
with some of the sweetest things that we
drink there are so many directions to go
possible sunshine possible sharpness but
I didn't see any of this while I was
going through it well I was going
through it I was going through the
motions
appreciating the method of it and the
time that I had put aside to make and to
take care of myself whether that was the
present or the future self but I was
never really there I didn't feel the
presence and presence
I felt distant for myself this past few
months and I don't know what the
solution is there nor the cause I just
know that it's helpful to look back at
this and see the color and what I've
missed
and while knowing that some of that is
externally added and all of it is framed
through the frame I choose there's still
something bad to talk about still
something bad to celebrate
still a meal a banquet in fact to be
laid out whether or not my attendees
people okay
