hi there mr. Obama thank you so much for
watching my videos as you do obviously
three times a week every week Congrats
obviously on the big night I hope you
drank a lot of water today and let's get
right to it there's a program called the
west wing which I'm inside a little bit
of fun if you haven't seen it you should
borrow the box set off david axelrod or
any of your communication staff speech
writing staff seeing as we have clearly
fans the program anyway so in this
program which takes place in the White
House there's a very charismatic
president he's a Democrat and his core
jed bartlet Josiah Bartlet and he's
played by Martin Sheen his favorite
phrase is established in the very first
episode of the series and it's these two
words much much that's my question for
you you have four years without having
to worry about re-election ever hate to
break it to you you're not running for
anything ever again so about it many
people today are saying the reason that
you want is you connected with those
minority voters that are so easily
ignored by Republican candidates so
great that's fab I'm happy for you but
what's next there's a massive turnout
from Hispanic voters in fact it's
estimated that of all the votes cast in
this presidential election ten percent
of them were cast by Hispanic voters
that's 11.8 million people pretty much
the population of London crazy this is
actually pretty representative of the
Hispanic population of the US fifteen
percent of the US population is hispanic
and according to census information
hispanics account for about fifty
percent of the population growth in the
United States and an estimated ten
percent of the US population speaks
Spanish why am I reminding you of these
things that you already obviously know
because your foreign policy debate was
crap don't worry it wasn't just you it
was Romney it was the questions it was
pretty much everything about it if the
course of the past few months foreign
policy discussions have consisted of
whether or not china isn't evil prep
team and taking over the world whether
or not we should carpet burner on the
issue with the US consulate and Ben's
Auggie and Libya and I'm really terrible
excuse for a discussion surrounding
Israel and Palestine in which Palestine
is never mentioned I think you're great
with foreign policy outside of the terms
of you know in the left
campaign and newspapers are writing
about how wonderful it is but once again
you manage to highlight the importance
of a united country in your acceptance
speech last night you talked about it
really well the idea of the United
States of America and then on other
occasions you and Romney and basically
everyone who has ever campaigned for
public office in the u.s. talk about how
America is the greatest country in the
world blah blah blah I like you guys i
watch most of your television programs
and I get it I do you guys don't have
the word great in the title of your
country so you have to make up for it by
talking about it all the time but when
you have this huge Hispanic voting base
and you're talking how Great America is
and how America is the greatest country
it sometimes makes me want to hit myself
because America isn't a country it's a
continent for the way you talk about it
it looks like this when actually that's
kind of a lot water your continent and I
don't want to shock to anything but
you're actually a land mass and there's
all this bit as well now you've talked
about how United you want America to be
can we talk about the global community
or at least the American community the
community of the American continent I
know I have this accent of the blond
hair and everything but I'm actually
half Mexican and half English and all of
me is extremely concerned about what's
happening Mexico at the moment and above
all the fact that people who are leading
us don't seem to be acknowledging the
role the US plays in everything that's
going on in Mexico currently it's
estimated that mexican drug cartels
control ninety percent of the drugs
entering the USA drugs isn't then a
national issue it becomes an issue of
foreign policy to date over 25,000
mexicans have died as a consequence of
the mexican drug wall and I wonder where
these drug cartels can be getting their
guns from I am genuinely very happy that
you want and I hope in the next four
years you can demonstrate even better
foreign policy with your surrounding
country's foreign policy isn't just
about the whole issue that's happening
abroad it's also about your neighbors
and the things that happen in one part
the continent have a direct effect on
other countries within that continent I
really appreciate the work you've done
in your support for immigrants over the
past four years and actually even before
that but I do hope that there are some
great intercontinental projects on the
horizon in the next four years
to hope that your re-election has given
you the power and encourage you to be
able to talk about issues such as gun
control and really really fight for them
because tighter controls of gun
ownership would have the security of
your country would also help Mexican I
get out of his mouth so that it systems
can feel secure so that's my big
question for you Obama what's next
thanks bye
