every week when my mom go to see my
granny for Sunday lunch she gives us the
magazines and other supplements from the
Sunday Times that was my dad's favorite
paper and although it's not mine there
was one page of the Style section that I
really liked it's basically trend
forecasting in a really nice pictorial
fashion and I also loved Christina
Horner's videos of things i'm into for
each month and so copying that slightly
every month I'm going to do a going up
video and the more amusingly titled
going down video yes you are still on
YouTube not pornhub so going up in
October the Casual Vacancy by JK Rowling
of course that book technically came out
at the end of sep tember but me and
everyone I know has taken quite a while
to read it just savoring it and savoring
the luxury of not having to rush through
it find out what happened to Harry the
Casual Vacancy the story told in many
parts with multiple narratives it said
in the fictional town of pagford which
is in the West Country narration flicks
between people of varying social status
within this town characters such as
crystal who lives on an estate and
Samantha who lives in a very
middle-class very nice house Andrew
simon and Ruth who lies somewhere in
between there's parminder he's a doctor
who lives with her husband and her
daughters and the story is told from a
number of other perspectives as well
there's the first thing to note about
this book it feels extremely populated
my favorite thing about JK Rowling's
writing has probably always been the
dialogue I think she's amazing at
writing dialogue she's so funny but not
in a forced way and I just love love
love love reading her dialogue this book
is full of dialogue but it also asked
questions about the significance of
local council council elections and the
relationship between people and their
supposing ruling parties whether the
people who are in control of certain
decisions are really the right people
for that job and have the understanding
of the people that they are making
decisions to affect the delightful
genoise at the Daily Mail called it a
500-page socialist manifesto I can
imagine her saying that scathingly and a
coat made baby puppies while dragging on
a long cigarette holder what do you
think a socialist manifesto is a good or
a bad thing for a book to become
personally I don't think it's the worst
thing that it could be the Casual
Vacancy calls into question how we
interact one another and why that
matters why we have to see a little
farther than our echo chambers there was
a certain pleasure in reading books that
someone had just clearly enjoyed writing
so much not the best book I've read this
year and I wouldn't rave about a
different Street to Street but that's
not to say that it was in any way
average or bad so that's where I felt
about Casual Vacancy by JK Rowling it is
strictly on my going up list the second
item on it comes after i was sent an
email by a company called caseville who
asked me whether i could review one of
their products live on a video blog and
I was at first a little bit like
skeptical because I don't you don't like
to do product placement stuff or
anything it seems like product business
stuff but I thought I'd give it a shot
and be very transparent about the fact
that they sent this to me but it was
great this is a that took place that
they sent me and you can pick from like
some of the artists designs on the
website and so I picked this one because
i thought was beautiful and it's really
durable and I like it a lot it's
replaced my owls case which was a very
hard feat I trust it with my laptop he
may the third and final it like someone
by going up for this month is related to
the gossip girl video that I posted the
other week now I got a couple of
comments and have received a couple of
comments over the last few months from
people saying I should watch Pretty
Little Liars I have a confession to make
I have watched 40 episodes of pretty
little liars over the past fortnight it
was only recently that preceded our
lives came out on DVD in the UK and it's
just like it's just so addictive but
it's also not terrible every time I
watch an episode of Pretty Little Liars
I'm just amazed that they've maintained
this thriller feeling of it and even
though I just fundamentally disagree
with some of the things on this program
aria and Ezra for example even though
Ezra is beautiful in so many ways it's a
story that's just told really well I
suppose we could say am i watching it
for the writing writing research that's
why I watched 40 episodes of it i will
see you on Wednesday for be going down
video and until then I will see you guys
later bye
