so as I'm sure you all know gossip girl
returns to our screens this evening yeah
this is the final series of gossip
growth is very going to be 10 episodes
left and every time I think oh I'm never
gonna watch it again it's the worst
program in the world why are they doing
this to all the characters just what it
is everything I hate everyone I changing
the following week because I like to
call myself pain and also I write about
it anh Li news.com sissy is this a final
series I thought I'd run you up to
what's happened up to this point who
knows maybe I'll drag some you down with
me and you can watch what is an
underrated and high-quality cultural
enterprise a finest writing or a
generation or something previously on
Gossip Girl Serena van der Woodsen's
back and her ex best friend Blair
Waldorf isn't too happy about it blehs
boyfriend Nate paid by chace crawford
who is so attractive yet it's never
given any personality whatsoever the way
I see Serena we got with her at the
Shepherd wedding while unknown to them
creepy but rich Chuck Bass was watching
meanwhile in Brooklyn lonely boy Dan
Humphrey has always had a crush on
Serena a recurring theme which makes no
sense because she is so annoying and as
she saw back in rejecting her social
circles etc etc he gets his chance and
they start going out while his younger
sister Jenny is essentially bears slave
because she wants to climb the social
ladder and become you know popular or
something and also it's worth throwing
in mind while you remember that
demonstrated start dating that dance dad
is Rufus Humphrey and Serena's mom is
lily van der Woodsen and Rufus and Lily
used to be in love was still in love
whatever blah blah blah and it's awkward
Dan's first friend is vanessa and
vanassa used to be in love with down and
everything's awkward although I think
would have made more sense if vanessa
was in love with Rufus seeing if she
seems to be a little obsessed with him
and likes to spend a lot of time with
him and have things a little bit creepy
about that we do have 10 more episodes
for something scandalous to have with
that though so you know yay Serena's
younger brother is Eric Eric and Jenny
become friends Audrina also came back
because his brother tried to kill
himself and his mother is like lying
trifling about it saying oh he just went
to pursue his own in Florida ha and Eric
tends to be the stern and sound was a
reason who frozen or and just says this
will one-liners he later becomes friends
with Chuck Bass which makes no sense but
whatever over the course of season 1
chukka tets to rape jenny blair cheats
on nate with Chuck Chuck is a stand-up
guy there are many flashbacks after
uncle Georgina he's played by Michelle
Trachtenberg returns to the Upper East
Side and we find out that Serena and her
young
a druggie a crazy a Wilder days was in a
hotel room with a guy who died when it
was called the video camera and Dan and
Serena breakup and black bellhop oh it's
all just very messy Jenny falls in and
out of favor with Blair her getting a
member of time stealing dresses breaking
into places blogger blog Chuck ditches
Blair at the airport leaving her to go
to Europe by herself it's kind of like a
roast Rachel Emily situation where Blair
is Rachel Chuck as Ross and Emily is a
large number of expensive prostitutes oh
and by the way Blair has bulimia let's
just not pay attention to that part
storyline like it's not really that
useful just mention it and move on
that's of course go away over the course
of season 2 everyone is in the
Hampshire's which is a very fancy place
in the United States apparently and is
not where Henry the Eighth had all his
wives and his court ate his pretentious
dates for anyone he's actually seeing a
married woman in order to make sure not
to return to the days alone Blair
pretends like this guy that she's dead
in from Europe and he reveals to her
that he's actually in Lord he has the
most ridiculous English accent ever and
when she finds out that he's annoyed she
of course liked him a lot more until the
Lord turns out to be sleeping with his
stepmother who is the woman that Nate
has been having the affair with Oh
coinkidink Nate's dad has at this point
lat the country because he committed a
lot of fraud and just put that whole
family in disarray this has evidently
left neat rather looping ahead because
he decided to stop going out with
Vanessa but bus has been going out with
her married Serena's mother Lily the
lily and Rufus have attention and babas
dies it's revealed that lily and Rufus
have some sort of secret son in some
other place and it's never really
mentioned again Serena attempts to find
out who got a girl lives and fails by
the way gospel girls is person who texts
these little blast every now and then
I've got it that other people sent her
it's kind of a minor storyline dtown
considering the title program Blair and
Chuck make out on this page to like get
decent three Hilary Duff stars and
there's around three some episodes with
dan finasteride Hillary which is more
awkward than sexy jealousy ensues etc
and Hilary leaves the program sadly not
to start a follow up of a Cinderella
story Chuck takes over his dad's company
and becomes a little bit closer to Lily
journey becomes queen bee and also a
casual drug dealer but ends up in the
mythical Hudson where her mother lives
not the river a city everyone except
Serena goes to NYU Blair and Chuck try
and failed to be a functional couple and
was supposed to feel sad about it so
really goes out with a lot of people
including Nate's cousin trip it's
supposed to be a sexy politician but
reminds me a little bit more of Doug
Westin season for Emma from the high
quality film montecarlo appears and with
her arrives yet more van der Woodsen
backstory in a massively original
storyline Serena once went out with her
teacher Ben and then he ended up in jail
and Juliet Emma from watch college is
his half-sister or something and its
retirement impersonate Serena and
drugged her and generally be crazy
Chuck's company is in the hands of a
random and unnecessary character who has
a grudge against his dead dad because of
something involving a fire and a lover
and whatever Chuck naturally gets
involved with his daughter dan and Blair
become friends and a generally cute and
watched films and nothing hurts and
everything is happy until the series
inevitably destroyed this a new
character called Charlie Rhodes starts
popping up the daughter of learning
sister with whom she has no relationship
Jenny briefly returns to stir the pot
down publishes a book anonymously but it
doesn't stay anonymous for long and it
also isn't much for novels so much as a
you know this happened and then this
happened and this happened and all by
the way it's all about my friends PS I'm
secretly in love with black and that
brings us up to season five Charlie
Rhodes isn't actually Charlie Rhodes but
she's a person called Ivy Dickens she's
been paid by nearly sister Carol to
impersonate Charlie in order to get some
money of Lily's mother CC real Charlotte
Rhodes appears and make passes on her of
course cuz you know she's blonde yes now
I coincidences and van der Woodsen drama
that helped it along in his pursuit of
Lola before often a little bit in
between that Nate and Liz Harley have an
affair meanwhile Blair I was going out
with engaged with and pregnant with a
prince not pregnant with her prints were
pregnant with a princess baby then she
also realizes that she's like in love
with choc than it might be trucks baby
on her wedding day she's going to run
away with Chuck but she gets into a car
crash and Chuck nearly dies and she
loses the baby and the brightest don't
seem to care or notice that this would
be a gigantic traumatic thing for black
and she marries Louie the prince but he
turns out to be a psycho and then Dan
happens and then everything was great
until for some stupid reason she picks
Chuck over down and tells Chuck that she
never really fought for him the way he
fought for her as if Blair is the one to
blame in any of the situation oh why
Bart bass is alive Cece Lily's mother is
dead Charlie Rhodes reveals herself to
be ivy and everyone's pissed at her but
Cece left a lot of money and there is
drama I've ever
thing is a mess so Gina comes back and
down is like hey I'm done with being
nice I'm good to write another book and
everyone is going to suffer and now
you're all caught up with gossip girl I
miss that quite a few things like
Georgina's baby dance doll Cedric
literally being tagged electronically
but I leave those treats for you when
you watch the series where has she been
Serena and Who am I that's one secret
I'll never tell you know you love me
x.o.x.o Gossip Girl hi guys
