hi everyone in a recent video natalie
tran asked us what people would think of
us if they found our phone and just look
through the photographs to get an idea
of the kind of people we were after
watching her video i went through my
phone and had a look at somebody 1200
pictures that never made their way onto
my computer i have lots of quotations a
picture of kaylee's pinkberry a picture
of ginger and lemon tea party marsh I've
been transported to someone who isn't me
so rude pictures of me holding the
killers new album text message
screencaps usually for conversations
with legs and usually to do it somewhere
or another with auto correct free sample
whatever i type in the word super hot it
autocorrects to super hot the same base
from Gryffindor but then like NASA me
curiously I have lots of pictures of
fish my phone unter jewels and seahorses
and fluffy things are dangerous and
piranhas and blurry fish yeah I'm a fan
my photo booth is definitely more
embarrassing it involves a lot of before
going out pictures like do I look okay
our awkward face that's what is before i
go out i always use the clueless wisdom
don't trust mirrors always take
Polaroids in recent years I felt like
when you go out it doesn't really matter
what you actually look like standing in
front of people it matters what you
photographs like I mean on the scale of
mastery it doesn't and shouldn't matter
whatsoever but I definitely find myself
more conscious of what I look like in
the camera screaming than what I look
like right there people who see me that
night might not have a lasting memory of
you especially they've been drinking a
lot but when people take lots of
pictures that night becomes a reference
point for your whole identity in a way
that it shouldn't be animal and I should
really care about but it does and I do
again it doesn't matter what you look
like it matters what you photograph like
hence the album of the photograph face I
know that mirrors don't show the true me
and in the cameras they show the true me
I know that standing in front of me and
seeing me doesn't show that you me and
yet i still find myself spending so much
time thinking about how I'm seen is that
vanity is that something we can ever
escape and you think at some point
mirrors are going to become completely
redundant instead fitting rooms will
have little live cameras bedrooms will
have large flat wall screens instead of
large flat mirrors
industry will fail and die I don't know
or is it just that our definition of the
mirror is itself changing I don't know
but it is something I'm really
interested in so put your thoughts in
the comments below also do you realize
that I said today was going to be a rosy
answers video it's not because I just
got sidetracked by this whole idea of
mirrors but Rosie answers will be back
again next week on Friday as usual and
as for tomorrow in the next day well
you'll have to wait and see my eyes
