so it's the general election in the UK
what magic words can I say to get you to
vote is even my place or role today
let's talk about the increase in usage
of food banks or underpaid nurses
underfunded NHS and privatization should
i zoom out further and talk about what
Parliament is and what an MP has power
to do is that treating me like a child
is that paying into the patronizing of
young people for addressing the
education and knowledge gaps across the
board when it comes to politics
if this filling in gaps through is it
challenging the media is that thing that
I just said promoting me ideas at the
media at the enemy so terrible monoliths
structure to serve corporate interests
rather than staffed by many hard-working
journalist or is that erasing the
genuinely shoddy editorial decisions I
keep seeing and keeping frustrated by it
self indicative of what is often a
deeply on diverse newsroom George
Osborne editor of The Evening Standard
enough said but do I recommend even the
smallest microphone or camera to the
people who call it MSM or the people who
selectively retweet polls and Twitter
surveys without looking at methodology
do I want to deal with Paul's at all
with it or not time and time again or am
I trying to turn poles into Oracle's
when really is that about humans so
they're messy maybe I should be more
current maybe I should talk about police
numbers or prevent strategies or the
comments made just here per day that
preserve the human rights act as an
obstacle to combating terrorism
maybe I should connect it all back
search resumes 2015 Conservative Party
conference speech or delve into her
track record at the Home Office or talk
about the state of a silent attention on
what's going on yards words or maybe
means we also talk about the weak case
labour is made for immigration
despite the well documented and studied
positive impacts immigrants have our
societies and economies maybe I should
talk how I sort exposing a party I feel
like I'm standing on the side of the
stage waiting for my guys come on so I
can applaud him but there he is talking
about things that I can't stand mind I
know it's not cool to savers at this
Asian Games but I so con I'm concerned
about your leaving the party and
consider about her music country and
intellect made a really weak case for
staying in edu does the real fight stop
now and as another guy who leads another
party that I also like and he said the
most important things that LGBTQ rights
in past but he's also voted in alignment
with those very rights that I believe in
consistently so where do you balance
that and then
other options and of course are not the
only options to buy various of the
parcels that is new with the thinking of
focus or another party there's a
constant presence dealing with an issue
that's going to really slant us around
the face in the coming years but has a
number local groundwork and order de
Borda NetSupport what's right what am I
going for a leader or my MP personally
it's my MP but it feels like I'm voting
for a leader because it's become about
personality of splash from a very robust
not parties or governments not saying
that here are all the right people to
make the best decision not making the
case to me but instead the case against
them trying to scare me or get me to boo
and hit but maybe I'm expecting too much
maybe anything else is not what we
really want
maybe it's get the Tories out or well or
maybe it's about local politics do we
need to focus more on local work despite
the progress I have some people
currently in leadership position there
are many local MPs and candidates for
MPs and partners that I've supported in
the past who are still out there doing
the work putting in the grind living up
the values are important to me and
important to their communities not about
the individual it's about the collective
and it's about people who have less than
you is that order that that I just said
villainizing MPs and other parties can I
be sure that any of the things I just
said aren't doing exactly what their
daily melting or the Express or the Sun
is it so different from the hatred that
kills Jaycox
I want to be able to celebrate public
service but is that naive it's public
service about communities and board
change or is it always going to be
wrapped up in a nationalism but frankly
I can't support I want to believe that
people come together to others and that
self-interest isn't dictated by passing
lines as I've been told and to believe
that just because someone doesn't agree
with me about the best way to go about
something doesn't mean they're only
thinking about themselves or maybe
they've not heard everyone's voices or
maybe they just don't think listening
important or maybe they used to their
voice being the loudest or maybe they're
saying and whispering to the easiest
voices to win relying on people to stay
at home or stay with them pushing up the
contour of town on complicated yonce
issues and saying the people who are the
most vulnerable are the people who are
at fault or maybe all of these people
exist and I'm lumping them into one some
kind of cartoon villain how does that
change what I'm supposed to see now
should I talk about the places where
choice is abundant where many parties
are running their various strengths how
that makes our country stronger and how
it's brilliant after the election here
in the US see legitimate choices or
should I go back and to us again about
the local groundwork isn't that in many
other parties and how it seems to be
spectacle at times a way to jumpin at
the top or make headline or electrical
work places where there isn't choice
where opposition parties haven't chosen
to feel the candidate and how we expect
people to feel represented when the
incumbent is so entrenched and every
bothered to run anyone against them they
don't even know their candidate because
this election was called 16 weeks ago
and none of us were ready should I
insist you still have a choice we'll
show you how to spoil a ballot so you
wrote around it so that even then you
feel like you don't have anyone you can
stand behind and saying yes this your
candidates haven't shown up your age
bracket is represented people have less
of a chance call you lazy or apathetic
or should I stop trying to tell you what
to do if the mock receives government
the most important route to change my
undermining a vote that I really believe
in by asking these questions or by
indicating that I'm not 100% certain all
the time about where it's Dan should I
just shut up and here's the crux of it
does it matter
just any of it even matter and to that I
say of course it does we're so tired
because it's exhausting it's exhausting
to even have to think about another
election it's exhausting seeing change
in your communities and those of others
that a time seems more like sabotage and
neglect it's exhausting having people
think they know the answer to everything
and they know things about you
personally it's exhausting both being
funneled and following ourselves into
blaming people
okay so like it's a broad-brush to say
we have an antagonist ik relationship to
politics overall and frankly I altered
it for like its exaggerating to say that
people involved in politics
candidates members of parliament members
of entourage is etc have helped stoke
that fire I'm so frustrated I am so
immensely frustrated and cross with
conservative politics and current
incarnation in this country but I'm also
extremely frustrated to see how many
parties have bowed even slightly to the
kind of Dennis phobia spearheaded why
you get from the BNP I'm also so
frustrated with the way it feels like we
all throw our energy into the stuff when
it's election time to the point that
many of us have none left and are so
drained the rest of the year and however
many years it is until the next one as
the straightens our parties and our
campaign
imply about identity and worried deeply
worried about the way we talk about
winners and losers like we've forgotten
what we're trying to do
we were never totally sure in the first
place I don't know is that worth saying
I think there are going to be people who
say that this video is irresponsible but
I wanted to make it because I can
believe that the vote is important and I
do their work is important and ask you
to do it if you're eligible and
registered to vote and so can you you
don't have to be certain of everything
about it when you go to the polls
I think certainty has been a little bit
overrated you do your research I've put
some links in the description also to
other videos I found helpful you read
the manifesto stand up that long and
they also have a lot of easy read
versions you see what choices you've got
including spoiling your ballot and you
show up there are many lines for my
favorite program the web sling that are
thrown around an election Dave decisions
are made by basis show up everyone's
treat your stupid and election yes but I
think all this in the spirit of the
Bartlet line will is going left on
election day you have a lot of help you
listen to everybody and then you call
the plane it doesn't mean that what you
decide is right if white always exists
in this if it ever exists in any
decision we make it definitely doesn't
mean that you have to stop asking
questions it doesn't mean you have to go
in without any doubt does that mean you
think of this as the end of the
discussion I'm not going to tell you to
vote I'm going to ask you to but I'm
also going to say this let's keep
talking about what we can do to make our
country better but let's also keep
talking about what we can expect of our
MPs and leaders and little councillors
and each other and what that means on
any and every level after the election
is a time to engage more not less even
if we're tired our voices are important
and so is our time let's use it well
