hey guys it's the olympic opening
ceremony in a few hours and i'm kind of
excited about it I've actually been
pretty excited budget throughout not
least because I live in London and so
had the opportunity to see the schottky
was getting excited I also managed to
see the torch earlier this week and it
was so much fun I got to the highest
reached around eight in the morning
because I'm so used to having to queue
for things being a member of the harry
potter generation i really didn't need
to because there was one other couple
that as I got closer to the scheduled
time with the torches arrival which I
think was around 10 20 people did start
flooding in and then by 10 the whole
high street was packed and even though I
only saw the torch for about 20 seconds
or so it was so worth it and had such
fun time more for the energy of the day
than anything else it's so rare that
there's that much noise and movement in
my community and it was really sunny
days so everyone just felt extremely
positive and excited I think you did a
very good job organizing it and they did
a really good job of getting there on
time generally I just had an awful lot
of fun thing about London in the summer
is that every part of it feels like a
festival there's always something on and
loud and music and things to go to and
things moving and in a sense that's the
same in wintertime but ever does it feel
festival e everyone kind of feels ready
to hibernate they always get
anticipatory holiday blues you can
imagine myself in October thinking Oh
some are not here yeah there are things
i like about autumn but it's not the
same as being able to go outside and
dance around my friends and stuff I just
feel like there's so much look forward
to in summer and everyone makes a real
effort to make their some was like the
best part of their year I wonder what it
would be like if we put as much effort
into winter time I enjoy my summer so
much though I wouldn't want to make it
an either/or situation I'm just going to
try and carry that energy through the
winter who knows how that will go
especially want the temperatures start
dropping but I would be supporting
Britain of course and I also be
supporting my other half Mexico both of
my countries have tied so far in the
footballs so woohoo and allergic how
tickets or anything i'm going to go to
all the public things you can go to i'm
seeing the cycling this weekend for
example and i'm really excited for that
i'm just generally hoping that this
continues to motivate me to be healthy
and live healthily and do other
healthful things speaking of health this
segues nicely into my last little thing
that i want to tell you over the past
few months I've been slowly collecting
my favorite recipes from salads to
vegetarian lasagna mr. Bernardo bride
and things like that I finally got my
act together i put the morning of PDF
and that's available gum root it costs
ten dollars dollars not pounds it costs
ten dollars
you know the content is still there it's
not the most fancy presented thing in
the world but normally cook bricks can
be upwards of 15 pounds or twenty-five
dollars so i thought that was pretty
good value i'll leave a link in the
description bar below it's called noms
and jan just check it out if you like to
yeah if you do make anything i'd love to
see a video response of what you made or
picture or whatever the madness
continues a really fun thing happened
i've spent a lot of my summer organizing
the place that my mom's going to move
into you when we saw the house i'ma get
we move out very very soon you thought
we found a really nice cottage and it
was all going perfectly whatever and
then of course because everything was
going far too smoothly today the severe
i was like i would not touch this place
with a bargepole this is like 70 grands
worth of work everything's falling down
the walls are falling down you have to
rip out everything dramatic dramatic
dramatic and we said oh crap withdraw
offer so that was fun my life at the
moment involves a lot of information
about housing and yet i did carne of
somber tune in so this should be very
interesting i will keep you updated guys
and let me know if you'll be watching
the olympics i'll be live tweeting the
olympic opening ceremony at zan alive
and flying away now not to be risqu√© but
turn lines
