Oh awfully sorry terribly embarrassing
for me there one was caught in the act
of searching oneself on tumblr one was
advised by a very peculiar man that this
vlogging would be a newfangled way in
which to interact with once people and
establish a more direct and for other
people to establish some more direct
connection or some variation on that
vulgar expression with once Queen as you
no doubt notice ones royal standard is
flying here to indicate that the queen
is in fact at home one rather thought
one would begin by creating a response
video to one of one's most esteemed
subjects albeit from approximately 60
years in the future one miss x bro Joss
Phillips stop this is not the
appropriate time to be making immigrant
jokes one loves ones people regardless
of their origin in response to the
cinematic message in which one was a
square one sees oneself in five years
time one wishes to make the parents that
one is 25 years old having recently
ascended to the throne of the united
kingdom of great britain and northern
ireland as well as the commonwealth one
has had a rather tumultuous adolescence
and although we have all known the
devastation of the war one was rather
grateful to be able to exhibit 1 skills
and mechanics and engineering one must
admit that one finds it rather more
interesting than existing ones excellent
posture after the passing of five years
in 1958 one will be 30 years old and one
expects the age should bring a new host
of challenges and surprises one imagines
ones empire will rebuild itself felish
that last point one expects to be
receiving many regretful sorrowful
letters from one's previous colonies
begging to reenter one's Empire one
expects many prime ministers to look
toward my attention ultimately to be
shot down one also expects to do rather
a lot of traveling
in the next few years one is
particularly keen on visiting the lands
of Canada and one supposes one will
venture into the treacherous United
States well one expects those residents
to be regretting their independence they
always dream one fancies oneself rather
an adventurer we've heard the see
ourselves visiting regions such as
Pakistan Iran Nepal and perhaps
something terribly daring such as
visiting Ghana while they are pregnant
one would imagine that's the kind of fun
one would get up to everyone had the
opportunity to have a gap yard with such
constant reproduction one expects that
one will not always be able to attend
the state opening of the houses of
parliament but once you aim to do one's
duty throughout one's way when we
attended a tarot card reading session in
a small alley back away when we were
visiting one of the Commonwealth region
one was told to expect a blond
troublemaker seeking clarification one
asked the mystic in charge whether or
not one would be expecting it
particularly troublesome child or of
course it is of extreme importance that
no trouble is caused to the crown or the
lineage and yet one could not help but
wonder what kind of miscreant would be
coming into one's family considering
one's exceptional Stern and firm up
bringing the mystic clarified that it
was in fact a stranger to the family
with the name of the ancient Greek
goddess I'm very vulgar if you asked 11
is finished one spins and one must
return to her civic duties but if you do
wish to see one video blogging again do
let one know in comments bother to this
if anyone has seen a strange man in the
modern police box do give him the
address of the palace I do love my
husband and my children but that man had
some really excellent hair and one
really wouldn't mind seeing him again
regards that went rather well don't you
perhaps next time I could do what if
those waters in one's hand bag
