hey guys so we're here today on campus I
brought you to the campus of the
University of Exeter which has been my
University for the past three years but
it's actually got a good day to be doing
the campus video because an article
about me just went up on one of their
like canvassing website blog things
called her campus and I'll link to that
in the description bar below a lot of
you asked me about whether or not I
agree with Lexus video about English
degrees and to be honest I groove pretty
much all of it the amount you're paying
you do not get enough contact hours
English and even though it's taught me
research skills and things like that and
I'm very good at independent study
yourself motivation I think that's worth
I don't think I'm paying for that
service I don't think I'm getting my
money's worth and it's just done really
kind of the stupid situation that I
can't believe what it would be like if
you're paying 9,000 house a year because
I am paying for uni I do feel sometimes
like that's bitchy faster no he demands
to get all their money for us especially
because I've always been in free
education I would like to state schooled
the whole time rage is that however the
first question my answer is have you
ever regretted your choice of study a
study ba inversion my full course title
is BA English word study in North
America which means I got to take my
second year abroad I went to Vassar
College in New York to be honest my year
abroad while still having a three year
degree that's what made it worth it like
that is what made me not regret my whole
time here because it's not like I've
been miserable it's not like I haven't
had a wonderful time but in the sense of
making the most out of these 3 years I
didn't think I was about as sort of
satisfied as I do had it not been my
year abroad for me if I was gonna spend
3 years and 20 grand doing something
then it has to be something I enjoy
something that I love and English has
always been my favorite subject rule
sorry I'm really glad that I did it but
I would recommend that the into things
like flexible combined honors courses
things that give you a bit wider of a
breadth of study next question was which
London uni are you I'm not actually in a
you near London I did apply UCL but they
rejected me the past is also rejected by
Edinburgh Oxford Harvard Yale Princeton
and Stanford so yes it might you find
this but now I'm at the University of
extra I'm at the stress on campus which
is Southwest in the city of extra
technically at the city because it has
Cathedral but it's not really City it's
very close to the seaside very fish
beach sandy beaches and there's very
good shopping as well which is also a
bad thing how did I narrow down unities
my school had a very leak table approach
to it you applied to the you knees in
the top term for your subject and I
don't think that's necessarily the best
thing I think the best things to go
along if possible and to chat about
course since you've kind of subjects
you'll be doing but also to talk to
recent graduates especially on your
course and then isin't to be honest
about their uni experience
get an idea from that but it's kind of
really hard to tell like it's just this
whole world
it's just tempting to apply to the top
whatever and your new table but do you
think a little bit outside the box I
have visited Southampton and I've
visited Oxford I think these were the
only ones I visited I have six contact
hours a week I had to to our seminars
and to one hour lecture you also have
office hours but not really office hours
because you kind of go in for like 10 to
20 minutes whereas in the States if
you're going to office hours you can
stay there like pretty much as long as
you like and they're really really
helpful and they want you to show them
all your drafts of an essay the student
support in America is far superior to
that the UK I just think there's too
much emphasis placed on self motivation
because it's a convenient way to explain
away not needing to have more university
student contact hours a lot of people
come here to do research rather than to
necessarily teach you think uni is worth
of course I would only say that my uni
has been worth the cost because of my
herbal which otherwise no at the end of
the day give me that reading of the
literary theory and also the specific
texts I would know as much as with what
I do know now essentially you're paying
like three thousand two hundred
twenty-five pounds from reading this
also extras really expensive for both
campus and off campus accommodation I
have friends who are paying like 50 59
pounds or whatever in the north to go
for their accommodation like first two
houses and I'm paying 85 plus bills
which is cheap and that's pretty
expensive a student living do you think
YouTube will change the way that we look
at education and their demand for
universities and all that sort of stuff
things like crash course things like
Khan Academy in the fact that you can
now access a lot of university lectures
online for free like the Yale courses
one and so on I think at the moment what
courses like that are highlighting the
fact that your uni education is not
sufficient but like there are still no
gaps in your learning I don't know if I
think that those sort of online videos
are going to replace education entirely
do you think it's very viable option for
filling out your degree and making the
most of it may be the case that those
videos we solve actors pacemakers in
your gap year when you sort of work to
keep up your academic interests I think
that'd be a great idea as long as you
don't just fill it with stuff that is
like to pull a pious stuff and like gap
your packages find somewhere you want to
go go there organize yourself great like
a few packages are easy but a lot of the
time you're paying a lot of money for
something that you could sort out
yourself for half the price and also
just makes a company over there a lot of
money Aegis put on your CV and it's kind
of generic then again I don't really
know because I never took his that yeah
I've had like all the years straight of
education and to be honest I feel really
exhausted
what type of accommodation is best the
first year I lived in kturtle's Maine
because of the community aspects I
absolutely loved it and that a good
bunch of the 300 or 400 people who lived
in my homes and it was a lot of fun and
they came and cleaned my room which was
great nicely a lot of you asked about
money like how did I pick my year abroad
has that be uni all of just that money
stuff I worked in holidays I worked at
the book shop I worked at Wimbledon
saved as much as I possibly could and to
be honest I budgeted myself really well
and it helps a lot that I don't need
meat I've had a grant or three years as
well I have had a great time and I have
met wonderful people with swings around
Batman I'll see you guys tomorrow and I
hope you have a very nice day it's
filming on that branch there's like
Nick's not make spawn so long bond
