hey Piz micronus baby directional
because it's really noisy today where I
am I'm I said like a part of being the
area that my secondary school was which
is really fun but nostalgic and most of
my friends as to a university finishing
everything awful still got another year
to go so kind of just like wandering
around by myself just very very weird
apologies for not making video yesterday
the water was exactly at my head today i
wanted to talk a little bit about
lethargy feeling of being really like oh
oh i don't want to do anything today I'd
rather just stay in bed in my pajamas
cover myself in that duvet and listen to
that song it's called a lazy song
refreshed tumblr and then give a couple
of creative things give up about a
quarter of the way through and that is a
bad bad feeling I always try to attack
when it rears its ugly head I looked up
the etymology of the word lethargic
because that's what I do and found that
originates from a combination of leather
which is the Greek forgetfulness and the
word our growth which is finally enough
a chain here in the UK which means idol
so of course the use of words changes
over time I do you think not
forgetfulness has a keen role to play in
lethargy it's not until you get up and
start moving and doing something that
you remember why you enjoy getting up
and moving and doing things definitely
the case of me so next time I use word
lethargic I think it will kind of be
like a remember for me it won't tell me
exactly what I've forgotten but it will
remind me that there is something that I
have forgotten not of course if there's
anything wrong with taking a couple of
days off especially when you've been
working really hard but it's taking days
off in the name of lethargy that's
perhaps not the best thing in the world
so from here on out I pledge to fight it
like the Gryffindor I am there's a lot
of harry potter references in today's
video continuing the trend of this month
being all about self realization that
sort of thing i always thought you
either a creative person or a sporty
person or I don't even know a
mathematical person I suppose because
the way schools designed their kind of
how you learn to categorize yourself and
that's a trend that swallowed through in
the books you read and films you watch
and everything like that for me being
created in exercising have really come
to rely on one another just the exercise
i did this morning i have so many ideas
running through my brain and I'm so much
more willing to be creative and to put
in the time into my work I'm starting to
think of creativity in exercising like
that movement between up and down on a
seesaw there's always times when one's
higher and one to lower but it's always
a new furnace never in stasis ow
crouching is hard I mean that's not to
say that there's no virtue in the
still but I've come to think of being
still the different kind of movement a
sort of isolated movement that allows
you to notice the extent of movement
going on around you always movement
always energy never lethargy not anymore
although I have to say I did just find
this at the charity shop do you feel
like when you go home you become more
static I definitely become more of a
child we also have a TV licence at home
so I actually watch TV I drink more cups
of tea even though I think there's a
difference between the way I had to
university the way I act at home I don't
think either of those is more real or
less real but I meant you to know what
you guys think where you think you kind
of put an actual at one of those places
whether we are always putting out some
whether we all are just actors holding a
mirror up to nature I'm gonna go run
home now but I will see you guys later
and thank you so much for your support
with next loggers i'm actually really
really excited we supposed to get all
our stuff through soon and you have no
idea how thrilled they answer that
natalie tran one of my heroes is going
to be a mentor i'm kind of in love with
her i really wanted to make me
lamingtons as well bye guys
and I believe
