they have exactly one months to go until
I have to have my dissertation done
ready for binding and ah in the meantime
I've also been really busy visiting the
TARDIS and also interviewing famous
people I've been doing some reading up
and watching some firms have been lying
out in the summer sun I'm definitely
gonna be at VidCon and I'm definitely
gonna be at LeakyCon this summer a few
days after LeakyCon it's my 21st
birthday so I'm spending my 21st
birthday in Chicago which is gonna be
incredible I'm coming to the end of my
time of formal education right from the
very first days at school to the here
and now they're a lot of what we deal
with a special at university is reality
and fiction what's real what's fiction a
big University time is constructed the
idea that race is constructed generous
constructed societies constructed and
then whether it you grew that you have
to decide always the fact that it's
constructors does that make it real or
not real then you have to other stuff
while these questions we should even be
concern yourself with and then you
gained all these years of debate and
even when people have cysts that it's
not the canes I feel like we're always
trying to find some kind of concrete
truth there try to work out what is
truth and how truth works so did
anything at something that's necessarily
bad or it can be avoided what's really
interesting in the context of everything
that's happened to me over the past
eight months or so is that I spent the
past eight months trying to accept as
reality something that to me seemed very
much like fiction and that's something
that had been almost premeditated for me
by fiction by stories of you know
children losing their parents by films
are the same thing and to a certain
extent it also seemed false because I
had captured all these moments because
I've recorded them because I'm a video
blogger because I can go back and look
at them and watch them as there's a lot
of television show that you could just
casually watch them know that you know
everyone's fictional in it a couple of
weeks ago I got the chance to go on to
the TARDIS set now I don't live in a
completely fantastical world where I
think the doctor is actually going to
come and save me or I think that that's
necessarily what should happen all I
know is that this thing that I confits
myself was completely fictional
completely an illusion all I know is
that at some point in my brain that had
negated the possibility that any of it
was real for me I walked into the TARDIS
and it was absolutely beautiful and it
was absolutely physical people had
broken bits of it and of course it
doesn't make the TARDIS console sound
but there are still so many physical
sounds around the TARDIS
I'm adduct you can pick up the phone and
make a phone call you can touch the
floor under the console and realize okay
what's not exactly stirring it's my
thick foam or something like that but
it's still something physical something
we can touch and this will be still
really exciting about the physicality of
that and that filmmaking in television
world where we with suspicious of
everything we we approach everything
from primarily critical standpoint yeah
that was a really wonderful experience
not just as the doctor who found also as
someone who's been grappling with these
ideas of reality and fiction like
obsessively and then yesterday I was in
Watford for the grand opening of the
warner brothers studio tour it's really
cold but here's the red carpet okay hey
so spread which is why I always such a
video oh I feel like my channels to
intimidate agree i had a snazzy tag like
this because i was representing wikinews
Anthony cauldron I had the opportunity
once again to speak to all sorts of
amazing people like f words or Quarren
who made another of my all-time favorite
films a little princess but again i was
in proximity to something very real and
physical that we've been told isn't real
in his just fiction if you'll excuse me
another segue into university
terminology i think when we use this
binary reality and fiction it makes what
we're talking about impossible because
neither of those discrete categories
exists and there's something sort of
wonderful magical almost when you
realize how much those two terms are in
flux and their present physically in
front of you and yet you know that on so
many levels their affection and it's
moments like that little breaks in my
day that have made it possible for me to
keep working with my dissertation which
is a piece of work that i do consider to
be very important but is quite heavy and
dark and reading the one-percent
doctrine September 11th in history and
broken it up with a couple of young
adult fiction books this is an advanced
readers copy of pure by julianna baggott
it's a dystopian novel that takes they
from the sort of person nuclear America
and the Pure's live in a very sort of
synthetic dome world it contains
everything schools hospitals museum
archives they have very strange
attitudes to death that I think we
wouldn't be completely comfortable with
and on the outside as a result of the
attacks which are called detonation
especially much everyone has been fused
with something on
the protagonist pressure has been fused
with a doll's hair down the Flint fuse
with rocks some herb infused with
animals I think that's the thing I liked
most about it the world establishment
the story itself I didn't find that
convincing it didn't really need to be
400 pages long it also was very obvious
to me that they were setting up for
trilogy and I think it could have been
more complex I sort of just kept wanting
a bit more out of it my Stannis for
dystopia pretty high mainly because I
read some really good dystopian when I
was a lot younger got westfeld uglies
series The Hunger Games of course but
just the first one and this divergent
which they recently reissued with
horrible new cover so I got the nice
original cover with the Chicago skyline
the other book I'm reading right now
which 138 pages into is across the
universe by Beth Revis so far i'm not
particularly convinced mainly because i
have a huge issue and it's just one tiny
thing that can just ruin a book for me
when people set books in the future or
an alternate universes and they take
those expressions of oh my god and for
God's sake they put in another word and
sometimes the case was swearing as well
so in across the university's for
example frexing just comes across as
very unnatural and unnecessary and it
sort of takes you out of the reality of
the story I find but like needs to
suffer from completely opposing problems
I found the names were just a bit weird
and unconvincing it again took you out
the familiarity of it wasn't there
something like about noumic catalyst you
get used to quite quickly but the names
and heroes but like a really pressure
here on the other hand I felt like there
are parts in which the writer tried too
hard to create this fantastical world
then also like she's kind of stuck in
the present in our present in the modern
day and so jarring and i'll keep reading
and i'll let you know what i think at
the end of it that has been lovely to
read some teen fiction in the midst of
all this you know death despair
destruction devastation decimation etc
put a video link to the interviews that
i did yesterday in the description bar
below and let's meet you guys ASAP
