blogging with my coat on again what
could it mean by Rick pile of books
recently and they're two very different
genres there's a 911 genre which is
dissertation relatedness the children's
book genre which is somewhat different
so my elective module is children's
literature and so far infrared buy shoes
and I capture the castle and autumn time
so as it happens we didn't mean to go to
sea I went to Jamaica and a comment
products but we've read a lot of books
so far we're doing about three every
week and this week's books were Brennan
chase and hatchet I wasn't really very
inspired by the ending of hatchet and I
feel like the brighter was a very
inspired by himself with a lot of them
in this series although at first I
thought was kind of along the Flies
effect of taking out and realizing that
it was a child because there's something
very it wasn't very sad actually about
the ending whereas there are lots of
really satisfactory bits throughout
hatchet is about a 13 year old boy
called Brian his parents are just
divorced he's on his way to fit his dad
and little plane the pilot has a heart
attack and the plane crash lands into
the lake this is kind of in the wilds of
Canada that wild area he has this one
little hatchet this is what acts that
his mother has given him it becomes this
maze essential tool becomes quite a
large space of time but it does it very
quickly I mean look at the size of the
text and as I think 150 354 pages i was
really bowled over with bits of it
especially the parts that talk about
tough hope but I wasn't completely
convinced but I thought was a really
great example of compact storytelling
something that isn't necessarily a short
story was a bit longer than that so
that's hatchet the other why read was
Brendan chase and it's published by
doing this and books Jamison publishes a
lot of classics that gone out of print
and things that she really liked herself
rim chase is all about these boys who go
and run gonna sleep to live in the chase
would land forest area the parents are
many miles away doing something colonial
or imperial whatever they live or then
aren't you they really like that much
and they never have much fun and they
always just want to be out and explore a
hydration time and they make a big deal
about living a live web and hidden his
Merry Men Robin one of the characters
obviousy becomes Robin Hood and there's
Big John and Little John it's a farm boy
survival adventure story but as Philip
Pullman points out an introduction to
the shame this inversion not something
that would be published today because
it's quite violent there's very specific
descriptions of the way in which the
boys kill the animals there's a
vegetarian a couple of them would have
cooked stomach but Jamie you just got
used to it wasn't consciousness by any
means if you do like boys event to
running off and running away from adult
stories that Matt's Brendan chases one
for you it's by BB whose real name is
dennis hawkins the other side of things
i recently read WG Sebald sebald they
never knew how to say his name by the
natural history of destruction that was
very interesting essentially really a
collection of lectures that he wrote but
received this huge reaction they'll put
in addition in 1999 is the jam edition
but the one I actually read it was
translated in released in two thousand
four which is around time everything was
happening with Iraq he make some
brilliant observations and I did enjoy
Austerlitz which is a book by him as
well I think above all it was a really
good example of the effectiveness of
close reading and the things that you
can get out of the text so far that
raised a lot of problems with nationhood
and ruins if anyone's interested in war
bullets or just looking into how other
writers analyze writers I definitely
recommend on the natural history of
destructions the file that i read and
finished actually today was a 911
commission reports the update edition in
2011 when you think about the mission
report you think of a big bulky legal
document that's extremely difficult to
read suddenly afterward as well that
they really didn't want to make this
full of jargon and they did a really
really good job of making it clear a lot
of the chapters were broken up to
showing what was going around the Middle
East at what time then going back to
what was going on this states the time
the chronology in the sense of events
connected in circumstances and
everything was absolutely excellent if
you are personally extremely affected by
their 911 tax is probably not one for
you because they're especially the
beginning and the end a very close and
detailed descriptions or phone calls
exactly what was going on and people get
trapped in this like that that is
extremely difficult to read this is 600
pages or so it's got really good notes
to the back I've seen the book is in
some sense structured around the events
of 911 it's really hard when you're
looking back at everything that built up
to it to say how do people not see this
for example there was Richard Clark and
the government working at the time who
was very aware and onkyo about the risks
of al-qaeda and and on various occasions
says we should be paying attention to
this wise never paying attention to this
he actually sent a memo to Condoleezza
Rice a week before the 911 attacks
saying we have to be serious what is
what is our angle al-qaeda do we think
it's a strat r you need to decide the
moves like that but you want to reach
inside the book and shake everyone but
that's the last year when you're reading
doesn't take into account all the other
factors that were on people's mind at
the time there's a lot going on what
Israel Palestine that was Kosovo that
was Chechnya there was Russell the ends
of that going on those are thing with
Black Hawk Down India and Pakistan we're
having a lot of trouble at the time it's
really difficult not to want people to
just pay attention to allow yourself to
just read it and then unfold and let it
tell you what happened the only thing I
found like a dance that there's some
really bad copy editing was one tap that
literally ended with sentence and a
couple of cases where the f was left of
forums and odd things inside but that's
what i've been doing been reading lots
of books at the moment I read about six
to seven books a week plus a lot of
articles I imagine it's gonna get more
and more and more how many books of area
this year and not already at least at
least 30 but probably more
I love it but I am starting to feel the
information overload so now I must just
right and that's what I'm going to go do
now so later guys but
