hey guys so today it's not my birthday
it's my birthday as of today I have been
on YouTube for six long years oh dear oh
dear he's my birthday so thank you guys
for watching my videos after all this
crazy time when I'm not really sure
still hanging it properly to find this
crazy vlogging channel that I have maybe
crazy vlogging channel is something like
it I've had so much fun I've learnt so
much I've met so many wonderful people
and yeah we should keep this going this
YouTube thing so if you haven't started
vlogging in your life ever you haven't
tried it you should try it I know it's a
different kind of community it's much
bigger there's just lots more going on
there's lots more stuff going on on
youtube there was when i joined six
years ago but i think that's a good
thing i think that exemplifies how many
audiences there are and how many people
are using this great website rogge is
not dead don't tell me that that's why
you're not doing it a lot of ways I got
into vlogging like video responses low
to my early videos just video responses
to bri's videos to random people's
videos you don't even exist anymore days
of bookers and the hill 88 video
responses and commenting and all of that
is still great way to meet new people
and just make the most of this great
website which you and I knows about a
little bit more than just cat videos
although I do love the cat videos and
Kristen Bell sloth videos although those
are great in their own way he's coming
to the body I just love to come to my
party yeah it's been fun guys now I'll
go and feel old six years since
recording that video I've added two
layers to my body I've got 51 right now
I've got to put a coat on I think I'm
gonna put another jumper on before that
because it's just so freakin gold it's
snowing there
