hi guys I'm really sorry that
yesterday's video was a so long and beer
look so tired in it and then I was just
kind of blabbering on for a while but I
hope some of you enjoyed it at least I'm
still really tired today I don't exactly
know why I suspect it's the horrible
weather outside which meant that I
couldn't actually film what today's
challenge was I definitely need to get
myself one of this little camera
umbrella things are like an umbrella
poncho today's challenge was to take a
different route tool from work uni
school or wherever you're heading or
just go for a walk somewhere you've
never been if you've got no routine
place to go today no just everything
makeup explore take the scenic route and
enjoy the difference today I did have to
go to university yeah I also did have to
go to the supermarket and in both cases
I didn't simply take a different route I
took a really long route because it was
nice to be able to be out and walk often
at this time of year it's really easy to
tell yourself that just because it's
freezing cold and it's raining and it's
miserable outside that means you just
stay inside and cooped up all day or in
my case that I go to campus and either
stay on campus for ages we'll just come
back and stay here for ages either way
you'll stay in one place I dunno about
you there but every time I start being
acted the second i'm outside and started
walking or running or doing something
it's amazing how quickly it makes you
feel better and makes you feel more
energized so it really was nice to have
a very active challenge to be forced to
get out and do some walking walking is a
big thing for me as someone who's never
learnt to drive so i walk pretty much
everywhere i'm also not really that
bothered about walking by myself a lot
of people i know don't really like
spending time with themselves and i'm
not saying that all best person to spend
time with myself but I do find sometimes
if I'm struggling with an essay with a
story or with just anything at all it is
really nice to have some time for a walk
and to think and to meijer your ideas
the interesting thing about today's
challenge is that it wasn't so much
about thinking in your head it was more
about noticing things outside mainly I
noticed a lot of rain only love puddles
and it's just some wandering cats I
noticed one guy waiting outside a house
in a car and I assumed that he was a spy
all there is of course the chance that
he was just you know a speedboat
salesmen I once again noticed how rarely
people like to make eye contact
physically as well you tell which
streets were designed in a group so all
the houses matched and which ones were a
bit more jumbly and mixed up and I
wonder whether it had always been
intended for that street to be doubly
and mixed up or whether a series of
unfortunate events have led to that sort
of EE street makeup but that was pretty
much it really to be honest um I'm
familiar with most of the streets at
this point so although I was going a
different route and a much longer route
it wasn't in
I you unfamiliar to me so there were
bits I that I know and it's nice to be
able to know a city that is in London to
Bob a city it's quite small city so it's
definitely nice that it feels familiar
today's challenge was the penultimate
challenge and the last challenge will be
up tomorrow and before I go write and
post about how it's the 100th episode of
gossip girl tonight let's hope they
don't mess this one up for Christmas my
brother-in-law gave me my sisters and my
mother a voucher to get our feet eaten
by fish I know it sounds very very odd
and very weird and probably not very
safe but honestly I came away from it
thinking well I want to I want to go and
do that again the most fascinating fact
that I came away from that whole fishy
experience with apart from the fact that
my older sister is a massive worse yes
you can we do was it there's a
commonality between rotten wood and your
feet or specifically the dead skin on
your feet basically a doctor or a
scientist of someone who was working to
treat psoriasis figured this out of
commonality between the rotten wood and
the dead skin or skin in general it
became this commercial thing you sit
down you put your feet in the water
after they've been washed and everything
then suddenly all the fish swarm towards
your feet it's really quite amazing I'm
a really ticklish person so that fast
was like oh giggling like nothing else
for about five minutes straight then
eventually get used to it then
eventually it feels quite soothing and
nice then you come away from it with you
know smooth skin so yeah that was quite
cool definitely wouldn't want to be in a
swimming pool with those fish though
because they are a little bit scary
until tomorrow our last day of the new
year revolution guys bye
