hey guys do today's challenges to be a
tourist in your own town and so we are
going to go and see the delights that
the city of Exeter has to behold for us
I've already shown you my favorite spot
which is the cathedral but there's other
stuff there as well and we're going
rediscover it like tourists it will be
fabulous please come with me extra has a
really good time streets a.m. it's
really really busy on the weekends and
in this case was no exception but there
were a few quiet corners tucked away
between the cafes and this was one of
them some Catherine's on houses and the
tourists that just worked by like the
genuine realtor said that this part I'm
standing right now used to be kitchen if
I were doing this on a weekday it would
be a cape the fact that I'm doing on a
weekend for some reason makes me feel
more conscious about it and a bit more
freaked out about it but yeah a couple
of things for them here and the
Lighting's all nice and minister and I
didn't very spoilery chat about the
thought in Our Stars full of spoilers
don't listen to at all you read the book
but it's about an hour 20 minutes long
we really got into it and it's not fun
leaking user / link in the description
bar below and Wednesday I think 11pm
British time we will be doing a live
chat thing with everyone so everyone
coming to take part and that will be an
opportunity to discuss the book as well
so yeah so sorry if you haven't got your
book yet I do understand the pain of
waiting food breaks to come out the
podcast will always be there it's up on
the podcast feed as well and you can
find out more in the description bar
below people in the cafe is over that
are watching me whosoever of them shall
be drunken shell for the first time for
feed 22d to you poor person whom she or
she shall serve use and shall sit in
stocks two hours you serve of the arm
spoke shall not be present at prayers
from the beginning to the end of every
time I was a duck it to file the court
or any quite the arms I'll shove
wolfforth every time for decades
everywhere I went today those lots of
old and new kind of clashing in the
strange funny ways like the shake away
guy that you'll see right now and he was
walking in front of this Cathedral those
hundreds and hundreds of years old and
it felt extremely peculiar and it
occurred to me that every time I saw
little bits of the old stone wall around
exeter things like this even i felt like
the skeleton was kind of appearing
through the ground making itself visible
against this weird new background of
everyone dancing around it almost just
nor the streets a cobbled and it just
feels nice and old when I wasn't us I
did miss that a bit that kind of oldest
the age I was really taken in by the
fact that it wasn't just one city
skeleton that kept appearing around
everywhere I went it was all these
different cities all these different
times kind of combining crossing over
all of them skeletons but all belonging
to different times like these two parts
the great wall that surrounded extra I
found myself very consciously trying to
crop out the new modern buildings and I
don't know whether that it's kind of
troubling what I wanted to just have
that original site over the ruins but
that's kind of impossible and there was
these weird things like jack wills being
in these old buildings and I wonder what
tinleigh's was and just lots of
suggestions of a previous skeletons of
previous city that was there before
garand history is a little shopping
early way of external it's a really
great example again of that all the new
flashing thing I also really like that
lion and the nice little colorful flags
but weirdly the greatest example this
older need the thing that really bored
at home was the changing rooms of urban
outfitters where they've used these old
and very original brick work and leave
what's got their huge mirror and force
in the trading room though they've got a
side of concrete as well so I think I've
got a bit obsessed with material today
but I just get a postcard or vector and
I went to write a little letter and add
it to my letters I'll never send project
so good things came out this day one
quick see at the end that I've got to
mention i went to check the stroke
association fundraising page the just
giving page today we've reached nearly a
thousand five hundred so far 100 people
have donated I don't know how to say
thank you other than thank you I just
need to be we need to come up with more
words for thank you my gratitude is
bursting out of all of the buildings in
the world and yes thank you very much
