it was time to make some lunch i also
decided to make myself a cup of tea but
there was a nice little surprise when i
turned over the mug and found inside a
slug i was looking up things to do
entertainment wise that involve going
outside I couldn't find anything I
didn't really have much time today
because I have really got to get down to
revision so eastenders it it's which
I've never watched my life I always say
stuff like I would never watched soap so
we've never watch soaps but anybody have
any foundation for that because I've
never watched them so I don't know what
they're about so let's try it it's quite
like the gross amount accepted he's
going to everyone's rubbish she's gonna
be cheating on him soon actually maybe
he will cuz he's dissatisfied with the
marriage she's look to some guy than
they got really awkward but there's some
history that I don't know him that guy
his name is Alfie is wearing really ugly
shirt and he should fix that mother
looks very tired son looks very unhappy
another little beside ginger son or
daughter doc is that ginger more is that
a son or daughter and I feel like the
dad is gonna be the problem granddad yes
they're grieving that was girl who
strictly come dancing happy she cries
like me what is it with you men do so
she's gonna have a fair he's really
further movies trench at O'Brien Erin
woman he's gone she on her foxy roxy
he's a perv why is she staring at him
seductive him he's a creep there's an
old lady who's wearing what it's like an
American power dress that I own from red
and quite saucy cuz I'm quite saucy lady
there's some weird dynamic between the
granddad family which is I don't know
what they're called a grocer likes to
read other people's posts as an older
lady wearing a sexy red dress there's
that weird little family of three
wondered hiding something so I assume
it's gonna be like some sort of sordid
affair it's a confrontation between team
n the husband of the lady who was honest
really come dancing and I think her dad
magical the hot guys back the real
awkward one her husband is secretly gay
because the game friend looking over and
looking her and jealous and she bore him
over here so that she could kiss him and
burnt the girlfriend oh my god getting
very involved foxy roxy is getting with
ugly grandpa guys she's like let's go
upstairs and he's like oh I shouldn't be
doing this and she's like oh and with
your mystery date didn't show and it's
still just gross it's just ever like I
hate their situations like it's so
disgusting and so inappropriate weird
and like why did she fancy the ugly old
guy and now she's put herself into a
position where she's gonna be like
essentially dumped by the ugly old guy
no one ever wants to be dumped by the
ugly old guy like come on not the same
person as foxy roxy foxy red dress lady
is Phil's yg is not actually wearing for
this red dress she's wearing a foxy red
top and like jeans it's also potentially
magenta anything I've ever seen a full
episode of a soap before actually I was
really impressed of the dialogue I watch
a lot of American television shows it's
a very different use of language than
the dialogue that I'm sort of more used
to it was weird not to have music and I
really notice it at first I really
noticed the silences where normally
there would be some kind of score or
underlying musical transition music
that's some stuff apart from like the
big thematic you know opening and
closing music there isn't really any use
of music that I notice whatsoever you do
slowly key in the story lies together
and they do suggest at the past story
but you don't feel like you're missing
this huge part of the history I think
was any other my sister the one who's
pregnant he saw in that video before
he's ever watched everything she's to
watch Hollyoaks it was fun I enjoyed it
I enjoyed my experience it was good
entertainment experience I'm really
enjoying the challenge so far and it's
the end of the first week now maybe in a
second week once my exam gets out the
way in an essay I have to finish I once
I've had that in on Thursday maybe I'll
start looking properly everyone else and
what everyone else is doing I'm loving
the comments it's a really good idea
good idea of what you guys are doing
those view are taking part as well
another thing that takes up quite a bit
of time is when you have spend the early
hours of the morning photoshopping tiff
yours on two characters from one of your
favorite television programs ever
because josh lyman specimen of beauty
anyway looks even better when he's
holding two feels I'm I'm not lying
