everyone's a today is day five try
something new the new years revolution
and today's challenges and smile at
everyone which normally wouldn't be much
of a problem because I'm quite smiley
and my mum's one of those people who
says good morning to absolutely every
person she passes but to be totally
honest with you last night I watched
this weeks episode of How I Met Your
Mother and absolutely bored and I went
to sleep feeling sad they woke up
feeling sad I don't want to give like
all these huge fake grins at people i
want to give very genuine smile so we'll
try we'll try our best to do that and i
figured that with this one it's gonna be
hard one to film because people
immediately get quite suspicious when
they see a camera even you know a phone
but i will report back I'm actually
about to head off to the library and
then I'm going to the supermarket so
there'll be a lot of people who are
going to be getting a bit of the smiling
action yeah lucky lucky them so here's
something fun pretty much every single
random ropar smiles back but only about
a half of the students i smiled at smile
back we're just unfriendly oh i don't
know i think it was so used to having
your eyes glued to the floor and we walk
and that was also something else I
noticed like I was trying to catch a
couple of people's I do like smaller
than what I'm really got into it and got
really used to it but I do it as well
like a walk and I looked down it's very
British look down at the floor look down
the floor down the floor you don't want
to blood them even by like looking at
them while making anyone feel the
slightest uncomfortable think it's if us
so I've got to hit the supermarket and
stuff so I'm sure the mean lots of
people smile out there and I will let
you guys know how it goes is horrible
outside it's galing it's very daily I
feel like I'm gonna be blown over
absolute tired I've been rereading it
with the second by Christopher Marlowe
and also doing a bunch of stuff to do
with that like reading love like
criticism about that the whole time
without fail every moment I stopped I
could just hear my head the song in them
in the second episode of nightmare Oh
anyone who knows what love is will
understand I feel like today's video has
more than any other chart to the dish
government of me throughout the day the
morning I'm so kind of sorted and on top
of things and I know exactly where
things go now I just kind of flew in
from town where there's been gales and
like rain it's all just a bit too much
for me today or just a little bit too
much I can't hear anything very well
because of my cold wish I could tell you
guys that yet again I did really well
the challenge I you know fulfill the
mission
early and everything not really the case
actually I did pretty well like in the
first half of the day but towards the
afternoon as things got dark and things
a little bit more hectic it was actually
quite hard to keep making sure you were
consciously smiling everyone especially
I found in the supermarket and in the
High Street when there's so many people
you're just kind of looking around would
like this mad grin on your face almost
for a while I lost any sort of awareness
of what my face was doing in general I
can't really have told you whether it
was smiling or not it was more kind of
probably lost in thought something or
another but yeah it's hard it's really
it takes a lot of them a lot of energy a
lot of stamina to keep smiling the whole
day which is quite a sad thing I didn't
know it just so i may seem to me like
it's quite a sad thing that smiling
doesn't feel like it's the easiest thing
the world in anything that's just
because i watched a sad episode of how i
met your mother yesterday i think that's
just because we're so used to not really
looking at everyone in the eye walking
past one another kind of completely in
that in world and I little thought that
we don't really think about those
moments properly of course over the
crossover parts but yeah I was it was
there it was interesting that this was
the one that I really really struggled
with I've ever smelled it like
two-thirds of the people i saw today
they and i was smiling at you now as
much as I would love to kind of collapse
and just sleep for about three days and
not have a cold I have to get back to
revision so whoo whoo whoo University
luckily however I do have a nice mug of
tea so that's good
