I updated my blog yesterday for the
first time in about a month or so and I
thought I'd check out the stats internet
people really like stats and I was
looking at the google searches that
people used to find my blog and some of
them were a little bit odd today's a
selection of the Google searches that
lead people to find my blog rosianna
middle names is a big search identity
Steelers like the g inhale EG hoover my
middle name will remain a secret i will
tell you this there are three of them
and the initials are CLC go to town have
good guess in the glands google search
to Liam dryden blog this is not here Lex
croucher University she is currently
enrolled in the university of my loving
a university from which there are no
dropouts Charlie McDonnell coloring
pages I don't know if there's a story
here but also not here and also
intriguing one of my blog post matches
the car boot sale which might be why any
point going to car boot sale is one of
the top searches but it was actually
searched about three times either
there's someone who's just not getting
the message that my book just not hold
information about whether or not you
should go to a car boot sale or there's
lots of very stuck people but there's
always point it's fine I love car boot
sales I think they're great and they
know a great place for you to learn how
to negotiate and how to realize you know
sometimes you can tell people that the
price the crap and they're charging too
much and sometimes you will get really
nice things out of it in all seriousness
I do get lots of kind of tumblr
questions and tweets and stuff saying
I'm studying abroad in the UK which they
do you should go to a car boot sale car
boot sales are great and I'm sure
there'll be one near you if not you can
go into London and see if there's going
to be one around and track it down and
stuff they're normally like next to
schools and things but you're allowed to
go like it's a public event unreliable
narrator of unto dust would probably
tell you to think of your own thoughts
for your essay literature degree
rosianna why did you bring that up I
will have one in 280 days hopefully I
don't know how do you know if you're a
middle class probably if you're asking
yourself that question how to write a
speech London riots one being raged to
there is no to its way to me how George
of the jungle Tarzan if zombies google
searches sad when you read them off a
list I know these ones are slightly
macabre but I found them entertaining in
a weird way so don't feel too bad about
me sharing them you should miss Exeter
has father Louisiana dad died youtubers
and a death of father dad what happened
to Rosie and mystics rehearse I have two
people getting things in bits and pieces
or they have Wi-Fi up there and my dad
is checking up to see what we're saying
about him there's rival
book split which I suppose refers to the
flip back format the harper collins kind
of format that i showed you for one day
i really really like that for our and i
don't know whether it's like has to
necessarily be a rival with ebook but it
is a great model for like a more
portable book the only thing is i think
when things are smaller people expect to
pay a lot less for them which is why the
mini treasure series the little picture
books that you can get very very small
are so cheap there like 152 pounds to 50
and they're absolutely great and very
portable it would be nice if people kind
of got used to the idea of paying ten
pounds one of these little setbacks or
whatever the RRP is for the normal
format I don't know I like them a lot
though I want more of them I would
really really like to see how the other
foot backs worked because even though I
didn't like the story of one day I
really really liked the format
apparently in my blog pops up when
people search for wire Alex and Charlie
moving out Charlie and alex is flat
Charlie and Alex house Charlie MacDonald
shoes opiyo alex day Charlie McDonnell
Christina and Alex probably getting
their movie on so it sounds like
someone's been trying to find their
house this one actually made me laugh
out loud a little bit it was like a anna
and the french kiss box it guys the book
is so good just read the book Rosie
Christina are in love and then someone
feeling the pain close to my heart why
is the Nutella always gone I don't know
I don't know I can't I literally can't
buy Nutella because I eat it in about
three hours but yeah I don't know rap
about Moby Dick is here rosianna
vegetarian that she is rosianna Mexican
that she is cardboard prison I have no
cardboard we just put out the recycling
new cyber chic eyeglasses or something
but I want the last and probably my
favorite how can Rosanna forward all the
books Britannica move to fool all the
books or a tenner is very overdue on the
burning questions on the internet
answered all right bye
