I'm feeling bit down in the mouth today
for no real reason so I'm going to do
what I used to do when I was 15 on the
internet take a survey to remember those
myspace you don't ever do that bear
anymore now because alex day has created
a YouTube survey whoo jam behind green
survey that was really fun that was
quite a long one do you still do this
Hank do you still do those surveys
because they were really fun one tell us
about your first kiss really uneventful
I was quite young and it was just bit of
them but my first like tongues kiss was
a bit messy at five tongues this is a
word to be yeah I don't I'm still good
scarred from it don't really want to
talk about it faintest buzz Jon signing
the fault in our stars I've read that
which is the most expensive casual item
of clothing you've ever bought casual
item of clothing there's my really
really really warm hoodie that i bought
a Vasa when it my first got there it was
really cold mother college who Lee Roth
Flores was the first she'll be everyone
to this kid it was really interested in
being a spy when I was younger there cuz
it still be lots of like spy but please
read lots of Mercy drew when I was
really really young way too young
Freddie to scare myself absolutely
shitless just really maxi drew i read
the mystery kids books and the mystery
Club books later after that I didn't
want to join the Ministry of
intelligence and and work for her
majesty's secret service and all that
sort of stuff but my darling father told
me that if I did work one of those i
would get blown up so yay I just been
astronaut before I realize it might be
him to exercise which I don't do very
well I want you to be righted from quite
a very very young age in fact I do you
remember one of my first novels that i
wrote was called a young life I started
when I was seven I was going to write a
chapter every year until I was 14 but I
would be old at that point so it's going
to publish it tell us about your group
of school friends at Priory school I was
friends with lots of people that I'm
still friends with which is really
really nice fairways to play like dance
routine games and we like pretend to be
hearsay in fact my friend had his a
themed party and we tried to do a dance
routine and we would play all sorts of
games with my favorite game by far as
game put adverts which you had to pick a
letter of the alphabet come up with an
advert for a product or like a company
that begins with that letter of the
alphabet that was a wonderful game I
think we were actually quite savvy about
the adverts that we had in our face we
felt quite savvy about we felt quite and
forward about it and bear in mind that
we started playing this when we were
like
I don't know nine or ten or something
like a really massive great game then
when I was in secondary school I have
like big great group of friends who
still love these people in the world
touch them who in my form for like five
years some of the were my phone for
seven years I hate know that we ever did
everything that quiz we always look
quite into like into house events and
things lots of tricks on this like poor
music teacher he was really mean to us
but she probably didn't deserve the hard
time that we gave her been very lucky to
have very very good friends to wrapped
my life so it's been really nice to have
them friends giddy should get some I had
a dinner last week with a few of them at
that was just like did I everyone bring
something I've you know like bring the
wine a SAT brought some wine they
brought out belated birthday cake and
presents and card and it was like so
sweet I have very good friends what
would you name your kids have many names
my poor poor children I really like the
name to vault with a th 0 God utter line
I really really want to live a girl
called utter line or two line into vault
earth it'd be so cute they be so perfect
I'd have try really hard to resist
naming my children like Hermione in
Alaska Louisiana isn't really like that
unusual people can never spell it who do
you want to answer the survey next I'm
gonna be really original and say you
viewer you should dance the surf in X
and post as a video response otherwise I
think I've quite like I want to ask
marion Katie and I most recent visitors
to the united kingdom of great britain
and northern ireland take the furlough
bitches
