I don't really like flying environmental
concerns aside a hard thing to face the
side I find it quite scary and I prefer
to be on a train where I can entertain
the illusion that having my feet on
somewhere I choose to call the ground
means there's such a chance we can fall
out of the sky any moment be shifted
from a comfortable and Lipson space with
my mom another car on my year abroad I
flew a lot took the bus when I dared to
train when I could walked when I could
but the u.s. is such a big country that
flying became a reality I had to face up
to
I flew alone a lot as well in fact every
single flight I took on that year I took
alone I didn't mind being alone and I
don't sign up to the in-flight internet
or anything because that way I can
appreciate being disconnected for a few
hours at a time flying over the US I saw
the Rockies and I saw day become night
and I saw night become day and I saw
shades of blue and orange and red and
yellow that you don't see anywhere else
safe when you were suspended in a metal
box miles and miles above sea level and
then when you land on Long Island and
you see the perfect outline of the city
below and for a moment the lying map
seems to be telling the truth
and the plastic globes are quite not so
ridiculous then everything is back to
normal and earth is flat again and
you're getting ready to fly again and
you're anxious about it stressing about
passport control and liquids and making
sure you have chewing gum so your ears
do pop and somehow you forget how
incredible it is that for a moment
you're higher than the clouds and seeing
world from a height where you could
almost see it curve
