hello everyone so I want to talk about a
couple of things before I launch into
what this video's actually mainly about
the first one being that I got into the
next round of next up and I'm so excited
about it and thank you so much for you
know existing the thing that you can do
now if you would like is go to the page
shoo-shoo book concepts next up look for
my face it's like holdin I'm holdin like
a cup of tea you can give it a green
thumbs up you can vote once a day until
the end of the waiting period which I
believe is the end of next week you
could vote for more than one person as
well so if you've already voted flexor
days or sauna or anyone there's so many
people entering the competition and it's
gonna be so great you don't just have to
vote for them or just wait for me can
you know vote for whoever you like it's
up to you at more details about that are
in the description bar below but it's
really really easy just go to youtube
com forward slash next up second part
and wearing the appropriate t-shirt to
date this wasn't planned but it worked
out quite nicely my secret brother John
reveal the title of his upcoming book
The Fault in Our Stars I'm very excited
of the book and I'm very very happy that
it's doing as well as it is it's had
many j's number one on amazon it doesn't
have cover and it hasn't been finished
yet and it's just amazing so cool so I'm
excited to read that lots of you have
asked me about what it's like stained
hospitals because I think especially if
you're not from Europe you have a very
skewed idea of what a hostel is horrible
horrible news stories about hostels you
don't get all the good stuff which is
everyone hanging out together most
people being students so firstly I want
to show you a clip of the hostal de este
de in Miami one of them not the nicer
one then I saw one was the other one the
best hostel I say that is the Chicago
hostel without a doubt is gorgeous
hostel international amazing and the
second clip we're going to show you is
of a really cheap motel that we stayed
up which is one of those faces which has
one star on like TripAdvisor or whatever
it's called that's kind of another idea
of low budget travel boom
this one's pretty small it's like the
smaller sauce with opening but it's
alright it's my bunk Marsh me scary
pretty small but otherwise alright
bathroom one of the reviews were
absolutely awful and said that they were
like Anton before and this phase would
have dumped it was $41 to a gossamer
staying here me and Sammy so I'd like
it's not that bad and also it's a really
nice area right next to the beach it's
not fancy but I feel like I'm you're
wondering though let's have a tour shall
we I've got like the fancy light bulb
and the mirrors well cleaned you tell
its kind of falling apart a little bit
especially with this wallpaper that's
kind of been yanked off the walls and
all the light bulbs that don't work even
have kitchen I'm terrified to open any
of the cupboards just in case but
there's a kitchen all the same not too
shabby the front doors quite nice is it
just my imagination or does the TV
almost worked yes just enjoy and house
is on TV successful party
you
I you're well women's and fishes
tomorrow which I'm really excited about
can't believe that Sharapova was beaten
spoilers sorry whoops hope he will watch
the tennis next up in the description
bar below youtube.com forward slash next
up side Eric don't want to really be
like annoying about next up at the same
time this is a life-changing amount of
money
