hello everyone my name is Rosie Anna and
I'm a video blogger here on youtube
using the username is sex oral house
I've been making videos on youtube since
2006 could ease about bonfires and see
sides and world events and books
whatever weird thing they thought up
that day bubble really about growing up
because I've been making them on here
for such a long time that somehow these
videos film this weird little narrative
I call my youtube channel my scrapbook
because it's not a boxed in thing I
don't just do one thing I try and try
and try all sorts of different things
and that's kind of how the whole
experience has been to me I've learnt
how to edit videos I've learned what
works and what doesn't work what I like
and what you guys like and I really
appreciate that communication side of
YouTube YouTube is bringing the next up
competition to Europe and I'm in with a
chance to win 20,000 euros which is it
Nick crazy amount of money I would treat
it as a huge responsibility a kind of
treats as an arts grant or creative
grant an education grant in a way the
prize includes does create account which
I'd be really interested in attending
but the money itself i would use for
getting a proper video camera because i
don't actually own one i have a digital
camera that stops recording and a
million and a half and i have the webcam
built into my laptop that i use but i
don't have a digital camera i would use
it have more space on my computer so
that I didn't have to delete half the
footage that I do end up managing to
record because there's not enough space
to edit it things like microphones say
that when it's windy outside or even
just when I'm filming using my webcam I
can actually have a decent quality of
sound without an amazing amount of
portability to my videos for lighting so
when I come home late from work or in
the British winter time I can make
videos a well-lit a lot of time it does
restrict me sometimes you do see my
videos kind of darkly lit but they
that's just when I managed to do it a
lot the time I have to give up because
it's too late at night to film it would
be extremely helpful considering I'm one
year away from graduating University I
would love to continue to be able to put
aside the time for making these videos
without having to panic about making it
between a late shift and early morning
shift this grant would just open up so
many doors possibility creative
possibility I would be absolutely
honored if you voted me that would be so
wonderful just as a kind of closing
parenthesis I think that the real strong
and probably only thread between the
videos I made when I was younger and the
videos I make now is me in them although
many of the things I love are the same I
think
being a lot more daring trying out
different types of videos and putting
footage together in different ways and
performing different stories with it
shall see where that leads but I just
feel like I'm full of this weird
potential energy I feel like it can do
even more and I would be so so excited
did I mention how excited I would be to
win this I would be so excited the end
goodbye everyone lovely to meet you if I
haven't met you before
