some time ago on digg i think it was
there was a picture and a little story
about a sushi bar they had started
serving Rick rolls after a long day at
work today and on my way back I started
thinking about all the other things that
I would serve in my ideal food
establishment now I start to think about
sushi bars and sushi bar stuff say for
example there was of course the Hank
roll quickly followed by the giant squid
roll which you could have in various
states of anger the various states of
anger would directly correlate with just
how spicy would say for example you
could have mild anger moderate anger
severe anger and then you could have the
giant squid of Rob just burn your mouth
with its extreme rage and for Americans
I say Roth you say wrath when i was in
america and i went to american sushi
places they had this thing called a boat
i don't know if it's just in the sushi
place near that's the college but you
can have sushi and a boat and i would
have all these different types of sushi
it would be a wide selection it's also
literally in this boat I think there
would be like a boat special cord i'm on
a boat where whenever you ordered it you
would have to stand up and sing the
first verse and chorus of the song
whether Lonely Island and it would be
great fun I'm sure everyone in the
restaurant would be thrilled to have you
instead of sake bombing or llega bombing
there would be photobombing I'm not sure
exactly how this would work if you do
have any ideas do you leave them in the
comments may be some kind of dropping of
a shot glass made up of photographs into
a bigger glass I don't know I haven't
thought through the details yet I
started to kind of deviate from the
sushi field and I thought about other
drinks that I just think about the wine
cone which would be a cone filled with
wine that you could get it would be like
made of plastic or something and then
when you finish drinking it you could
put it on your head as a hat and it
would just double as a lovely souvenir
and a way to put stuff on your head to
make yourself feel happier but if you
were feeling really fancy say for
example you were there to celebrate an
engagement you could get a fine cone
which would be one made out of crystal
which you could also put on your head
but might be slightly more expensive I'm
not thinking tiny little dainty cones
here I'm thinking big cones like goblets
but in cone shaped and they would have
little rings it as you could rest them
it I've thought about this party month
breakfast is always a popular option so
you could have breakfast LNG on which
would be like a french toast with some
kind of sugary spread but cut out in the
shape of the cats on a musical dish
you're coming with a musical glass of
orange juice that would have caused
Pavin Yan song whenever you lifted it up
to you guys remember those they used to
flash it was great Mike a jingle bells
it was lovely I don't know if they still
sell those and I don't know if any of
you know what I'm talking about it was
great
stuff that you use every day except to
play this song and it really annoyed
everyone around you that's why I loved
them lastly the final thing I came up
with a salad ala haley jus hoover that
you'd pick the things that you'd want in
your salad they would put it in a brown
bag they shake it shake it shake it
shake it and this poor out in your plate
and it would be great it would be like
the most unique side you'd ever have and
then if you wanted it to go you could
just roll it all up and take it with you
yeah I'm pretty crazy that's what's
going with me I have 25 more pages with
mr. green about 300 more pages of The
Pale King I'm just about to start the
clock work through and I'm reading
poetry which is great and i am i'm
reading a lot i'm reading a lot right
now and i'm also starting to reach
vegetation which is pretty scary I'm
starting to get ideas about what it's
going to be on but you won't find out
that for a very long time because I'm
just playing with ideas and seeing
whether or not I'm just making out
so yeah there we go so have you well if
you had some kind of establishment tell
me what kind of theme things you'd put
in there I also heard this idea which is
peculiar coming from a vegetarian but
that you could order french llama
someone ordered that then the waiter
would call into the kitchen French the
llama could have a like grilled llama
grilled in like garlic juice and it
would be great so yeah some of us need
to have some rest I think
