and so it came to pass that I had to say
more goodbyes on the penultimate night
of vassar college senior week we burnt
things together at midnight old essays
went on the fire drafts of theses emails
to professors and strangely a sofa fire
is transfixing and we are obsessed with
it the japanese myths of the kojiki
paint virus destructive it kills as an
army in the text of the Rigveda fire
sacrificial young and immortal the word
itself bonfire comes from bein fire a
medieval turn for the burning of the
bones of slaughtered animals the galax
associated burning with cleansing and I
think to a very large extent that's what
we were all trying to do that night to
have some kind of physical
representation of the ridding of self
from anxiety and the stress that can
kind of consume you at the end of the
year in every conversation I had that
night someone would mention the rapture
that had supposedly happened earlier
that week somewhere in the back of my
mind I can help but think that this very
peak in human and earthly act of the
bonfire wasn't in some way Helena the
floor was literally on fire we are so
intent on destroying things we are so
obsessed with it no matter what it does
to the air around us no matter what it
does to the air we breathe we just get
into these states of mind sometimes
where it's like we just want to destroy
everything we just want it to end we
just want to turn into ash time and time
again we just aim for this really and
truly impossible finality and without
you know wanting to sound to preaching
pretentious about it I mean that's what
that really showed me how impossible
that was even just looking at the things
that we were putting on the spire the
trees and the paper and the plastic and
rubber and sofas that all connected
their materials are connected they come
from the same place they go into the
same place they won't stop there not to
be the etymology nerd or and thing but
rapture itself also means ecstasy and I
can't help but think there was something
really ecstatic about the way in which
we went about this as there for a couple
of hours we allowed ourselves to
entertain the illusion that we were in
control of the end of things whereas in
reality we were kind of facing the
complete opposite and that's a lack of
control in the end of things whether or
not we were looking forward to the next
stage which I think everyone was in
attempting to make it so
we have the power to make something
cease to exist we weren't factually
enacting an age-old ritual that night in
that fire the tree bound is a quiet
reminder of our ability we play the role
of the destroyer only to mask a physical
instability our anxiety incidentally by
burning to rid ourselves from that
anxiety I think we actually end up
making that anxiety about our physical
instability more obvious to everyone
