I made a video in December of 2010 when
I was stranded in New York because there
was lots of snow in the UK and in that
video I asked you all for ideas on what
to do to keep me entertained and I took
one suggestion from a youtube user
called pretty fascinated who said make
origami paper cranes and plant them in
different places around the hotel now I
did this but I was followed and the
person who followed me it was a very
unhappy cleaning man as a result I just
hid the rest of them the teeny tiny ones
especially around the room I felt kind
of guilty the whole time because I
wondered who you know the housekeeping
you're gonna have to clean this up oh no
oh no but it was really nice to do
something a bit crafty rather than just
sitting back and watching TV or playing
on my computer so thanks for suggestion
pretty fascinating
