who is outside on the Upper West Side
nanny nanny rich kids nanny nanny rich
kids nanny nanny rich kid leprechaun 99
rich kid nanny a rich kid no you know a
rich kid Pete Murray I've wandered
around Central Park a few times since I
arrived in America last year but then
Thursday I got to spend five hours
wandering around and I still love it I
love how you can walk through the trees
and all the sounds and the traffic is
immediately gone I love how big it is I
love how you can feel like you still can
never really know everything there's
always places to be explored there's
always little buildings theaters little
lakes little gazebos that you weren't
have recognized and there's all these
statues of faces of people that I will
never really know about I mean I tried
so much I care to read up about Daniel
Webster he was on this statue has a very
scary face of Wikipedia but I couldn't
really absorb all of it or understand
all of it it's amazing how much the US
has kind of influenced my life and I've
always thought America was very present
with all the pop culture and all that
kind of stuff constantly in my face and
constantly on the radio as that famous
song goes but there's still so much we
don't know and there's still only so
much the pop culture and that any kind
of culture chooses to tell us and who
knows maybe in a year time I will
probably be sticking my face and books
about Daniel Webster trying to find out
more about this conservative politician
so opposed to Andrew Jackson just as
kind of a side note that he's impulsive
always struck me as a little bit weird
because they always try and like be a
bit wild and be a bit crazy and be this
romantic natural vision I suppose and
yet you have this very strong reminder
that you're not entirely wild and that
you are a person walking through this a
person who is in some way connected to a
society that it's telling them that
another person is important and deserves
to be remembered for whatever reason
it's just a really peculiar feeling
we don't expect a big party because we
have all this kind of secret places like
that before gazebo but probably everyone
knows about but still it's just to kind
of feel like it's wild enough to hide
within whether it's true I can't help
thinking of Olmstead the landscape
designer who designed the park and who
famously had a very specific very strict
vision of how he wanted the parks to be
seen and everything with his creations
to be seen and how little control he has
bit now with discarded some patch of
state beads on the floor and with people
carving their names into gazebos and
putting swings in even in the very
strictly regulated park and things from
outside still managing to birth through
somehow burst through the sound barrier
the treatise and Patrick's Day Parade
the Shane always a bit just bursting
through was really incredible moving
from the west to the east side the park
you could just hear it all it's noise in
all its glory second thing I could stop
thinking about was a baby sister club
because in one of the books Stacy takes
her because she's babysitting two
o'clock in Central Park and I just
imagined it completely differently and
it was just completely surreal
experience a cozy parentheses on a
nostalgic spring break to say the least
PS I saw a turtle in the lake I was
trying to get close-up footage but
there's a ninja stepped into the water
before I could properly grab the
experience with my camera it was like he
didn't want to be a YouTube star or
something I mean I didn't know what was
wrong with him
