hi everyone there are two things I want
to talk about it's truly briefly today
the first one is big downer so please
stick with me through that as those of
you who follow me on Twitter may know
I've been extremely concerned especially
today with the lack of awareness there
seems to be about the severity of the
situation in Libya Libya is located in
North Africa to its east as Egypt to its
West Algeria and Tunisia so it's part of
that region of North Africa and the
Middle East that's been hit very heavily
by protests and uprisings and
revolutions and all those sorts of
things I'd really like to make a full
properly researched video about all the
recent developments kind of informative
including the really horrible reports
that the Libyan military started firing
on protesters from planes and also our
hands aren't quite so clean Tony Blair
new labored European countries in
general we all have a big role of
supporting Colonel Gaddafi 99.999% all
because of oil interests unfortunately
right now I'm right in the middle of
writing midterm papers and haven't yet
had the chance to properly do all the
research that I want to do before I feel
comfortable making and uploading a
YouTube video about a situation kind of
an informative YouTube video about it I
can't do that unless I have all my facts
straight or as much as possible
nonetheless that makes a number of good
sources articles live blogs Twitter
accounts all that sort of thing about
the situation so you can find out a bit
more about in your free time please know
that all these sources will have a bias
but that doesn't of course mean that we
should discount the sources of what they
have to say because all sources have a
bias if someone found me an unbiased
source I would give them hundreds of
thousands of books as a galaxy chocolate
at the highest honor there literally is
no source that will not have some bias
of some sort so yeah this whole this is
this is just a plea for you to keep kind
of checking news spreading the news and
to keep Libya Bahrain Algeria Egypt
everywhere in that region everyone
affected in your thoughts and not to
mention those who were affected in
Christchurch New Zealand who had just
undergone a very very different kind of
disaster and will also probably be
needing our help secondly on a much
lighter and much superficial niche the
point that almost feel bad including in
this video I've uploaded five new videos
and high-definition from Pittsburgh
featuring performances by Alma bear cub
solo performances by Norman Fairweather
a clip of John Green speech and of the
great introduction that he got at the
Pittsburgh Carnegie Library lecture hall
black white and red all over Syria
additionally have
so I did two more story can't drive
series thank you so much for the
wonderful feedback on my last video and
you can find those two sets of videos in
their respective playlist which will be
linked down here but also should be
dancing around my face right now and
just do me a favor and like check the
news like once today or something if you
don't check the news normally on a
regular basis I understand that we can't
fix everything in the world and we can't
help everyone that we want to help but
the little things that we can do just
not pretend that these things aren't
happening we have to at least be aware
of them and we have to at least just be
on the listening and there's some of the
footage from today and then there's or
even to say about the things that we've
kind of just given up reporting now
thanks everyone so I hope you get a more
research video about Libya up that we
you will see because I have to write
essays by check out the links
