I'd be lying if I said that weren't
points on this trip when I wish I could
drive and I wish I could just kind of
pull myself out of situations and go
places and the main example of this was
that I took a bus and megabus wait dear
because I managed to put my tickets
during the megabus 200,000 to get to
give away so my ride out Pittsburgh was
free my ride back was ten dollars so you
can't really complain about it but on
the way out unfortunately the bus broke
down and the trip from New York to
Pittsburgh is about eight hours or so
and we were stuck at this gas station
which is where we broke down because the
battery mounted for about six hours but
supposed to rhyme at Pittsburgh at seven
in the morning and we arrived at midday
it was good because I'd allowed a lot of
time just in case things happen and
that's always a really good plan if
you're flying or if you're taking
coaches and taking public transportation
because you're not in control of your
journey in the same way that you would
be if you're walking or if you're in a
car I must broke down and I was kind of
fine but it made me realize that one
thing I should always pack with me when
I travel is a blanket I've bought a nice
kind of 3 c1 which was very thin for
seven dollars at the gas station as I
say it was thin but it was kind of
effective and was just an extra layer on
top I was wearing lots of layers anyway
water and snacks and chewing gum are my
big essentials for those kinds of trips
you go surprisingly quickly because you
can look out a window and because you're
not flying high in the air do you all
like on the ground for some reason for
me that makes the trip fuel so quicker I
did get quite not reading done but I
never get as much sun gate i think i'm
going to as far as kind of bus as a mode
of transportation guys I think it's
quite good I was little bus from Boston
to New York with a company like a star
that was about fifteen dollars great
service they tend to be quite on time
they tend to know what they're talking
about they give you
about what time you're going to get
there I do pretend I wasn't worried and
I wasn't stressed out and it wasn't kind
of obsessed by the fact that the bus
broke down for that said that it wasn't
the end of the world and the riving the
way back was absolutely perfect also if
you have this situation where your bus
breaks down call up customer services if
you're not satisfied with how they dealt
with a situation and they should give
you some kind of conversation for it
like it should give you a refund and if
possible they should give you like a
free trip or about or something like
that pastor I had wasn't aware of where
the battery boards in the coach and that
turned out to be the problem the battery
mounted and he was like I'm not a
mechanic I'm not mechanic I'm just a bus
driver I just drive the bus I'm just
kind of like okay you drive the bus but
to a certain extent when you're
responsible for about 60 people you
should know how you can jump-start the
coach when it breaks down anyway
