hi everyone say one of my big fears for
2017 and just life in general is that
will lose the amazing momentum that
stuff this year where we still women's
marches and people going to airport to
stand up the Muslims and stand up for
refugees and just have this sense that
we need to get involved and we weren't
doing enough before you kind of coast it
a little bit we weren't getting in touch
with the people you were supposed to
represent us we weren't showing up and
only at this point of what felt like
great global crisis or at these several
points of great global crises 2016 was a
tough one did we find in ourselves the
urgency that we needed to ask Taylor
it's rather time when my absolute
favorite youtubers released a video
about a month ago called business
challenge Taylor's video ties into my
sense that more than ever we have
responsibility to share ways we can get
more involved not less involved so the
first challenge was to familiarize
yourself with the ways in which you can
get in contact with the people you
represent you as I made a video others
could call your representatives which I
did an example phone call I use the
website prior calls or but I survived by
kayla i also added the contact
information of the office of my
representative and my senators into my
phone and that is because i mean you can
the preferred method of contact for an
MP to write to them i added their
contact information into my address book
in gmail that all i have to do is write
the first couple messages and Randy's
name and upper pops in gmail also fell
easy does it the second challenge was to
set up at require a donation this
reading health charities with their
planning and budgeting for the year
ahead certain other recurring donation
isn't something that's always impossible
for me so I completely understand if
this one doesn't seem like an option to
you you might not realize we have the
money the whole idea might make you
extremely anxious we might not even have
access to a credit card signed account
so if any of that applies to you or
other reasons as well consider setting
up a monthly recurring volunteer day
they're not so different to purchase
this you can have a fundraising angle
you can go to a local have a hard day
you can go to the website the charities
you'd want to donate to you and look for
ways you can volunteer again both often
they have lists of that it's about
carving out that time it doesn't have to
be the same time every single month
there some schedule changes and you have
different shifts and so on but setting
out specific amount of time every single
month that you commit to doing something
I find this quickly helpful because
often the month rushes by and all the
sudden it
and then I'm like wait a minute where
does that go in my life I found as the
help full time to sweep asked me whether
that is going the voluntary so well even
dedicating in our as a month to go into
my stuff and see what I can get rid of
to give to the charity shop x number
three was by the protest this was
something that has been a saving grace
in Indiana because I struggle to get out
the door every morning knowing that
going to still see a bunch of cars with
chump stickers on them or that I've been
walking to a bar and there's going to be
a guy in the mid-american great game cap
or a check the news and find that
there's a guy who's been hanging and
Nazi flag outside of his path I read
that article today it is not far from
where of it and I am just I can't I
can't process that it's just I get so
angry so it can feel really isolating
and they know that this isn't the case
for everywhere but it's been amazing for
me in Indiana to show up to protest and
have thousands people who are standing
alongside me my friends and I went down
to the airport protests not expecting
there to be that much of a showing at
all and feeling like a voice was
particularly important because of that I
nearly breakdown fist pounding for
stopping when I thought of how many
people have shown up so you do find a
protest about something you care about
if you can't so much for science is
coming up for example turnout might not
be at the scale of DC or Chicago or New
York relay but with you there you are
adding a whole person to protest and
even more if you bring along some
friends to number four is run for office
but that's not the be-all and end-all if
you don't want to run for something
that's literally website good run for
something to organ this is a great way
let's find out about people who are
running near you and also what the
process is actually like what the
requirements are really it's a civic
education and local government so I
signed up to run for something
newsletters but i also have a great idea
for a bonus exercise which is running a
state campaign for yourself that would
make you think about what roles that
office is responsible for who you be
speaking to what issues are important to
you what issues aren't being dealt with
and also existing possible solutions and
groups that you could work with to get
to those places that you think that
particular office should be you know
grab a nap and then it's terrible
because the frame but he just ruined
every word aiming for parents number
five is
listen I tried to be a better listener
tightly about a question asker and I've
also sought really care for me about the
kinds of questions that I'm listening to
you in my podcast I've been really
enjoying the podcast the conversation
not to be confused with the series
insurance the same age you were many
work in the same jobs in different
countries talk about their jobs and have
working their experiences and their
problems and the struggles and so on and
for me it's been such a brilliant way to
have a range of opinions about what day
to day working like this with people in
completely different situations which
during the same job / sensibly but
listen to people in your day to day life
and think how extra credit in your
personal campaign you would include or
address or find a way to challenge their
fears and concerns and priorities for
the world in which we find ourselves so
that's me doing the resistive challenge
I think this video probably be longer
than five minutes but who knows it's
just me being or branding it but for
today see you tomorrow you know what in
space time is relative it has the penis
of uploads all the videos you've seen in
the same day so hourly blogger that's me
alright
