Pittsburgh is such a walkable city I
think that's a large part of why I
enjoyed my visit to Pittsburgh number 28
and 29 of january two thousand eleven
such a great deal it's a really
different experience we had from the
walkable cities in front of the kind of
city that you experience through subways
and metros and cars and you know that
necessitates add some forms of
transportation like the freedom to walk
is incredible and it feels very powerful
this all sounds very pretentious coming
from someone who is just ridiculously
interested in how like we move through
space and how kind of we arrange space
and how we perceive states because I
read English at university you can walk
basically everywhere in downtown
Pittsburgh the north side and the south
side all connected by this glorious
bridges whilst I was in Pittsburgh I
spent some time with my friend Jules we
went to the ante warhol museum together
a web lunch he's an exchange student
from the University and study out in the
UK and he's studying at the University
of Pittsburgh he was telling me how
there wasn't an awful lot of kind of bad
feeling or resentment between the
students Pittsburgh and the townspeople
because everyone is very United but this
love for the Pittsburgh Steelers the
American football team you see this
everywhere everyone is wearing black and
yellow in Pittsburgh and funnily enough
somo today it's as though shock people
feel like if they do not have the
biggest fan is that they'll be run out
of the city the bosses have it on their
little flashes foods I took a bus the
two dollars twenty-five to Oakland which
is kind of a university area which you
could walk to you theoretically the
lighted near the cathedral of learning
and the Carnegie public library in the
Carnegie Museum of Natural History
there's a big story as to why carnitas
and so many names around Pittsburgh my
dad told me the story a couple of days
after i returned from Pittsburgh if
you'd like to hear it you should ask
your father or will compete here it
the library itself is absolutely
beautiful but it's a great great great
great part about this trip was that I
got to see when friends Matt and Nora my
visit them together our almond bear cub
and they perform and they're just
absolutely brilliant
as always I felt very lucky to be their
friends I also saw my really lovely very
talented secret brother John who was
kind of the start the showed the evening
he was giving a talk as part of the
Pittsburgh arts and lectures series
being an English major himself I believe
he talked in part about maps right we
know what the world looks like the world
looks like that but the map also shapes
the world and so we must be careful and
thoughtful cartographers to give you
that into the fact that map shapes the
world let me show you a map from
Australia
the only reason that norton is up of
course is because we're in the north I
think that we must be careful and
thoughtful cartographers for ourselves
and for each other because the maps that
we draw through the stories that we tell
and the way we imagine the world around
us shape our understanding of ourselves
others and the world we talk about space
and foot English made it to do that was
so much fun I only got a couple of clips
of this talk because I was so busy kind
of listening to it and just like
thinking about it one of my favorite
Clips would actually have to be this
little piece of footage and authority
instead of the interpreting will and I'm
depending on know why patrolman john was
filming the projection of his own face
talking about the French Revolution
after the talk there was so many
nerdfighters round
matan Laura continue to play I continue
to poke around the library completely in
order the amazing teen section that this
library had also looks like the grown-up
fiction section as well and do promise
but I just get very excited because teen
fiction it's something that isn't really
embraced as much as it should be in the
UK and then to see the slime just
stuffed full of teen fiction was
absolutely breathtaking at the end of it
I was talking to Matt and Lauren and
join army were all just saying like it
just it was overwhelming the feeling was
like I kept describing I 2008 but it
wasn't really like terminus and it
wasn't really like a date it was
something simultaneously completely new
and completely old and nostalgic and you
just want to kind of grab onto it and
keep on to it forever and even know how
to describe it it was like I felt I've
been like smacked in the face by a wing
of a swan of Awesome and it was just
riding through the sky and I'm just
great that evening reminded me of the
power of wonderful moments and wonderful
experiences and when my bus break down
on the way to Pittsburgh i was thinking
like why did I do this I you know I
spent a little only spend those money
but I said a bit of money getting here
I'm going to spend money kind of eating
out here and you know I could have just
stayed and just gone ahead with my
meeting and you know I know that sounds
really boring to say but I was generally
thinking like this wasn't really a
practical decision when you get there
you have these experiences you feel like
these are why you go and adventures you
going to register these really amazing
safe but simultaneously like explosive
and brilliant feelings and these moments
are loud and happy and fun and
everyone's just like thrilled but
they're also members kind of quiet
contentedness that just so worth it so
thank you Pittsburgh for a really lovely
trip keep an eye on the description bar
for this video's smell beeping of
information about finding accommodation
and getting around over the next couple
of days it's part of my story can't
drive project without trying to travel
around the US without a driver's license
and being under 21 Thank You Pittsburgh
they denied by does thanks John man
Lauren just meant that I kind of carried
that contention this into the first part
of this week and it's been like prices I
hope you're well there's an ice storm
outside and my voice is going Sarah good
times talk to her
