quick video because I still have the
last 10 pages of this amazing book
called the invention of the jewish
people in your pants to read and it's
really good really interested in tracing
the history of nation and nationalism in
any way that's not what I want to talk
about today as per usual I am deviating
from the subject which is of course
Harry Potter this is your token Harry
Potter video from my channel Harry
Potter has been an influence in my life
since I was 6 years old I still can't
find the words to talk about just
exactly what he's done in my life
because he's done so much this little
boy wizard with spectacles or rather do
roaring has done so much by writing this
book about this little boy wizard with
spectacles it's been really peculiar
actually over the flat last couple of
days I was interviewed by USA Today and
your lines ants a bitch column they were
asking me of course you know what's the
best thing I butch was giving you or
what you think is gonna happen or why is
it that people love Harry Potter as
always when I talk about it I can't
articulate myself because I just like I
can't describe it it's done too much
it's too much of a phenomenon and that
really is the right word I mean I really
didn't like the gym early and Oprah
interview for many reasons mainly
because it seemed to all revolve around
money but I think the most interesting
thing that came out of that was rolling
saying that she had learned not to chase
the phenomenon that the phenomenon
happened and it was amazing and that
she'll treasure that but that's not
thing to be striving for all the time
and she gave the example of Michael
Jackson and thriller and that he was
always chasing that experience after
that but that was like that was an
exceptional time I think we have to
remember that as well me and my friends
tend to get quite melodramatic when we
leave our friends behind because we
normally see each other maybe three or
four days a year sometimes a little bit
more and it's sad because you know you
love these people you want to spend more
time with them and that idea of post
Potter depression oh man will never have
this again this was such a defining
moment in our lives and how lucky are we
that these books to find our childhood
rather than anything
else to finding our childhood really
this isn'ta bastard Twilight honestly
like you know I don't like twilight with
this I promise you is it to bash
Twilight oh do you wonder what I would
have been like if I read twilight kind
of in place of harry potter almost cuz i
started reading here i come to when I
was six so maybe I would have started
Twilight when I was like 10 or something
something younger than I should have I
think that would have made a very
different person I'm very much shaped by
the books I read we do need to hold on
to the idea that this whole experience
is an exception it's something
exceptional phenomenal and of course we
should celebrate that but we shouldn't
spend our lives chasing after all of
that that happened or looking for
something else to replace that neither
should I hold it as the central part of
my life because one of the amazing
things about high cultures that it's
permeated so much of my life mainly
through the friend that's introduced me
to you and other things we were
interested in and other experiences that
we've had together that aren't so
directly linked to harry potter but i do
except that now it's not going to be
essential as it has been for the past 10
years already since the release of the
last book the whole experience has been
different and it's not been terrible and
i have been really excited for these
phones is we're just my thought i'm very
excited to see the film you don't want
to try and get a review uphill tomorrow
if not because i'll be away for the
weekend I am I'll try and do so on the
sunday or monday thank you guys like i
just watched my secret brother Hank
Green's video on the vlog brothers
channel the harry potter song that he's
watching this year is absolutely
fantastic and in many ways relates to
what I speak about today check it out
