hi YouTube so those of you who know me
or who know me in the sense that you've
spent more than five minutes with me
will know that i absolutely love
chocolate here is a Venn diagram
illustrating my love for things for
example books and chocolate are joined
by the common theme of things I love
more than anything else in the universe
with the exception of vampire fiction
and American chocolate which by the way
is absolutely disgusting sorry you get
to a certain age I think when you made
very aware of where things came from for
me with regards to chocolate that don't
come within many talks I had at my
school by Fairtrade companies telling me
fair trade is good fair trade is an
interesting option that actually
preceded that with fiction with a little
book written in 1964 by roland are
called Charlie in the Chocolate Factory
in it we see Willy Wonka over rich white
man going to lumple and picking some up
Olympus up out there and shipping them
off to us factory why I also have to
question the reliability of the narrator
and look at it with a slightly skeptical
Marxist bouchal I that's not really what
this video is about today whether or not
you think that William Wong is
exploiting the emblem versus a question
for the comments perhaps act as many
workers are still being exploited Roald
Dahl went to school very near the
Cadbury's chocolate factory in
Birmingham and that was the source of
much of his inspiration for Charlie
chocolate factory or so he sets
relatively recently categories made the
switch fair trade for their dairy milk
chocolate bar there's the Fairtrade
brand divine and double chocolate bars
and even Kit Kat has gone fair trade Oh
November the first the harry potter
alliance wrote a letter to Time Warner
the company who owns Warner Brothers
asking them to switch all the harry
potter merchandising to fair trade you
can sign a petition in support and you
can sign with a house and get power
points this is part of harry potter
alliance is deathly hallows campaign
fair trade is incredibly important but
fortunately even when companies do you
make the switch to fair trade it doesn't
guarantee that all their ingredients are
fair trade for example while the cocoa
beans in a chocolate would be fair trade
source cocoa beans the sugar in it might
not be from fair trade sources so it's
still a very murky area then there's
lots of other factors because everything
could be fair trade for the company you
buy your oil from might be cutting down
loads of forests and killing
bunch of Orion time Nestle nonetheless
it's an important step and for those of
you who attempted to comment the
petitions never solve anything at least
it gets the issue on the table as harry
potter fans we are the target consumer
of harry potter merchandising if we
don't say who's going to in reality it's
in Time Warner's best interest in as
much less practical change in people's
lives it's also very symbolic it's
showing that they won't associate
themselves with exploitation with
inhumane working conditions so people
get properly compensated for their work
and not forgotten about by the wayside
not treated as a mask as arguably the
emblems are the fair trade allows people
to continue working in their labor
environment but in a veteran environment
in a better structure more viable
structure of ferrous structure honestly
no it's not going to solve the problem
overnight if Time Warner do decide to
make that shift to fair trade products
but it's going to be a very very decent
step to getting a fairer system overall
into place anyway for the link to sign
is down here in my little chocolate
factory I'm personally sighing as a
Gryffindor but Phil for a bigger house
anyhow what house would you like to pick
love Gryffindor people tend to think on
the Raven cool just because I like to
read a lot but i think the character i
am undoubtedly most like in the high
products although she's far cleverer
than I will ever be as hermione granger
I'm a SWAT I'm annoyed or I'm the first
person to put my hand up in the course
if I know the answer and I won't put it
down until someone calls me anticipa--
