hello everyone I've been in a bad place
for a few days it's been fairly lonely
down here and I felt really grotesque
and useless and like a car with no
petrol in it system still trying to
drive forward I've been angry at ghosts
and then wishing those ghosts would
become slightly more corporeal and then
the most insidious things that have
become angry at myself you have all of
these things you have this wonderful
life and yet you still feel like this
but today is International Women's Day
and I have spent much the day poring
over stories of women wonderful
wonderful women stories in newspapers
and on Twitter of communities and
entrepreneurs and little girls ambitions
and stories of those yet further
sidelined undocumented immigrants trans
women especially trans women of color
disabled women especially disabled women
of color I could go on and on
I received a book from it I just noticed
that my pajamas are poking out okay
I received a book from penguin a couple
of days ago that I think is fair to say
is mostly for younger readers it's
called good night stories for rebel
girls it starts by saying to the rebel
girls of the world dream bigger aim
higher fight harder and when in doubt
remember you are right there tells
within our inspiring but they also make
me cross and some kind of visceral way
across that I'm hearing so many of these
stories of real women in history for the
very first time that there was no reason
to have to make do with histories and
try to imagine my way into them because
women were there women who within
themselves held and were international
women who were more than one country or
one culture women like me I love the
artwork in this book the color the
vibrancy and that descents with every
one of these stories that this is just
an introduction to each of these women
and then at the very end an invitation
to write your own story and draw your
portrait this may be a silly activity
but I'd encourage you all in comments
write a story about a woman who's
inspired you whether that's a hidden
woman in history or a friend or both and
then take those stories be on the
keyboard and keep them keep telling them
keep sharing them put yourselves and
your friends and the Forgotten women of
history back in the narrative because
they belong there
once upon a time there was a girl called
Lex he was born on a day celebrating
women everywhere Lex had principles
fought with iron and hair spun with gold
and hidden in her heart was a magic
compass that pointed her way to those
who needed her help and determine
support the compass led her to some
penguins who'd been trapped in the dark
and terrible conditions sometimes the
compass led her further afield to scare
children in a camp right next to a war
zone more than once she found herself
closer to home picking up the phone for
a friend who was having a breakdown or
boy crazy or just feeling a bit lonely
in a supermarket 4,000 miles away
each and every time she used her
lionesses roar to stand up for what was
right and to invite others to roll with
her until they did learn to Rauf
themselves happy birthday Lex happy
International Women's Day everyone and
I'll see you tomorrow probably
