to some crazy reason because I don't
have enough to do I decided to do now in
write me this year my username for
nanowrimo was created immediately or
sometime around the release of john
green's book paper town so like my
twitter name the other time lady it is
somewhat related my username on nano
rider is a paper girl so feel free to
add me on that the story is kind of a
story of space exploration and
university life at the same time and
it's sort of a mystery as well I don't
know it's very exciting i recently
bought in the writing program Scrivener
at the recommendation of maureen johnson
and then i'm finding it I hate writing
programs I absolutely hate them I hate
their stupid patronizing prompts I
dislike them the Scrivener is amazing
and for academic writing and finding it
very useful as well I have a lot to read
at the moment I'm doing for co again and
which is very interesting slightly
different perspective Madhu Finnegan's
wait still and we are just we just
reading so much everyone i'm reading so
much i'm glad i got a little bit ahead
of my work in an octave a break but i'm
i'm reading unlocked at the moment i
finished the brief wondrous life of
Oscar Wow which I thought was really
good I really enjoyed that I'd be really
interested in any of you have read it
and you don't speak Spanish I'd be
interested to know what you thought of
it and how you found reading it I feel
like it demands of you a kind of some
kind of knowledge of spanish or
colloquialism I don't know it'd be
interesting how you how you kind of wade
through that without that knowledge but
it was brilliant it's definitely
generational it reminds me of house or
the spirits which is really funny
because in many ways you can find two
more different books a slightly
supernatural hint of it meshed in with
references to video games and general
popular nerd culture is just it makes it
a really touching book in some ways a
cyclic nature of it was a little bit
depressing if I kind of claimed by that
but it was it was very good can I say
how many more times it wasn't very good
I also red light in August by Faulkner
and hash words and I say about it and
I'm about to get to a class where have
to read that essay about it aloud but it
was really interesting it was
interesting the way book no switches as
always between different perspectives
and the way he spoke about light in the
way he spoke about faces there were so
many common threads through that
normally you can just follow and then
they will find a new one at the end like
there was always a purpose for them it's
truly amazing really the last thing I
wanted to mention some mad fighters have
been trying to get me to talk about this
for a while by having over keep gallery
which is terrible of me there's going to
be a doctor who daily 23rd in November
2010 that's this year because at white
side of November as every doctor who fan
knows is the date of the original airing
of Doctor Who many many many many years
ago they're trying to put an event
together I believe there's a Facebook
page which you can find in the bar below
speaking of the barber now I'm back on
me do you think we had a couple of weeks
off because there are novels everywhere
and the leaky cauldron so it made it
very hard there are under three weeks
left to the release of harry potter and
the deathly hallows which is kind of
terrifying but amazing at the same time
on that new I have to run up to my three
hour seminar now but I will speak to you
later and I will try and get a video up
in the next couple of days again looked
enough
