people remember freaked out when Jason
started playing California door guy
wrong at least thirty percent of people
here at the show Ariana was solely
because Jason was playing that song
that's right oh I got nothing else she
said everything that matter what I show
creator surrounded you've logged for a
second yeah you can do better than that
come on and a vlog a little my byes be
wrong Karianna what are you doing over
there he sucks at me okay so he looks
like with me glitter all over the stupid
and he's like oh I remember there's
obvious suck sipping a vampire 21like
who likes you you know I gonna figure
out what the answers my call not your
call yeah
you look at me
thanks for answering my call back wait
forget the best place for you to upload
it it's a cycle YouTube I'm that pub do
you know how much I don't tell her like
you uploaded really you know how much
you know how much I
