hi guys so I know I said that my next
video was going to be a follow-up to the
questions and vice video that I started
a couple of videos ago but that was a
lie I'm sorry I love you please have me
still and instead because I've kind of
hit a wall in the ass thing that I'm
trying to write at this precise moment
in time I'm just going to talk about a
few things that have been going on past
and leaves at first I watched the J
rolling and Oprah interview which I
thought was very good because I'm in the
USA i could watch on the television
which was very nice but otherwise you
can catch it in the new key video
galleries check out the link in the
description bar I thought it was well
done but I felt some of the questions
we're really annoying I thought that
there was very random questions about
your to be asking and I mean this is
coming from someone who Oprah just means
nothing you know like that she's not
part of my life at or where she never
really has been i knew nothing about
like her life story until recently this
is coming from someone who's a fan of
the jonathan ross Stephen Fry and
Richard and Judy interviews with jay
rolling like it's not kind of
interviewing these two and the thing
that really bugs me is how many times it
kept saying billion-a-month because
that's not her achievement her
achievements not the wealth because
she's a mother or anything like that it
just it was odd that kind of got away no
just annoyed me I just hated that that
had to be the level which people related
to the interview it should have been
more of a kind of human questions rather
than your rich and your mother another
couple of things I just finished reading
Jays of Conrad's a secret agents just
very good actually because at five times
come right in not so great slightly
satirical kind of funny about like this
secret agent married and have these
domestic arguments all the time and it's
not very good secret agent of sits
around doing nothing etc but it turns
into a really really good read I high
that very moved by it at the end I just
I don't know I would read it it's not
like it's not as dense as heart of
darkness or anything like you don't get
a not strong the way as easily as you do
for heart darkness but I think it's very
good secondly i recently read
winter girls by laurie halse anderson
has the same things me a book that i had
been kind of slightly wanting to reach
for a while but had been putting off
because I if there's a lot of people
close to me you have eating disorders
and who have had leaching disordered so
it's something that I find hard to read
about because I feel like a lot the time
it's portrayed very patronising the old
card without a sense of understanding or
just gets everything wrong and it's
giggling and especially when people are
writing almost routine audience they
definitely patronize it when they
shouldn't be doing it like they wash it
down when they shouldn't be doing saying
that's done i think when two girls was
really exceptional really well done done
bit slick which genuinely just like
grabbed home to me kind of shook me it
was like it was really really jarring i
think it was just very well done it's
probably the best young LOL portrayal of
eating disorders that i've read I mean
that might be another one but it is one
like to tread cautiously with especially
if you know someone with an engine so we
have a history of it because it is it is
jarring but i will say now I must stop
procrastinating get back to my essay but
before I say that thank you for all your
amazing government's on my last video
and because I really i have no faith in
my ability to sing or write songs but a
lot of you said really nice things and
that's always great but I laughed myself
all the time see any way to go
