hi YouTube so I thought I just shift
around a little bit and film here next
to the embarrassing photos of my friends
at University random people from
magazines and vote lessons from the
Iliad I thought I found amazing that
this massive poem has been passed on for
such a long time voice has is relevant
so it's raising these little questions
that I'm thinking this applies to my
life yesterday we were talking about
Achilles as a sort of invar man his
mother's goddess and his father's mortal
warriors 2 in general are kind of
uberman we're all very close to death
for example but warriors just have to
kind of accept that and take it in their
stride there's this scene in book 9
which we will get yesterday where you
come upon Achilles whose isolate himself
after the big argument in book one with
Agamemnon when he accuses Agamemnon of
trying to take away his honor by taking
away his prize his woman gracias chilis
is with his friend playing his Liars of
Akane's come to convince the kids come
back to fight the Achaeans arm using a
lot of men though they don't know this
it's because the killings asked his
mother Thetis tosses Zeus to go and like
make the Achaeans lose it'll get very
messy lots of God's get involved
Achilles refuses to get back because
nothing Agamemnon can do we has any
booty for every little grain of sand of
the world if he wants I'm not going back
who took my order blah blah blah nothing
will do etc etc etc what's more
interesting I think is this conflict
between what the Greeks called no stops
which I believe means home the root for
the word nostalgia Claire's but she's
kind of glory but our lecturer whose
wonderful describe it more as being
heard of people kind of hearing of you
the typical way a war ii would be heard
of is actually through these poems the
idea of being immortalized through
poetry the romantics especially paid
with this a lot this concert or
something who doesn't believe in human
each I don't think that I guess I really
did kind of Lee start with the tabula
rasa and then we kind of come to
accumulate from us rounding to the
wayward porch up from everything that we
know and everything that we seek to find
out that makes us who we are there's not
a human nature specifically pray or
something in the way they've been for
thousands of years we've been caught
between this North dogs and payouts
Achilles has the choice of going home
and living his life or dying in battle
in remembered through poetry and through
story and having that glory which she
to go on forever I didn't want to go
with brother I didn't want to be in the
cover of heat I don't wanna be in these
horrible photos where they're like hey I
despise that kind of stuff occasionally
I'll watch the reality program I can't
watch x factor or something just for fun
and sometimes because people are
actually trying to do it but I've always
said if I can never write something that
has a positive impact kind of helps just
one person in one way then that would be
worth it what I write will be worth it
and in a way what I do as a human like
that will be worth it and I was just
wondering to what extent is that glory
the glory of my name it doesn't mean
people are going to put up statues with
me but I still want that recognition and
after all glories about recognition
Judaizing as a culture thing do you
think that see human nature thing and do
you think it's possible to find a middle
way as arguably Odysseus does in the
Odyssey between having both the glory
and the home they're not stops in the
clear that idea of being hired of is
very limited we hate to admit it but
there's going to be a time when there's
no one to hear of us I mean there's no
one to read our books when there's no
one to know I name say a point before I
even humans die out or anything if
people just won't understand and just
wait care I wonder is it not better to
embrace the North dose to embrace the
good life to live well to live kindly
turn away from the glory or is that just
an illusion like is that ever possible
are we ever able to turn away from the
cliffs I genuinely want your answers to
this people doing well I have my last
day of class today for the week because
of the jewish holiday i can't pronounce
and i'm not going to try to pronounce
but i have got a lot of reading to do i
read dr. Jekyll and mr. Hyde for a
classic are today actually I've read it
ages and ages ago but it's even better
now ah I'll talk to you guys soon it
makes me really sad that kids around
today probably not going to know who
this isn't my job if I stay remember
Zack they probably like Zac Efron call
zack morris this were the good old days
