to continue the trend of not actually
talking about the things that i say i'm
going to talk about in my last video
today i'm going to actually talk about
mockingjay i'm going to talk about this
weird state of mind I'm in right now I
feel like I'm disagreeing with everyone
especially when it comes to books and
films and television shows and I feel
like I'm just being contrary for the
sake of it I don't know whether it's
everyone else or it's me it's more
likely than it's me but we'll see so
Mockingjay is this book Whitey's on
Collins normally I'd have the orange
color because I'm in America you and we
have the blue cover which is quite nice
and i have to say that i was quite
disappointed didn't love the second one
to be honest Catching Fire found at the
first two thousand Rick we're just dry
and boring in the haight sailors and
then probably aim to get shop for it but
reminded me of the things I really hated
about the twilight series I think also
wasn't really sure who our characters
were and I just I didn't enjoy it I love
the first book I was really about it I
forced everyone to read it and book sure
my workout it's one of the first books i
pull out if the 13 year old girl for
example comes up and says I really like
exciting books whatever you got back to
mockingjay I didn't like it first of all
I'm not the world's biggest fan of
first-person narration it's just a taste
thing I just I don't tend to like it's
in the books in I do like that are in
first person they deserve like a Medal
of Honor or something because they've
gotten me to ignore that that a glitch
that I don't really like how much the
first third person and for some reason I
felt like the narration of this book
intruded a lot more I feel like there
were some parts of it for example when
she says my name is Katniss Everdeen why
am I not dead I should be dead I just
didn't feel like that's what she
actually felt I felt like this which is
words on a page and I just kind of read
season was like yeah whatever on board
and then just jump right to the end of
the book I felt like it was a cop out
and I know that other people didn't feel
like this because I have friends who
will cry I have friends who are
incredibly touched by it like you can
watch my friend Katie's video for
example to me it but rushed it veer back
into catching fire and it veered back
into that kind of romantic choice and
resolution being the center of the plot
and that doesn't interest me I don't
read these books because I want romantic
fiction to me it shouldn't be the
priority but again that's just my taste
the way I'm reading it was one point
when I got really excited which was when
pizza came back and he was horrible to
Katniss I loved that I don't know why I
think it just appeals every
self-loathing Adam and every person's
body somewhere having a confirmation
that the protagonist isn't perfect I
think is always great but then I got
disappointed when all of a sudden Peter
came over all kind of like sake and
boring I just wasn't interested anymore
and then you get about a sentence on
white hat is dis mrs. Gale and realized
that she could never be with him but
anything is fair to the character of
girl who I was most interested in
actually feel like he was just some
thrown by the wayside it wasn't so much
that that made me know that Katniss it
was more that it made me nor do the
writing which I know he sounds like a
really arrogant mean to say because I
don't think I could ever write a series
that has had as much success in touch as
many lives as the hunger games series
has I've increasingly found myself
frustrated with every part of the book
and with the plot I only feel the terror
when Captain I've found the roses from
presidents now I didn't feel any of it
and I don't know what's wrong with me
now I've started to class again so it's
back to meeting Paradise Lost and books
about critical race theory reading the
iliad and I just watched hailey do
Hoover's recent video and you know if
you watch us for a while or you feel
look at my twitter unit I have a massive
crush on the energy either but her most
recent video really reminds me of this
comics for a base to read call the
normal skulls so you should check it out
you shouldn't watch a video go if you
will have a lovely evening goodbye
