hi everyone so today Sunday the
fifteenth of August is my birthday my
19th birthday thank you to everyone
who's wish me happy birthday on
dailybooth with twitter or wherever it
has just been lovely and i tried my very
hardest to respond to all of you but
there have been just so many of you
which is shocking I think I don't really
like about my birthday that and no one's
usually here to celebrate it with me but
this year it was kind of different i had
the most amazing birthday weekend i have
ever had and probably will ever have
starting the weekend very early on
thursday i had a birthday party friday i
met with a friend enhancing two years
and we went to see this that's early a
story of deception and the tape wasn't
it was amazing they probably be but more
on that when i talk about museums and
arts cuts and everything that the
conservative to do wrong in my next
video saturday was just amazing I didn't
have a ticket to the afternoon drug
green water in signing but I did manage
to get my book sign because they very
kindly let people into the signing part
of it and I did get to him talk but I
was very happy to have my book signed
the evening I have no words for it was
amazing and I'm really sorry if I didn't
manage to let you go in I was on the
gorge in crosses in everyone's hands and
there was just the turn out that we
didn't accept and we never I'm impressed
i'm amazed and i love nerdfighters and I
love everyone I love you all I think
you're great most fun i could have a
school and i am feeling very sentimental
about leaving London now because I just
love it and massive shout out to the
guy's eyes for the nation especially
poor but they all did an amazing job
thank you so much and thanks to John and
thanks the sounds of animals with
putting on such a be sharing been kind
enough to do two shows and mix it all up
and make sure everyone got to listen and
me and everything's like so much fun and
today i just had to do with the family
which was very nice it's actually quite
amazing my ninth year old grandmother
told me that when she was 19 and World
War two had just started and was
breaking out everywhere and the future
was entirely uncertain I'm so lucky to
have grown up where I have and have the
people around me that I do have though I
have loads of footage a lot of it is
very blurry and a lot of it the sound
isn't very good and a lot of it I'm not
gonna be able to squeeze up here but I
am thinking of starting a separate
little channel just put up all my videos
from that mainly from last night best
bits sorry this video is quite long no I
am at the John Green tiny
which I did not have a ticket then I
sent to sign over seemingly although the
keys I had to choose from which put so
much of science they don't want to come
in with like a master file is great no
yes your name Henry Henry lamb youtube
every other people queuing up learn
about killing maxin relaxin song another
episode hi remember everything all the
time to hold a good kid he has
superpowers ultimate good to go I pretty
much every day is going to an event
after this in Whitechapel with John
Grenville international we may see more
footage from that if you do here it is
I'm stressed but you know not so much
anymore has game pretty good what we
standing in city amazing cities at Fort
Meade circuit may not be independent
bookseller over here you should always
be put into end of the sellers
I'm here to tell you that there are a
lot of people upstairs in which they
were down here with you Alex Dominator
gonna head upstairs to entertain those
people oh my god
your life
i'm doing i'm home and i think
we saw that there were going to be maybe
100 hundred fifty people and we got my
car a P&S Pikachu hundred furnace he was
in our team from the frigid and set
things up because three things like at a
stick downstairs duties charge so we but
the prices it's just didn t been making
about the highlight wish I'd kind of
been talking to the better sound says
and that's a big story I got very
excited to be I'm Rita I'm love Missa
Cary good anyways I'm bit of a perfect
yes
people who have gathered around be some
lucky parent olive Olivia then Argentina
and Ecuador Chile Brazil Costa Rica
police in the ground a businessman
paraguay uruguay sorry mother Syria
Lebanon Israel Jordan okay masquerade
the moraine I'm a nice petrol and petrol
fluxbox there this is my chocolate pain
the tourney
hi I'm keyboard my girlfriend agree
happy
invisible
dr. photo of woody to your cerebellum we
don't agree on the lyrics
your name is about hi I'm bouncy anos
jumpstart yeah I'm 20 minutes ago the
space you cannot breathe in here Davila
so busy by Rebecca and these are my
friends I when I love it's becky over
its b ec k IE or 20 at the end to the
psychedelic wall due to being 18 is be
so much fun and it's been great to share
with but ginger powder
glad it's not doing great turn that off
