every now then I have a look at my
channel and just check out the step and
today I had look and noticed for the
first time how close I was to 10,000
subscribers for which for having you to
bank even if you haven't subscribed when
I see comments from people who were
commenting when I had a hundred
subscribers and he was still commenting
now I just can't believe that you're
stuck with me and I thank you so much
over the time of me having this YouTube
channel some things have changed to
something substantive is filming in
secret with a really crappy webcam
talking really quietly into a logitech
microphone editing using free software
which would leave a watermark on all my
videos however many colors my room goes
through the one thing that is always
going to be the probably the central
focus of this channel more than me is
going to be the books that I love that
my tastes and authors hasn't really
changed that much there was so much new
talent the way that the publishing
industry in my country at least is
functioning right now it should do
yourself a book so I think that there
are a lot of fantastic new writers that
being sidelined in favor of celebrity
biographies and other crap i read in the
trade magazine books over today but
Justin Bieber who I have no problem with
but he is I think 16 about to release an
illustrative memoir avance pretty bleak
almost as bleak as blogging on the
internet video camera a lot of people
comments saying who's your favorite
author it would always have to be JK
Rowling for me I was six when I found
her books and she managed to keep hold
of me as a reader and keep me alive weed
and keep me fascinated it's just a whole
world to me jorge luis borges who I kind
of started to read about three years ago
just amazing amazing writing the library
of Babel was probably still my favorite
but you raised his short stories that
just capture you I've read the original
ones that I've read them in translation
he builds up these worlds was so much
more than words you haven't ever read
anything by him I would really suggest
that you do penguin have a really nice
collected fictions i bought mine for i
think twenty dollars when I was in
California I started this YouTube
channel just shortly after reading john
green's living Alaska I know I talk
about this book so much in my videos and
I'm sorry Britt is fabulous and he's
still one of my favorite authors and he
still continues to produce writing that
I just absolutely adore it's exciting to
have living authors producing things
that you really like sometimes it does
seem like you're trapped within
memoirs and vampire fiction come on
let's editors let's make it better
that's all attack this can no one did no
one tell this person that they could
change this and it makes me sound
incredibly self righteous I think there
are a lot of books out there at the
moment that could have and should have
been drastically improve I would not say
that John goons books fall into that
category at all it's a range of work as
well this is not Tom had me hooked for
such a long time during a sync my a
levels so perhaps not the best timing I
got into University say pause well you
only have to watch John Green's video
from today Friday sixth of August on the
vlog brothers channel don't know that
he's a writer through and through I knew
that comes through and everything and
it's lovely it really is but to the dead
authors I think it's very easy and I
think a lot of people have reduced
survey path too depressing just producer
to one word or one act almost I find it
interesting and fascinating more than
interesting how her life was so consumed
by her illness yet or because of she
produces amazing writing constantly I
mean the bell jar I've read so many
times the spines broken the annotations
are everywhere and I have a second copy
a third copy I think maybe a fourth copy
Johnny panic and the bible of dreams of
election of her diary entries and short
stories and just little things the woman
you could just white amazingly well my
love for Shakespeare has no end to me at
least bricks are valuable Museum Library
and Archives cats was being cut
publishers who are selling their souls
to supermarkets it's important that we
protect books whatever format they
remind us of how small we are despite
the fact that will only ever know or
encounter a miniscule number of the
billions of people who knit on this
planet you can change things can make
things better to make things a lot worse
it can be a part things thank you for
subscribing and in the future I perhaps
wit babble quite so much I can't promise
anything they buy everyone
