so today is the kind of day that's an
anecdote day I look like I've just
walked off the set of leaky TV because I
have because this is the set so as one
of the many sets and these are my 3d
glasses from Toy Story 3 which by the
way I Judaism my 3d glasses from Avatar
but I recycled them and use them for toy
story 3 moving on anecdote kind of day
do they have to go see the doctor not
the time for having alien I wish I
actually to go to the doctor's surgery
and the doctor was a woman which could
happen potential in the future births
for another video as I was signing out
of the surgery I overheard a
conversation that went something like
this a secretary you'd evidently been
locked up in a room all day and hasn't
ventured outside or had any sense of the
immense humidity that is going on right
now asked her fairy secretary who just
returned from her lunch break what's it
like outside the second set she said in
a full Beijing turning of gloom and
despair it's one of those days one of
those days inquired the other secretary
with a noticeable tremor of fear the
brave secretary responded it's a flying
ant it's a flying ant it's a flying and
today it's a fly
I know what she means because every
single year without fail we have a day
which is like this as their son it's
cloudy it's humid you're so warm you
open your windows at night and it's
still there's no air there's just no air
in the world it's just it's not natural
we need air where breeze we're an island
we float around we have no air days like
this and then they come out of nowhere
no one knows where they live where they
hang out for the other 364 days of the
year it took me far too long just then
to think of how many days there are any
year we never see them again I'm not
saying that I welcome them because
they're not they're not normal I mean
they're gigantic aunt with wings just
bounce around the streets of London all
day long at least three fluence my face
today it's a fly did it I think nothing
of it it's an aunt with wings it's
special it's different it's annoying and
where do they come from now if I will
Molly from rocketboom or meaning Molly
fame but have an extended history of the
flying ant right here complete with cute
graphics polished look and far better
posture than I can ever dream of how
cute is this elephant and puppet I
record an out cuts video but I have to
update it cuz it makes you change all
the time one thing i will say anyone
says another word about Big Society I
have updated my youtube channel because
I was bored of the green and the
whitening Reds much soul of degree Queen
and the Wyatt the word ah the green and
the white and the red as much as I love
it I've updated it's because I'm just
that kind of person it's not the most
exciting channel in the world but I like
it hey where my laptop's 3d this is so
cool
