hibriten and the rest of the world as
well not being doing exclusive and
whatnot as you might imagine not really
massively happy because david cameron's
the new prime minister of my country and
I do not like him one bit it's all right
you know the foxes BBC and poor people
will get over all the anything I'm just
kind of annoyed that the liberal
democrats would make a deal with the
Conservatives first he just seems
fundamentally wrong just in derry it
also just seems like a bit of a stabber
back for the number of people who voted
lib dem so that they wouldn't get David
Cameron who changed their vote so that
it would be the strongest vote against
David Cameron but I'm hoping that this
will mean there will be some good things
in the party for example having a live
demo education secretary would be quite
good I think and an ideal world having
mr. cable instead of George Osborne as
Chancellor twould be very good anyway
that's all shop Talk as they call it in
America I'm also slightly crazy because
I have an exam my first exams in two
days my other exam is next week and I
have been making my maps and I have this
dressing and I have been rereading
things 50 times for exams that you know
in your first you're technically they
don't count was quite pretty Marxist
theory and art Jordan else is pretty my
darling mug really little bit loony but
I'm not kind of in the same situation
with stress as I was when I made that
very stressed video this time last year
I think was this time last year was a
levels because the last example I did
what intervals which were unfortunately
quite a big deal and were supposed to be
you know life defining and staff my mind
is still in that mindset and I just
obsessed in work ever was obsessive work
so it's probably not very healthy who
else is bringing in my life not that
much to be honest oh this year and other
mention that I have to make in this vlog
because of course one has to apply by
promises they make in very early hours
of the morning where they are
and the perfect States be making
promises of the sort George moss here is
your mention in all its mentioning glory
it says birthday next tuesday i believe
so when you guys wish George Moss a very
happy birth in the comments George is
particularly faithful to probably in my
favorite Club this video rises entirely
out of an inability to study or sleep in
would do anything I am just incredibly
hyper cool fun it's John Green it's a
tweet if you want to design a cover for
the Dutch edition of looking for alaska
head i'm not going to say that the
deadline is tomorrow at noon kid XY
remember guys yeah I hope you out Paper
Towns I also realized that I haven't
been making videos on the TARDIS type
air channel and that is all just because
I've been so busy here but I will
endeavor to catch up with that as soon
as possible goodbye I've been doing
Pilates I don't think it shows when I
bring out in touch with my core and it's
very bizarre and this just as a complete
side note because I just forgot that I
want to talk about this it's really
weird cuz they do with this kind of
weird stuff than you or you know using
different parts your body and trying to
think as they go like anchored from your
core and stuff like that and it's all
very abstract and you think it hasn't
really done a thing and I left the bat
very first class that I did thinking
what on earth is this I'm never going
back I got the next morning and you can
feel that you actually got something
which is just craziness I'm matching
this and I was trying to think as I was
editing and as I have been past few
hours with the positives of having David
Cameron in Downing Street and also of a
Lib Dem Tori coalition and our
condemnation as some people have been
calling it on Twitter here is the only
thing I've come up with so far it may
just be because I'm in a bit of a
pessimistic mood at both parties are
against the third runway III which was
the one policy of Labor that actually
really going quite annoyed is quite a
local issue and it's just ridiculous
when we're actually trying to you know
protect the planet and stuff I hate to
be all like you know vegetarian
Greenpeace on you but it's the truth I
can't help it so I will try to reconcile
myself to this because
nothing really I can do get bored for
you it's plan
