hi guys happy Valentine's Day some of us
are making videos and because we made
mistakes and made stupid claims and now
we have to make proper length it is
about the names that were mentioned in
the video before so this video might be
very random could I be saying video any
more times right now i am using that
word way too much but i wanted to
introduce you to some friends of mine
first we have Eve stuck you guys you
voted no it's just how casually open
with a green light conveniently there
who's this this is josh hartnett it's
Janice's josh hartnett hey as you can
see the eve character is incredibly shy
she has been likened to mischa barton of
the AC and God her facebook page says
that she likes wagamama I like wagamama
this might be why we're friends but I
doubt it Eve also has a particularly
nice collection of shoes but because my
feet are the size of the clowns I can't
fit into them Georgia actually has a
YouTube channel you can find you at
youtube.com forward slash Georgia
Buchanan unlike me if she actually has
some talent she can sing and she sings
so well so you genuinely should check
her out whoop invert all joking and
tomfoolery aside today Georgia and I
gave see valentines day we also saw it
on Friday I think we like this film a
little bit too much georgian i share
other wonderful qualities we have the
same hmm skirt yet a little bit
obsessive about celebrity but Zac Efron
just doesn't know that he's in love
giorgia no he just doesn't hurt then
there's Anna and her Scottish he wanted
guest actually she never talks about
being Scottish I'm guessing she wasn't
thrilled with the rugby yesterday Anna
enjoys games of questions when people
ask her very inappropriate things but
she's also a lot more creative than I am
and comes up with rules when I am really
not capable of doing so because I have
no imagination I just like it I lack all
full of imagination hey what you want to
be Rosie Anna a writer yeah that's good
for the other girl that I'm going to
mention this
video is easy as he comes from a very
far away land called Holland that means
he's exotic but not quite that she's an
exotic dancer that is bristol things you
should know about is he she's a gangster
as you can see by this picture also she
loves taylor lautner and but i didn't
think she has much competition there
because i don't think like any of the
teen population of the world knows who
he is so like sorted then there are some
boys so as we've already said Bristow's
an exotic dancer and he does in his free
time usually on chatroulette actually
he's worked out the system where he gets
paid for it's really like it's really
effective system has mike mike is grease
pretty much all you need to know about
him he is Greek he dances around it's
great he stops all glasses left right
and center that's Mike just Greeks so I
just finished this video and then
realized that I hadn't pressed record
hey who'd have thought that I've been on
here for about four years now so what
they'll put they'll put as many things
but the the flat words that spring to
mind when I when I think of crystal put
are vindictive cruel just very mean
spends way too much time on Facebook
going through people's videos that you
know we may or may not have on our
profile but some of us don't have lice
why punish us for that you know and then
their soaps and soaps gets his nickname
from the vast copious amounts of alcohol
that he drank during freshers week not
the freshers week is about getting drunk
it's about introducing and settling
yourself into university life style of
studying for 24 hours day 23 and a half
because you know you need a good night's
rest now you're probably wondering what
song these people look like and if you
want to find a picture of soaps just
type Randall from recess into Google and
then press images because there that's
pretty much him pretty much we need to
know about him really finally there's
szkoly who has luscious locks and
whereas surf shorts all the time I was
trying to find out any fun interesting
facts about him from Georgia because
she's known him for a bit longer than I
have and what she said is to say that
he's way
but he's also a fan of bananas in
pajamas on facebook but I think everyone
should be a fan of bananas and pajamas
on facebook okay this is the end the
video probably forgot a seminar that
probably means that I'm gonna get
punished but life is cruel guys you know
you have to bleed and get over it but I
have to go out because I have a life
sometimes very rarely very rarely do I
have a life tomorrow in my lecture
because i'm a geek we're doing goblin
market by Christina Rossetti which is
one of my favorite check it out if you
haven't it's literally like what 10
pages long it's brilliant poem and I
absolutely adore it and I will be seeing
guys seen with a vide that hopefully
makes more sense than this one though I
can't go into it for
