to be honest with you I've struggled to
speak lately to make the circuits we did
in school with crocodile clips and tiny
light bulbs it's not the empty feeling
it's the overexposed one when I felt
this particular one in my teens I would
go to book shops and sit in classrooms
and online and find the words through
things that I loved and so today I'm
going to attempt to do the same thing
correcting the overexposure a little by
finding slightly clearer lines in the
bright blazing mess of things I'm going
to talk about lords new single and music
video for green light which for me is
hopeful and victorious and painful and
yearning and a hell of a banger a dance
anthem layered like filo pastry with
some kind of delicious pink and purple
icing on top and short exactly what I
needed
this song begins as one of Melancholy of
betrayal of knowing someone and yet not
knowing them and yes anger through the
help of the West Wing podcast the West
Wing weekly I have been paying closer
attention to sound and its correlation
to the action the beautiful
conversations about the sound editing
for Toby Ziegler's Spalding and
heartbeats and recent episodes has been
an indication to greater appreciation
and attention to sound the song is
called green light and the video is
filled with big block colors the
correlation between sound of color
really drew me in here where it changed
which colors were used were at sped up
and so on but speaking of color and
light and green light in particular
let's address the elephant in every book
lovers room Gatsby Gatsby believed in
the green light
Fitzgerald writes the orgastic future
that year by year recedes before us
it's eluded us then but that's no matter
tomorrow we will run faster stretch out
her arms father and one fine morning so
we beat on boats against the current
borne back ceaselessly into the past
that's the famous part the green light
for reasons but I'm also fond of this
one he stretched out his arm toward the
dark water in a curious way and far as I
was from him I could have sworn he was
trembling involuntarily a grant seaward
and distinguished nothing except a
single green light mine it and far away
so for
there are many other things the light is
a symbol of a yearning and wanting and
longing and love and Daisy and all that
he might not quite achieve all that is
out of his reach or that he cannot fake
his way towards it's a deeply personal
and in that interaction between Nick and
Gatsby an exposing kind of light when
the video opens the light around Lourdes
space is blue she's facing forward but
then right before the key change there's
a different angle the profile of her
face and the light behind her is green
maybe it's simplistic but I couldn't
help but think of blue as the sea and
all the other worlds we associate with
that drowning waves melancholy
especially with the indication of the
betrayal she thinks you loved the beach
you're such a damn liar she's turned
away from the sea towards the light
maybe but also towards herself bathrooms
overall a somewhat private spaces my
Mexican family always refers the loo as
the on their grave a solo which means
where the king goes alone but for girls
and perhaps for guys the bathroom space
is also a social one they can be strange
and magical places of solidarity where
someone lends you a tissue or a lipstick
even if they're a complete stranger
there's a sense of bond in that then
also of being vulnerable and kind of
exposed you're putting your face on it's
the place where people retreat to to
sort of debrief on what's been going on
there evening the mirror is vulnerable
is a place of self-assessment and then
also changes the way you look back at
what just happened if you walk in there
and you think you look a certain way and
you look in the mirror and you look like
something different or something has
changed or if some big event has
happened and you walk in you look at the
mirror and you don't see anything
changing there's that sort of dissonance
between what you think has happened and
what actually happened and that shifting
exists throughout the song and
throughout the video over the course of
the video we see the originally empty
bathroom populated I won't point by the
pianist who I think is Jack Antonoff and
at another by the waiting girls on the
side green and blue mix as a song speeds
up as we get into the club these get
faster you can't tell one likes me other
but they're still just the two and then
all of a sudden she's outside the song
changes she's in pink she gets into the
car just as the rhythms and the melodies
change it gives way to something I would
almost call positive but I hear sad
in my mind brand-new sounds in my mind
she's wearing quite a bold pink but
typically we associate pink with softer
karma vibrant feminine colors she's in a
private space again the back seat of a
car the driver in those situations
sometimes they're kind of invisible you
know the role is to create the sense the
artifice the illusion that you have that
space just to yourself but you can't
contain herself within that space she
wants to get out of the window she's
reaching out of that space switching out
the dark inside of the car into the
light I don't think it's just Gatsby you
do really get a sense here that she's
tried to move towards something that is
moving away from her trying to reach for
something that is intangible and here we
hear more of the familiar sounds for the
breakup because honey I'll come get my
things but I can't let go it's really
interesting to track who she's speaking
to in any part of the song
it's her desire for the green light
something she's telling herself or
telling this other person because then
she says oh I wish I could just get my
things and just let go when the beat
really kicks in she's dancing on the
card doused in red red is the color of
anger and hunger and passion and blood
and love extremes that we have the same
colors for anger and hunger in love and
passion positive emotions and negative
ones but not really exclusively so any
of them blending into one another I feel
like she is calling all of these
emotions to her but also dancing on the
car being herself and asserting her
place as the driver looks on as the song
moves on these themes of confinement
continue you see shop grates that she
walks past and you also see her walking
along a bridge with those kinds of mesh
wire fences alongside of it but you
never really properly focus in on the
other side of it she's always on one
side of this thing she can't quite get
to but finding her space within that
finding her freedoms within that putting
on her music and dancing around and yeah
through the fence on the bridge the
light can reach her she's dancing the
marriage she's dancing the street she's
acting took the car by the end of it
it's all dancing all the time but it's
always about parent you don't see the
other person it's about what she wants
it's about her yearning it's about her
getting to that point that she's
standing on the bridge and the sunset
she looks right into the green light and
then she looks forward sounding on that
rich with purple and orange and pink
behind her and you get the sense that
there's been a huge arc from her
standing that bathroom backed by blue
and face in green and where she is there
standing on that bridge literally a
point of connection and transition from
old to new getting somewhere and
something slightly more finite perhaps
than the ever unfurling road or light
itself so those are just some thoughts
on Lords new song queen like please
leave your thoughts at any thought to
have but my thoughts and you know
thoughts times infinity in the comments
below I mean yeah cool great I'm back I
think see you tomorrow but I didn't even
mention anything about teeth which in
the video dissecting more lyrics is a
travesty anyway but
