hi guys um this is my first video from
University I have been in sat saturday
I'm having a wonderful time this video's
gonna be short because I have a lot to
do lecture on monday at eleven and if
your view asked what I'm studying i'm
studying English but I get to do here in
North America as well so they'll be next
year I am loving it here i'm lucky i
have a great corridor or girls of like
nine amazing girls who just love to go
and have fun the same way that I do and
just generally really nice that's good
being outside of London is actually
quite weird and there are lots of hills
here and yeah it's just it's strange to
see countryside fun enough though out of
my window there are a lot of building
works but and i will do a tour of my
smooth smooth student room probably in
another video but that's my bunk right
there the top bunk and and yeah i don't
really know what else there is to say i
don't i haven't really been doing much
except for going out and and registering
with my courses and just meeting new
people saying all my facts about me like
I'm rosianna I'm from London etc about
15 million times but it's been a really
nice I haven't really been homesick I
feel a bit bad for saying burden yeah
yeah this is unique I think I'll be
making more videos and just watch gossip
girl and really enjoy the episode don't
just came this week and I la goodbye
