you know that they say the more things
change the more they stay the same I'm
having a small bit of trouble believing
that right now mainly considering that
my laptop right here is resting on top
of a huge suitcase full of clothes and
shoes and gossip girl DVDs and all other
necessary equipment for me to survive
for the next 11 weeks as I go off to
university I leave tomorrow at eight
o'clock in the morning this summer has
just flown past really really has and
it's funny because in the last week or
so I only really just got back you back
used to being in London and loving
London and really trying to make the
best of it and i went to the natural
history museum for example in the
science museum yesterday i saw the
opening of a central park which is like
a promotional thing for an the 15th
anniversary of friends and Gunther was
there and cake from the apprentice as
well which weirdly and that was a lot of
fun and I realized watch in love London
in my love the culture of it and how yes
I had an amazing summer in California
but London's my home and I love it here
and all of that and now I'm going away
again and its really really weird I mean
I'm surrounded aside from Wes UK's my
loads of bags sort of just things that
I'm gonna need for example a bright pink
cocktail shaker exciting cups
revolutionary road Wonka nerds files and
nail polish remover as well as a lot of
books and things like that and in terms
of books I haven't actually read loads
of the summer I have recently though
finished the garden I can't remember who
it's by but I put that inside bar just
scratched my face and that was great
that was really lovely yeah i think i
would recommend it to anyone who enjoyed
his dark materials actually the story of
genesis retold but from the perspective
of e the authors know in the back says
it's not supposed to be a feminist
mobile its but i think it kind of comes
across in some ways as one but just
again allows you to consider more other
points of view on story and I'm history
and religion and all of that and I think
it's just really well done but it's
definitely not for younger readers its
14th Lassiter started ever lost by Neal
Shusterman the author
unwind that's here it's only just come
out in the UK but it was out in the u.s.
in 2006 and um I'm just I'm reading lots
of university books right now like an
utopia by Thomas More and the Communist
Manifesto and things like that so that's
all on my mind and yeah it's strange to
be moving away I mean as I said I love
London I really it yet we really long
time to realize that again which is
strange when I love the theatre of it
and I love that you walk around
everywhere it's almost like you feel
these great big writers who I admire so
much kind of walking around everywhere
in all these people who did things that
really matter everywhere you kind of
just feel like you're walking you're
walking through the ghost of that and
that sounds really cheesy really nerdy
as well but I can't help it I love that
about it I love the tube I really miss
the juveniles in California actually the
tubers on the best things that was ever
created but I'm also excited to start
new adventures and things like that so
it's kind of all blowing my mind right
now I am sorry that haven't made videos
I have I I have been very and feel very
bad about that JK Rowling is on Twitter
which is amazing her twitter username is
JK underscore rolling and they released
some pictures of the wizarding world of
harry potter which was them quite cool
but then again they're all these they're
all these rides that I've dreamed up in
my head and like for example of Rights
recurring God's which I think would be
amazing and just kind of more of a look
inside Hogwarts but the description of
the of the ride that would kind of take
you through Hogwarts that was pretty
cool and dr. Hughes coming soon so it's
good to be an ad right now Oh a couple
of other things Paper Towns is out in
paperback right now I from Christina my
lovely lovely friend christina is trying
to get to Antarctica and and it's just a
competition record something along the
lines and block your way to Antarctica
which is in second place right now I
think all she needs a couple of thousand
votes Liam little reg or one-half of
vlog lovers is working on a TV series
right now called converse of syntax but
it needs to be commissioned and you can
help that happen by being a fan of it on
facebook or following on Twitter or both
of those things ordering anything you
can or later
youtube account as well so i'm gonna go
i'm gonna bugger off right now let's
move on like this I didn't we did
