hi everyone so it's a day after prom and
I'm not really looking my best but I are
something really exciting to show you
but I'm really excited about and that
you should be really excited about
because you should have been really
excited when you finish the first thing
of this is all i want to say at Mercer
Nelly has one as well so i'm selecting
the club a special cloth hunger games
catching fire in your parents i am so
excited this book as a nap too sep
tember and the first one was just the
best the best team Brooke I have read so
far this year and I predict it is going
to be the book of the year I mean I
don't see how anything else can beat it
and this is the sequel and it's not like
normally when they send gallery copies
the advanced really copies there they've
got kind of really blank boring covers
or they've got a little spiral bound and
it's kind of annoying but this is a
proper book also look a little badge and
I think that a book plate as well isn't
that cool so I'm so excited to read this
I have other things to read first I
might take this too I can't wait till I
go to the states to read this I will
read this next week listening cool art I
mean that is a cool that is a cool cover
now I have heard that when you finish it
you kind of regret starting it with a
bit longer till the next one and you're
just like oh my god how could they
finish it by back this is what I've
heard and that I'll let you know in the
spoiler free review what I thought of it
closer to the time of its release my job
is so good
