why a levels are over and I can read
again there are no words to explain how
happy I am to be able to say that I have
got one exam left and it's not an
a-level it's an advanced extension award
in English and that's on Tuesday and
three hours long for them it's kind of
my fault because I signed up to do it
anyway but that's the last one that's
done after that I've got loads of things
coming up but I'm I'm academically free
and I love that someone is a time for
changes and projects and reading and
lots of other things that I want to do
in the school year but I never have the
time I'm always involved in this of
extra curricular things and I just have
too much in my plate to be able to
squeeze and all these other fun things
that I want to do as well one of the
things that I have done which I don't
know whether you would classify had to
fun because it's quite a drastic change
for me as I decided to become a
vegetarian and I've been doing this for
like three whole days now and it's been
pretty tough I resisted the hammer bow
I've resisted the peon ham soup sausages
in general like I am a big fan of meat
but I am now and have really not ever
been comfortable with the meat industry
but again it's a personal choice I don't
judge anyone who meets meat and we think
that's what it gives
but the final kind of nail in the coffin
for my carnivorous days was this book
skinny bitch it looks like one of those
kind of fad diet books and I was really
skeptical about it but at least four of
my friends said that I should read it
it's pretty hard hitting in attacks the
way you eat my biggest criticism of it
would be that it is perhaps too
hard-hitting but it can sound a lil bit
at times like Peter propaganda which
isn't exactly what you wanna read but it
it does give you a mess of facts and
things and then to dump you off points
to more research about recipes and
things and that's something that I'm
gonna be doing over summit is trying to
eat better and more healthily and then
yeah the other thing I'm gonna be doing
they're just reading a lot more I've got
quite a few out the library this is
Sophie dolls playing with the grown-ups
which I tried to read before and didn't
have time I've got a hardly book on 20th
century literary theory which just yeah
this is three hour exam just the best of
McSweeney's edited by Dave Eggers doing
a big reread of some I never know how to
in Kurt Vonnegut our slaughterhouse-five
is the number one on my reading list
literary terms and criticism that might
be for my exam reread of Looking for
Alaska because I just I'm constantly
read media
the reread of the Bermudez triangle it's
come up quite a lot recently in the u.s.
news about two ladies so we're trying to
get this book and one of the Gossip Girl
books I believe it is moved in libraries
in somewhere in the states and it kind
of just it was so ridiculous and I just
like you know what this is a really good
book so I want to read it again I'm
still reading this the 4-hour workweek
which was recommended to me by Alex
Merriman Alex no one is his name and it
is really good so far
again it's not really kind of I know we
enjoyed but have to commend Timothy
Ferriss the Royal Shakespeare Company
from such a note I'm reading three other
books and they all happen to be by one
wonderful lady
Agatha Christie I'm reading the sleeping
murder which is Miss Marples last case I
was actually published posthumously I
think as far as on it and it's really
good so far really enjoying this also in
the London Times which cost 90 p they've
been giving out free as the crusties so
I got five to the pigs in your pants and
one two buckle my shoe in your pants
cause I only caught the last two days of
it which I was kind of annoyed about
they look these great vintage covers and
I love them so I've been in between
three Agatha Christie's about 20 other
books and I'm going to take part in
infinite summer which is its project to
reread Infinite Jest this is the hardest
book I have ever read in my life and I'm
going to try and read it a second time
but it is absolutely brilliant it's by
the late David Foster Wallace and I do
recommend
need of it so that's me sorted I have
more books than I could ever possibly
read in the next two weeks before I go
to the states and but I will read them
all I have from internet jets which I'm
gonna pack in my bag I've got an exam
I'm seeing the killers on Friday I have
prom when I was just everything's kind
of happening now and it's great but I'm
off to a party so I have to get ready
for that one other thing is I do have a
Twitter and that's paper time lady
down here I've been keeping up with the
protests in Iran because I think that's
all really important for us to do a bit
even if it's tiny so if you feel
inclined to show support to the
protesters and you don't really know
what's going on on Twitter everything's
very green you can use a website to
adequately overlay or any graphics
program like Adobe Photoshop or
something to your icon because Green is
the color that has been associated with
Mousavi's campaigns and start you can
change your location to Tehran in Iran
or anywhere in Iran so it's harder for
the authorities to track down and shut
down the Twitter's that are actually
located in a more on them and that are
culpable or whatever and you can change
the time of your location as well to GMT
plus 3:30 because that's the time zone
of Tehran so that's another helpful way
to help up and finally finally the last
thing I want to say is that it's been
really interesting to read the comments
from the BMP video I'm glad at promote
discussion and I do know that I have
some messages and things in my inbox and
some comments that I haven't had a
chance to reply to it's just because I
had I've had exams it's been great to
hear your feedback and I love that
there's been discussion about politics
because it doesn't happen enough I mean
you think that it would but it really
doesn't oh they're making more videos
later I have lots of things to talk
about and you know life
