so exam season has finally arrived and i
don't mean find like a exams that's a
great i love exam no i mean i'm stressed
more than even that stress my dear that
I made I'm just all crazy and weird
moody and things like that my first exam
was last Monday it was critical thinking
which is supposed to be like a dose
subject and it's not it actually a
little bit tricky but luckily I don't
need that tea into a university they
don't count as one my grades but which
is also annoying because if I do well
then it kind of will be like well Sony
critical thinking I've been doing loads
of click revision aid things like that
just everything that's that's driving me
crazy and just making the stress come
upon me it always comes upon me to be
honest that's what she said Marissa
kindly plugged in blog TV to the John
and Hank presentation at LeakyCon a
Harry Potter convention and like
literally all of us were in the chat
room were like that's what she said
that's what she said because they were
just they were just asking for it that's
what she said they were just like
opening themselves up to that kind of
response that's what she said and we're
just making it went around the rap don't
laugh because we are terribly vulgar
people exams finally finish on the 20 30
June and then have prom and then I have
a good hyde park to see the killers and
cooks and then and more in johnson's
doing meet up and then I'm hanging out
with my friends for like a week and then
I go to LA so it's all just ridiculous
it's absolutely crazy I also thought I
would let you guys know that I'm
probably gonna make more like not
education videos but revision videos so
i can it really really helps the way i
remember things if I just can't talk to
a camera and explain things about
romanticism and tablet and bore
literature philosophy dare I say it the
tricky ins and outs of political
philosophy so I might do that as well
and and for the new watches watches
viewers subscribers anyone who's
watching this who hasn't seen this
before a lot of you have come from a
really nice length of the YouTube blog
put saying like what about one of our
favorite new channels and I also saw
that my subscribers have like leap to
over 4000 which is ridiculous because
the 15 year old enemy is still in
destruct my disbelief that I got past 50
subscribers and I can't there's a point
when you just
I envision numbers that they do say hi I
like reading comments and even if I
didn't have that much time to reply to
them I do my best when I'm
procrastinating not learning about
things that I'm going to be examined on
shortly ha i watch the trailer for the
finding Hogwarts I don't know why I'm
doing so made molest villa there who
philosoraptor air quotes I think it's
cuz i'm wearing a dinosaur t-shirt
blankety two sleeves i watched the
trailer from finding hogwarts the
documentary we haven't seen a lot of it
baby will Easter trailer and it looked i
well up thinking about it this is all
the different aspects of the fandom just
watched the trailer because if you if
your hair would fan you're the kind of
person will be affected by that I don't
know if I I've shown you my room
properly there was like weird out text
video I made it's officially different
color quick tour of my room prom dress
Hamlet Love's Labour's Lost Griffin all
laggy thing but prints from a
collector's edition of PES be debarred
accidentally pressing the stop recording
button your photos and books and time
Tammy's and awards and books and that's
it so far that was boring you will be
seeing more of my videos also because I
have some exciting things I want to
review i want to talk about the
chameleon circuit album which I own luck
they had a lesson ahead of time I've
rootable read and it just driving me
crazy that I can't really that I've had
to keep reading just ones that I've read
before and rereading and making more
acht pie oak Oh octopuses octopi let me
know by let me talk about my mom 2004
world row most of father are you sure
leper up to ma see it makes me crazy oh
yes happy birthday expressly to my
friend eyelashes with new videos judges
comments like crazy could you watch us
so much korean pop only but you were you
are you on my best token and you're
great and you're finally 18 and I resent
you for that because you know as you'll
know it's another three months for so
July am too Alan list of got the stuff
I've no idea
to see your name full of water md stroke
distro full of autumn distro not destro
because you always help by confessing d
stroke and you are absolutely amazing
you make you work so hard you do so well
I really hope I'm able to you summer and
thirdly to Alex carpenter up the Remus
Lupin I do not believe that you've set
your guitar on fire as special up videos
or it didn't happen because that just
has like crazy things that LeakyCon say
to make the rest of us feel jealous you
know when we're not jealous we like
revising for exams but yeah happy
birthday
