oye less stressed like we haven't had
enough of you in the past seven years of
my life and as if i don't end every
single video with i'm so stressed ah
stresses are growing like every time I
get stressed I forget what it was like
to be stressed before the amount of puff
is not proportionate to the amount of
stress if it were if we like this and
I'm not the best person to be around and
unstress one I snap a lot if you
interrupt for me it will make too much
noise while I'm finishing like the last
sentence on a revision paragraph or page
of notes and I needs my train of thought
oh yeah you're gonna get told because I
just I find her rage and I get pretty
pissed off it's like when people say
that Britain should be full of British
and that we should kick all the
immigrants out that's what it's like
that's when I find her rage number two I
come for tea like there's no tomorrow if
he saw my video before I went talks with
my interview before they you know
rejected me not that I very gradual
resent them for anything at all you
would have seen my large amount of
crappy food today alone had two servings
at dinner two whole servings two big
plates of like chicken and sausages and
broccoli and carrot soup as well leek
and potato soup so good just wait to
hear this great crunchy granola I had
half a tray of crunchy granola I know
right and then I had a huge big bag of
sour cream and chives kettle chips the
whole thing just randomly smart Amiens
my head was like oh my god knows
watching friends are not too well I did
it so it's kind of like mmmm mmmmmm when
I was that you'd episode I love that you
did episode what cycle must be broken so
going crazy here number 32 a lot of gum
I didn't even know how many packs of gum
I've had in the past two weeks it's like
I don't smoke so these are like my
cigarettes and trust me I've had the
lectures about stomach ulcers I know
every single risk associated with gum
you so I'm stressed let me have my
pleasures that sounded so dirty yeah
yeah I'm freaking out a little bit i'm i
am too on freaking out oh look this is
my m john mayall on the books very good
but if it is specially if interested in
freedom of expression which you all
should be anyway because like youtube
and
f it look so lovely plate on the other
hand I'm more boring highlighting fewer
colors its many pink and you can't even
see it very well because i haven't
highlighted as much something like oh I
don't understand the sentence it's been
like I don't understand this book
because not really big fan of painting
he doesn't you know flute my right I'm
editing this right now and I just
laughed for about five minutes because
I'm play my boat and then in it he
doesn't float my ship of state like what
the hell there's not even funny but it's
just got me laughing what the hell what
the hell are we going ah well what's
this I get me back to little video back
to the normal video I have to work Wow
not the time to be getting on right now
i watch their death Nate live-action
film the two of them because they were
on this channel in the UK if we have
called film for and it was brilliant I
was really impressed by it because they
stuck very well to the story but they
didn't make it boring the only qualm i
had with whom they only called my head
nearly qua qua how do you say it unique
what the only qualm I can't say it now
no I've said wrong you haven't caught in
the middle the only issue i had a bit
was that the ecj i was so bad so the
death gods were pretty shocking but it
reminded me how clever the whole story
was i wasn't about to go back and read
the whole mango again soon as i gave it
away as well Eiffel finished it just
because that's what I do spontaneously
some plans to give away books I know
it's shocking if you have read Death
Note or if you haven't read Death Note
the film is in Japanese but it has
subtitles because I don't speak Japanese
as much as I would love to finally I
have to say a couple of happy birthdays
I brought it to my friend Catherine huge
had 18 yesterday and have rest of my
friend Rita who turned 20 yesterday
whenever about this makes moves and now
I've got to go to my work
no mom neutralizes was probably really
annoying because I was doing the hard
thing we got on my mouth so sauce I'll
make it up to you later guys can't wink
when I hot my home after all right all
right all right how do you do that
without like is it like a smaller thing
okay now just look disused side note to
eight deaths that have made me a little
bit hmm among other ones of people that
you Whitney natasha richardson died i
know every single word to the parent
trap it was like a film i grew up with
and I grew up loving I learnt the secret
handshake in that film and I loved it
and it's great and now I was able to
watch it because the end will just make
me cry i watched clips on youtube some
stupid reason the day after she died and
was just reaping so don't go person
number two Nicholas Hughes son of Sylvia
Plath has died and that's very sad as
well so he committed suicide and he was
only 47 and he was apparently quite for
successful ecologist to zoom into my
eyes all of this is just caverns of grey
from late nights reading Plato
