hello everyone i thought i'd make a
video because of so many reasons me to
make a video that i couldn't not make a
video so here's me making a video for
one it's snowy 2 i'm coming down with
something and I really want to keep
myself bothy three my room is clean for
the first time in you know months well
actually probably a month since
December's really thought to be precise
because when I get stressed my room
reflects me I'm feeling although I'm
still quite stressed I'm trying to
maintain a sense of order force because
I've randomly just put lots of sparkly
eyeliner on I don't know how are you can
see that due to YouTube's quality
quality wisely fifth because i read a
book then we like six because my
opinions of gas guys have have
completely changed seventh because this
is in retaliation to the number of
Google's verb tag men naked whatever's
have you seen right now which was just
too many too many too many of those
eight because and temporary possession
of an iphone were on my sister's away
nice because Leo and Kate have a new
home Oh 10th oh i just got babysitting
for the first time in ages funnily
enough it's on valentine's day in the
evening i'm working all day anyway so
it's just really funny because i am such
an absolute waste of space what else or
just like a clean is quite looking at
pal's just like all my papers and old
stories and stuff maybe i will read one
to you sometime i was really over today
my favorite story the girl he got 1000
presents at Christmas I wonder he was
was her name was Jana yes I think it was
its quality its quality entertainment
keep saying quality today I really don't
know what the main thing that was talked
about was a book that I finished reading
which was blood red snow white in my
pants got this has just blood red snow
white by marcus sedgwick and it was out
in july last year and i think was out in
march or May or something in the US
marcus sedgwick is a really really
renowned author of junior fiction
technically 9 to 12 and he worked quite
well received but my sword hand was
singing which i believe one quite a lot
of stuff but I started this today and I
finished this today I have to do a
number of things between my starting and
my finishing but it didn't detract from
it whatsoever this is basically the
story asked Arthur Ransome who was a
journalist
in Russia but who you probably know if
you've heard of him and as the author of
swallows and amazons and that whole
sequence and old Peters Russian tales i
think it's called it's part love story
it's part political it's completely
based around the Russian revolutions and
the war and everyone was feeling at that
time it's got spying and it's just it
was really brilliant and it's in three
parts all these different voices mixed
up together at the same time not just
three different voices just all these
different life is not a fairy tale
aspect you've got the first person third
person it's just brilliant brilliant
good with different points as different
places and it's funny you feel like he's
pushing the limit its kind of trying new
styles of writing and I thought it was
really brilliant and I I regretfully had
to put it down at about eleven o'clock
this morning to you know say goodbye to
my sister but I I was very very sad
about having to put it down and it's
funny as well because the way that
iphone another most books is that I have
a connection and great feel some empathy
with the main character or one of the
protagonists whatever watch them
constantly where's this one it would
kind of you your sympathy group with one
side and then that was flipped over and
then you simply grew with another side
that was flipped over it was absolutely
brilliant you I think it was rude it was
so good it was just so so good that yeah
it was impressively reminding me lot of
the books teeth of the red necklace by
Sally Gardner and also slightly the
general his labyrinth as well and that
idea of them taking a factual figure and
just like weaving fiction around it now
also the thing about Garth Alice was
that am I after making that video as
people concert saying that that actually
wasn't written by 15 Road ruggedized and
interestingly that has completely
changed the way I felt about the book
because what I found amazing while
reading it was the fact that someone
could be so honest the diary because
I've written a good Jules review I lied
to my diary all the time i embellished
things exaggerated feelings and hugely
selfish about it and then that
she didn't seem to you and the voice was
slightly different but think about it
gained from perspective that it wasn't
actually a 15 year old random anonymous
drug addict who wrote it it just makes
it seem completely different it's it's
false and it's unrealistic and it's I
just find it really interesting how much
the background of an author or the time
it set and whatever completely affects
the way I perceive the way I enjoy MIT
shadows I was kind of intrigued by them
Oh blog TV I meant I meant to do that
last week yeah but Friday's that lead
him up and then I wasn't really in the
mood so to be honest it's probably the
pretty spontaneous I was talking to
someone about this I'm not I'm you know
bunch of his one of those things that I
don't know how much I could stick to you
cuz I'm putting those people we're
completely random crap pops up at the
time and I have to do that I know I want
to talk back don't you put my leaky my
leaky is this amazing new thing for all
you haven't put finds out there which if
you're not how I would fun I words with
you which combines kind of all the best
things about my space and for investing
about facebook ads in a little bit harry
potter and pretty much for your friend
of friends imaginable and all these
really cool new people as well and a
house point system and puts it into one
website of awesome so you should really
check that out i'll put a link to in
sidebar on there my username is asking
young so feel free to add me bad and
this is me doing a lot of things and if
you do find any bugs or anything they'd
really appreciate if you hit them a bug
report email but otherwise just take it
acts I've I've really been enjoying it
so much it is generally all the best
things about Facebook all the best
things about my space lots of how much
things included and it's just made me
really happy so I've been spending all
my free time and now instead of doing
the work that's doing in about Oh 12
hours I Jeff looking stuff up but that's
okay today today that's okay would it
make my house all like
that's been
