hey party people the first time in ages
this video is gonna be completely
dedicated harry potter because it has
been too long since I spoke about high
water and quite a few things however a
related have happened to me in the past
24 hours I went up to water daines
brutally biggest bookshop in Europe will
their release party of Tears beedle the
bard and you had to apply in advance and
I was lucky I I just snapped onto it
really quickly some reason I just I was
really where of it really quickly signed
up left my phone number they called the
first they called twice to let you know
if you had tickets were 450 tickets
available the five pounds each last time
the cord i was in philosophy lesson i
couldn't duck out second time the call
was luckily on my lunch break yesterday
I went up with them jay-z arranged
Piccadilly Circus and rigid turn
everything up these pretty cool response
I was all decked out like I had this and
my shirt and I have like my school Scott
mine and stuff then I have a coherent
patel's and like a bread ribbon I had my
good friend daughter i had my private
bad habit of robes I'd I was all like Oh
goofin do it up re excited and it was
weird as well to go to Piccadilly and be
like from the first people to register
for there not to be looks ridiculous
cute you can definitely tell that it is
now it's so the fabrics it's like really
the dedicated people it's not like it's
withered away to three people but it
just it's like it's the people who just
intensely want to stand outside on a
cold december night and go wait to buy a
book we went to starbucks to get some
hot chocolate to warm us up and
starbucks is cheaper now by the way
because UK has decreased vit from 17.5
percent to fifteen percent which means
everything pretty much is cheaper but
for my children's books everything's
being all cheap if I'd now anyway
because it's Christmas and it's kind of
sort of disgustingly materialistic but
it's great when you want starbucks and
it's like 50 PT / before starbucks who
went to the twilight premiere because
Josie axio jelly bean was there and we
said hi to her quickly choose were like
10 and I was like and dad James and were
like ooh I put uh yeah we like every
border what's this Twilight nonsense
different starbucks went to the actual
big choc Adaro arcade kind of thing
where i thrashed the undefeated james at
marin
cart because I'm amazing at marriott and
people underestimate me and not only do
especially mine cart i thrashed hibbett
at mario kart in robes bulwark into a
costume and heels so actually just like
he's trying to make all these excuses
his jaw and be like oh yeah you only won
the last five seconds so I still won
today what happen is that we went became
we had to wait for a little while people
start filtering it as awesome people
like Christina who I'd met a couple
times before and like and David David
word we saw and just thought we saw
loads of those are pretty cool people
thought you ran people I just like
spotted at other little gatherings and
people who his friends I've made who
could come down from about me and people
have come from Norway just you know it's
great then what the huge mass of people
dress that's why when I went upstairs in
the motorcar surgeon and everyone's like
oh I was so cool there was some really
really cool like outfits Aaron general
there was a fancy dress competition they
rated how good your fancy dress was by
like a screen monitor and like the more
you spoon the more you one I don't know
you might seen the news there's the girl
on the news where who had a witch's hat
and they had the line on it so it was
like Luna she was awesome and she was
the first person in the world to get me
to the bar apart from the initial seven
I was before which is amazing and those
countdown but before all of that before
I got my hands on this specimen of
beauty which has complete with its stamp
saying where it was purchased just
amazing things that was going to Andrew
for one who's a big Slytherin jumper
which is awesome you know I'm Gryffindor
it has to be said but big sins and
robert is exactly what i need especially
in this weather and yeah it's awesome
like it's it's beyond awesome but I
can't do you think of their word other
than awesome right now it's sensational
I said I yeah I got I got home from this
whole night that I'm jumping around in
time here I go home tonight and I just
come to a service aces well I've been
sensational enough it it's great I'm so
happy and that they don't wash it a much
when I was like hog there was some kind
described as it's on point with them
fancy dress but you know I'm worried
that okay see touch pounds what stones
gift card this is like oh I can buy so
many but to this I'm not gonna go i'm
not gonna go in until like the end of
next week because i have an oxford
interview
and I have a SATs on Saturday and have
Hamlet tomorrow evening and trying to
town for Hamlet I think is what is
happening and just generally I have lots
of exciting things going on that I'm
just not prepared for but it's just like
wow so I also need to Andrew and then
what sounds gift card ad came up to me
and then another lady from what students
clap to me was like do you want to be on
BBC breakfast tomorrow I was like yes I
clearly do one of you may be right for
tomorrow because BBC breakfast is only
my favorite new show in the entire world
and i love beep see Brett still of the
BBC I believe said great they make tiny
under waiting people should stop
criticizing BBC as much they do because
like why not not criticize like you
should always criticize but i'm barely
criticize the BBC often happens we'll
see that happen i said ok check out my
details and things like that and they
got loads and loads of photos taken of
me by with the guy who could hide in the
Guyver don't not not but in films but
the people dressed up in Hagrid and
dumped with em Hagrid and Dumbledore
costumes and lots of boaters everything
like look here can you smile smile over
here and I'm not very good for doing
stuff like I really yeah I don't
photograph well and yeah yeah so that
was on and there you can t down to the
big event which was the release which
was awesome awesome um and then the next
morning oh and i read that i don't even
talk about reading it i read the book
mainly on the tube on my way home and
then I finished it when I got back and
then the next morning I got picked up
very nice car by the BBC taken to white
city and enter through the side door
looks like a school she drowned into the
into the green room which has botas of
like Julie Andrews David Tennant and
like John Barrowman everywhere which is
that all this amazing stuff everywhere
and in the green world like people i
watch that the regular specialists and
sets and subjects and just it was
amazing the sports guy couple getting
him out i was just like wow that cross
on the coke and tea and coffee and
things like that and had the little
screen and then i went on and it was
Sean and bill and they're so nice and
with Jamie Jamie of mugglenet and it was
just it was so awesome it was crazy i
was an expression but funny thing is
that it was timed perfectly into and
when we have registration time at school
and I told when we friends about it and
evident
it's kind of the word kind of got around
and my form being the awesome form they
are put on the interactive whiteboard
and watch certain restoration that was
cool that was so just ridiculous it was
lovely talking about Harry Potter I
sound really nervous in the TV thing I
just watched it back just now it's very
weird to watch back um but wasn't
nervous at all so I don't know I don't
know this it was weird that that came of
course but when I got home there was an
even this is so beautiful I can't a
clunk prepare for this beauty but wow
the collectors edition hotels being
barred in your pants and it's like it
looks like a huge beautiful additional
bit but it's not only just it's not just
that it it opens this little bag will
show you as much as possible in the 10
notes that I have and also what's up
with you to run out suit freaky
collector's edition print JK Rowling is
just a multi talented genius I love it I
love this one that is gorgeous to your
door I'm going to frame this one the
most amazing things this which is the
actual tears filled flood it's like a
replica 17 ones and the ones that should
gave up to six people who you know
mattered motor and it's just are so
beautiful it's just like if you if
you're a be careful to ban and you
haven't got last edition I know it's a
lot of money but I realize just how
worth it it was um yeah I want to talk
more and i'm gonna read out onto toys as
well my favorite one is found to the
fair fortunes at some point and you know
do many things at some point right now
at some point i've gotta read quite a
few books foxford it I've got to UM
what's right oh yeah learn math clear
cities 66 well guys thank you to
everyone who watched me today I'm sorry
that I look at the boom
