so I just recorded this huge long video
and it's really disjointed I'm not
saying they're like we're gonna make
this video shorter because I'm not
because I just want to see more in it to
be a video before last I didn't mention
about another thing that I was really
excited about which is that the killers
used to be damaged coming out on the
25th in the US I think the world in the
UK it's our 24th because the killers are
always really nice okay
could the EPA I was like yeah the
killers when America wasn't initially
like that because and I love the killers
I fabulous if anyone's ever seen I don't
know if you've seen it before but it's a
poster that I think things are amazing I
think they are one of the best fans of
our time but so many people can disagree
with me and this is why because the way
to see the world isn't the same as wait
we're gonna see the world in a way or
they don't agree with the way it's
presented that kind of thing to all the
people who say that pop culture is not a
good thing and it's all vapid it's all
vacuous and it's all just this
collection of people's you are only care
about Big Brother and Hani Oakes and
they you know there's no real meaning
behind it all it's all superficial shut
up
pop culture is incredible and music I
would hope is the poetry of today yeah
it's a 21st century 20th century poetry
and amazingly about it is that it can be
anyone you know the thing with poetry
and literature from like the 19th
century before is that typically it was
the upper classes and the privileged and
people who were wealthy and had the
opportunity to stop and seek out and go
and try and get published they're gonna
be stories of people from the lower
class since he might get a book
published I'm sure some bits from nice
class of poverty and they managed to get
that book published so there you go
you're wrong I'm not saying in all cases
but those cases are exceptional because
they're an exception the thing about
music is that it can be anyone anyone
there are poets today and they're
amazing poets today and I love poetry I
do an English poetry week there's so
many minutes a day there's so many
amazing person history saying with white
people just like wow
but music with lyrics and with the way
that he gets into your brain how can
anyone say that
music and literature on art they are an
art and I contest as well you know when
people say Ange literature its humanity
yes well in a way it tells you things
about humanity but I would say it should
be Lumbridge towards art and music and
duty and drama because you know in terms
of like the subject organizing there's
at that because it is an art books are
art and they're just expression and they
are the way you see the world and I love
them but there's this line in the most
recent killer song called human it's
been veiled debate about the word and
Ron's turn I should put it as one of the
stupidest lyrics of the week there's his
line in the chorus that says are we
human or are we dancer and there's a
question about whether you meant denser
because you know dancer sounds a bit
weird does it really make much sense but
it's actually reference to something
that I think how Thompson I think it was
said it but I put the link to the
article on his eye drop and it kind of
draw what you were saying that like
America was raising a generation of
dancers that was a bad thing but I'm
thinking why is this a bad thing why is
being a dancer having the Liberty you
singing that every movement is poetry
and music and art everything you do has
the intention to be free and be
beautiful and just wow and it's like
ballet for example it's something so
much more than superficial beauty in
everything like stray dogs awesome it's
just brilliant
why are we so dead set on this idea of
being human and being what we're
expected to be you doing this course
work on suffering thing I'm doing right
now it's just it's going to my mind it's
just got me thinking about everything
and I listen to me is kind of just think
so I'll of course corner there's so much
I love it so much every time I read a
book I see it on a different level like
this book freeze on which I've just read
out but I won't talk too much cuz I've
never heard of this man in my life just
ah it's different your brain it's you
think it's well mostly it's why I really
it's why I love everything that it's
interdisciplinary and I just love it and
it is anything not just
interdisciplinary we are you know
everything by the root
it'll connect and form of a beautiful
uncut hair of graves so I'm reading the
bell jar I read it for the first time
earlier this year and I loved it I loved
it so much I've read it so many times
and I've got my notes in it and I like
those people say that she was like a
depressed psycho but I have to disagree
she was depressed in fact he and she
committed suicide little bit after
writing this bitch she was a genius
honesty that she brings to her writing
the way she expresses herself she's just
incredible and the metaphors that she
comes up with it's just it hits you this
is one my favorite part sister pol I
didn't think I don't know how much it
relates to my essay but I loved it so
I'm just gonna read it to you
physics made me sick the whole time I
learned it what I couldn't stand was
this shrinking everything into letters
and numbers instead of leaf shapes and
enlarged diagrams of the holes and
leaves read through and fascinating
words like carotene and xanthophyll a
blackboard though this hideous cramped
scorpion lettered formulas and mr.
mansi's special red chalk a new
chemistry would be worse because I'd
seen a big charter than 90 odd elements
hung up in the chemistry lab another
perfectly good words like gold and
silver and cobalt and aluminium which
oughtn't to ugly abbreviations with
different decimal numbers after them and
this kind of exemplifies where I feel
about the science in general I think
it's like amazing and I was learning
this biology stuff for my SATs and it
was mind-blowing
so interesting when my body is so clever
and these are physics are amazing
especially astrophysics cuz you know Wow
chemistry is amazing as well we reduce
it to numbers and visual symbols rather
than actually showing the beat of it
that's just the way I see it but I'm
very young I think it's right brained I
don't know I can't move which side of my
brain does creative you won but the
thing is with the question are we human
or are we dancer why do we limit
ourselves to that why do we say no
humans have to be this way
they shouldn't watch back paid back to
his program no we should be teaching
people to look at these programs and
learn things from them like Miley Cyrus
for example okay how music is not like
the killers and sense that you know you
don't have that beautiful poetry of
lyrics and you don't have there are two
words for example but she is talking
about things
she's like a vessel for someone else's
thoughts and someone else's emotions
that other person's emotion and the
people who write the music do who wrote
the man I did person you write the
lyrics just everyone behind producing it
their vision of the way this song should
be the image that it should portray to
the public and even if that image is
mission poetry to the public that she's
a 15 year old school girl and
should be you know like a thought out
and media that tells a lot about
intentions and this isn't necessarily a
bad thing because the things that she's
singing about are things that someone
has thought about and the things that
she I just like Wow
just pop culture just blows my mind when
I think about it and I want you to read
one more thing it's from paper town so
if you haven't read Paper Towns then
maybe you shouldn't watch this but at
the same time it's not hugely spoilery
but it's just one of my favorite parts
of Margo and while I don't think that
she entirely believes as herself just
kind of duped herself into believing it
but kind of contradicts herself in many
ways it's just it's one of my favorite
bits and I wanted to read it to you
while they managed to speak in the usual
manic soliloquy without answering my
question did you know that for pretty
much the entire history of the human
species the average lifespan was less
than 30 years you could count on ten
years or so relied on food right there
was no plan for retirement there was no
planning for a career there was no
planning no time for planning no time
for a future but then the lifespan
started getting longer
and people started having more and more
future and so they spent more time
thinking about it about the future and
now life has become the future every
moment of your life is lived for the
future you go to high school so you can
go to college so you can get a good job
so you can get a nice house so you can
bought send your kids clothes so they
can get a good job so they can get the
guys house so they can afford to send
their kids to college and what I'm not
saying that's a bad thing I mean I value
education more than many people I know
and while and what saying that wanting
to have a family and wanting to not have
a family or wanting to live in a nice
house give people opportunity will
spread the wealth around whatever
I wasn't saying that's a bad thing I'm
just saying you have to stop saying that
being a dancer it's a bad thing and
saying that reason the way we learn this
is listening to the pillars and buying
their album on the 24th or the 25th
depending on where you are in the world
and listening to music even if it's not
the killers and letting expect you and
not criticizing pop culture because pop
culture is amazing and I'm probably
gonna continue this rant at some times
but I've actually got to get back to my
essay because I'm talking about
suffering inspired actually pretty good
so but right now it's all about
individual suffering verse comments
after me is there a Tina
and I also have a really good idea for
video which is probably not going to end
up being really good but I like it so I
will do it at some point when I haven't
got a to-do list with 27.5 items on it
I'm crazy
ok so I just remember the other thing
that I want to talk about that just
completely forgot about but you know
about like imitating art or art
imitating life because John was talking
about it in rock TV yesterday and it was
real I just had this thought that was
really interesting about the way that we
perceive life and life disease arts and
music imitating life and life I think
actually what images new music and also
how how the thing that I loved about
writing is how will life know to imitate
anything if you don't want your dreams
down I don't this if you don't write
your ideas up if you don't put them out
there
that's I don't know what I'm trying to
say but I do know what I'm trying to say
but I convict two words because they
weren't words so it wasn't to be created
like Shakespeare an amazing thing
creating words we should all create
words yeah right
