hi guys notice anything different good
they're gone ah finally after a year and
10 months the metal monsters on my mouth
have gone I'm getting my retainer on
Monday so I've got a blissful few days
without them one of those days being the
SI te day but it's okay I've been doing
a lot of revision and you know I can
only do so much so okay scary also got
an email from the Oxford saying that
they received my application today so
please take me I Love New York's live
get graped which is so badly I've just
been taking those opposed Ruvo toes on
photo booth with my face on them because
I didn't have braces anymore and my
sheets are huge and sort of slimy but in
a fantastically wonderful way and the
removal of the brackets it actually hurt
as much as everyone told me to tell me
it would because everyone was like you
get your braces off oh my god that hurts
so much like people like they like pull
my tooth off always like not worry that
pimple I mean considering with that that
I've had loads of teeth pulled out and
last time popping tooth cracked and
stayed in my gum is probably still in
there somewhere I road you're bothered
by up stuff it's 952 and I was really
annoyed because I was gonna stay up late
last night would get up late and called
up Christina or Katie or Sam at the
signing that was them Seattle
johnandrich yesterday but I didn't
because I fell asleep at like 830
instead which was probably better for my
health but had sad Vodafone have been
awesome he just gave me 100 free minutes
and I'm players ago and what you've not
contract so it's just like the game in
103 minutes which it's amazing cuz if
you know me you know that I never have
any credit or anything like that I went
to something called wicked days the
other um yeah birthday yep on Sunday my
friend Emma who I met at terminus we
love very much I mean we had this crazy
time like I can't you speak in American
that simple he said the whole time
speaking in America my speaking in an
American accent when we watched through
sir james park which is where booking
palaces and they were doing the changing
of the guard and then the guys dozen
things Star Wars I was like how amazing
are Royal Guards that are amazing
incredible with your pistols who else is
God's play Star Wars I just wanna ask
exciting things coming up in general the
doctor who series for boxset released
soon it is great except that i think i'm
gonna ask for Christmas seems I'm am
broke Beedle the bard I'm Maurice idea
that I think a lot of people are in a
way because I think people kind of
forget about we don't but I'm like what
have you kept puppy of the bard it's
really exciting although I did the other
go to any releases or anything like that
because the night after that I'm going
to see how much and then a day after
that I have my actual s80 it's not just
my other duties so yeah it's gonna be
reshot one it's gonna be weird cuz it's
strange to me I'm at the library to take
my books back that I don't read cuz I
just have no time and I've no seven kind
of a crappy day yesterday so i bought
brighton rock and i bought a streetcar
named desire which i've only read but
i'm reading again revolutionary road
amount about 40 pages i know major
advancement is so weird reading so
slowly i don't like it but I was also I
was rereading Paper Towns it's damn and
ready to put it down as always I'm 153
pages into my reread and just loving it
all over again but I had to sleep I'm so
tired so tired oh I can't believe I
don't have those metal idiots on my
teeth anymore and we still do have like
gaps but not you no noticeable once i'm
so happy i just got free really um even
though now i'm just going to sit back
and do some revision because as you can
see I've got my notes there's fantasy my
vegetable and then there's more notes
here and even more notes just in every
single part my room I've grown a scarf
I'm leg warmers because in shocking news
England is really cold right now and
parts of London not quite why not we you
and him just outside of London got snow
yesterday and I think that's awfully
unfair seeing as I love snow and I
didn't get you so just cuz I'm stupid
where I am oh maybe it's gonna be cold
to snow snow give me snow and it's over
so called that's not on they're gonna go
put on a jamba and revised huh I can
know my son well nervous I really want
to like wow I'm going to use
universities the problem is I wanted to
all of these universities that by doing
the US and just like ah and the UK as
well so that's you know that's a problem
yeah it's cool I can chew golf again
that's so exciting I know a couple of
people have bad days recently I have
their days a cop and by a couple of
people and we'd like everyone I know so
right that looks up for everyone because
we all are like dwelling in a bad day
misery together and Becky I'm sorry I
can't make it tonight sorry bye
