hi everyone today's video is going to be
about a few books I read today I
finished one or two that's partially
because I've been kind of ill ish in
what my mom insists as a temperature
where I had cold or something like that
to me it kind of just seems like
unfortunate timing of headache with
extremely uncomfortable braced pain so
that's been good fun they crashed out a
couple of times just fell asleep and I'm
feeling a lot better now which is good
but I get randomly worry red which is
also not encouraging my voice goes every
now and then which is also fun but it's
yeah it's the usual pre going back to
school last minute we'll make yourselves
you can so you can't finish all the good
things that have to do just flew to
school will do any fun things kind of
feeling so thanks whoever decides that
the only reason why I was at home all
day today was because i was waiting for
a package that they tried to deliver
yesterday but i was out there putting
meet up which I've got loads of videos
and stuff from when I put that up
sometime when I get the cable out from
this book there's about a meter away
from me but I just can't stomach the
energy to do that right now in other
ones I suck so there you go and more
about that package later I explain more
about that later but the first book that
I was reading today was finishing off
the last 150 pages or so of ink death
it's not my favorite of the three as I
said in your video in cut always be my
favorite but I couldn't have thought of
a more perfect way to end it there was
one ending for one particular character
everyone assumed was going to happen and
it didn't and that made me really happy
cuz everyone else wanted it to happen
and I didn't make me your winner and
it's really good it is it doesn't stop
tie you up in the world of words until
the end and i love the quotations at the
beginning of every chapter even for
books i've read they have blows from
harry potter and goblet of fire this one
you have some fun the time travelers
wife they have quite a few from the book
thief as well i'm at the beginning of
every chapter for example
the journal in chrome is randomly
selected page that happened to open at
the beginning of a chat told someone
loves me up there because they cooperate
on a big you video sometimes so I did
love it I think if you're running car
inks barf and then you got a lot to look
forward to but no this is like I think
this is like verging on 14 plus not
because of content but because of the
fact that you just really have to kind
of push yourself with it but not in like
a I'm forcing myself to redo it you have
to kind of be like this is worth it I
can't explain it very well I think only
one you've read it you'll understand
which I know is a really annoying thing
to say but it's out in hardback in
october two thousand eight at twelve
pounds ninety-nine so go along to your
favorite independent bookshop and buy it
there the other book i read was one that
i bought in america which was fly on the
wall in my pants and funny enough the
kill quotation original someone you knew
it would ok Joey who's on the back of
drama rama as well and on the front
working dog so clearly join me on quite
a cool person you'll keep senior quits
everyone quotations quotations wow I
just slipped up there big time I like
this it was really a good to get through
it took me about an hour an hour and a
half to read but I I really liked it
like things in Lockhart's humor is great
like it's fabulous the boyfriend s
remains my favorite and the boy book as
well I really love that but he already
does shine through and the characters
are very distinctive as well as like
them all the same characters at all but
they're very distinctive and I love that
and I feel it was great and it was
really idea and it was a really great
emerged to the ridge amorphouse s which
is light when we're all time favorite
favorite stories by Kafka and I saw this
amazing production of that age scope
which I talked about quite regularly and
I love it so back to the package I knew
it was coming I did I've got dixie
excited when it was coming and well I
British ready p for towns in my pants
I'll time to be on the back all galley
copies are exciting like that like I
can't even explain i was i was told look
to get my expectations too high because
you know when you people is how you
don't have them too high because then
they have further distance to fall or
whatever I still want in it with amazing
expectations because I know what an
amazing writer Dorian is and seriously
wow I mean this looking for alaska will
always I think always be my favorite
just because oh the things that it means
to me in certain ways but I could not
have read this at a better time it's
perfect and it won't Wow and I wow wow
well I'm hesitant to say anything about
it I think I had you a full proper
review after the release date because I
just want to talk about it with people
and and see how their reactions and
their feelings about characters in the
book and as no certain musings as well
compare with mine and it it's
inspirational in it I just love it it's
just it set something from the brains
just been like wow like yeah that's the
jigsaw piece puzzle at the time I needed
it and as you know that picture but I'm
not at all saying that I didn't
absolutely completely drawn abundance of
katherines I've got a difference on and
stickers kind of form of that one this
was I think this Mary 61 with 16th
birthday presents I remember making
video about that but oh wow love it I
think I think this is my second big one
like literally only I mean it's only
just behind looking for alaska and
that's only because of things that i can
never even begin to explain but wow wow
wow wow wow wow I'm sorry I'm kind of
gloating here and I'm not even gloating
I'm just I'm sure
you I hope I'm making people feel
excited about reading it and there is
actually more to come on the Paper Towns
front I hate because that was the video
that i mentioned it a while ago that i
want little while ago i mean sunday i
think sunday genomic the video Sunday
today there is something to do that that
I won't talk about which I haven't quite
done yet because I've been ill my excuse
so the next book a long way it's Plato's
Republic it's got stick on him for a
butcher I don't really like so I just
put the sticker there are public in my
pants which is I think 800 pages and
completely I know it's like 400 pages
but it's like completely
incomprehensible unless you really like
three times and not I this is like my
second or third reading they done right
to start but that's my own copy now so
kind of annotate it and work through it
so that's the one for school and but I
do love it so it's philosophy so it's
okay and I'm also reading a fraction of
the home in my pants out of any read
about five pages I've read that and then
the doorbell rang and it was fed ex and
my life just right wow you know when you
found it but can you know when you like
you know when that book has meant
something to you and you know in that
book is kind of impacted you don't
possibly undefinable way but now well
instead
