hi everyone it's Wednesday 27th of
august and puff levels are high on one
side of the head and then completely
completely low well the other it's the
story of my life this video is an actual
thing to do was blog brothers or
anything like that such to do the
something that's happening on monday
September first you may have seen a
video about it I didn't know if there
any that exists partially because I
spent today doing things like this and
planning things when I'm obsessed with
planning I've planned money and time and
essays and admissions essays and where I
can get money from and money and stony
money money has been in the brain today
I've been quite help stress but it's
also my sister's my eldest sisters 26
birthday today so happy birthday tony
this video is not about that this video
is something that's happening on monday
is actually a meetup that I'm kind of
i'm organizing but it's not over it's
like my meet up or anything it's like
it's everyone's meet up actually that's
like it's not your average youtube
gathering it's something that we've done
a few times before in london it's a
harry potter meet up so it's literally
don't welcoming if you're just like you
should fan and you know how to put a fan
because that's everything that day is
kind of going to be an undercurrent of
harry potter knows it's gonna be nice
community for anyone who went to
terminus to kind of see each other again
if you an see each other for a while but
you're still absolutely more than
welcome super 100% it'd be awesome if
you came if you have a porta fan and you
didn't get the chance to go to terminus
there's by no means like some kind of
requirement if you can get to Kings
Cross a little bit before it oven
because it's monday septemberfest and we
kind of want to be there in you're in
good time so that we all like as many
people as can make it by 11 I know
people got work and would come late it
wasn't Lee yeah if you can be that kind
of 10 to 40 211 King's Cross just
outside platform nine and three-quarters
the sign thing with a charlie that'd be
really great if you need directions or
anything just comment or and try and
friend will cost me I'm so sorry I'm
really bad with a friend request take me
a little while to get through I
generally just kind of do a blanket
accept and then so you guys can message
me and only that kind of eliminates the
point of having a friends request but I
don't know I'm nonsensical and
yeah information I don't me know what
we're doing that day it kind of depends
on you know what people feel like doing
if it's a nice day which I doubt it
since the past like ever since I got
back from Chicago it's been great and
horrible and it's just like yeah don't
really want to be in this country right
now there's just random stuff Louise I'm
not doing like last time umm Ali Lily
kind of initiated her London gathering
thing we ended up I think we saw a hand
portion the imax cinema so must meant it
was like in august so if it wasn't that
one well then we walked around the whole
of London screaming and in the style of
the game bogeys screaming models and was
it muggles what they were just like
avada kedavra ng everyone or just like
smelly sock firing spells at world and
pretend to be giant squids so we go to
get up to random crap but if you want to
join us getting up to random crap meet
us at 10 to watch 2 and 11 King's Cross
London for a very big harry potter meet
up and buy very big I mean hopefully not
just me yeah I can't think what else to
say and yet if you can't make that time
just leave me a comment or message or
something and we'll try and work out
some way that you can still join in the
fun and I'll take lots of video and put
up in here and yea high water and not
youtube like if you're on YouTube and
you like how water that's fine but if
you're not been YouTube and if you are
on YouTube and you kind of like a
YouTube man you got onto YouTube
gatherings you don't give a about
our water then eh yeah what the hell and
be don't come sorry that's not really
mean like we can convert you if you want
like we're cool with that yes so for the
15th hundred time coach to 10 to 11
Kings Cross london england UK and i'll
be making more videos weren't my life is
just not this one freaking huge to-do
list my guess
