really showcase your purchases Oh
Confederate forces so pretty where's it
from topshop so pretty where's it from
just a pretty weather firm of Chaka over
yours oh wait i have shoes and shoes
nothing I thought little earrings throw
dirt on them there's like pink or the
earlier jewels on the outside detective
yes I knew about that okay she's in is
56 and i'm at least 5 58 so stop your
banjee sighs when you 257 so i thought
my shoes in which to Oxford Circus
that's a big one they go under
so much much passes her mistress yay the
called Stephanie similarly lavender
replies Stephanie loves hmm very
exciting mm-hmm is a brownie from
Borough Market which is like the best
family in the world she found a little
forward we just go we were just kids
Eden Palace through it well we didn't go
in we like to do laundry we're in their
differences are do this right now and
have a favorite pizza good man good boy
but you're going to say Boy Who Lived I
was like oh no yeah that's someone
different kinda yeah and tonight you as
one cares of the boss and fired a
Scottish disaster date a rock fish and
sunday I'm off to see the dark knight
with all those different in Greece I
think I don't know an affair sleep for
the whole day I was it on Monday and
Monday is Katie's last day
i'ma go to Chicago yeah there's kind of
a fever virus so very on the spot now so
now you can also used to ceiling on the
spot though because I've been like a
girl the camera and just like in general
in life in my people are always very
large like oh my god pretty
yeah gorgeous how do you been oh I have
an office on its way just on the back of
your leg anymore Oh awesome why I one
back there this is gonna be is not it's
not there anymore either oh well faded
back of you yeah that's so bad yeah I
was wearing on I simply to probably i
think in tibetan videos were so you
might have already seen the video where
she got her anything back it was never
had to have this heavy bag with my heavy
cameraman coin for doing here doing here
a mess this is that paper bags a better
for the environment and plastic bags I
usually bring a bag with me I didn't say
I feel very guilty whens little and in
yours yeah it's more similar solutions
cuter
thank you you'll see something else
about the English British American
language probably hopefully sorry maybe
perhaps a chance or yall already seen it
we all have already seen it soon as this
might take longer to edit and this is a
drizzle of idiot anyway Susan cares when
we're here with Peter Pan and to wendys
I said you two pretty people thank you
Kaylee's a very dodgy do you think you
love you from isn't it mean definitely
blended in with the British British
petrol humor I've always thought this
yeah none of that was a great friend to
that movie and this is Leslie who god I
love you sesame you were 12 to five
stories are you so swing for you like
she has many stories to tell it's true
because we're like this now yeah don't
put that in the video i will send a few
forward to meeting you Christina because
I feel like who I have a look to open
up.you for my's about you better than
you can't be like any of that you really
yes I can yes I can yeah ok say P Japan
enough are ever knock this has been such
a long video zoom out a man yeah
