there's something that really really
really really really really really likes
hey Lee Ji Hoover as in five awesome
girl as an amazing youtube funny sparse
ananth absolutely lovely is in London
right now london england london england
united kingdom probably no more than 20
minutes away from me frustrating me do
see some mess up which that one tiny
little telephone digit and like from
that fraud communication in general we
and by we I mean myself jazz arriving
with oranges jherich cook Jerry black
sisters Ali and lily and Jasmine's
friend Louise all all met up together in
London and we're hoping to meet Haley
but I just because that one digit it all
just went pear-shaped and we didn't get
to meet her which was really I mean we
did have a lovely time in general but ah
Amy hopefully though you know it's not
that long until terminus anyway and
we're going to add with me at least
pretty much everyone and if you're not
going to turn this in your Harry Potter
fan I mean what you do with yourself in
your life really so that's such a shame
and Haley for watching this I'm
absolutely kicking myself right now but
um something's help like I've got a form
an application form for a second year of
something which basically gives been
lived in my every week so that's really
nice you know you always need my prior
with you might then I got something from
the world Shakespeare Company which I'm
a full member of which is the members
muse and hey look at that on the front
oh it's david tennant um I'm in the
process of sorting up looking for my
second lot of tickets during the London
season and I think quite a few my
friends coming with me which is awesome
as well so when the seating kick of
Missy in July in Stratford with kaylee
and with another friend and then I'm
going to see it hopefully in December
with the whole bunch of my friends and I
also want to bring some kind of school
visit and they have like school
conferences and stuff getting excited
about this i don't quite have enough
money for it don't really know i'm going
to do about that to be honest it Meek
arrow at the moment let's put this into
a little perspective david tennant is
only my favorite actor in the whole
entire world and universe and
the whole history of time basically so
I'm not really gonna think twice about
seeing a play with him in it twice I
held up almost halfway through my
sister's keeper absolutely brilliant
book finding hard to put it down I found
this book which I've been looking for
for about maybe four years maybe five
which is a science fiction book which
isn't published in the UK but I found it
in borders I didn't only going to
borders because he had chains but
there's a starbucks in my local borders
and apart from you know sub box is the
one chain they absolutely love because
no else does really amazing tour mocha
like frappuccinos with cream in the same
way that starbucks to them so yeah
that's like my one vice and life well
one my then many vices in life and BN
now i found in this site they haven't
mastered science fiction section it's an
awesome section i found this book
Lucifer's whammo by larry niven which
despite my mother shocked at the title
VI ba but you're Catholic you can't
reduce for summer because it means
disgusting well no she didn't say that
but I could see it in her eyes that she
wanted to say that i've really want to
read about rages it's one kind of a bomb
apocalyptic kind of novels but
apparently also i was told four or five
years ago it raises a lot of
philosophical questions about you know
people's ranking importance in society
and I kind of enjoyed reading about that
finally today was like my first proper
school day yesterday I had but after
exams yesterday I had higher education
day which was kind of terrifying because
I mean one of the universities I want to
apply for his Oxford the other two ones
i mainly were to apply for have massive
demand everywhere is like a fairly close
to 30,000 people apply for english
literature to studying English
literature every single year so it's
matt from making self stand out and it's
just aa terrifying today was today was
like my first proper day of school
except what cover my lessons were
cancelled and I've officially dropped
over females
no going back and here we're going
through the course outlines for all
subjects and philosophy you in
particular we do things like political
philosophy would do mill on liberty and
then we have a synoptic unit which is
like a four-hour essay and then in
English as well we do things like we're
doing Hamlet appropriate and John Clare
and our synoptic unit is a war poetry
and then we do unit which is like
comparing text and you get to pick this
text which is of course work which I'm
really looking forward to so that's cool
but just what strikes me this amount of
reading and going to have to do next
year I mean I read a lot already but
this is just going to be out as well
anyway is that really much else to say
but Haley teleport here right now it's
not very far it's in a few miles or so
oh well oh boy does not to say that I
didn't have so much fun with everyone
who I did me up with today we did a
little a science museum for about 15
minutes they were closing everything
such a shame one day I will relive my
childhood and gather properly we went to
lots of places and my feet are kind of
hurting because I worked really
impractical shoes sometimes all the time
and let go ahead is this rooty I don't
know how much you can tell but I'm just
kind of shaking it to get into the light
yeah not as many big thick 2-inch roots
as they were before which is a very good
thing if you ask me
