hi guys today's video is going to be
about books and about packages I got a
couple of things in the post recently
the 1i got the most recently I got this
morning which is this t-shirt which is
also from goodie two sleeves yeah my
heart darkness I sure do a bit of a
dinosaur freak every now and then hey
emulate Ross a bit i get bit excited
about dinosaurs a lot of people have
asked where i get t-shirts from it's
from goodie two sleeves if you live in
the UK and they don't ship overseas so
you can get stuff from reload or the
alternative store or house for free thur
as well it is a bit expensive but it's
one of the things that you kind of need
to splurge on after a world of intense
what which I'm sure all of you will be
feeling a moment do exams or something
like that and other good places to get
cool t-shirts are places like threadless
threadless com that's amazing t-shirts
never really portable like the quality
of t-shirt that you get then of course
things like cafepress where you just
look for and think I have a problem
sometimes Catholic risks I don't think
the quality is very good if you just
browser on the internet fellow why you
there are some really great t-shirt site
so have a look about August last year
and clearly improved i sent a van lynch
and a birthday card because her birthday
is one day laughter mind she's exactly
one day of I'm younger than me and I got
this repo sign Pitt River which is
absolutely awesome as a really nice
price to nvm together post however one
which is also absolutely brilliant that
name came this really cool suitably
scarlet and like those of you who read
more Johnson vlog although that I am
very lucky to be to have received a copy
of sweets garlic which is awesome which
is here sweet scarlet color is so nice
i'm sorry this is why you shouldn't cut
people's heads off and so begins the
book discussion in general because i
read in the last week i didn't read
seven books which is what i wanted to
but i read this one this one and this
one last week something else sweet
wallet I confess that I
wanted to live in the hotel from a dixie
long time and further fueled by my
friend Katherine if you check out
catastrophe is hurt she has a bit of an
obsession with the suite life of zack &
cody and you kind of got me into it for
a little while and i just don't you
think about the dinner hotel the more
exciting it sounds more brilliant it
sounds a hotel in new york city no less
which I think like I really was at you
New York I really really wanted
something that we all do next year it's
just one of those iconic places I just
loved it I loved everything about this
book and it's absolutely great you can't
get in the UK but you've known vanderlyn
I'm sure and when you'd like online just
like that they send that to you and in
if you live in the States or any more
they do publish it do bikes I've really
read it she's a great character really
strong character and I found myself
identifying with her at some points and
I now realize i really like the people
ranta and the characterization or more
characters with us characterization of
all the characters there's something
when he was about that the cut yeah the
characterization in that book was just
it was really really strong at the
strongest as from this point because I
found that in 13 is still blue envelopes
as well but I think even more so even
stronger and sweet scarlet so that was
great that is why the next book I'm
going to read it is going to be the lux
or advanced reader copy / lives which
are as far as i know it also sat in a
new york hotel or somewhere new york and
only set about 100 years before its
follow or 18 years or something like
that and do the murder and that's about
all i know and i hope has it changed too
much from this copy to the final product
I don't know be willing to do that next
so thank you so much Maureen if you're
watching a seat first book I read was
and then there were not and i have to
say that this is quickly become my
favorite mystery and this is coming from
who like just devoured mysteries granted
I went through my fingers for days when
I was in about three if also I was like
eight and I then I terrified myself and
not to Drew and my mom had to take them
away from me because I just out get
nightmares like I thought everyone I
would do this but he's right i could get
to sleep because i feel every noise i
had was like someone break into my house
or someone's garden an axe murderer of
self and to this day I still got me
creepy X merger of chasing after you
dreams like deep mysteries we don't
really know that and it turns out to be
like my best friend or it turns out to
be like a teacher what turns out to be
like some adult that I really tries to
is chasing after meals like a 24 acts or
something like that so I'm really
freaked out once this was some clever
though you think you get to the end and
thick okay wait moves like there's no
way that she can explain this this
cannot be explained away and then the
last like what three pages or this is
about it oh do you just wow that was yet
that was really good so weak and then
they were on an sweets got the third one
that overhead was a princess and a
captain by and window there's actually
and I think it's French but it was
translated into English a love stories
about like feisty princesses and that's
what really intrigued at the beginning
because the back it says a swashbuckling
an action-packed magical Odyssey
featuring requested princess and son
unlikely heroes lovely Odyssey love
princesses when they you know too much
like in the following stories the tough
princess it was when my favorite stories
when my favorite bitch brooke for real
time as about this process you can't all
time to be like why skewed by prints and
she's like now I'm having any of that so
she goes out and she likes slay some
dragons and she rescues a prince herself
rather than being rescue worker took the
early feminist story is awesome and of
course the other contestant that I
absolutely love was a princess diaries
by Meg Cabot which just like brilliant
series of how to dig out my
copy and in Reno type it makes me feel
like reading it again 2001 I'm so young
that's an awesome princess Tori and I'm
sure you've all read it that's so good
and then this is one of my favorite
books and fold in the parent as well
little princess by Frances Hodgson
Burnett it's in my freak Oh Frances
Hodgson Burnett combination of three
books of awesome so I like Princess
books it would be fair to say that I
have been up high standards but I have
certain expectations of feisty
princesses I don't like them to be
sitting around doing nothing the problem
has it Malvo whose main character in
this is that while the the whole action
the invention was great about it and I
like the other protagonist obvious malva
just seemed like a bit of a brat I mean
I'm all for not following or your
parents tell you to do even though if
they're acting your best interest and
like when at the beginning is whether
the father is clearly not being kind to
but at the same time she just she's so
selfish and I really annoyed me I
wouldn't say don't read it it was a
really good adventure it was a really
nice read as well after exams just quite
lose herself and fantasy along with like
a crime and then a really strong piece
of young adult fiction as well but this
they've done it did let me down and also
cuz I have to get back to the library a
book took out ages ago and just forgot
about not forgot about but I just
haven't had time to read my sister's
keeper which I know so many of you
saying that it's brilliant but i still
haven't read it I just haven't had the
time finally this we can tow it France
which is a nice I'm friday saturday
sunday and i was going to the side which
is possibly the most gorgeous face I
have ever seen live the French must come
to rocking palace and laugh besides just
incredible i mean if you ever have a
chance to see it i say you would I
didn't even get to go inside because we
have to be somewhere later but just from
the outside art Marie Antoinette's
gardens a great loads of photos I boy
put them in the video and show you them
at some point I've got a bit of video as
well and and I also got this which is
another thing
reading which is a like a guide to the
side because I didn't get to see inside
I bought a book which had heads of
photos of the inside just laugh just wow
French history just fascinates me if you
see Norman videos you will know that i
read a book while grab Madame de
Pompadour obviously dr. humor down de
Pompadour while I didn't like the actual
script of Marie Antoinette the Sevilla
koala 1 capallo melon capella I love
just visually it was just gorgeous and
just amazing and I loved French history
is just exciting is so exciting I just
got something in my eye I've been steel
cylinders today it hurts like hell I
feel it's swollen it's not good but I'm
I'll sit back when the book maybe
