hi everyone certain advanced I apologize
if my voice cuts out or if I deep
breathing quite a lot and my health is
deteriorating accordingly with holidays
the second I rest all the stress that
just turns into ill and sorry I'm
getting slightly ill and my mouth is
partly due to this and I'm coughing a
lot which is great it's great fun but uh
either it can because it's pretty
outside so life is good this is gonna be
another random completely random blog
and I got quite a few things I want to
talk about entertainmentwise couple
things I want to talk about book wise as
well but mainly I want to show you this
we're really cool top I got this
yesterday hell yes I think it's quite
cool and I've got another one end coming
from goodie two sleeves which I ordered
on mine so can't find it in any of the
shops Wow basically ok life yesterday
was your vision Russia wild position one
personally I think nor wish to one or an
even greece greece or Norway should have
won over russia personally personally
possibly i also yesterday was also i do
anything the program where the general
public vote for who they want to play
Nancy andrew lloyd webber has a final
say on who's going to leave that week
back on things it's kinda like reality
TV and i know i've mentioned it a couple
times before but i'm a big fan of rachel
and rachel this week was just
mind-blowing and incredible lanthanum oh
and wonderful and just everything that
you possibly could want in the leading
lady and she's not just a leading lady
she's not just nancy to me she's like
bell and bleaching the beaches of
eateries oh gosh she's everyone she's
ever leading role yeah so i watch that
Angie to get she just made for Cadbury
and which I know that people outside the
UK can't use BBC iplayer or watch videos
on the booties new tube which sucks but
I'm sure someone were played it at some
point so I keep look up that the other
girls he was really good was there Jody
he's kinda like the stereotypical Nancy
person you would normally cast as Nancy
automatically but she's did really well
and then the other two if I used to have
a higher regard or just gone down in my
books I mean Jesse did this amazing
again amazing
performance which is not an address
which is certainly not an see her high
point was the man who got away which was
up until Rachel's performance the
highlight of the whole three series for
me but no now its rage was cabaret which
are just absolutely incredible and Sam
yeah great a lovely girl but you're not
Lansing she didn't have that Warner's
also yesterday and this morning as an
indication of how adores I read this 30
little bit envelopes yet I really like
this I didn't want say too much because
for fear of spoiling it it was brilliant
and I happen that I am slightly produce
case books where the cover has some wood
the head calls because I don't know like
if anyone reads trash and Easter which
is this and website which post reviews
about books generally aimed at the
female market and but all the reviews
which owned by women I think in general
and that's great great website don't put
a link somewhere over here or over here
and yes but in the UK a lot of books
that their marketing is trashy have
people's heads cut off that's such a
shame because I'm really really really
good books like this one we go unnoticed
and past cast aside is trashing because
they're on the same level as some really
really bad but which also have woman
with the head cough so I was slightly
prejudiced but it was great and okay and
doing a spoiler too much but I'm sure
you will know that at some point the
main character goes to London it's
always amazing to see it's like London
as well from a different person
perspective but to still have it like an
accurate description because I will not
tell you the number of times I've read
books which talk about London and I'm
like yeah but that wouldn't really
happen that's not realistic this was
realistic and it's brilliant is a really
really good read I really loved it so
that's cool next on my list i'm gonna
read one book a day at the moment
because I rehab reading Regin ages and
I'm deprived and today is family day of
course so I talked about um i'm going to
read i could Christy and then there were
none because I was inspired by last
week's up to here which reminded me that
I had ruined an Agatha Christie in
ridiculously long time I'd you know
we're gonna do for the rest of day give
me a couple of videos petardas tacular
to
my lemonade had some Eton Mess which is
lovely if you haven't tried it it's a
whipping cream glass grapes plus
strawberries well we make quick joins be
even Facebook but any fruit in there you
want and meringue lots of mine it's
great also never ever if you're maybe
maybe it works if you were like less
pale than me unless ghostly white ever
use this stuff does summer grow SPF and
it tells you orange I don't care what it
says about gradual tanning it's a lie it
turns you orange everywhere like ebony I
haven't been on for like a week and I'm
still orange in places and if has like
scrub off my skin because I'm so orange
it's it's it's wove it so orange and I'm
gonna have to lift this up off what it's
sitting on right now to show you what a
sitting room which is something that my
parents completely surprised me way
because they're not the kind of people
to give gifts and like randomly the RSC
William Shakespeare complete works fast
addition and the last tradition as well
um amazing I've got the complete works
of Shakespeare already that they're
described teeny tiny little old book
which is kind of more to admire more
something to admire Lin to practically
use but this is just like ah so gorgeous
I'm have so much fun with this William
Shakespeare and I say see you see
