spookley lighting facial transportation
and deep positions racial transportation
its consequence of weathering mesh
material and a glacial area is
transported by the browser itself but
some of it is transported in the melt
water and the smelter can be found on
top walls underneath or loads of it
beyond the rest are itself suprafacial
materials material that's carried on top
of the glass here and it's usually made
up of debris that's fallen onto it as a
result of four shattering weathering in
general in glacial is material carried
within de gracia and that's generally
and material there's four inside
crevasse and it flows with de gracia as
it moves subglacial is material that
moves along the base of the right ear
and a lot of it would have been derived
from blocking the load is mainly
deposited in the ablation zone and
mainly close to the snout whereas the
mass has the most energy there is more
glacial ice and the smaller version
which is in the zone of accumulation and
in the zone of ablation wear the mask
has low energy and there is d position
drift is a word for all materials
deposited under glacial condition there
are two kinds of drift the first one is
tilt tilt is material carriage and
directly deposited in an unsorted form
by the glacial ice and there are two
types of tail the first one is Lodge
winter night until is laid a brownie is
dissolved plastering process the place
until is dropped by a stationary garcia
as it begins to melt moraine is the name
given to the surface landform assumed by
till and the session kind of drift is
really a graceful deposits and these are
the sort of materials which will lay
down by multiple death both within and
beyond the ice sheet keep scratching
back my neck where material is being
transported its being transported
because it has enough mess right it
deposited it's because it loses
confidence competency due to a loss in
ice mask which gave it the ability to
flow in the first place and this loss is
usually due to an increase in
temperature which causes melting till
and for all glacial deposits are
unsorted and unstressed body and that
the being positive as solid rather than
by something like a river so there's no
stratification and this is the word
which is Mary and they're not sorted
anyway so the largest rocks for example
aren't deposited fast as you would have
in a river the first lat long I'm gonna
drop that is muriatic an erratic as a
rock found in a region with very
different genealogy this indicates
glacial transportation and deep position
because the rock has been picked up
moving the same direction as the glass
yet and then deposit to an area with a
completely different rock type it's
possible to trace the route of a glassy
abella kinematic because you find the
place in the northern hemisphere where
that rock is common drumlins Germans are
formed of unsorted glacial till till
gets deposited when the glossy becomes
overloaded for the glacial advance
elongates and smooths the pile of till
into this half egg kind of shape they're
often found in drummond swarms and this
is often called a basket of eggs
topography they usually found in loan
and planes such as the Scottish
Highlands and the long axis of the
Drummond is parallel to ice floe they
can be up to 1.5 kilometres long and 50
to 60 kilometers high Lorraine is frost
shattered and plucked unsorted and
unstressed ified layers of tail
transported by browser and then
deposited to ground lateral medial push
recession and Terrell marine full form
and forms both super glacial and English
marine own exist while the data exists
ground moraine is still deposited over
the floor of the u-shaped valley and is
found where the glassy ice meets the
rock under the glass you it may be
washed out from under the glacier by
meltwater streams or left in situ when
the gracia melts and retreats it can be
up to 45 meters thick lateral moraine
forms along the edges of the gaseous
material from the valuables is broken up
by four shuttering and falls onto the
ice surface then it is carried along the
sides of the Gracia and when the ice
melts it forms a rich along the valley
side medial moraine is actually formed
from two lateral moraines when to russ's
merged the two edges that meet or the
center line of the new glacier the line
of material is formed on the glassy
surface and the existence of medial
marine is proof that the last year had
more than one source when the I
melts it forms a ridge of material
across the valley center push marine is
only for my glasses that have retreated
and then advanced again the existence of
postman rain is usually evidence of the
climate becoming cooler after a
relatively warm period material that has
already been deposited is pushed up into
a pile as against responses and because
most marine material was deposited by
falling down not pushing up there are
characteristic differences in the
orientation of rocks within a push
marine recession marine form at the end
of the glass yet they are found across
the valley rather than along the valley
they are formed where a retreating glass
yet remains stationary for a sufficient
time to produce amount of material the
process of formation is the same as
terminal moraine which I'll talk about
in a sec but they occur where the
retreating eyes paused rather rather
than at the farthest extent of the ice
terminal moraine forms the snout of the
Garcia marking the farthest extent of
the ice forms across the valley floor
Arizona is a large amount of debris and
is usually feature the mass the end of
unsel deposits and the start of flea
really sorted materials generally with
Persian terminal Marines the rock would
point in the direction they're being
pushed for the long axis of the rock
along the width of the valley I think
super glacial moraine is material on the
surface of the gracia including lateral
and medial Murray loose Rock debris and
dust settling out from the atmosphere in
glacial moraine is any material trapped
within the ice including material that
has fallen down glasses and rocks being
scraped along the valley floor another
piece of evidence progressive movement
is stone orientation occasionally it's
possible to determine the direction of
ice flow by examining the orientation of
ground moraine or whether deposited till
this requires examination at least 50 to
100 samples allowing the investigator to
make a conclusion based on averages I
don't envy lateral it's 12 26 and I'm
exhausted if you see another video from
Eastern I it means I've not been
sensible and stayed up and done some
your vision if you have it means I've
been sensible going to sleep but will be
stressing out tomorrow even more than
normal
