hi guys as I'm still ill and still
grouchy and I've just completed
philosophy essay so I'm therefore on a
break and I thought I'd talk about
something that's been really really
greeting me really pissing me off and it
was in the news a couple of weeks ago
and I didn't realize how much it would
actually still be on my mind and it came
up yesterday for some reason and we came
up a couple of days ago and I was still
angry about it and I am still angry
about it so seeing this is a platform
freedom of speech or I just Emily me
expressing my anger I thought I'd talk a
little bit about this and to put this in
context this was a set by someone a
member of the British national party on
his blog and he was originally going to
run for the luncheon assembly elections
for which I think I one may the best and
when there was such like a fuller about
her they removed this guy from the
ballot for the London Assembly elections
and I never actually really apologized
but we said just said something like to
call being paid cover-up shit he like
anyway so I'm going to read this to you
and let's see your reactions I've never
really understood why so many men have
allowed themselves to be brainwashed by
the feminazis mess machine into
believing that Reapers such as serious
crimes rape is simply sex moving enjoy
sex so rate cannot be such a terrible
physical ordeal to suggest that rape
when conducted without violence is a
serious crime is like suggesting that
full suite of a woman chocolate cake is
heinous mr. heinous offence a woman
would be more inconvenience by having
her handbag snatched Erickson's your
redic ah it's like I'm fortunate enough
to have never been raped I am fortunate
enough to not know or have any of my
close friends I've been raped but I know
a lot of people who've been sexually
assaulted and that hits quite a nice
home as well so it's kind of like and
even if I hadn't what kind of asshole
says that rape is acceptable even if
it's not you know even if it's not
doesn't involve someone like holding a
knife to their throat and raving them
it's still not acceptable and there's a
cordial or not emotionally at these
people
go through so much I've written enough
stories by people have been raped have
enough stories about people have been
raped real life and fiction all that
you're doing for the one industry to
industry in dispute alabs or angry and
pronounce and probably indisputable fact
that this is not something which is
acceptable this is not saying which is
ever be acceptable and some guy who
would have so much power she never ever
say anything like this and this makes me
really angry and it feels really good to
be going this out my mind because all
i've been doing sitting here going and
it's like all that stuff which people
say that you know glass just subtly
bring rape upon them well okay maybe up
to a point like say you're drunk the
consequences of that up to a point would
be your responsibility but no one could
say that's your responsibility for being
raped because that's just bullshit and
it makes me angry and I'm angry and so
much work to do and after a wise but I
don't care because there are people out
here sayin stuff and they need to know
that it's wrong okay join idiot because
Eric send you an absolute idiot and
admit of course speaking of the london
mayoral elections if i did have the
chance to fire i would have no idea to
vote for because ken livingstone who i
used to think was actually really good
is actually two at because he's been
spending so much time supporting
terrorists and whatnot so no so did that
day has five children i know that you
know his private life is supposed to be
relevant but the fact that he's pushing
so much for parenting and he's always
put up this image they had two children
it's just this complete idea of
deception that just irritates me um and
boris johnson bigger stroke no way and
if the fact that they have cameras
obviously endorsing him makes him even
more of a joke and makes me even more
angry so to be honest if I had to vote I
would vote for and if I could vote as
well I would vote for Green Party lady
and that's my friends bye bye
