when are you going to make another video
right now have you ever forgotten to be
awesome and totally humiliated yourself
doing mean today or are we just talking
in general because the answer to that is
a resounding yes have you sorted out
accommodation for terminus I have indeed
what would happen if you've been derived
also the love child Joe rolling and
David Tennant would appear would be a
time-traveling wizard you traveling in
love reebok why are you apply to my
messages and youtube them in class
goodreads I've been busy doing things
like this where I can you get the end of
an era so if you go to myspace.com
thought / all of a void and the
remembrance there should be details
about where you can buy this on what you
think was the best film of last year
Juno and giant is inherited five what's
your favorite quotation currently Mehsud
other hearts that convened they shall
never be broken a response to on whether
John and the Yeti or planning on having
kids soon bill nerdfighters what's your
subjects dude dude dude Darth Vader or
Lord Voldemort Darth Vader any because
he had some redeeming qualities apples
oranges clementines would you rather
drink your own pee or vote for David
Cameron drink my own pee no I don't even
need to stay at how much if you could
watch one film for the rest of your life
which one would it be indiana jones and
the last crusade can you make a video
about your braces the kind of progress
is going on with them and come have a
view inside your mouth and movement of
your teeth and red bands etc this unless
it's the same responses whether or not
random people can go bound John Green's
house and whether or not that would be
weird how's it going I'm really really
really really bad i've got so much what
to do now making youtube videos or it's
all for you guys it's all for you guys
in your opinion what is the least useful
superpower i saw many love to crochet i
think there's a lot to be said for
supersonic knitting I think they're the
least useful superpower it be the one
that analogy to boil wise with your mind
who's your favorite bloggers on YouTube
Oh John nope Hank no John no no the
blood brothers before the nerdfighters
in the universe collaborated to write a
book together what would it be about
what he said I don't know where I'm
pointing John Green where are you what
was your favorite childhood toy in the
Sega Master System the super nintendo
entertainment system and lega so you
like harry potter right yeah he's all
right did you read Pride and Prejudice
for your english GCSE yes man 3
my English literature classmates from
last year persuaded our teacher to let
us about for us study it you've met
everyone else for studying short stories
and fighters prevail what color is your
favorite shirt Sela blue it's a dress
cantil nature in manual yes or no
yes we can cookie dough or cake batter
when I'm presentable a dilemma you
should have picked the one that provides
me with less chance of grabbing Sam
Allah so that would be good ido rolling
stone to the beatles the beatles what's
the name of the song in the perfection
video gets called past 16 and it's by
the union if you go to myspace.com /
listen to the union any book
recommendations yes no dedicate a whole
video do them at some point but
currently i'm reading truck / lenox
you're in fiction and it's fantastic and
you should get a copy only to yourself
great what country would you most not
want to visit can't quite remember the
name of the country but it's basically
this tiny island which is entirely
volcano which is kind of exploding
everywhere at the moment what's your
favorite word in the English language to
whisper efficacious on whether John's
leg hair has grown back yet I'd be
pretty damn jealous if I hadn't her name
a one word oxymoron oxymoron do you make
this plastic bracelets nope I've had
them since I was about five what do you
use to make your videos imovie HD in the
isight camera that's built into my
laptop what's your favorite mathematical
constant tumbleweed Alaska or Lindsey
who the f is Hank Hank is the name of a
character in the book atlas shrugged and
he invents a metal called Rearden metal
and it's a stronger than steel which is
something that scientists actually
haven't managed to do yet when an ad
vitac attempt of water does the
nerdfighter get wet or does the water
get awesome not only does the water get
awesome daughters it evaporates into
this kind of water vapor existence and
it floats around everywhere and like
around the whole world and everyone
feels a little bit of that now fighters
awesome just kind of spreading the love
into these people's dark and sad enough
idealist lives would you ever want to
take your trip to Nepal yes do you like
cheese the main ingredient in paninis
quesadillas and pizza so does what's
your favorite Shakespearean insults one
word buttock what's your favorite to a
decimal number anything in the 800 and
what the German hang should ever throw a
nerd fighters convention to quote you
know hells yeah this is the last
question you answer nope how are you
finding that
thank goodness it's only a week to go
don't you think you're perfection videos
a little bit ironic series you're less
than a beast I wanted to clear this up
because i think it's just that any
people who are of a certain weight range
have problems with their weight or as I
think I don't know speaking from life
itself so far he's bringing new girl
school pretty much any weight and shape
and size has problems with their way at
some point in time forget Lindsay no in
the public eye all the time being too
skinny kind of affects everyone so
everyone has the right to speak out
about it I think I journey that was just
my view astalavista
