hello everyone this is my mum's flat
that I'm running from saw her amazing
piano music here and her piano right
here as well but I grew up playing
although not that well but so yesterday
me and my mom went to see in the heights
we were given comp tickets and access to
an interview with Amy Atkinson you've
raised Daniela and was an absolute joy
to speak to you about the changes
happening in cities around the world and
also about the waves communities are
responding to that she spoke to me about
her experience in the theater and with
this play in particular I so enjoyed our
conversation I tried to include as much
as possible of it in what will follow
this right now excuse the train that
you'll hear in the background the
railway children which was on while we
were filming this interview has a train
that goes in and out the theater and
it's absolutely amazing but it does mean
that sometimes you have trades in the
background of your video as someone
who's listening to that soundtrack for a
while and absolutely loving it I was
really special to me to see it and feel
the energy of it the dancers were
brilliant the way that the stage was set
up was like there are two audiences and
stage was in the middle very much like
train train style it felt like such a
wonderful production it was very vibrant
but it also was so rich with that
language and just these things that were
very familiar to me and it weren't
anything that I'd seen on stage already
and in much of what I read and watch I
didn't know there were just things that
felt like things that my mum and my
family had said to me or that I just
just spin around in my world as to
having that texture of this familiar
culture to me included in that play was
wonderful it was just it felt very very
special but in also was telling the
story of of this community washer
delights which has its own particularity
is in its own little world really was a
musical about community feel like
Daniella salon is such a great
representation of storytelling and
storytelling comes through really strong
in this musical the power of
storytelling the people who hold the
archives of your community and the
desire to not let that community and
storytelling fall away there's a
wonderful moment musical that I really
love it's quite small but it's a moment
where it's indicated
even though this community is now very
dr and puerto rican your and mexican and
just huge latin american community it
was previously an Irish community and so
that kind of circle of immigrant life
moving in and out I think is sort of
wonderful to see represented in here
even though it does feel very particular
to that community right then and there
so I loved it and here is my interview
with Amy all the secrets yeah this is
cute i'm here today with amy atkinson
I'm who's in and height as daniela who
owns the salon yeah psycho Holocaust it
yeah could you introduce yourself a
little bit I'm Amy Atkinson yeah I
played any other in the heights sorry I
saw you stubborn I introduction every
function uni I do is nice Jewish it's
for a different whereabouts in space you
know what I have no idea somewhere
somewhere in vain it was an interest in
audition process because when the show
came to London emission means yeah Beck
yeah which was cut a long time ago now
isn't it I was so excited yeah please I
need to order and I couldn't
actually get an audition I'm so sad
subset this time around I just got call
out the blue so you join a club in an
audition and I obviously jumped at the
chance yes so happy and Daniela is just
such a wonderful part so yeah it was
very excited yeah and what's it like
being playing the character of like the
got the ska subside the place like kind
of all of the information is exchanged I
love it yeah I love it it's the best
part cuz usually actually I play sort of
more demure character yet more so the
nenas all the Vanessa's yeah so for me
this is just to like it's the meaning I
cannot tell you it's an absolute dream
I'm loving it what's happening in
Washington Heights or at least
definitely what was happening then my
things so happy feels a lot like what's
happening and
lots of communities getting pushed out
yeah it's better than nothing to the
time the room now yeah and she said it's
always been better been but it's nice
it's actually coming too yeah I can you
know put a spotlight on what's actually
happening quite big all caps question
with financial independence message how
important TV is for Daniela's character
that she liked owns a salon and she has
this earth hisvet him Thank You Alton
yeah I think that's kind of what she's
about maybe not you know world
domination or money I think for her
she's an independent woman it's actually
kind of a big deal that she has her own
business I always adapt you know
personally me playing it i'm obviously
younger than maybe the courier is
supposed to be so I've kind of taken it
upon myself I have my own business in
life very much so it's kind of nice i
can embody that india and ariella but
yeah I think that's her personality
that's her so I loses it she's losing
you know a part of herself really that's
the point you know you see I sort of
shift a bit and break down the tithe
little bit mm-hmm really exterior this
all just just English it see my channels
yeah that's it low and comedy yes when
she like that's that was here we go yeah
I got a treesome open in slow-mo they
don't ya okay I always thought that it
was an incredible skill to let go what
that one nigger been in After Effects
fish but it's like my lesson inside yeah
and for that I innovation clinic and
Yammer oh yeah it's an interesting type
of the community and the shops that the
character don't or I'd like in frequent
as well a kind of their owners going
away or they've been bought we learning
the openings on that Ortegas was bought
how does that change a community what
does that do and I think I can probably
all relate to that I don't know if you
know on my local street force it you
know for an example we don't really have
any sort of independent shops anymore
they ain't going out of business and
we'll get the chains coming in we've got
you know I shouldn't name names but you
know so chain exchange why I think we
need more independent places yes that's
you know the heart and soul of a vaca me
thing is people's businesses so yeah I
think it's it takes the the culture the
family away from the sizing I was
thinking today actually I live in a big
tall building you know lots of people
live there yeah I don't know one single
person that I is in that one yeah baby
that's so true they are we growing up in
you everyone I need the guys camera
shutter II and yes Jerry passed the
crazy person who this is number five min
know these things to you as well yeah
you were always seeing them out about
and you I know but it looks really
shifted other than my United the high
street coming in but yeah I'm able to
scares I think I'm scared people that's
good yeah people and look at people
being pushed out it's been familiar as
well yeah it's a it's an interesting
time to change them I feel like a lot of
communities can see that whether it's in
London or what tonight's all yeah I tiny
communities as well and yeah oh I don't
like put on a sad night yeah but what's
your favorite moment affair of the
musical well I think it's Benny's
dispatched as we right in the beginning
yeah he sort of gets to have the
microphone he's really excited yeah I
just I don't know why I love it so much
just every night and like yeah there's a
batch where are they watching from when
the half and see you on the side i'm on
the side yeah I have a little little
nose around the car yeah yeah I love it
I don't know why just something it's
brilliant yeah yeah so you mentioned
that you have a your grandmother was
furnished Jewish yeah and do you feel
like there's been a lack of roles of
like latina Spanish characters in the
British stage especially but kind of
worldwide as well oh yeah dude yeah of
course I mean what's her story yeah yeah
yeah and yeah I think it's difficult
yeah I think it's specially difficult
year for Latinos because yeah they're
not there no
not pretty many rolls out there so you
kind of struggle a bit i struggle
because you know i'm not white latina
I'm sort of in the middle so I mean
they're not ethnic enough or too ethnic
for something so it's is it can be hard
and it plays into that work internal
another thing of oh yeah yeah see it
done is it is a thing I think about a
lot because you know it gets put in
front of us about with auditioning com
stands where am i from Who am I what's
what is my casting yeah it's difficult
really but you know this is great as
well as actually went something like
this comes along and ye yeah so you just
got an album out and it's a of is it
your favorite social musicals there's
some musical is in there and there's a
lot of 60 stuff because it I've done a
lot of sixties musicals and r6 well the
name is very 60s over once it was the
album name it's good step inside luv
Sinha blasts ooh I love said that she's
amazing I don't need right but I just I
think my land use citizen terror or not
and my date was on what we were growing
up as well miss at least I find it is
such a hallmark of my Yogi's yes exactly
so yeah I love the 60s I thought I
really want you to put some ins yeah why
not it's my album I'm gonna do it so and
we go back to this particular production
it's not in your standard theatre well
yeah as you seen today yeah I mean
walking here we want to all the behind
the scenes and but and you passed like a
railway track um I don't really know how
to explain this it's basically the
campus before Google builds its
buildings behind Kings Cross yeah on a
track on a track but it's it's that it
looks great but it's also very like I
don't know that gets very temporary
structure in lot of ways it is and yet
when you're in the theater yeah it
doesn't feel that way yeah I think you
only notice it when you come behind the
scenes you think oh yeah yeah lorina you
know we're on a track yeah in Kings
Cross does that change the way your
performance do you fit like is there
something different about this kind of
environment to performing in it's like a
you know and I London that's all those
haters don't like to religious older at
least or something ready does only is
just stage th the stage is the street
yeah no it doesn't actually I think
what's great about this is you know
railway children are on right now yeah
so we see them coming in and out it
feels like a harp I think what we're
talking earlier about London place is
changing its called that they're using
these places that are gonna become quite
corporate yeah and doing interesting
things there and like committing to the
arts which is nice definitely it's
really nice SEO need more of that really
otherwise it's just going to become a
town a city of officers yeah you got to
take it back yeah think about I'm at
least some artists went up regarding
I've got up people who watch my videos
in love theater and love the arts and
what kind of get started in that world
would you have any advice for them like
how do you get started and theatre
especially but and then also as a woman
of color like is other any different
challenges different ways you've guy
went a very strange route mmm to where I
am now because I I didn't train you're
such a dick go to school yeah my dad was
in a rock band ode so I used to sing
with him a lot when I was a kid and
Korea so I learnt how to sing and and
for me it just sort of all kind of
happened that way but he's saying that
yeah I I mean you have to train against
some which way whether it's going to
private singing lessons or private dance
classes yeah all you guys and do like a
three year to year one year call us yeah
I think that's the best way just as
intensive yeah I do I that's one of I
would say regret because I don't regret
many things but I wish I'd done it for
awful lots of things and you know you
meet people there yeah you have a big
community yeah and I think that really
helps in this industry to have people
supporting you yeah or as I the sort of
like solo hey it's me oh yeah have you
found that now through the place even in
with the other the other things you've
been doing you've kind of got that
community oh yeah yeah yeah i mean it is
it sounds really sort of silly but it is
a big family yeah everyone knows
everyone and everyone's so supportive
and
yeah it's a wonderful wonderful life
going to be a part of its great message
for Christmas yeah the America ever
takes it to the time to try and I'm
excited to see you tonight yeah I which
in turn is okay oh it's gonna be great
in yet i put my mom to my mom and as a
lot of you guys there is mexican so
she's particularly excited to come and
see it something i think a leg i can't
say good luck no break away okay let's
just over here thank you lights up from
Washington Heights up with the break a
day I wake up and I got this little punk
I gotta chase the way pop the great took
the cracker gon sing while I wipe down
myon & hey y'all the morning
