yeah I realize haven't been updating
little while so here I am first to show
you some cool things that arrived in the
pool have not and best thing about these
if you don't mind me showing them off is
for example look at what this lie says
stalls ropey stools roby that means i
will be to know even one row way from
david n if I wanted to I could jump over
the people in front and like I'm helping
people in front don't turn up because
I'm I can steal their seats now be in
the front row um that would be really
cool yeah so these things be put in a
safe place what else I've been in quite
a and the attendant mood room and I
think this is going to be on this radio
for show at chain reaction and the BBC
tickets website allows you to work like
book tickets for that is so hopefully i
plied them you know for me hopefully i
have you find out to mix before the
performance performance the event
minimum and the events or knocked over
20 fast so fingers crossed I've been
watching a lot of them the complete
second series of drop for you which is
necessary whatever like people say I
know there are some my fans out there
but as I'm a big big fan and of course
that dr. Bonner on us i also have been
obsessively buying horrible two stickers
at she ended up hiring the box which a
lot of people time we use waste of money
but don't really think of it personally
I think we just jealous cuz that sticker
book isn't this field of mine i'm going
to show you
how incredibly full my second case
that's a very good example page but some
pages always done I do quite realize I
have no life and Jen to this repeated
Stricker cutting down but I get it like
we used to get little wonky in that
place look this is one we get two halves
I like actually tuesday cuz there and
they fit together and it fits perfectly
looks like one picture and such a geek
yeah he had school fridge is down last
week I think it went better than normal
but I haven't seen them yet I've
anything when we have I like bunch they
have a little lunch card and they swipe
it and the picture becomes up so that
they make sure that you're not like
stealing anyone else's lunch card and I
snook snook snick sneak to be I don't
know my english is failed me I sneaked
be mine and look to right but any cuz it
was from afar and he sounds like I
didn't think I was half smiling my 10
photo was like this and then I didn't
have one here loving and yeah you 12 is
where i am at the moment speaking of
which he√≠s giving how do I show this
without revealing my school no it's not
gonna work right evening is that when
you miss is it through and hear about
how craps you aren't comparable your
friends to for the poor stratus does and
yeah we're very happy with your results
they'd feel about that smooth there it's
quite saddened some white because we
want a book that prize giving you go up
you all go up and you shake the famous
person's hand and they give you a book
and if you've gotten all the way start
and you're up love achievement which is
that thing that I just have showed you
and yeah I didn't get a book because I
did get all waste out or get like top
five mark and country
or some random subject but oh well
there's always a novel of any level
speaking of which I have got three
essays to write and a presentation and
like a Spanish or presentation thing
which was like my real thing that i will
be doing that's quite scary I like
school for scandal which of the book was
that a you English literature the play
rather biome or B Sheridan it's quite
funny on Cold Mountain which I don't
like but there we go we'll have to live
with it other Pacific meeting i got from
oh that quite well ago i got this book
which i adored and like just me to tears
I've finished this book which katie sent
me time travelers what I've read it now
also would use me to did I like books
and which movie I kind of feel like a
book is supposed to affect you because
that's one thing one reason why I wanted
to be a writer is because if I could
make one person out of 6.6 6.45 a
billion people in the world think
slightly differently or like hopefully
inspire them in any way then my life
would have been a success pierre through
writing i would like to do that too
that's one reason why I should be a
writer of course I didn't think this at
seven years old but I've grown to think
it now and I sadly was really looking
forward to reading this did read it was
quite impressed actually have to say
elsewhere and Gabrielle's Evans previous
book is like one of my favorite books
ever and but my laws of Shaitan there
was too much graphic risk letting to be
honest I'm really squeamish like I
didn't like to leavin look at the other
side of my wrists it's like huh um did
you know like it was good book but it
wasn't anywhere near is like incredible
like elsewhere was incredible that
wasn't
anyway um I must go now because I have
to start an essay on Act two scene two
of the school for scandal and it has to
be like two to three sides minimum and
it's chewing on Tuesday and I'm working
saturday and working sunday and I won't
but you want to do rush today so I'm
gonna hate you that that doesn't sound
like fun
post post post post script why watch
fast some good series to hit yarns and I
loved it it was fantastic i love here
here is it's fantastic
a meeting
