best part of 2016 was adopting this baby
Raisa my best thing for 2016 will
definitely be starting university I
studied engineering and maths which is
something I'm really passionate about
and I'm really grateful to have that
opportunity to pursue my passion aside
from p3 AFC Wimbledon getting promoted
and Lee Lester winning my favorite thing
about this year was done with my family
to someone like you this year was an
epic year of concerts for me iron maiden
in February Duran Duran in April in New
York City saw lindsey stirling and Black
Sabbath within a week of each other hi
I'm Sarah and the best thing about this
otherwise dreary year for me was getting
to go to lollapalooza for the very first
time and getting to see a lot of my
favorite bands like a wonder and best
deal and lapsley mutemath just a whole
bunch and getting to dance and Jim Brown
with my friends all day in Chicago
listening to some really awesome music I
not only got an incredible job at
Microsoft as a community manager um i
also got engaged to my best friend so it
was a pretty great year i got into my
dream college / University I graduated
high school and have moved to a new city
to start a new life in a new place and I
got to meet my hero join and newsom
after seeing her lives about a house
about a house about a house so the best
thing that happened to me is I got into
college and the best thing that happened
to me is I'm going to go super one on
Friday my list of good things begins and
ends with the stalls I joined the staff
was fundamentally co never said my books
nevin join them at go people and went to
Cindy I were to run the marathon with
really of something when you could have
the miserable i joined the ICT week has
been fantastic i participated in be
there with the bleep are collected I
John toasty slap and helping super fun
and finite I so Rob what the best part
has been these mountains and learning
that salt water can freeze I'm so
excited to be back home like I just okay
this is my this is my last show this
fall this is my 54th show in the last
three months an incomplete list of the
good things in my life in 2016 well i'm
here i'm driving in a first world
country that i'm lucky to live in i have
access to clean water and shelter and
health care and i have witnessed other
people who are privileged like me help
those who are less fortunate we've
helped people find water and shelter and
I'm very happy to be living in a world
where we spread love instead of hate
hello my name is arianna Burrell 2016
was one of my best years emotionally and
professionally I wrote and directed my
first play and had a really good
response to it and I had several
personal essays published online the
best thing that happened to me in 2016
is that I got counseling for my anxiety
and I have a lot less bad days and I
have a lot more good days this was the
years I started a podcast about mental
health and its really cathartic to make
and I love doing it it connects me to my
friends and it connects me to myself and
it helps people I feel really proud of
that I feel proud of myself the best
thing that happened to me in 2016 was
that i finally got to go to London and I
got to see the harry potter play it was
so great i think the best part of 2016
for me was being accepted university
which it's also fun right now because
i'm in the middle of finals week but i
also only have seven more semesters to
go until i'm a teacher some bright
moments of 2016 include a week in Utah
and springtime desert days going back to
London for thesis research a summer haze
of work and interning and summer camp
forever and a week in Montana full of
mountains and sister adventures my
favorite moment decia was when i was
snuggling with my mom and the melodies
and amongst all the fishery life shacks
and buy it was truly amazing it was most
magical holiday out there and paradise
and all the things i only heard about
and suddenly seeing them and a shark was
amongst one of them
this one of the things on my bucket list
and I was amazing highlight of my 2016
was getting to go to New York City for
the first time and getting to see
Hamilton and fiddler on the roof and fun
home and getting to be surrounded by a
community that I'd only ever read about
and that I loved being a part of it was
the highlight of my hair my name is
Jenna and the best thing that happened
to me in 2016 is that I got to see the
original Broadway cast of Hamilton live
in New York City and I met lin-manuel
Miranda can we just on clear days you
can see the Syrian border from our
window so it's hard to focus on the good
sometimes but let's focus yes it was a
good year after having moved to another
continent my favorite moment happened
when I picked up two of my friends from
the airport and looked all around me and
thought oh they can just visit me
2016 was wonderful for me because I got
to go to this beautiful place you can
barely even tell that that's a clay
shirt right there it just looks like sky
hi I'm Matara the best thing that's
happened to me in 2016 has been moving
into my first apartment after graduating
college and meeting tons of new people
and learning what it's like to live on
my own and feel kind of independent and
kind of like an adult they took a
month-long transit road trip from where
i live in victoria bc all the way down
to VidCon so I took the entire month of
June to get there and back which was a
lot of fun and many adventures so I just
moved into one of the four places that
I've left this year I was sitting on the
bed and I finished reading a little life
which is the best book I've read this
year and I closed it and I thought it
this is the kind of book that's gonna
stay with me forever so my favorite
thing from this year was a trip I took
to Florida from Indianapolis we drove my
husband are almost to your little girl
his parents they hadn't been to the
ocean in about 20 years and our daughter
just played in the sand and dug for
shells with her Mamaw and papaw we saw
dolphins and went to museums and laid in
the sun and it was the best i have three
best things that happened to me in 2016
I got to see cursed child me and my
sister painted my bedroom wall to that
like the night sky and I got this
chapter greatest thing to happen in my
world in 2016 was the Cubs winning the
World Series it was such an awesome time
to be alive to be a Chicagoan and to be
a sports fan and so many things that
will make me smile forever and ever and
ever the best thing that happened to me
in 2016 was to be acknowledged in a book
that I hell twist during my intention
but one of my favorite memories from
2016 was right rich and rainy concert
with my best friend where they had to
play our favorite song not by that van
right before the concert and just
dancing the whole night away in the
pouring rain
16 they recovered from my two year long
crank illness and now I'm in university
so it's not about these as all the
traveling I got to do the beautiful
place that I got to see and the amazing
people that I got to meet and it showed
me that the security network of people
are built around herself the last couple
of years also works when I move 2,000
miles abroad oh and Hamilton of course
this thing that happened to me in 2016
was being diagnosed with Asperger's
best thing that happened to me in 2016
was that I took a trip to the east coast
of the United States and while I was
there I saw Hamilton
