hopefully the audio will work on this
one and since I'm holding up my
microphone to my mouth and yeah it's not
been working in the past few times we
just adds to my really foul mood and why
are we in a foul mood well let me tell
you well tough luck if you're in here um
thursday basically woke up and it's
snowing and it's fantastic and i jump
outside and until about nine in the
morning which is when I non-iron morning
gorgeous night morning which is when
pirate study starts I pense know about
my friends the day is really good except
that the school isn't closed and we
don't get to go home but that's not
really that important at all until the
evening when its parents consultation
evening which is when you go with your
parents and you have to talk to your
subject teachers about how they think
you're doing how you think you're doing
how that you did in your exams that kind
of stuff and and it was all fine it was
ok really well into my very last
appointment which was maths I see let me
just explicitly rap maths maths has
never been my strong point because I
didn't see
how it's gonna be useful as my life the
stuff I do see this in measles my life
stuff like gargling presenta jizz I'm
always at that and actually what else am
probability multiplication we did quite
get out around much about algebra jaw
but apart from that I really just don't
see any point in subjects or did it's
like my mind doesn't want to work it but
so it was like I have a force working
it's me on my mind that just doesn't
want me to be good at maths and which is
why when I worked really hard and end up
was an A and which is like the only
markup avenues and a star and in my
maths mock exam I was really happy but
then I go along to this parents evening
or I told it no it's not good enough I
should have got an a star and I was just
furious and I still am but I'm in the
virus and then kind of I need to rage it
something and I don't know what i wanna
do if that doesn't recording all the
Umbrian throws something at my poor
computer um yeah it's have enough to
tell me why didn't buy the predator
clips i'm sorry i'm not going paid 12
pounds but for things like hover ringing
forest of trees just waste of paper it's
just a waste of my time because i know
however much I practice okay i can get
ninety percent practice under x
condition but whens are going to be
glances a quality about exams that makes
me do worse and you know because it's
just so nervous so so cross
but your mind result in which day I'll
be getting ready for Equus going up to
London and on Thursday evening don't see
treats Billie Piper so that kind of
columns me and also the pictures of them
Neville from the older the Phoenix with
his memberlist men will tell you it's
funny he's like Matt Lewis is the only
one who can pull some prints like that
the such programs like look just that
fringe little achy knees and calm and
you can find it which is funny I was
laughing about it I'm still cost secure
us along a voice look cupcake edible
ball bearing to love you if you get that
reference and yeah I'm babysitting
tonight because Saturday night is always
a raid with me and that's about it so I
don't want to rage too much longer and
let's just hope that the audio works
shall we all right and also the finishes
whoo so my everlasting hope that I never
have to record two minutes of my sister
talking randomly again
