alright so I change the volume of input
on my microphone and hopefully this will
actually work now which hasn't been
doing for a while but either way itself
to hold webcam because going to fall off
and that will look very attractive at
all so I probably deletes it the other
like seven videos that I've tried record
on this quick capture think what you
know saves a lot of effort but it's
really not that fantastic um but yeah
new harry potter title I'm sorry it
seemed to take that to hold of a phantom
by storm will that have like really
weird feelings about like like Amazon
people like how did how did they don't
like to do the pre-orders today a
typical for something and or did they
just assume that because Jake of rotting
in Britain and like a diary entry on her
website right now I didn't know what it
was but I'm really worried now because
they keeps going on about like a
februari release and she she hasn't even
finished writing yet in February even
actually most amazing month because I'm
going to go see the killers but on top
of that then I after opening night I'm
gonna go see air quests with Daniel
Radcliffe and richard griffiths there's
gonna be like the most amazing like ever
and actually have an exam soon and very
which is can be nice and yeah but
temporary though I just kind of calmed
myself on october release but i really
want like a December 31st release
because but if not Angie doesn't it
because it's the last one guys the last
one do you really want it's kind of I
don't know I feel if it'd kind of be
brushed as if like they get it out now
and the arrows any also to be able to
really be really really happy referred
came up so you remember it higher button
deathly how is as the title of this
video suggests the first thing that came
to my mind was an ethyl hello of the
worst which words yeah I don't know how
many of you read them or obviously cool
not to read them but there are these
books about this like
it's called the worst witch and that's
really bad witch call dad Mulder Hubble
Deep like kept doing really bad things
of course in the end she say the day as
first witches and wizards in books do it
was like for shattering my later
obsession which is spanned nearly a
decade now and be happy like feet not
enemy that you know the girl that you
never like in school but that the full
rich Mildred to her enemy was an this
girl called swallow and when it first
revealed that the title of the new harry
potter book was going to be Harry bottom
deathly hallows like deathly hallows
Ethel Holly deathly hallows allow as I
was like yeah I was quite nice for
update they're so pretty particularly
funny but I'm yes well strictly come
dancing final tonight I am very excited
although it seems of the moment that I
may not actually be able to see it live
because I'm my mom wants me to go to
like some friend of hers den I think
which I really can be less interested in
to be honest but whatever I might have
to go do that and and one day actually
come a large mm when I'm saying with 120
days but christmas special looked her
runaway bride and Catherine T david
tennant David Tennant I'm dump Sarah
parish as a scary spider and yeah so as
I'm actually so excited
and my age be more excited about
Christmas in general and stuff but I
like it's all about and super special it
has really bad but learning care of me
and also is it from dancing christmas
special to have the final today and
heard a special on Monday Christmas
television and his amazing and they show
you how important the Philosopher's
Stone as well of course I'm white
building and yeah I'm so excited I
didn't care that we have 20 my gym do
care but you know about for the next
series of Doctor Who oh my god and I was
what TM sword in the stone with my
sister and my mom yesterday was so much
fun and I waited actually how much I
like also reunited like a Fred like
Ethel and I by metallica Kate fine she
writes in a trash try to like teen
literature but I really enjoyed it's
really bad for Yahoo you know once is
that it english literature surely i
should comics cowell them mistral
explode on how it was reading because
hybrid is fantastic as you can see but
the top online launch you may because my
name is Nicholas so rightly yes
I don't know after dinner I suppose
we'll have to see whether the audio
works which I think it looks like edgy
apps and if so you may be get videos
later goodbye it all look like alkanes
and hydrocarbons do they look fantastic
this is what I'm going back to this is
what you're leaving me too so please
leave elements like I don't even cancer
a beat because I'm so so bored of
hydrocarbons
