hello friends it is past midnight so
it's not really vlogmas day 17th but
let's just continue to call it that
anyway um I have been thinking a lot
about resolutions today as I mostly come
up with ideas about what I want my
resolutions to be I think I said
elsewhere that I set kind of goals
throughout the year and it's not really
necessarily my biggest goal set in time
but it's something that we're thinking
about and part of that is because kind
of connected to that video made about
being an overachiever one of the things
that's nice about a new year is that you
feel that gets sort of resetting the
clock and giving yourself another chance
at achieving dizzy weren't able to
achieve in the previous year on the
other hand it can feel like added
pressure and it can also feel like
you're running against something
especially if you kind of quantify that
in terms of like birthdays and you know
like I had all these ambitions when I
was little and didn't really understand
age in not that I necessary ghost and
age now but you know I had all these
ambitions of like war i will yet book
published by the time in 14 and so on
resolutions in their most positive
incarnation can be little reminders to
yourself about where your intentions and
values are and where your principles are
and also like the possibility of what
you're doing it helps you to zoom out
for a second and not necessarily just
take things day by day but zoom out even
further than that and see how you're
here is coming together and all the bits
and pieces that you can achieve to get
yourself in a position you want to be
your helper you want to help or just be
the kind of person that you want to be
be can be useful but it also can be a
lot of pressure so it's just balancing
the two for me personally something that
I've been taking a lot about for the new
year is being like cynical and being
more generous with my attitude and
generous my attitude towards people
because I think that in light of the
political climate and in light of
everything else is going on there will
be enough cynicism everywhere and I
mean you know not being critical not
being critical reader not being a
critical thinker I just mean that kind
of cynicism that doesn't add in the
thing and doesn't help anyone I'm not
painting with a broad brush here I
talking about me personally my cynicism
doesn't help people my cynicism when it
comes out is kind of mean and cruel in
ways and I think that that is something
that is definitely exacerbated by
getting sucked in I getting reactive
rather than proactive and up-to-date and
I'm thinking about things in a way
that's helpful when i get reactive i
become cynical and mean and sometimes
nasty so that's something I've been
thinking a lot about like choosing
kindness and generosity but also the
proactive approach rather than the
reactive one I asked you guys tonight
about dating resolutions because I've
been thinking about just setting little
fun things like note low pressure things
what fun things to do like going to
dates a month or something and just like
as an activity as a pastime but I've
been asking because it's really
interesting to see how people's
resolutions shift when they take someone
else into account and that and also how
you frame that it was like always
reading a bunch of BuzzFeed personality
test results for all of you in a way I
didn't feel like I could see into your
solo and everything about your anything
it just it was like a little indicator
of something about you which was really
interesting to me to see and saw where
you run out in your lives and what
you're struggling with and what you're
more confident about and that's
obviously just one aspect and it was
great to hear from asexual aromantic
people about how that has affected their
lives and their goals for the next year
and so on I don't know why the
specificity itself came up but I just
thought was a fun fun prom take you to
everyone also use that invest on videos
really excited to edit that and put that
up sometime the next few days so I'm
wondering also whether may wish to do
one about resolutions where you will
send in one resolution
to let me know if you'd like to do that
in comments I still like to edit my
Hamilton a race video so maybe I'll try
to do that this weekend who knows I'm
sitting in front of a Christmas present
for people that I care a lot about and
but I'm just like watching it and hoping
that it's going to turn out the way I'd
like it to turn out I think sometimes I
feel invasive when I ask people what
their resolutions are because it's such
a personal question and it sounds a lot
about about what you are not happy with
yourself about the idea of sitting on it
all for a moment and thinking and and
choosing what you need to prioritize it
all comes down to organization and
stretch it again you're looking back at
the places where you don't feel like you
did enough before or like in the past
you don't feel like you incorporated
something into your life enough and then
it's looking forward in the sense that
it's looking at what you like to be what
you'd like to become so it's this kind
of definition of who you've been and
then this definition of who you want to
be or you consider yourself to be inside
and then haven't realized yet and that's
what's kind of exciting to me about it I
leave for London on Tuesday and I have
to clean my flat tomorrow to get ready
and finish packing and wash my clothes
and go to brunch and oh my goodness do
many many other things but I definitely
had a bit of a self-care day and sat in
bed and read Harry Potter for a couple
of hours and I have her mask on right
now which is why it may look a bit
greasy I didn't really know and I have
oil rose it boil all over my face my
number one lifesaver pie skincare
rosehip oil so good yeah I didn't know I
just feel like there's a lot to do and
there's also a lot of things I've been
slacking on like you know calling family
my mom you told me she was like okay so
I'm just going to address all of these
things that you covered in your videos
the past like week or so I miss just
being in the company of many of my best
friends because such great people like
I'm so fortunate to have these friends
all around the world who are such
genuinely wonderful people and who are
so engaged and alert
creative and thoughtful so it's always
nice to check in with them and like all
the things I'm most looking forward to
are the most basic just like going to
the cinema and going for lunch and
hanging out and dressing up and getting
ready and having them help me call the
back of my hair that's those are things
that I'm excited about so it's going to
be great and I'm going to go and see the
cursed child again which I'm really
really excited about and very very lucky
to have been able to take over someones
tickets he wasn't able to make it out
the UK for it and so I'm really excited
for that and working on a project relax
just going to be very exciting and then
I'm just going to film so many videos so
let me know in comments as well if
there's anyone you like me to film with
over the Christmas holidays and any
specific subject topics you'd like me to
talk about because we are definitely
going to be forming some collabs in
London and by we I mean the wild before
are we over here on that note it's half
past midnight and i'm exhausted so i'm
going to go and um yeah see you soon all
right right
