people clap I but sound and where to set
but what the protocol some was today it
finished today it went so well it went
so a genuine like I know that this is
kind of cliche to say what it went so
much better than my wildest dreams I can
never have imagined that we would have
raised over two million dollars had you
asked me the other day I had uh-huh no
not going to happen but it happened you
raised so much money it was so good it
was so much fun it was so easy I got the
rest I'm exhausted right now but I've
been running on this adrenaline
afterwards and getting so much done I
flat so clean right now its just oh it
was amazing it was amazing and it left
me with this feeling again of being
proactive and doing something and be
able to have conversations that are
difficult without them being
conversations that turned into ad
hominem attacks and just disgusting
horrible things being thrown to each
other and everyone ending out feeling
like they either side of the massive
crack that's the end of indiana jones
and the last crusade you know which one
I mean when then being for so I don't
want to spoil it for anyone but you know
what I mean anyway I feel a bit more
like the bit way to the leap of faith
but that's why I feel like I feel like
I've just done that and I hit something
and it feels great and you're looking at
something from a different perspective
you're seeing a bridge that you didn't
see before have I mentioned that i'm
really tired but i wanted to make this
video right now because i want to
remember this feeling I definitely do
think I'll ever forget the feeling when
it started to seem like we were crossing
two million because I feel like number i
really like numbers very much they
confuse me and stress me out as anyone
who watch the live stream will know and
so we try to read it out large numbers
and i have a lot of personal shame
associated with maths and wherever it's
fine but I feel like numbers have been
against me I feel like there's something
bit that's been particularly painful
about big numbers this year especially
like with results kinds of numbers like
there's just something about it it's
just that very sinister and so just see
this big beautiful brilliant number full
of people coming together to give what
they can and contribute their time
as well like a number of people whose
names i saw a gain in the gain of chat
and just sharing sharing videos and
watching things and i don't know i love
it i love the protocol awesome it makes
me feel full of love and full of
possibility i suppose and the best of
the internet things didn't happen
overnight making these conversations
happen it takes time and that's also
kind of what I wanted to look like today
because sometimes I feel very frustrated
with myself on I don't feel like my
actions are living up to my values to be
honest the two biggest causes of that
for me right now are the amount plane
trouble that I do and shopping
unsustainably shopping unethically I'm
not big shopper I've been had a huge
focus on reducing my wardrobe over the
last couple of years which has been very
helpful and just reducing my things
which is again very privileged position
to be in but I have found that that has
taken away Lee that sort of urgent need
sort of feeling I can walk around target
and not need to buy anything because I
let that feeling go through me and then
I let the go away and I just don't know
if I need attached to things that on a
rational level I know I don't need and
that might sound like an obvious thing
to say but I ask someone who definitely
went through periods of shopping really
impulsively and shopping when I felt
very depressed in this point I really
didn't like my body and impulsively buy
something that's changed and I think
that that for me has been a move towards
sustainable living in general but I
still the bulk of my wardrobe is Topshop
and i worked at topman like i know some
of the behind the scenes but most of it
you don't know because it's conveniently
out of focus so that you don't have to
think about it and you can like feel
great and like put together a nice and
like the best part of the world to give
whatever speech you're giving but you're
wearing clothes that were made by people
who are in conditions that we should
consider slavery if we if we don't
already sometimes we have conversations
about issues like that I think we allow
enough space or Aaron
a difference between saying that
situation is wrong and that's something
that we should fix and saying that a
person is wrong in that situation
because I think that puts people
inclined to be like well this this
situation has me dealing with all the
skill and shame that I don't want to
deal with I'm gonna go this way and come
up with a narrative that's contrary to
this so that I don't have to look at
this thing over here my thinking is
maybe it's a sort comparison between
being forgiving to yourself and kind
yourself when you make mistakes you
don't get everything perfectly right all
the time but then also not letting that
not have you make an effort you know and
not have you think about your line of
thinking and have conversations with
people and read more and include more
people in those conversations especially
people who are in situations of forced
labor and don't have access a lot of the
time to the platforms that we have to
talk over these things but it's one
thing to say over here and talk about it
but it's kind of like we're in a very
nice oak panelled dining room and we've
closed the door and people can't even
get inside the building let alone get
inside the room while we're having this
conversation so these are some things
I'm thinking about but I want to be able
to talk about them with a kind of
generosity and a kind of good
spiritedness that we talk about things
during the project for awesome and I do
think that that kind of approach which I
am slowly learning has been more long
lasting for me personally like for
example when I tried to be vegan
immediately very quickly it was very bad
for my mental health and it was very bad
for a lot of other things particularly
the guilt and shame side of things but
now I eat probably less dairy etc that I
ever have in my entire life that's
something to think about at the moment
living more sustainably and the kind
the nuances of that as well that all the
little things that we surround ourselves
with like the rolling pin that I for a
little while ago the ladle that I have I
don't know the helmet for my bike those
are all things that I'd like to be
included in that conversation the little
ceramic that houses a candle I have and
I think that realizing how much stuff
there is and how much we let fade into
the background is just kind of extra
bits and pieces will be really helpful
and then I'm also trying to be really
mindful with my shopping where possible
but again that's like a cost thing comes
into that sometimes and I'm trying to
avoid anything that has single-use
plastic and then general use bulk bins
more and have a big-ass talk of things
in my ladder and in larger quantities
but that's process and it takes time and
it takes time to build up something that
you get into a habit of using so you
don't even think about it and it doesn't
become this huge big pain it takes time
to be in financial situation where you
feel comfortable enough to make those
decisions and it also takes time for you
to sit and recognize the patterns and
you're thinking but you might want to
change or try something different or
which may be inform the choices that you
make it you don't feel online with your
values and the things that you still
have to tackle because for me it's not
something that's over part of the reason
why there's so much topshop in my
wardrobe admittedly a lot of it is all
stuff that you see me wear 20,000 times
and is because topshop has sizing I feel
comfortable with and that I know and has
like fashion that it makes me feel
comfortable my body that it's these
things that I like in that feel like
expression rather than a lot of
fairtrade yes core brands that make
clothes in you know that don't fit
people with hips and he wants straight
narrow or just things that earth they
make things that very bland sometimes
and I just want a bit more going on
there I'm a Londoner at heart and
Mexican Londoner like I need color and
pattern to feel like I'm being myself so
it's things like that that that I'm
coming up against and tackling and I
just feel
it's moving a lot of little different
parts it's not a bright line it's not a
one-time decision either you constantly
make choices in your life and there are
times maybe when you make better choices
and times when you make wise choices but
I think that we could all learn to be a
bit more generous with the way we talk
to each other and it was very exciting
to me to see that's very generous II in
the project for awesome so thank you to
everyone who took part in it thank you
to everyone who summoned a bread demon
right now i'm going to edit this and go
straight to sleep I'll see you tomorrow
bye
