this lighting is perhaps a smidge
dramatic well they may be nice traumatic
as yesterday I'm having kind of a
afternoon it's just out of nowhere
part of it psychologically also because
my hard drive fails one if I have a
bunch of hijacks it's not like the
ultimate hard drive and usually I back
there more like one to each other burst
will have so much stuff on it and a lot
that was recent so I hadn't done that
yet and has like sentimental things and
has babies footage it has a couple of
weeks worth of backburner for this month
and some that I shot in October and
November it has just like a lot of
things in it clouds that done with sauna
that I was playing to you edit and
upload over this weekend why would you
project for awesome
it's way weed that much mightier this is
back but it's just one of those things
when your mind is already in a bit of
like a darker place you're like oh oh
why is everything against me and that's
called catastrophizing for those of you
ever knew even though I feel rubbish
right now I feel really rubbish are
knowing that I have so much to do over
the next couple days is also a bit
difficult right now because it just
feels a lot heavier than that otherwise
word which is a shame the way that I
immediately get through something like
this provide you like to get out of bed
which is not always a given I don't want
to understate that like there are days
when I just can't physically move
because moving the plc psychologically
painful it's been easier since I've been
a medication like that stuff hasn't
happened as much and I have it found
myself like a prisoner of mine in bed as
much and sometimes I'm there for like
comfort and coziness but mostly it's not
it's not like that anymore which is
really nice I don't want to understate
the impact that going back on medication
has had for me and all of the other
things that I do to manage my mental
health I try and write myself a little
checklist like a little to-do list I
think I've mentioned this in videos
before that like every single day
the way that when it was really bad that
I got myself through it was that I only
had to do four things to achieve success
that day - like accomplish something
that day and that was really blast water
make a meal go outside and I think it
was have a shower I think it was
thing but it happens like in the
evenings like this and I have stuff that
I actually 100% need to get done so I
can't not do it
and like I don't know and doing it well
I know help me feel a bit better that I
just created to-do list in the same kind
of way but I try to keep it simple and
clear and not complicated so what I'm
gonna do and I've been I guess I was
really freaking Korra's like minus five
degrees so I'm like bundle up really
really tight four minutes of layers go
outside get some food for dinner because
I haven't I have like some soup I don't
have enough people like I'm so hungry
get some food for dinner
and then come back and have a shower and
then once I've had a shower I'm going to
edit this video and then once it edited
this video I'm going to go through and
mark footage for my project for awesome
video tomorrow
and once I've done that I'm going to do
a couple of other things and then once
I've done that I'm going to watch an
episode of The West Wing which I haven't
watched actually since the elections so
big deal then I'm going to make myself a
cup of chamomile tea and I mean to read
rather than looking at a screen for a
bet
so just eight simple things for dating
my teenage daughter just say things that
will get me through to the morning
that's all it has to do it's just one of
those things that happens I have full
confidence that I will feel better from
this particular today in wine set in the
morning so I don't feel too worried
about it it's just unfortunate that it
has happened but that is okay
unfortunate things happen sometimes and
in the grand scheme of things having a
day like this isn't the end of the world
even though it sometimes feels like it
and it feels like you're back sliding
down I don't know something terrible
about to fall into something terrible so
that was my very poetic description that
but I wanted to like serve people of us
and talk more about mental health and
sometimes I don't really know how to do
that and but this is just me and
hopefully that helps the little
do list like simple things to do
approach don't train a bit well I myself
don't join you too much and if you
conquer all of this things done that's
fine because then you wake up in the
morning and you know exactly what you
need to do to complete the tasks it's
fine you'll be fine you'll be okay and
ask for help if you need it
all right that's it okay bye
