good morning everyone and happy vlogmas
if you're not familiar with the concept
of promise it's like a advent calendar
where every day instead of opening up
the river window and find him chocolate
you get me so I vlog every day in the
run-up to Christmas it's fun it's a good
excuse for me to just make stuff and put
it up straight away rather agonize over
it there's a few fun things ahead
tomorrow there'll be a double dose with
me as I'm also making you video on the
vlog for this channel I also have
project for awesome video coming up next
Friday oh my god the project Wilson's
next Friday I just got away from panic
there are some collabs iPhone with
saunas and videos I've literally been
meaning to make the entire year so I'm
really excited about this and I just
loved the continuous flow of
conversation in progress I think that it
was really nice to check back in
comments and you know hear a little more
about what you were all up to every
single day and how are you month is
going to be honest a lot of the time
when I watch other people's of Dogma
says I can't identify with that pure joy
and happiness and celebration that a lot
of them associate with Christmas and a
lot of them present through their videos
and that's fine that's so experienced
I'm very happy that they find during
this month but for me it's very tinged
with complicated feelings about you know
family and then also presents and food
and making sure we have enough outfits
rules the ridiculous things that Lex and
I are giving it up to you and I get to
London all of those kinds of things are
complicated to me and stressful so if
you came to this expecting pure
Christmas joy perhaps not your thing but
also a fun time to hang out together
around the fire that it's the lens of
the camera anyway I'm a little bit
hyperactive this morning I'm very
excited about progress
speaking of complicated messes of things
I want to talk a bit about Gilmore Girls
no spoilers the only spoiler to it is
going to be my reaction and my feeling
about it if you want to stay away from
anything related to it that's absolutely
fine it's also kind of related to my
feeling and reaction to fantastic piece
but I'm not going to go into that in
full today today I'm sure about
nostalgia which you may have seen from
the header of this video nostalgia to me
is it's interesting that it's coming to
play I wonder what the people are
feeling more nostalgic now or it's just
that they're nostalgic for now a time
period that I've been through and I've
experienced people are nostalgic for the
90s and early 2000s and me being the old
hat that
I'm like oh I kind of get that and I
yeah I'm familiar with that because that
was my time that was my birth my coming
into this world so you have things like
these revivals you have this broader
references throughout culture to this
experience that you had for the first
time when you were quite small wearing
flowery leggings and singing along to
the Spice Girls there is a sense of a
callback to that so I don't know
necessarily that we've become more
nostalgic or whether the nostalgia is
pointed at an era that I recognize and
also the former through which that
nostalgia is dispersed is also a
relatively new thing and a very visual
thing as well so maybe it is more easily
dispersed than it used to be maybe
nostalgia is more easily propagated than
it used to be
I don't know so in fact as I was excited
to see Gilmore Girls I was very
uncomfortable with a lot of what didn't
seem to change and what didn't seem to
shift and therefore some great articles
about this and I'll link to a couple of
them in the description below some of
them are each conclusions I agree with
some of them don't but I think the
general feelings that something was a
bit off and for me
nostalgia itself can be a bit off I
think that this was always my struggle
with Mad Men because Mad Men sometimes
thought a little bit like an excuse to
spend time in an era where it was okay
or like socially accepted to be all
white mostly men and have those be the
driving narratives and dragonforce
because it was presenting this nostalgic
era and it was also kind of challenging
it but also not really it was giving
more voice to the women in that
storyline than otherwise would have been
but they were all white women and they
were most the time confined to that
particular situation it wasn't really
giving me any new information or any new
stories to be told unless maybe it was
an examination of the fragility of the
masculinity in that story which is also
an important story to tell but that's
not enough to make me gloss over
everything else you know to gloss over
the absences from that storyline and
that's kind of how I thought about gum
or girls and to me the disappointing
thing is that I watch a lot of old
Gilmore Girls back I watched it
constantly growing up my sister's image
or my sister's crazy they're like why
did they talk so fast there's seven
I loved Gilmore Girls and I watch a lot
of episodes back and I think well they
said this thing that was really
improving
pretty offensive but that was ten years
ago and I'm going to watch it with the
generous spirit of that being ten years
ago we were in a different place I was
in a different place I was saying things
that right now I would a boy so I watch
it with that spirit and then to see the
revival still hinge on a lot of those
things and go into a lot of those just
slightly repulsive things it just to me
makes me wonder where the nostalgia it's
just an excuse to be in that space of
what I don't know white supremacist on
the internet like to call non PC culture
where you didn't have to be as aware of
the other voices that were and were not
being included in the conversation as
you do now and you still don't as I said
many times before you still don't get a
full picture of that because of the
nature of the internet and you're
excluded and the technological access
and financial requirement that that
access requires requires set you a time
no more girls was really it left me
feeling quite sour and there should be I
felt wow and then afterwards I felt no
something's off it's like when you taste
I don't know almond milk that you've had
for ages and you're like this is still
great and then after a little while I
think this is about three months old I'm
very confused about it and I completely
respect and understand that some people
don't want to look into it in that way
because it was just this big emotional
women of seeing these characters they
love again and they want to just leave
it but for me I'm just very confused by
it and I'm confused by our drive to look
back in a way that doesn't lend to us
looking forward like I love stories that
involve writing back likewise like I
said see stories that give voice to
characters we haven't had before story
I'm so excited for hidden figures there
were stories so many stories in the
history of people who voices were not
heard at those particular moments in
time why do we have to keep retelling
the stories of people whose voices were
heard with them at the center
of it and with all their assumptions the
driving narrative that's my thinking on
nostalgia but nostalgia is fun today
December's is the day that I will be
listening to all of the killings
Christmas songs because that is my
December first tradition and watching
Love Actually and probably watching a
few other Christmas films as well so
that's like I'm just it's confusing you
know I'm confused
so if you can land a little claret in
the comments please do and in any case I
will see you tomorrow both here and on
the vlogbrothers channel which I'm
completely calm about and not stressed
about in any way alright but
