hi everyone I'm in Vegas right now which
is why I have this lovely blue velvet
sofa I'm making a video today to talk
about political engagement and ways in
which we can concretely contribute to
the brexit negotiations that are coming
up oh well they're in process right now
but there is a bit of a deadline coming
up I'm making this video in partnership
with undivided which is a youth-led
political campaign from people all over
the breakfast spectrum as it were people
who voted leave people who voted remain
and people who didn't vote undivided
focus is ensuring that the priorities of
young people are included in the brexit
deal negotiations young people will have
to live with the ramifications of
whatever deal is made so it's really
important that those considerations are
included in the discussion as a bit of a
time crunch here so undivided is going
to take the top 10 demands by young
people and present them to Parliament in
January 2017 before I not just
everything else somewhere to say I just
want to say up top that you can go to we
are and divided current UK and submit
what it is you want the government to
consider your demand as it were in the
brexit negotiations and that has a
chance then of being one of the demands
presented to Parliament in January 2017
which is about a month away it's
alarming it soon it's happening don't
talk about a couple of things from some
more broad some more specific here I
think that it's vital that we look at
the processes that happen in between
major political events by major
political events I mean things like
elections and referendums and the UK at
least I think there's a lot of election
fatigue there's the general election in
2015 we have the EU referendum and then
it kind of felt like the u.s. election
was happening to us as well partly
because of the ramifications of this big
country and here they voted for but also
because of the way that our countries
interact with one another I understand
people needing to step back I needed to
set back as I said I needed to take a
minute but it's stepping back entirely
that worries me it's saying that
politics and politicians in general
don't do anything or they're only
interested in themselves or those kind
of broad sweeping statements that
worries me because it makes us less
engaged in the process when actually
what we need to be doing is getting more
involved we need to be calling and
emailing our MPs and other people who
represent us locally it's not simply
about knowing the headlines and knowing
what's being talked about at that top
level it's also understanding how
politics works and whose priorities have
been considered and part of that is
whose voices are out there whose voices
are included who is more likely to show
up to the polls so all of these things
are involved with other aspects of how
do we make voting easier why is it that
so many older people come out to vote
and a lot of young people often don't
the sort things we talk about a lot
around the moment of those big political
events but then forget about about a
month later and Hamilton terms elections
are deciding who's in the room where it
happened but the master of what is said
in that room where it happens whether
that's 10 Downing Street houses of
parliament your local councillors office
the more those meetings and discussions
seem obscure and separate from us the
less we're likely to get involved and
unless we're likely to see it as
something that we can be part of and
thinking about what I'm going to request
be included as a priority the brexit
negotiations I've been thinking a lot
about how these nebulous concepts like
the EU and trade and all of these big
sore bureaucratic feeling words face off
against ideas that are concrete and bite
sized like 350 million pounds to the NHS
or whatever one of the things i
generally love about this campaign and
why i wanted to get involved is that it
takes this nebulous idea of the brexit
negotiation or hard brexit soft brexit
and breaks it down into those chunks so
that not only do we lay out our
priorities we also in the process
understand what it is being discussed
here and I think that applies for
everyone not just young people one of
the biggest priorities for me personally
is protecting the right to live work and
study iddy you and the rights of the
members of the EU to live work and study
in the UK to give you further examples a
couple of other issues that are really
important to me are upholding the
cosmetics ban on testing in the EU
further extending those protections to
animal welfare and concerned about the
effect the brexit negotiations will have
on human rights specifically as the
refugee crisis continues seeing what's
happening in for example Australia with
the prison Islands and also what we're
already doing as a country i think it's
appalling so I'm really really worried
about that connected to that I worry
about hate crimes and I love our
government to commit to measures that
they are going to use to tackle hate
crimes specifically in this post brexit
Britain what we have seen a rise in hate
crimes whatever they can do to your
store people but then also
actually act in response to that is
something that I would like to be
included in those negotiations and I
think should be part of that broader EU
UK effort so hope that gives you a bit
of an idea about the kinds of things
that you can submit to the websites it's
a priority to you as a young person in
the UK then please do submit it to the
website we are undivided dr. at UK you
can also tweet or Instagram the hashtag
there is we demand and i'll also put
their twitter handle and Instagram
handle in the description bar below or
on my face right now look at that it's
so beautiful they're very curious to
hear about your priorities and places
where you agree or disagree with other
people so yes please do share those
thoughts and it doesn't matter whether
you voted remain leave or didn't vote
your thoughts here are very very
important to us so please be engaged in
politics between the big political
moments let's learn more about the
process in the process and I will see
you all very soon right
