I thought we fun to make a video about
love why not that's what this season is
known for love romantic love
specifically actually and I've really
done a list of everyone that I've ever
been in love with and it's right in here
it's no one I've never been in love I
have been 25 years old I usually will
not be much for people that I'm very
very very safe to respond to I really
apologize for people saying like I'm
this agent I'm falling in love yet and
this age I have a kiss someone yet I'm
this agent haven't had a boyfriend or a
girlfriend yet and there are multiple
reasons why it takes such a long time to
email back a lot of it is workload but
part of it is just that I I don't really
know what to say sometimes because I've
been in the same boat and I've had those
same worries and anguish is that but
maybe just whatever happened for me this
thing that is such a central part of our
social culture and art if then every
single song on the radio unless you're
like Bastille and you sing about
funerals and volcanoes and things like
that it's such a central part of the
fabric of our lives however when you get
to a certain age when you're looking all
around you and people are falling in
love and falling out of love and then
falling back in love and all of these
things and you're not there you do start
to think hey have I missed something was
there some decision is there something
wrong with me personally and that's when
in the darkest loneliest nights it comes
back to is there something wrong have I
failed somewhere and in fact I often
find myself thinking things in really
50s sexist style terms like if the fact
that I'm an ambitious person who is
really committed to her career and it's
really committed to her independence
has that shot people out because people
don't like ambitious people I said
people a lot in a row I think I've told
you guys about the time that I spoke to
you online dating expert and she told me
to take the word ambitious out of my
biography because she was like guys
don't like ambitious women I say outrage
that I could barely sit through the rest
of the meeting I was just I think I was
too angry to even respond with that but
it is all of those all of those fears
about being an angry feminist ambitious
driven and intimidating and all of those
things it's very frustrating that those
are still present in some way of my
subconscious as though by not having
fallen in love there is something
deficient with me as a person because so
high is the pair
which we place romantic love I feel
incredibly deep love for my friends my
family so I don't feel like my life is
without love overall but it is
interesting that there's such a focus
placed on romantic love that leaves you
feeling this lack and this deficiency
when I say have no fun in love I mean in
the sort of you and McGregor and love
lifts us up where we belong way or make
Ryan movie sort of way occasionally I
think of it like in terms of before
you've had your first orgasm and you
kind of like was that laughs was that
crush that I had on this person love was
that complicated horrible feeling love
and everyone responds and says no you'll
know you'll know when it's love that's
the only analogy I have for that I
imagine that falling in love is a little
bit like your first orgasm everyone's
talking about sex on YouTube it does but
yet crushes are a different thing
I love having questions when I don't
have a crush I feel like there's
something slightly reluctant as an
activity that I'm not doing like
someone's taken off the cross words out
my favorite magazines um I guess I can't
do that crossword I think that crushes
and flirting and that whole level of it
I that's fine I like that side of it but
the love for like deep burning love the
infatuation the things that ever says
are so horrible and terrible this thing
that in some ways can't be reversed you
know people talk about falling out of
love but still caring for that person I
want to feel that I want to feel the
intensity I'm such an extreme person in
a lot of ways I have a lot of extreme
feelings but I haven't had that one and
I just I'm going to make this video
partly to say to people if you're in the
same boat you're not alone and if
particularly difficult I think at my age
and at a technological age where you are
encouraged even more than ever to
compare your experiences to other
peoples and you're seeing people
demonstrating their love for their
partners in other ways but I've also did
the thing that for me like that's kind
of lessened a little bit and what for me
is something that occasionally that
again in the latest hours of the night
come up against is seeing partnership as
something really lovely like the USA I
always taking great pride in my
independence and if someone makes an
amazing hip-hop musical out of my
dependence but now I really love seeing
partnerships whether that's friendship
partnerships but and especially even
despite all of the connectives their
romantic partnerships where there's
equity and there's generosity and
curiosity and this little world that
people have together and these shared
experiences that are very much there
there's something there that I really
admire and want in a way that the
yearning and the wanting makes more
sense to me than the abstract concept of
romantic love having someone there with
you I think that that's something that
occasionally I think well that would be
quite nice anyway I didn't mean to take
this to the dark place and that should
do fine it's been a great day I'm about
to have a margarita at like 4:45 p.m.
I'm going to read a book I've not been
on Twitter which is brilliant it has the
added benefit of me posting more to my
community page so take a peek at that I
ask people to pick the next book for my
next month of cooking which is going to
be December so weigh in with your
opinions it with that show your thoughts
about love falling in it falling out of
it forming through it running around it
falling into space and it's loading just
for a time to anybody
Oh
