hello and Happy New Year's Eve I thought
I would talk a little bit about
resolutions I accomplished in 2017 as
well as the three that I am setting for
myself in 2018 I think I've spoken on
this channel before about how I'm not
super strict on setting resolutions in
January January is pretty much my least
favorite month of the year I find it
very hard it makes me sad and it's cold
and it's long and everyone's broke so I
like to set different goals throughout
the year whether those are week-long
goals month long goals or year long
goals that just happened to start in
August one of the biggest examples of
this in 2017 for me it was my August
decision to step away from Twitter I
spoke about that a little bit in my
video about communication right at the
beginning of vlogmas for me that was a
while changer because I found myself
getting so feverishly drawn into it
constantly not really doing the other
thing else and the way I have been
seeing it is like that scene at the
beginning of wall-e when you see the
earth surrounded by all the satellites
in the sky I can't clean up the noise of
the internet but I can clean up a little
bit of my contribution to the noise of
the internet and remove some of those
satellites in some way shape or form
thinking more carefully about the kinds
of satellites that I put up there
another thing I did in 2017 was write
lots of letters to family and friends
and I paid off my student loan and this
was a good example of a moving goalpost
I said to myself very firmly that I was
going to pay off my loan by my 26th
birthday over and over and over again my
26th birthday came and went and they
still hadn't paid it off and I was
getting really disappointed in myself so
it shifted that goalpost to the end of
the year and lo and behold I managed to
do it and it means that in 2018 I read
to have even more of a focus in learning
how to save invest and manage money I've
been loving the YouTube channel the
financial diet they just came out with a
book which I'm excited to read but that
for me has been so helpful in
understanding not only what to do with
money but also how to behave towards
money and its use in 2017 I also
continue doing something that I'd
started doing more in 2016 in terms of
addressing and being grateful for and
expressing gratitude towards people in
my life just for any old reasons really
but especially if they'd done something
that they might not know had a big
effect on my day or in the way that I
thought about myself or a boy the way
that I feel about other people and
trying to
a bit more while they're still around
rather than wishing I'd said that to
them and them not being here any longer
that took it to a dark place didn't take
long and as for a resolution I didn't
see through in 2017
I didn't write anywhere near as much as
I wanted to and I felt really
disappointed in myself I had set a
couple of arbitrary deadlines for
arbitrary lengths and things that I
wanted to show people at different times
and things that I wanted to have done by
the end of the year and then I just
realized that doing that being hard on
myself it's not a productive way to go
about things
so in 2018 I'm not going to set myself a
writing resolution I'm just going to try
and you know do it more no pressure
keep writing Rhiannon it's good for you
speaking of my three 2018 resolutions
they are as follows
number one not drinking any coca-cola
products in 2018 I am a coca-cola
addict I have always been a coca-cola
addict I was brought up that way I have
a lot of family members who are pretty
much that way all that sweet sweet sugar
as bad for my house but it's especially
the caffeine caffeine makes me so
anxious and coke is pretty much the only
source of that for me and when I have it
I feel my mental health dive the second
reason is because one of my overall
goals for 2018 is to think about ways in
which I'm contributing to the production
of waste and how I can reduce that I
learned from a Greenpeace campaign
recently that co-occurred produces 100
billion plastic throwaway bottles every
single year so phenomenal amount of
waste being produced and that's just one
company I feel very strongly that in
this economy and the socio-economic
structure we vote with our wallet and so
for me that's not a vote that I can make
in good conscience now that's not to say
just because I'm stop drinking coke and
want to start drinking Pepsi or some
other products because of that focus on
my well-being in 2018 I want to say 2019
but not yet then I'm generally trying to
cut out fizzy drinks overall although
there will still be a little bit of a
tonic drinking girls could have purge it
along similar lines of thinking about
the waste I produced and also the effect
we have on the planet overall I've been
thinking a lot about the way I buy
clothes so my second resolution is not
to buy any new clothes in 2018 that's to
say I can still buy things from charity
shops or Ebay or Depot for whatever but
I can't buy things
new from a shop online
I'm increasingly concerned about these
waves that we have when it comes to
labor conditions sometimes we care about
sweatshops and sometimes we don't
sometimes there's a big market push
against them and then it kind of goes
back to naught and all of these
companies have owned all of these
companies but many companies have a very
fake attitude to actually rectifying
problem or are doing it it's such a
small scale but it just doesn't really
affect how much change this one will
also be challenging in the sense that
for a long time now it's been a pattern
that when I feel very low about myself
the self-esteem the way I look etc all
about my mood in general I would go and
buy something new regardless of whether
I didn't have much money or much time I
would go out and do that and then
eventually regret it and not even like
what I have anyway and it would just be
this failure of a plaster it'll be a
plaster that constantly peels off mmm
what a great mental image that's not
addressing that problem it's also
contributing to our consumption of fast
fashion and that culture of fast fashion
where we buy things to replace them that
are low quality often produced in really
poor working conditions if you can call
them working conditions at all not to
mention the huge expenditure of water
and oil and all these other things that
go into the production of a product the
last thing I'll say on that note is that
through a combination of being in a very
privileged position and also thinking
about these things more I got into a
good habit of buying from shops like
Reformation which is where this comes
from and which do you think about
environmental sustainability as part
their business model but for me that
doesn't really tackle the problem
because I'm still spending money and I'm
still encouraging this kind of perpetual
buying of a new thing so in 2018 as a
kind of behavioral experiment as well as
trying to live my values more I'm not
going to buy any new clothes I know from
previous comment sections that many of
you have done this if you have them
please leave those experiences in the
comments below and they also want to add
that I'm really aware that it's easy to
pay lip service to sustainable fashion
and living ethically especially in this
kind of corporate activism culture and
so obviously I don't want to do that I
really want to see this through and I'm
excited about the challenges that are
coming up with that and a different way
I'm gonna think about shopping and
buying things and also how to deal with
a bad day my last resolution is
definitely the most crunchy of them all
so as you know I have been reading Tarot
my sister gave me these tarot cards
either for the previous Christmas or the
birthday before last
and I've been having a lot of fun
getting to know them getting to know how
to read them reading my friends cars and
just exploring all the different
meanings of all these different cars and
different decks and so on but I one
night recently this week was feeling
extremely anguished and I had all sorts
of questions about my personal life and
my life in 2080 so when looking for some
guidance in response to that anguish I
pulled the card an Ace of Cups and
looking through the meanings of that
card I found that it was falling in love
self-love and allowing yourself pleasure
and allowing yourself pleasure was the
one that I decided to hold up as my 2018
resolution so often when I'm in
wonderful abundance situations there is
an extent to which I don't allow myself
to enjoy it whether that's because I'm
giving myself grief for x y&z reason
there's an element of guilt involved
about having the opportunity to be in
that situation and there's just
something kind of stopping it something
being the gate that doesn't quite open
that and to be honest there have also
been a lot of situations throughout the
course of my various states of
well-being where I haven't permitted
myself a level of pleasure because of
the way I feel I look or the way I feel
other people see me my third and final
resolution for 2018 is to allow myself
pleasure as broad and wonderful as that
definition may be I would love to read
about your resolutions and your
accomplishments in comments and I'll see
you next year bye
