hello everyone I have sauna with me here
again to talk about anthems for your
favorite fictional female
I just like the F sore in a sauna
recently you're probably quite a while
ago so you see this may be a great video
about a fictional bookish girl squad and
I thought we find it let's take it up a
notch and we've picked I think it was
like 9 or 10 women in fiction and we
each are going to assign a song to each
of these characters something that they
might enjoy but also say something that
like if you listen to that song put
together that character or it's just a
certain it's a certain vibe that the
game has am I on there would be a
playlist of all of these songs in the
description in case you listen to it so
the first answer we have is Jane what is
your selection for Jana I just start by
saying I'm bad at music I'm the kind of
person that is literally just like I'll
pick an album and I'll listen to it for
two years and then I'm like oh that's
nice and then go to the next one I feel
some these choices really date us
probably yeah it's a lot of the stuff
I've just been listening to for years
and years but also trying to stay like
it down with kids and pick some relevant
stuff but the sapphic for Jane Eyre is
daydreaming by dark dark dark there's a
lot of her like especially when she's
young like reading books and wishing she
could be somewhere else I picked your
ex-lover is dead by stars which is from
the album set yourself on fire when
there's nothing left to burn you have to
set yourself on fire the second
character we picked for is Hermione
Granger I picked prima donna by marina
and the diamonds I wanted something like
quite strong and quite a beat but that
also sort of takes into account like
especially younger Hermione wanting to
be like perfect I pitch run the world
girls like Beyonce because I was like
welcome to me so my knee is the person
who gets with the stuff dunk me love her
the next person is Ginny we've both gone
for the same artist yeah we've done an
Ellie Goulding nachos burn not only
because of her fiery red hair but
because you're such like an amazing like
spirited strong character that's such a
song I picked on me but any girl because
I feel like she's really the person who
carries Dumbledore's Army forward with
Neville and she also just has that
feeling of like being really invested in
friendships and that this song
American man that says when I'm with you
I'm standing with an army so it says
something about personal relationships
that have border friendships and of
course double doors army let's do a
retailer next there is Matilda and then
I chose out of the woods I am God by
taste might not think it but she lives
the life filled with struggles and I
think most of most of her stories just
like trying to get the hell out of there
I think things what you make of them by
Bishop Allen it's just such a throwback
for me and definitely seems like one of
their songs that had it been out by the
time the film was being made would have
been on the film soundtrack for it I
think that Matilda has very much liked
and I'm gonna deal with this terrible
horrible situation and make it what I
can and I feel like that's also miss
honey's approach I always think about
that song I don't know things are what
you make given things what you're making
them you know what I mean nope you know
what I mean there's like an album for
every book yeah that makes sense yeah
and like so many songs I don't know
Joshua it afterwards but Oh pepper which
is a really lovely calm song at the end
of their album it's their first album
and it is about someone who goes for
coffee with their ex and so I'm sitting
across from the table being like yeah we
used to not be exes I actually Taylor
surface but I went with we had never
ever getting back together which I feel
like is a great theme of the book in
general the first song from the score of
Monument Valley we're just like an
iPhone game but it's got like all these
like slinky clunky sounds the same time
it's very mysterious okay and so I
really like it as a sort of like
backdrop for how her story starts like
walking through the snow because it's
got like a supernatural aspect to it I
found like one key not that quite
fitting Splunk II yeah I picked a
mountain at my gates by follows were
sort of thing to deal with this whole
thing to take on and then also like you
know that scenic fantasy of of mountains
etc for Katniss I picked problem but
ariana grande could be applied to so
many of the people that I'm Katniss has
to deal with so I'll leave that to you
to decide who that applies to
Alicia Keys is gone fire I actually
regionally picked that for Jane Eyre and
then changed my mind because I was like
oh wait a minute
the girls woke up oh it's just a
chromatic sit on the Sun track is it I
don't know I wouldn't be surprised I
think I might be surprised but in my
mind it's just made for her
I picked running with the wolves by
Aurora has a phrase in it that is or
running out of time when she obviously
was fitting but it's also like it has
like a nice dreamlike quality with it
and I think Nora Palmer piper still look
as that very much has that feeling of
running into the dark and not really
knowing what's happening at this woman
all of a sudden of interest to everyone
and you feel like there's mysterious
forces at work and it's just such a
bummer - and we have come on des Lewis
from the Martian yes we have too many
songs for this one I page first of all
go by public service broadcasting I
don't think I need to explain that one
it's such such a great song I also
picked outer space mover by Tom
Rosenthal which is like way more upbeat
and like relaxed but still like nice and
and space-related
the song I expect for her was also
called go but it's the go by m83 has
that great countdown in it and also
spaceman by The Killers because like as
if the killers weren't gonna appear on
this list somewhere also such a cheap
final one is Kat from Fargo
I picked chandelier by SIA because I
feel like that as a song that she would
have like her emergency dance break -
yeah she kind of broke up with herself
and I picked if she wants me by balance
of bastion because I felt like that was
a song she would just listen to and and
maybe cry dude so those are our picks I
will leave a link to the playlist that
we put together of one of these songs in
the description bar below please feel
free to add your suggestions for all of
these categories and any other fictional
characters to whom you would like to
assign some sort of anthem or soundtrack
songs etc and that so you thought don't
forget to subscribe to Sanne youtuber
convoy slash books and quills and I will
see you very soon bye bye
boom I went to one town the last weekend
for the first time and I did not know
what to expect
