hello everyone so everyone Twitter I
told me that I was making a video and
asked if you had any requests quite a
few of you requested a favorites video
or going up video as I used to make them
so here are some things that I've been
absolutely loving the first one is Maya
if you have a subscribe to shameless
Maya she's literally one my favorite
people on the internet I absolutely love
her videos I think there's so much fun
there's so much energy but they're also
they managed to marry this kind of like
entrepreneurial spirit with this
voracious fun-loving person I just love
them about now or so ago I watched a
makeup tutorial for carnival makeup and
that's why now my eyes are like sparkly
I'm not very good at putting on makeup I
just have fun with it and even though
that's the case I really really enjoy it
if you've been following along online
for a while you know that there's an
artist I absolutely love good luck
winner who funnily enough also shared an
art studio with my older sister who's
also an artist I love her she does a lot
of beautiful street art but she also
made artwork for this exhibition called
she lights up the night which was to
benefit refuge and a limited number of
prints from that exhibition went on sale
so of course I immediately got well I
say immediately it got lost in the post
it took two months to get here but when
I don't I've got this incredible print I
just love it like I love the use of
color and of her bold it is and I love
everything she says with it the power of
girl is the desk top of my laptop be bad
until you're good and good until you
agree it's the desktop on my work
computer like I absolutely love her work
so yeah I have to get this one I've got
to get it framed that's I'm gonna do
that when I get back from the UK on the
other side of the trip I've got a big
focus on like making my place feel a bit
more like my own and it's weird that
it's taken me this long to do it but
things like painting getting things
framed and just really focusing on it I
think will help before I go into the
long dark winter in general I really
like supporting London artists because
it's such a weird city that I think you
have to celebrate all of the art that's
being made and all the things that
people are doing when they come together
and I don't know like that's the side of
London that I really want to lift up and
show people not like the really super
glitzy high business side of it which I
think it's just not the London that you
feel when you're in proper London I
bought these two pieces which are by
route at this shop called we built the
city which some Carnaby Street and
a lot of like local under artists much
more interesting souvenir shop than you
would normally see especially in that
part of London which is very touristy at
times and just there's a lot just like
cheap crap being sold so to have a place
where it's sort of a hub for lunch up
while still being outwards facing and
for people who want to take something
home all people who like me live abroad
and want something of London always to
take with them I just think these prints
are absolutely great so I'm also gonna
get these framed I didn't really know
once I've done my my work on my food
really like what the situation is gonna
be like what art what I'm gonna keep
this really random growing wall of like
killers concert tickets and stuff we'll
see it's kind of fun to have and its
really nice to come back and see these
bright colors everywhere I didn't if you
notice but I like color so in May there
was a wild weekend where on the Friday
we met some of the refugees who would
met in Jordan who had since resettled
and then I went to Beyonce in Chicago at
evening and then I came back and had
like there's a party in Indianapolis
that was really fun when the evening
Sunday went to 3500 Monday was in London
at Wembley sing AFC Wimbledon beat
Plymouth then what what happened
and then Tuesday I had the full day in
London and Wednesday I was back in
Indianapolis it was a mad wonderful but
absolutely mad few days anyone about
today has nothing to do with most of
that but every single year my friends
are in Indianapolis cycle down to the
8500 and it's like a really funds like a
riot it's along the canal it's just
beautiful and I don't have bike so I
bought a bike mostly for that but it has
changed everything I know that I'm not
gonna be able to use it as much in
winter it just gonna be really sad like
what's the snow hits and it's like minus
10 degrees and I want to die I won't be
able to use my bike as much then but for
now it's been great like it really
opened up the city for me there's a
great black north-south bike path and
like once you get downtown get you sweat
or whatever and like I cycled 26 miles
the other day because I just wanted to
keep going and now I can cycle to get my
groceries rather than ubering of lifting
or whatever or asking for favors from
friends which I don't really like to do
and yeah it's just been really great and
I feel
doing it when I go to the gym I have to
cover up the screen so I can't see one
like the numbers and stuff because that
really I found that's so stressful but
when I'm at about doing exercise there's
no numbers to cover up you just cycle
and you go somewhere and you feel good
and it feels like a reasonable amount of
time that takes you to get somewhere so
I really like that the sad side of it is
that a lot of Indianapolis isn't bike
paths
it isn't really bike friendly people
don't expect to see bikes so it's just
kind of figuring out where the good
places are to go and also making sure I
always wear a helmet I always try and be
as visible as possible and I have like
little flashing light on the back and so
on but I love my bike it's a trek bike
it's a hybrid so it's not a massive bike
but it's not a road bike either it's
really light which is great because
there's nowhere to knock my bike in my
apartment complex so I have to lift the
bike up and down flights and stairs
but it's really good to have a light
bike for that and also makes me feel
like I'm like doing this oh my favorite
item of clothing at the moment is
definitely this jacket which I love it's
sort of hard to see but it's like mesh
it's from clover Canyon and I got it at
the sample sale when I was in LA it's
comfortable it's good for the summer
because it covers something up but you
don't feel super hot local Canyon
designs and produces its clothes in
California and it like it's just really
focused on that and also the building
that I went to which has the sample sale
was where the whole company operates so
it was just great to like be in that
space and you know be in the building
where things are made and I have a
growing focus on sustainable and ethical
fashion and just purchases in general a
big part of that is buying less and
being more mindful and even over what
he's about mindful but being more aware
of what I'm buying and how long it all
last and so on but then as a whole other
side to it that I'll go into another day
there's just been a lot of learning and
a lot of reading and understanding how
things are made all the way down to the
cotton and the water used and so on I've
been loving my acai bowls curry sources
we're just been a godsend to me
I often have projects that's about to
run out or just kind of I want to just
use it and I don't know what to do with
it but if I make a curry then there's an
easy way to like make the most of it and
also a great way to have lunches for a
couple of days - plus the packaging is
adorable I think these are gonna get a
video around because I just been
enjoying them so much but I was offered
a set of the haripada coloring books the
email I received about whether or not I
wanted a set of these was like very like
calm and polite and professional so and
my response was just like yes please so
I've really been enjoying them if we
look back at one of my videos from
literally exactly five years ago I
talked about coloring in books of
Phoenix in an old Harry Potter coloring
books that I found so really liked it
there they're doing these I find it
super relaxing here so I'm kind of
halfway through a lot of them but here
is a sneaker scope here are some
Hogwarts s I started coloring in all
yellow here and then I clearly gave up I
need to continue that and like to have
this one turned out my house
my number one and home so yeah it's been
really nice to do them I have like five
or six different variants because there
are so many different types of dents and
but I'm gonna try and do each one in a
different material so I'm gonna do one
in paint of N one in crayon and maybe
felt it but felt if it's kind of thick
so we'll see how it goes so I love where
Jory and I think it actually goes back
to the baby-sitters club because kody
icky she in those books had like always
really weird an interesting jewelry that
was described like little charms and
things and I've tried to replicate that
throughout my entire life go they just
want to be his coolest cruelly okichi I
loved her but I also loved Stacey and
Dawn and I just wanted to be them all
like fused together also my sisters had
great jewelry they had little like power
airing food-related earrings I was
always hunting for that stuff and before
Etsy it was so difficult to find any way
way down the line a jewelry becomes part
of my life in a very serious way and
that I can't stop buying that stuff and
they actually very kindly recently sent
me a few things like a few bits and
pieces from their collection and that
genuinely made me so so happy there's a
little cactus necklace there's an owl
which felt very special to me around
Harry Potter time there's this necklace
which amazingly glows in the dark kind
of space shuttle necklace
that Taylor Swift said that was the
coolest necklace she's ever seen on her
life just saying there's a vintage ring
that I love that I have from them what
else tonight from them I've got a
limited edition like one-off space piece
as well that was just they just make
really cool interesting pieces that make
me really excited and now that I've
whittled down so many of the things that
I own it makes it even more special and
intentional but yeah most of my jewelry
these days is like space liens
explicitly Harry Potter or something
that was personalized for me so let's
for example got me that amazing what
would LC do necklace and my friend after
him I grew up next door to you've got me
my name in Hebrew ages and ages ago like
when we were maybe five or six years old
or something the Lions space and Harry
Potter those are made dress Oh and then
of course my feminist with the Chad
universe pin because that never gets old
I'm gonna try and make a woman on screen
be here about this at some point but I
watched Game of Thrones in like two
months and it was at first I felt like
it was going really slowly and then I
got to season three and it just raced
through the last few seasons I really
enjoyed it
it was fascinating to think about it as
this sight now see moment in what we
expect to see on television and what we
kind of reward and what we see on
television and what gets reactions and
so on
so yeah I do want to make like a woman
on screen video about it and discuss
that definitely want to discuss like
race in it but then also its interaction
with violence and different types of
violence and like how that violence is
like visually framed I could go into it
in a very deep way but for now I'm just
gonna have a little break from it and
just a break from thinking about it just
for my sanity so I can process as Hank 7
and his love for this video this week
like it's it's not about Cheeto media No
More Tito media and makeup wise I still
there's a still my absolutely favorite
foundation it's our grass liquid powder
foundation mattifying
oil-free I love it I think it's
brilliant I know not people don't like
it because it really dries out their
face but I like it because my face gets
really red all the time like given from
light exercise and it just kind of
powders it and keeps it all keeps it all
dry and happy ease it in shell and then
I have to
barring it depending on summer and
winter because you know sometime you've
got the time going sometimes you don't
and sometimes you're more of a shell and
sometimes you're not my favorite
lipstick at the moment seems to have
gone missing which I am very worried
about because this is the second time
I've replaced it it's lost sherry by
Charlotte Tilbury I love it
Lex got it for me for Christmas it's
like matte but then also really
moisturizing it's bright pink I do it
look it up I just so good my third and
final faith makeup item is also one that
I didn't have because I just finished it
and then I got rid of the bottle because
I'm like not used to doing favorites
videos and terrible at keeping empties
and so on it's the Camellia and rose
cleanser from pi to pi which is a
cruelty free skincare line and sent me
three or four products I think it was
like October November last year and then
I loved them so much that I reward
everything that they sent me and it's
still so good I don't really use
cleanser and have never really used
cleanser I'm really fortunate with my
skin I started to use it may also use
then little rose hip oil and the whole
combination just made me feel again like
such a royal if my skin was so happy and
yeah again like I don't really know
anything about cleanses I've used
several over the years this was like the
one and ivory bought it other favorites
I didn't think I'd have that many
favorites to talk about but apparently
I've got loads I my backpack broke I
could use it for so so many years and it
broke and I was very sad about it but
then I went to Universal Studios
Hollywood and got myself this amazing
Gryffindor backpack which has a little
pin from the World Cup the Quidditch
World Cup which I obviously went to and
I love it because it's got gold
metallics and that's as you know speaks
to myself like house lining lining you
know how it is been really good it fits
my laptop which is the big win for it
so I'm gonna enter what I've been
listening to you I've been listening to
podcasts I am I listen to you 99%
invisible and NPR's invisibie Leah and
queer girlfriend
woman's out of the BBC radio show that
you listen to as a podcast which is so
good and now I've been listening to
control or delete which is my gallons
and poor cups I haven't read a book yet
but I'm really excited to you that's me
another one that I pick up when I'm in
the UK music wise I've been loving the
two new singles from Bastille faked it
and good grief I've been listening to
angel Olsen shut up kiss me and that's
just been such a good tune to get me
through the mornings and stuff I've been
listening to don't wait all the time and
Gina ravillious is also a huge fan of it
and tweets about it all the time where -
it Parabellum that she liked Matt Weiner
felt super cool I've been listening to
chronic constant love heart and life
itself by glass animals which I just
keep playing on repeat and a lot of
these are songs that are paid on Julieta
new this show I've been listening to a
lot of like oh you have Apple music so I
listened to beats one and Haim time and
all of that stuff - so I've just been
like piling myself with music and
podcasts and good thing despite all the
craziness
despite the days that are not quite so
good there's lots of goodness to be
found so that's what gives you an idea
of what I've been doing other than
reading and other than dealing with 2016
as a beast as an absolute Bahamas Oh see
you very soon but please do let me know
what you've been enjoying and comment
and we'll chat about it and it's gonna
be golden this makes me look like space
Barbie and I don't hate it actually I
think space Barbie is where I'm at right
now today I'm gonna talk about on the
books I've been reading this summer
I feel like summers are still very much
like the summer holiday mindset in that
I think that summer is a time when you
should focus on things that are like
good and fun
