well hello there it's been a while but
today we're going to dive right back
into bookish things as we talk about
each sweat played by Anna Castle which
came out this week
full disclosure a friend of mine who
works at Pan Macmillan gave it to me
it's a book about sport in women's lives
and what that means and the places where
we are kind of failing women as a
collective whole and where we could be
doing more but also the way we talk
about sport and that to me was one of
the most compelling things the bit that
took me from reading one or two pages at
time as I dipped in and out of books to
sitting down and reading this and
whatever time I could find and make
available I don't know how many of you
read Ruby 10 days wonderful piece about
wellness and clean eating I'm going to
link to it in the description bar below
it's a really brilliant piece and it
just touches on a lot of the things that
I find are so insidious with the way we
talk about health at the moment and the
way we present house because in many
ways for a lot of people who were
struggling with those things and
struggling with finding the right
balance and and also just recovering
from problems they've had with eating
before it can become a way of harming
yourself and it can become an easy way
to disguise what's really going on
because you're like I'm so healthy I'm
so well look at all these symbols and
putting out of health and wellness but
in this book and I guess still talks to
you and refers to sport and that's a
work that I think has sort of dropped
out of the vocabulary of the way we talk
about exercise and it was refreshing to
hear about sport in particular about
this thing that we do together by
necessity and the book itself featuring
lots of different doctors and sports
women and sports commentators and so on
bringing them all together it's self
thought with this kind of team feeling
so after finish the book I try to think
about when I lost interested in sport
when that flag went up in my mind that
self P is something that you tried to
skip that you play up your asthma to get
out of something that you like behind in
and like you don't put that much effort
into like when did that happen for me
and I think it did happen just towards
the end of primary school I don't know
exactly why that was but I went from
having loads of fun with like three
aside football and like doing rounders
and all of that to suddenly being the
person who's like really lagging behind
and running around the field and and
just kind of making it about this other
thing like about not wanting to do it
maybe it's because they didn't come
naturally to me I definitely remember
doing like gymnastics and feeling really
disheartened that I couldn't do
gymnastics as well as other people in my
class or maybe it was a little bit from
friends or from like this sort of
societal expectation that everyone hates
PE I definitely remember a secretary
school the kind of dread that I felt
when I put on my PE kit and we had to
wear these thick white polos that were
just horrible and these little grey
skirts that like wrapped round and they
were just so uncomfortable and I was
very insecure and I hated that feeling
of something being close to my body and
then also knowing that you had to like
sweat in it and run around in it and
just feeling very sort of on show and
exposed even though everyone was in the
same boat there was something about it
that was so repulsive to me and when we
did the gym dance indoor portion of the
year you had to wear these like black
tight jazz leggings and leotard and just
the memory of the feeling of knowing
that I was gonna have to put that on it
actually just makes you feel quite
emotional now because it just makes me
really sad it has that feeling of like
dread and horror for me and I think that
that's not uncommon I think a lot of
people have that same experience with
sport they feel like it's they they
would put on show for it and you carry
that through to when you don't want to
take a class because you feel really
visible and you don't want to go on a
run because you feel really visible you
just feel like people are watching you
the whole time and judging your ability
rather than the reality which is that
most people aren't even there most
people don't care they're not looking at
you one of the things I found most
interesting about the book though is
that it kind of takes you out of that
zone of just being comfortable in those
Zumba classes and the lights are down or
there's SoulCycle classes or whatever
when you're focusing specifically on
fitness and wellness and it opens up
again and it celebrates adult netball
teams and adults will teams but it
questions where we have failed girls and
women in their inclusion in those kinds
of teams and those kinds of sports I'm a
really big football fan I've supported
West Ham my entire life I am sooo
mumbles and have become really important
to me for obvious reasons and England
and Mexico are teams that I just love to
watch play and what shake England in the
Women's World Cup was so impressive to
me as so exciting
but I definitely haven't supported
women's football in the way that I feel
like I should or that I could what was
Jen
only shocking to me though is that I'm
24 years old and I love football and
I've only just learned from reading this
book that women literally weren't
allowed to play football by the FA
between 1921 and 1971 there was a
50-year ban and there were real economic
disincentives
for stadiums and fields allowing women
to play on their turf so women were shut
out of football for 50 years and I had
no idea I rewatched one of my favorite
films or the President's Men recently
and there's that scene where chief
Jericho's follow the money and then
later when Woodward is feeding back to
his team he's like the money is the key
to whatever this is and it just made me
think a lot about the way the entrenched
sexism in our communities is made
visible and that's by following the
money or the lack of money because if
you cut something out of a sport for 50
years you don't get that training you
don't get that sponsorship you don't get
that deep investment in sport and
equipment and grounds and clubs all of
that you've you've deprived this whole
group of people from having that level
of investment and then it comes to
looking at why the prize money is
different and you're like well they
don't attract the same sponsorships they
don't they don't play at that level it's
a different skill it's not the same kind
of skill and it's so deeply frustrating
to me and like I get so upset thinking
about it secondary to that but by no
means less important is the lack of
research there is for women athletes
especially for women of color the fact
that trainers and doctors often give
advice to female athletes is related and
made for and based on research for male
bodies that don't take into account
menstruation or menopause or any of the
other different hormonal changes that
happen but don't take into account pain
they don't take into account the pill
that don't factor or structure for
pregnancy and having kids it makes me
feel very frustrated and upset to read
these stories and these accounts of like
a lack of just knowledge information
research money like focus there has been
on women in sport and then to have
people say well women just aren't as
good or they just don't play as well or
their bodies just don't work the same
like all of that stuff it just drives me
up the war and the way we put
fear into women as well not just for how
they look doing exercise but you know
how doing sport during pregnancy can
create real harm to the baby the
language that we use is crushing I think
it's really crushing the way we talk
about each other the way we talk about
athletes the way we just so quickly
throw things down so I think it's up to
all of us to seek out athletes that we
support and admire go and support them
with your money if you can go and see a
ladies football match once a month full
Minette will club with your friend and
of course that is their gonna solve
everything I'm sure some of you wrap
those companies where the guy just takes
all the men to play golf or takes all
the men to go and watch the football and
it's kind of assumed they wouldn't want
women wouldn't want to do that and also
that when the women go along you're
sometimes made to feel uncomfortable
like either through the way some of the
guys are like looking and talking mats
and the girls all the way they treat you
and interact with you and they're
definitely this like side to it that
becomes very performative like there's a
really interesting part in the book
where she talks about how our voice has
changed as women when we go to football
games and that's something that I
noticed even in the unbelievably
welcoming environment of AFC Wimbledon
at Wembley where I felt so comfortable
and so relaxed I heard my voice like
drop register as I try to blend in with
this crowd of like men singing and
trying to make myself sound like them
because I was afraid to stand out and I
honestly like I don't go to West Ham
football matches when I'm in London
because I feel like I stand out and I
feel very self-aware and part of that is
me overcoming that fear but it's also
what we make acceptable and visible and
sport where we see women in sport like
how we regard women in sport as being
skilled and I don't know how that hasn't
happened more when you have someone like
Serena Williams in the world when you
have just getting this hill when you
have the amazing
football teams a combination of things
reading this book I felt like every
chapter brought me onto a different
thing whether it's a discussion of how
we look at women and how we expect to
see women who are playing sport whether
it's how we research sport whether it's
how we fund sport whether it's the
historical track record of women in
sport whether it's politics and sport
all of that stuff I think Anna Castle
has done a really good job of grabbing
on to parts of the conversation but then
also showing where things have been
successful and have been improved
I think this girl can has been such an
important campaign and they also think
campaigns like say no to sexism and
sport which has been running in glamour
for I think a year or two now has been
really important and also just kind of
given a vocabulary to this experience
that you have where you're like well
something's not quite right and I didn't
quite feel welcome here and why am I not
hearing women commentators on much of
the day that kind of stuff it's it's put
it into a language and it's also tied it
to factual experiences that people have
had whether that's in sports journalism
or just running outside in public and
trying to join a local sports team and
so yeah I'd recommend it but I'd also
just generally even if it's not your cup
of tea I just love to hear your thoughts
on women in sport in general what you
see is being the problems we see as
being the strengths opportunities all of
that and so on I really look forward to
discussing it in comments and I hope to
see you again very very soon I'm going
to be at VidCon next week which I'm
really excited for really excited to see
my friends and really excited to meet as
many of you as I can I'm going to be on
a panel called YouTube for good and then
also the women on YouTube workshop
discussion it's gonna be really fun I
think so I'm very excited and I will see
lots of you there hopefully or at summer
in the city in the summer or at some
other time and I'll speak to you very
soon bye
