hello everyone so I've been off the grid
again a little bit things were just
really really overwhelming in April I
don't know what it was about a pool but
a pool just just waterfall the first
snapchat Q&A that I saw was saunas and
it was really fun to watch so I'm gonna
do that right here right now I asked for
your questions and these second
questions so let's go got it and my
question is what is the best movie how
are they defined I feel a bit like I'm
in Eurovision right now I would say that
the best thing I've seen this year
didn't come out this year the best one
I've seen this year is room for any
adaptation I thought it captured the
anxiety you have reading the book and
that anticipation and that confinement
as well once you're within his world but
you also have the knowledge of the
slightly greater world and the slightly
greater situation of what's going on
there are so many films I'm looking
forward to seeing though I saw Captain
America said war last week and I thought
it was really fun and really funny
definitely teen start though I can't get
behind Captain America and his like
highfalutin ideas about the individual
it's just I I'm just more of a stock
girl honestly one of the biggest things
that's moving to the USA specifically
Indianapolis is why people online shop
which might sound like a weird thing to
learn but for me actually is quite
central cause it I I think a lot about
Amazon and the way it's affected slash
destroy the book industry and the way
it's different relationships with
different parts of the book industry
have function and have been allowed to
function until I moved here I think I
really understood the service Amazon
provides like the gap it is trying to
fill because in London I am very spoiled
and you might get better deals on Amazon
but you definitely have the access to
all sorts of different things in London
you have so many different shops and you
have so much their walkable it doesn't
really take up too much of your extra
time but here you have to drive most
places and the shops are in either malls
or strip malls or spread out like
there's no hot the high street for
example doesn't exist here so I think
for me it's another lesson in
like long multiple year learning I've
had about being less judgmental it's one
of those things that has been helpful as
I go forward with my thinking about what
commerce should look like and what
bookshops can become like what is the
role of book shops in this economy I was
just wondering how you cope with moving
so far away from home I think I'm gonna
move away pretty far away for college
I'm freaking out so any advice so moving
to indianapolis the work because i did
last year and then moving for university
Oh at Jax University which is three
hours away by train were two completely
different types of moves to me
I think the University it was very
helpful but also very scary I was
realizing for the first time properly
that the world continues ticking on
without me purely because you spend the
time University and any go home and you
see all your friends and everyone has
all their different stories and their
different lives and the places that you
recognize will look the same yeah but
maybe slightly different immediately the
first time I went here we had that sense
of like oh no I need to catch up with
everything you need to keep up with
everything but then it just like chilled
out and I started to approach it with
this is just the way it's gonna be and
that's an amazing thing that I can have
my life over here and over here I think
it was good for me I think it put me out
of my comfort zone I think I learnt to
make friends in a different way than I
had made friends previously and I also
think it's helpful should you be
interested in moving other places in the
future like the fact that I moved to X
to the University and then moved to
Vassar College in New York for one year
my second year those are all incredibly
helpful in now being able to come here
and do this and that's not an
opportunity I would have given up for
the world so yeah I don't know it's uh
it's tricky and you have my sympathies
but I was generally saying just let it
happen go into it the excited Vassar
meet new people and when you your home
will always be there but also allowing
for the fact that it will change and the
people you interact with and people
you've grown up with will also have
their own little lives there in little
world is something to get excited about
I think not necessarily something to be
afraid of if you could bring build one
thing out that's what we teach each I
would definitely choose photo castle
castles and books for me
so intertwined Hogwarts and Kirin Island
and what's the other one I kept the
castle and I captured castle as well and
just I think that castles are really
cool and exciting spaces and a castle of
books would be pretty wonderful and I
struggle to it like even answer this
because I think that anytime you begin
to say something about being a woman it
kind of like essential Isis if so I
don't want to say that only the things
that I will mention are applicable to
women or men or non-binary people I
don't think that I kind of might be
tripping over my words right now because
I don't want to hurt anyone but from a
personal level I would say that many of
the women in my life have this wonderful
balance between being great listeners
I'm not even balanced because I think
they play on each other being wonderful
listeners and being very empathetic and
and being very considerate but then also
have this like core of proactivity and
pragmatism and like going into something
and having a strategy for it and it's
the tension between like this this small
I guess structured approach but then
also all of the things around it that
have this little like halo glow almost
that make the strategy possible and make
it possible to put all those things into
effect and that's something that I've
tried to emulate and learn from and kind
of put into all of my processes but it's
definitely something that I admire about
the woman around me
there's some men I know like that I
think I know more women like it rosianna
I was just wondering if you have any
tips on dealing with exempt hrus thanks
so much love you videos thank you
my tips to exam stress I don't know that
I'm the right person to ask about this
because if you look back to some earlier
videos I absolutely went bananas during
exams during secondary school Jane
University I got so stressed and I just
took it all on board but my my number
one tip for dealing with stress in
general is exercise and this is
something I think I tweeted about
recently because I think for a long time
people told me exercise you need stress
and exercise helps with anxiety and
exercise helps with mental health and
that was not something I wanted to
listen to your talk like I was
opposed to that I just thought it was a
very random aphorism but it actually has
proved so true in my life and that
exercise whether it's like running or
cycling or yoga or pilates whether it's
something that you follow along on your
computer and you do for like five 10
minutes or it's something that you go
for a class for or it's something that
you do for two hours on the first today
I think all of that contributes to
relieving exam stress the other thing I
would say is that you've got it you're
doing fine you care about it you're
studying but if you're looking for ways
to bury up your revision I would say
write notes out by hand and then type
them up that was something going over it
again and again was very helpful to me
and then also speak notes into your
voice recorder and your phone or your
computer and play them back to yourself
so you're not always staring at a screen
or a textbook and then the other thing I
did was make videos on YouTube again if
you go back there are videos on YouTube
about World War two poetry and World War
one poetry and about just geography in
general on my youtube channel from when
I was like 16 or something and that was
really helpful to me because explaining
something to someone else whether a
video format or a person and allowed me
to like have a better understanding of
the subject and feel more confident in
the subject so this is something that I
struggle with for such a long time I was
the queen of unrequited crushes but you
and a step further than I knew she did
you actually told someone that you liked
them and that is bravery is to be
commended I think like that is a
difficult thing to do and it's stressful
and when I do it I get nosebleeds so
it's it's impressive that you do it
realize that that person has also given
you the honesty and bravery that you
have given them and there is something
when we say like respect the know or
respect the other person you kind of
also have to respect their bravery in
their response and I know that's very
difficult and right now you probably
don't even want to think about it and
you just want to like sit and do the
television thing of eat ice cream and
feel sad and that's okay that's okay you
can feel sad but the mainly mindset is I
think doing yourself an injustice I
think you're hanging on to the idea of
something that could be and that idea
spirals into something
bigger it becomes the solution to
everything I would say well maybe
they'll change their mind or maybe
they'll break up with who they're with
and maybe and maybe and maybe and then
that will validate all of these horrible
things I'm feeling about myself because
I turn in and myself and that stuff
happens you have to know that you are
wonderful but you will also have so many
different people you will meet in your
life and you have so many different
exciting things to do with your time so
one of the most effective ways that I
deal with this is by being really
proactive in completely different
directions by going off and like taking
a spinning class or or working on a
massive project and just throwing myself
into something that maybe can help
express some of the things I'm feeling
but that will also take a time I feel
like maybes grow and festering sort of
empty time so whatever you can do to
fill up that time I think that's really
helpful but I'm really sorry that
definitely absolutely sucks so generally
my favorite drink across the board is
the gin and tonic it is basic and easy
and delicious and I love it I absolutely
adore it
except I will usually have when I'm
drinking at home a gin and tonic
sometimes I experiment if you follow me
on Instagram or in the house for hats
you'll see that I experiment with
margaritas and other cocktail that's
what I'm just like messing around things
that I find on food blogs and so on
because it's just a fun thing to do
especially when you live by yourself I
feel my time with a lot of projects too
and one of those products is cocktails
apparently but when I'm out and about it
really depends on what I'm doing in
which country I'm in and what kind of
things I'll find what kind of place it
is so if it's like really chilled long
evening with pizza and friends and
bonfires and so on my goat cheese drink
will usually be a cider just something
really easy to drink that's tasty and
that I'm enjoy and here I like angry
orchard otherwise when I'm out
especially someone that has
above-average cocktail and we usually go
for the margarita or something spicy or
something gin base but I will drink
pretty much anything I'm behind a West
Wing weekly I listen to winging it as
well I am trying to start my own podcast
for West Wing
but I've it's one of those things that
I'm just like Oh next Saturday I'll
record next Saturday record next
Saturday I'll record and my time is just
exploded but one day maybe ever summer
I'm going to try and do it I really want
to do it I feel like there's lots of
things I want to say about the West Wing
so watch this space
yay
albeit an elk on this year and I'm so
excited to be there had so much fun at
medical stories last year and I also
meet at VidCon this year and where else
am I going to be and probably gonna be
at 60 this year NH buy my ticket so I'll
just like wonder around I'm gonna be
there on the Friday and Saturday we're
not in Sunday because the Sunday I'm
going to give you cursed child I was
trying to get back in time for young but
I didn't my schedule this summer is just
a bit wild and what else am I going to
be out looking at Governors Falls so if
any of you are gonna be there just let
me know in the comments and I'm gonna go
see Ellie Goulding in two weeks I want
to go see hime in June it's a very very
exciting time for music I think I'm
gonna go see a whole thing in July I
just come here so lots of things going
on excitement everywhere but I will
definitely be at medical stories this
year I was wrong any of you have any
recommendations for like workout jams or
just regular pump up happy music so when
I work out I listen to a lot of Ellie
Goulding on my mind and burn and
everything can happen and goodness
gracious is my number one workout song
from Ellie Goulding I've also been
listening to that new Calvin Harris
Rihanna song and I've been listening to
cake by the ocean which is such a silly
song but it's so much fun today actually
I started listening to a lot of these
songs that I used to listen to back in
the day oh shut up and let me go by The
Ting Tings and as it seemed to you the
subways and then at least three times a
week my entire workout playlist just
Hamilton because it just distracts me
mouth and that's really what I want more
than anything when I'm at the gym I just
want to be completely distracted and I
can follow along with Hamilton and just
listen to it and it's great hi Rosie
Anna my question is what about living in
the u.s. feels most similar to living in
the UK like what's been familiar oh it's
hard to say what those are Mason that I
think that I don't know I don't really
have a good answer for that I think the
language is different I think the
day-to-day culture is different I think
people's interactions are different I
think the humor is different I think
just the way you approach things is very
different I don't know what feels on a
similar struggle I've struggled with
that if anyone else has done this
particular move let me know what you
think in comments how rosianna this is
not so much as a question as it is a
recommendation I highly recommend buying
this plant so oh oh but if a question is
what you need then I guess
I should've how do you keep an eye on
the little things in life that make you
happy
this is a great question not only
because of the softness of that plant
but also because this is something that
I'm really having to actively try to do
this especially in this election year
and also generally when I talk about
politics because I get really bogged
down in it and when I'm especially I'm
already feeling down it just makes me
sad and when I think about all the
things I'm sharing the world do I need
to share more things that make people
sad and I'm annoyed and more expression
of that anger or do I need to share more
solutions to that like that obviously
there's a place for both but what I
choose to put into things is very
similar to a lot of what I get out of
things so I'm trying to like tweet less
generally annoyed things and that's
something that is helpful for me just
kind of this self-awareness of how I'm
using my voice and my platform and what
it's doing to me and what it's doing to
my well-being when those moments of
happiness come through all those moments
where like the right song comes on it's
a sunny day and you're feeling really
good and you have a plan just really
treasuring it and then being sure to
share that moment is really helpful to
me like whether that's online or morphe
and they're not it's just telling
someone you know what I had a really
great morning I did this this and this
how are you good afternoon rosianna I'm
not the most important question in the
world but uh where would you travel to
if you could travel anywhere you having
trouble to yet but it's so difficult to
answer this question there are so many
places I want to go I'm gonna pick three
it'll be pretty cheeky one of them is
India like all of India really want to
visit have one to visit for a long time
so maybe someday I think we're just
going to do that and the second place is
Montreal which is somewhere where my dad
used to want to take us for a very very
long time now I live pretty close to it
so we'll see if that can't happen at
some point in the future the third one
is other Greek islands I went to Mykonos
after The Fault in Our Stars and had a
complete like shutdown relaxation trip
but I really want to explore the other
islands it has such wonderful time and
maybe go with a group this time rather
than going by myself for a refresh I'm
really sorry I can't get to everyone's
questions but I hope that gives you
an idea feel free to ask more questions
and comments and I'll dive in and answer
them and feel free to answer some of
these questions and comments for
yourself so yes that is it for now I all
speak to you very soon I hope I have
many videos planned as usual let's see
when they get time to make them I hope
you're doing well
I was featured very soon
let me go
