today is my dad's 70th birthday I
thought it wouldn't stain quite as much
so it does but it's as though I'm in a
vice and someone has tightened the lever
or like I'm trying to spell happy
birthday and I'm missing the Y nearly
five years on from his death I'm missing
a lot of y's still but filling them in
with berks he has eggers we lives weeks
like buttons like pencils a while ago I
started writing letters I'd never send
so it doesn't seem strange to me to
write to him today but it's the little
frustrations an absent letter and
envelope too small that lead me to feel
like a brat throwing a tantrum but then
we solved the problem we carry on CS
Lewis how often will it be for always
how often will the vast emptiness
astonish me like a complete novelty and
make me say I never realized my loss
till this moment but then zaidi you were
never stronger than when he land on the
other side of despair and borkus a man
sets out to draw the world as the years
go by he people's a space with images of
provinces kingdoms mountains Bay's ships
Islands fishes rooms instrument stars
horses and individuals a short time
before he dies he discovers that the
patient labyrinth of lions traces the
lineaments of his own face and rolling
to the well-organized mind death is but
the next great adventure I miss him I
want him back his birthday cake could be
a fire hazard but I will always have
books and I think that's beautiful
