okay look I'm gonna get right into this
I am alright the reason is guys I'm not
gonna sugarcoat this I'm gonna get right
into it we put a plow yes a plow on the
front of the Yeti yeah yeah a plow like
for snow but Logan it doesn't snow in
California
I'm airburst rubble it does where
mountains but Logan does the snow in Los
Angeles does its know where we live
you're Logan way would you need to feel
blue because you know what there is a
lot of things in my way so on the off
chance that it does snow we will have a
snow plow I figured if there's something
in my way like a trash can or another
car gently move them out of the way with
the snow plow we're going to pick it up
right now guys if you are not a part of
the lo que j'ai skirt make sure to
subscribe hit the button for me now that
my fight with ksi is over i am gonna be
producing a lot more content a lot more
different types of content i saw the
other day i got a a pig with my
girlfriend that was the thing
so yeah that's cool and also for all my
Mavericks out there baby team maverick
you know we reference the independent
ones
it's the ones who go right when they go
left they don't listen to the haters
they don't listen to people telling them
what the can I can't do can't be stopped
I'm just like to get this plow no
football back on slash shop or League a
prescription for the hottest off this
merch in the game I feel like I've
waited for this moment my whole life
Spencer Spencer are you ready my god I
see it I haven't seen the full plow yeah
shit I didn't see I didn't look at I
should also mention the plow was solid
solid investments oh let's do the also I
haven't driven or seen the Yeti in a
month now he gave it to these guys
before the fight so I'm kind of like
reuniting with my baby a little bit oh
my god oh my god this is stupid bro this
is the only word that I could use to
describe this with them before anything
gets plowed they just know it's the
maverick I'm gonna have a solid Wow when
I texted you and said we put a plow in
the front
I was I was joking but then you were
like yo we can do it I was like on board
could actually lift it with it it lifts
3000 pounds just as much as I can bench
gunner
this is a strong Wow oh my god they
might make it legal or illegal based on
my actions I don't see what we're gonna
do that will make it illegal how hard
can we run into something before it
breaks you think oh you can you pull up
that footage from yesterday Mike oh oh
this is either the best or worst
decision of my life it can push a car
apart oh my baby first up it's good to
see my baby yeah you know when you
haven't had sex in a while and then you
just like feel the love and warmth of
your partner for the first time like a
while
horrible comparison but that's what I
feel like now that's called muffler
lovin no I think I've seen it all I
needed to see here oh my go get some
things out of my way
thank you brother make sure nothing's in
my way ridiculous the greatest day of my
life got a pig the other day got a plow
today what other things with pecan I get
hey they're family watch out snow blow
hey Stacey
it's good thinking one of my way that's
all I gotta say look at this ladies guys
you ever got any snow let me know
telling you bro that's the tagline hello
everybody so let me know what about
having a plow on my truck is making me
so happy
okay we are back at the Maverick house
Chloe's here so I'm gonna go inside and
disappoint my girlfriend baby girl I
have something I think you're gonna
definitely hate do me a favor do me a
favor stand here and look it that way
so we weren't gonna shoot this we were
gonna go right into just hitting stuff
but like Halloween's coming up and Home
Depot apparently has an amazing
Halloween thanks guys make sure you
don't help it all soon just keep filming
I'm gonna have to mount it yep there you
go it's like this cart I like that noise
yeah
look ladies and gentlemen I have waited
my whole life for this moment but I just
don't know if the plow will hold up to
one of our major la snowstorm solo gang
we have brought the plow and the Yeti to
the wastelands of Encino to test just
how durable the plow is pull out through
that subscribe button we're gonna start
a little light with the little test
round I'm done talking
Wow
that was amazing okay that was
incredible uh I think it's time to add
things up a little bit
oh my god what happened here it looks
like a freakin Halloween war zone
yeah not the first time definitely will
be the last
Oh bro bro
we were almost impaled I saw Josh camp
lying on my face will make you 2d I've
not had that much fun in years
I saw we got a little damage on the
front but for the most part this holds
up you know why I like this if people
see a clean plow they're like ah he
doesn't actually like do anything with
it but if they see that it's like kind
of stuff they know so yo if you see me
on the streets if you see the Maverick
coming in Harlem I would thank you guys
for watching if you are not a part of
the low game make sure to subscribe and
join the Maverick bambam we do it
different we don't listen to the haters
we don't listen to the naysayers put
plows on our vehicles and hit Halloween
supplies from Home Depot thank you for
watching if you have now you got the
hottest stuff dispersed in the game make
sure to do so Logan Paul calm /sha and I
will see you guys for the next vlog take
it easy
Hey
