best decision I've ever made of my life
this is this is a classic case of am I
am I the right spot you know you go and
you buy pigs as one does and I feel like
it should be on a farm right a farm
maybe so they just grow the pigs in this
I don't know I don't know suburban house
how do they grow pigs in a suburban home
also have they ever had a vlogger just
start we got two cameras like they're
gonna be like you know what is it in
vlog camera YouTube what pigs here but
the only one that thinks is weird
honestly bro that's pretty weird I'm not
there with y'all no we don't even know
if we're gonna get one today it's like
oh I do smell that you just raised these
pigs yeah
they're exactly like dogs
Khloe's definitely be gonna be cleaning
up after the pigs I think I'm gonna
leave that up to her as you see we're
pretty messy bucket of water not even
sitting in it just sitting on the bobbin
for animals is honestly a dream come
true
piglet room oh no he's got a piglet room
are you filming the piece I'm filming
are you sure you're filming lambreaux oh
my god why are these not more common
pets sue then just go home to him oh she
likes a good buzz but look at sealove
'he's a good hit prescribed love you so
much already
we just have pickup like a sheriff
everyone dresses up that pays you can
paint their hooks no you can paint their
hopes I knew it I knew it
pigs are the new dog last question potty
training no what do you say dude these
pigs grow up to be the same size as
those ones not all of them there
is it true that pigs don't like to be
picked up oh my god she's a ginger dude
this is crazy the piglet room amazing I
believe mr. Chan there's a chance this
pig is smarter than me we both we both
said yeah like you don't feel like
you're forcing it you feel like no me
either you've watched a bunch of videos
or at least I did like pigs trying to
get picked up
none of them did Hey they hate you she's
cool with it she's totally cool that we
both held her big the excitement of us
doing stuff is on a whim yeah it's on a
whim it's fun to be spontaneous you know
that's why we're together okay okay
let's let's focus on how to take care of
the pig because we know nothing about
any of it I've been googling it and
weeds our first daughter I know
I yeah we gotta talk to the name for
this page do you hold that thought
I want to name the pig Pearl Bing that's
right that's right no that's right we
both thought a girl Bing Bing I but I
said we both thought of that name but I
said when we met her we just need to
spend some time with her just have an
open mind to a difference I just think
it's pearl Bing Bing but no but you're
right you're right we're not pearl Bing
Bing so here's the thing we're looking
at this pig here and she's so perfect
and stuff and we wanted a blue on a
buyer so if she's gonna have an
Instagram vibe in the next house that's
like pearl Bing Bing okay you got it
Chloe
we gotta Chloe listen everyone wasn't
everyone listen
oh my god
the dog again thanks hope to see you
soon
I think I think it was a good idea I
don't know what literally that's what
we're gonna find out in the upcoming
years and months ginger I look fat in
this big up not not for consumption
purposes of course this fat is cute that
is the new cute
big it's okay
no don't worry about it it's just me dad
load vlogger oh my gosh this is so
amazing
are you okay are you okay what does it
mean what does it mean
talk to me pig what are you saying it's
looking these first couple days might be
a little stressful for the pig I
remember when I got calling it was
pretty bad at first okay first thing you
got to do when you get a pet right get
pet supplies it's the most fun part it
really is we're gonna get maybe like an
outfit or something I'm thinking like a
sheriff's outfit well dude no one's
gonna expect us to be walking around
with the pig in encino watch out in the
car she was just cuddling with me and
now she knows that I'm I represent
safety for her and warmth and health and
so I think I'm definitely the better
parent at this point in their
relationship
we bought this pig just now I haven't
done to get girls boys ever let's get
her a pink elephant Spencer where you
grab that pink like this outfit says
little sweetie they might have to get
this it's pretty good oh my gosh it's
great look at how much fun this is
that's amazing more paid toys squeaks
what else could you ask for
pink harness cuz it's pink we got this
lease for the pig cuz it's pink
dude Chloe's got to be this pink pink
pig she's gonna be an amazing mom I
never split anything like joint with a
female
I meant joint like a pairing of I'm just
not cut out for this debt thinking you
grab that little pink bed right there
everything's me this is horrifying
not like I was pink kind of fits a
female thank you
I can't imagine having an actual
daughter realize this is kind of
horrifying part of me really hates this
cuz I just want to be getting footballs
and basketballs and fun things for voice
look at her she's just so laughs right
now she knows she's being a spoiled so
much right now
oh are you doing those because they're
pink ones percent
once for my house once for Logan's house
it's a dynamic pig life you know the
pigs gonna leave my house he's not
coming to your house
she's our pig
she's my Pig she's our on this game no
she's our Pig for sure but the thing
about your house is cemetry house oh she
loves you she just told me I don't have
a treehouse in mind let's take the pig
you might be falling asleep in my arms
her eyes closed I've ever made in my
life
you guys know who we talked about food
is I am starving
bacon anyone Oh could you just die with
the little ears so she's like a little
I'll fix you some eggs Allah it does
look like she has eczema I'm not gonna
hurt eaters are pretty pretty dry don't
you mean pick some up it's cool cos the
freckles right on her nose at the tip of
her nose and I also have a freckle right
on the tip of my nose yeah
it's like Andre he's too close yeah yeah
he was it's okay it's fine look we're
out the house I'm not gonna lie
introducing this pig to the dogs is
gonna be quite the thing this could be
the biggest moment of my life that's
what I that's what I was about to say
anyways guys I think I think I'm
actually gonna split this into another
vlog I know I know don't hate me but
we're gonna get this pig acclimated
introduced to the dogs are now gonna put
all their pink stuff inside so guys if
you're not a part of the logo make sure
to subscribe hit the button cuz we know
a pig in our family which is pretty cool
I don't know we're about to find all
this out okay guys we'll see you next
time I would plug the hottest softest
verse in the game it's being blocked by
the cutest pig in the world but guys
take it easy bamboo
I'm gonna need you to relax
