let me get this new room on the first
night in the Maverick mansion Palace
house its exact rendered how you feeling
French oh don't even answer bro coming
down hi hi how you feeling good I'm
feeling good how are you feeling good
bro just bought my first house it's
beautiful Mike my house has another a
guest house because I said why do you
what house where YouTube I'm not even
kidding little gang I blessed the house
last night but yo hey yo good morning
load gang was Bob so ok here's the thing
Brendan walk with me if you guys are new
to the channel hi my name is Logan Paul
it's a good time to be coming to board
hit the subscribe button for me smash
the butt and knock it out hit it in the
face dab on it okay today's the
beginning of a new chapter of my life
guys like I'm I'm an adult
she's out here we're all out here so
yeah I just I moved into this house
yesterday like we we don't know
basically anything about it but it's
pretty good about like as far as how do
you stuff like what to do what not like
we don't really have a filter and I do
it I think you can do it
I cannot imagine the adventures that are
gonna take place here actually wait yes
I can I'm gonna make them be a vlog
hashtag vlog like bro you wouldn't know
this vlog like ah something I forgot to
tell you we have a wine cellar w4 win
and wine and if you flip it upside you
know I know my girls like wine Watson
put it cellar in the house it's like a
little cave bro nice and classy ready
for some wine
Brendan if you like why you don't like
invisible wine good I still have a lot
of unpacking to do and by we I mean good
good good on you mate
like and subscribe well have a small
door whatever babe baby good that's good
we got the Challenger right here we go
we got everything but you know one thing
that we are missing roommate as having
you son of a bitch come back to Los
Angeles
we need you bro aren't you getting a new
roommate today oh yeah actually I
haven't broke we don't need you you can
stay with me just kidding bro I love you
but yes yes Brendan we are getting a new
roommate today oh you guys saw yesterday
there's extra rooms in the house more
than I know what to do i barely know how
to handle myself I don't even know where
my dog is I'm not used to we have a yard
I've been living in Hollywood my whole
experience in Los Angeles has been like
city streets ratchet-ass hos everybody I
never all neighbor jokes aside one of
the big reasons I got this house is like
the sound is constricted like everything
is it stays within here so when your boy
is screaming no one can hear me except
Brendan sorry Brendan Logan what's wrong
with your hair good question yeah we
just moved in you
no you wash them low I forgot my comb I
don't I can't locate it when that it
happens this happen hey it's me vlog boy
watch your left oh how about those red
lights anyways I'm that no there's a lot
of essential stuff we have to get I'm
talking about our Wi-Fi
speakers so we can through bangers in
the house I'm talking about dick and we
need what go that's it we're fine that's
all we need speakers put it back anyways
we're getting that stuff we also might
drop racks on laptops for these guys
these guys work off of rock and now that
the operation has become official
maverick enterprises slowly growing I
need to hook the team up so let's get
down I got my hair dyed yesterday does
this look any different right I looked
at me I was like damn I'm sexy but my
hair is the same come I did that happen
two hours ago yeah look like a big dumb
dummy bro that's not good cuz you gotta
look fresh for the music video on
Tuesday I'm talking that no handlebars
maybe music it's going down plus I got
the merchant yeah Logan bought cup size
shop listen what's a door it's talking
Wi-Fi we need the best Wi-Fi you have
but better those are gonna be around
like 6000 ceased my children on
technology of 2017 what is assistant
Lydia want small and light just like you
just like I said it before guys I'll say
it again when things are going well and
you're prosperous and fortune is you
read the wolf Bay because when one
member of the squad feasts go poof I'm
in Best Buy just being a vlogger hey I
do a row nice that's my boy oh we've met
little gangster yo how you doing nice
her name is Lily so Lily asked you she
told me two things
what did you say is that your good Giri
this is the Gucci yo Lilly knows she's
in the LA gang she watches the vlogs and
what was the second thing normally I
would today I can't cuz I'm a bit of a
mess but uh thank thanks for living
speaker oh these are like the speakers
you put throughout the house for the
ultimate rage fest but I'm looking here
look what since when did speakers become
flat and sexy right you could eat a meal
off this is going to aren't you probably
I don't know dude there's so many
options and freakin decisions I have to
make in this store don't mind me
everybody sorry
that's a box talking to about how many
employees does it take to carry local
Paul speakers just a lot of stuff oh so
there goes my mortgage for the first
month that's how you make good decisions
kid oh wow okay that's okay bangers bro
- bangers so while she's doing this I
feel like it's a good time to plug the
Merc I don't even need to say it's the
hottest person game it's to stop this
merchant game y'all no idiot Logan Paul
cop slash like every time you buy
something expensive you plug the
merchandise because after because I
realize I'm running out of money it's
the whole gang just know I appreciate
you but honestly it's stupid
hope this goes through I just bought
that like $12,000 with Gucci
your life's tough spending money
oh my god what I actually stopped what
what did you do who forgot maverick
we've gotta get maverick he's still at
the other place there's nothing else in
the other place oh thank you guys I have
to go oh honey no we didn't move
maverick yesterday we so oh I know what
happened I know what happened they
packed up his portable cage and so he's
in his big cage and we couldn't fit it
anywhere we were gonna put him in the
moving truck and I didn't have his
portable cage to fit him in that hole oh
come average if you're watching this bro
I'm sorry
thank guy guy we gotta go save battery
okay okay tag me out looking for oh no
no we were doing so much stuff and we
were moving in with God
oh it's nice like yeah like really are
you ready to see your new home bro oh
hello good thing I'm freaking yo cuz
this thing is bulky broke ass maverick
you're lucky I spoil you bro what you
talking stop all right I think we're
good let's go back to the play
welcome to the new crib magic one day
this could all be yours actually today
it is cuz its ride come check out the
backyard dude look at it maverick
it's your Big Bang where do you think
this is good right yeah look at the
brothers say what's up at the new crib
it was poppin wrong it's maverick we
brought him here oh he doesn't care okay
yo I know for a fact the new roommate is
almost here are you ready oh he's not
telling me who it is
you'll know you'll know when you see a
gang you'll be like I should have
guessed that yeah low gang that's right
Brendan is the new roommate I feel like
I feel like you guys should have known
that probably yes yeah anyways bro um I
got you a housewarming gift yeah it's
your big day it's your big day
I got you a brand new I feel like I just
saw yeah yeah you did yeah anyways guys
yeah brendan is the new I just like
combined and Brendan and Brandon is it
six months yeah yeah I mean I know your
name hmm
so Brandon's moving out today I'm happy
to have you in the house I think Cong is
happy you're calling you like Brendan
okay well oh no that's good that's a
good sign friend so it's official okay
we have three people living in the
Maverick house me my man brendan and
Edvin who by the way is coming back
tonight
to be able to say what's up dude freaky
replay we decided the time we went to
the store we got some household items
but yeah just he's I knew he's our new
roommate okay well like and subscribe
rest in peace Brendan I've never seen
you look so responsible as you do right
now where is your dog I haven't had the
pup you guys know Aria who poops and
pees everywhere where's that animals
still at a low Wendy when you plan on
bringing that dog back yo we got Barbara
I'll do it dogs everywhere like bro if
you don't peace one time in my house
what I didn't stop killing people you
can't just kill people bro I need to
blow I'll okay that is the blog I'll say
it again this is a new chapter in all
three of our lives now like big things
are gonna happen we have space to just
do the craziest of things trust me we
have plenty of ideas now that my man's
is back and exploring the house he go
get ideas to help me get a giant pumpkin
and I live in it you would live in a
giant pumpkin Wow John Friday's vlog
giant pumpkin with Evan inside low gang
if you have not kept your maverick merge
do so the movement is becoming a
revolution is becoming the way we think
and act every single day that maverick
squad that maverick mentality you can
get it and look and Paul Keim slash shop
or link in description not a softest
merch on the game and if you're not a
part of the low game make sure to
subscribe hit the button for me uppercut
it in the face or if you're a band choke
it out and kill it I love y'all I'll see
you tomorrow
take it easy man peace out of my I just
