Mero this is a big deal I don't know how
to say this but it doesn't all get
moving you know why thank you no I just
I'm a blogger you know ya know their
daily it's everyday but I just want that
good audio anyways no no I'm mad at you
bro oh you know why look at what this
kid did to me last night you see the
angle bro I can't even see cuz there's
no freaking back of my neck Evan
scratched me will they call me out
sometimes they like have to be dressed
it was an accident we were wrestling you
haven't scratched my name only like the
worst part about it bro is it like
actually hurts I'm in pain like I move
my back in the light that's what you get
when you get in our store brand diamonds
for my on rolling store bread top row I
could be wrong and thinking the diamonds
are diamonds pal and unless you have
someone going anyways guys I have to go
I'm going through George's house right
now our Wi-Fi it's horrible I'm
uploading my phone footage of George's
so let's do it
oh yeah one thing I learned last night
rozhenko two things that don't mix
alcohol and dwarf ah did this yeah Bo we
were wrestling like we always do and he
went way to already took me around the
neck it I like that bro just I was just
uh just doing this sex and they're just
Wi-Fi okay things moving faster the guys
now going to a meeting with who is that
guy oh yeah y'all know manager dad I
dude y'all I'm hungry are we gonna eat
somewhere right over here okay yeah I
like food okay so looking something you
may be thinking where's Brendon why are
you um selfie vlogging today my man's
been grinding for a while he's been
working hard it's just oh look it's a
Saturday so I gave him the day off to
relax chill vibes max whatever he wants
to do anyways I'm with my boy and it's
time to smile these look so good right
now Jeff you did it right with the
shameless
you know somehow are y'all in school you
sold the back-to-school daivam here yo
wait hold on speaking of merger with the
red man ravinok and the hat your chicken
that's how you know where boys bro I
don't think the red Phoenix are out dude
I don't think I don't know anything they
are there now right there comment to
come if you guys haven't swooped the
hottest merch in the game y'all know
where to get it Logan Paul comma / Thank
You Lincoln by oh you know okay
let's talk business managers yesterday
with lawyers investment bank yeah great
I'm bored already that's that's enough
business for me okay okay good meeting
good business stuff we're taking over
that's a fact navigator it's no joke bro
the Mavericks frickin chicken up however
it's something not-so-good happened that
we just talked about I feel like I
should have addressed this already with
you okay so as you guys know I just
bought me a house not yet not yet
apparently okay so this this is what I I
debated bringing this up but I just
didn't because I wanted to get excited
about the house of the facts of life if
okay you I'm gonna try to explain this
tell me if I'm correct yeah since I'm
dropping a lot of money into this house
and it's awesome we had inspectors come
to see if the house is up to par and
everything's okay with it it was built
this year no one's ever lived in it so
we just wanted to make sure that
everything was working okay everything
is not working okay most of it is
working okay but not all of it and
especially some super important or
advisors that are giving us all the help
are saying that we may have to walk away
from that
it sucks the house is so cool but there
are some like houses it's like extremely
improper structural faults and all we're
asking for is like the correct
information but we're not getting so
it's like you just trust that it's gonna
work and everything's weak because yo if
I'm standing unless this is an example
if I'm standing on my second floor and I
pull my car into the garage and it skin
collapses great vlog great content
thumbnail clickbait Idol but not good in
real life because it just buttocks yeah
or if the pool just happens to like
collapse which is another actual issue
the skin like the pool is built wrong my
pool can't collapse I got a push shark
in there that is that gonna be a luck
bro I'm getting kicked out of my place I
plan on moving straight into the house
I'm gonna be homeless both the Mavericks
gonna be almost by your merch I mean I
really looked at rentals they'll be
rentals and we'll buy a house I mean
this is an investment this is something
that's gonna be I can't buy a skin bunk
ass house no I gotta tell Evan we're not
moving this house back home
evan is not gonna be happy but to
lighten the mood a little bit I have the
merch can in here with a fake Kong at
the end of it there yeah it's identical
to real Kong as you can see uh he
doesn't like fake on okay haven't I have
something to tell you gaming what gaming
what aiming games what games see you are
gaming games told you why you know imma
go tell maverick ever he's not gonna be
happy
wish me luck really awkward angle the
money is in a place called escrow
looking of escrow meeting it's sitting
there and we're waiting for the deal to
close contingent upon still like all the
goings titties also look look maverick
look um going great great sex oh you
don't believe me uh why would you not
believe me like what is there to know
what because you could you not that I
might okay also how are you it's good to
see you call definitely my boy I know
why are you so cute cause don't you
definitely talk about Kong stuffed
animal maybe would you guys be into this
is comedy gold
oh yes where is that young savage boy
run run this is why bro you gotta
realize if you want to get a dog you
gotta let me play with his socks my dog
will be a lot of doing not call but he's
calling the SAP by the way ever can I
tell you the thing now are you done
gaming games
you know what actually you do much
scuttle our lovely becomes r-rated with
my friends the nipples here I'm gonna
make you wait now first year I'm gonna
hold you in suspense but just know it's
big the girls know Danny
we are the girls it really expensive but
no not the girls tell me no you're just
gonna have to wait I'm gonna go back in
my games if you come in and interrupt me
with its bullsh try to cut your legs off
even to be my height no maybe pretty
funny his doors no what is this for you
does the red mean oh yeah you just are
me crawls across the field of broken
play that war commitment to see you more
good to see you bro how you doing Logan
haven't proved that you love me get your
ass in here so this is a bit awkward not
for us think for Jonathan over there
he's a magician he's gonna do a cool
trick what he's gonna do a cool trick I
like magic like this awesome are coming
next cabin you had a girl over last
night oh yeah great sex great sex great
sex he's lying I scratches it oh damn oh
whoa look it's the Maverick at and it's
maverick and it's the maverick painting
Danny no but if he does I'll make sure
to video it'd be great content anyway
Jonathan tell me about yourself bro
you're from New York
whoo and I'm about to blow your mind
Logan already blowing my mind
bonad oh I thought my team was dope got
the freakin maverick pendejo I had that
fur coat baby this that cotton we're one
big happy family man I think we're ready
for another let's have another one
oh snap bro the squad's going down
monster damn you looking good on that
have a ball going back with like a
savage yo this is a weird vlog guys
don't be vlogging he's just in the first
row
we got bro Yuma maverick
I appreciate that kid Jonathan Ive
brought us to this place called the pie
hole because it reminds me of the word
asshole now that's comedy gold Jonathan
let's see your trick let's do this
heaven can you shuffle it for us yeah
you got a week shuffling what a big the
funny thing about this now is that mark
has a big hand but a little bit sparse
he heard me to get any card you want
that Logan you take it out oh god don't
tell me that card is epic bro I'm gonna
go ahead and sign the card Oh chips are
ugly signature how about this is my card
right here I'm gonna push it down yet
yeah another shuffle with big head mark
wow you blow my mind already blowing my
mind here's what I'm gonna have you do
I'm gonna go inside this shop right here
you spread the cards up against the
window okay I'm up against the window in
a circle about this big my legs are
going inside nothing no sleeves nothing
boy what's he doing Oh easy bus my dad
says he could sue you put him in a
circle mark there's Jonathan Oh what is
he about to say are you ready no wait
wait wait you're a wizard Harry your
grandma is my new best friend
welcome to the low game yeah
if you were like five to seven years
younger I'm gonna even make my
girlfriend grandma honestly she was just
like five to seven years like I think
it's time bro ready for the news take a
seat
much better okay marks here so I'm going
to use his reaction to get views as well
yeah this is a big deal but it doesn't
know what you new logical explanations
for it's not vast but all of my own skin
necklace and a Rolex it is that I've
really just hidden Rovia maverick baby I
said that we're literally the builders
are like not wanting to like fix this
stuff that's wrong with the house and if
we do is gonna cost like a lot of money
this is like we got better things to buy
like necklaces watches men freaking cars
and like planes before I bought the
house I was debating buying a plane
instead I will have a plane one day
though but yeah looks like we're almost
again I'm not saying there's no chance
but I'm saying it's possible that we are
you just saying this for click me know
so you're saying there's a change marks
there's no chance there's still a chance
yeah why is this exactly moving yeah I
don't know he's got he's got funny guy
having good anyways yeah that that was
the thing oh brother
hey can I talk to you like that for sure
snows everything always like tries to be
in the ball yeah found that fun
I know another like he's funny he's
still there freaking weird it was a
weird day to plug tomorrow emerge you
you buy the merge Logan ball cops last
shot be a maverick how does merch in the
game
say goodbye to you left nut
