What's Up mr. right don't worry about it
I got it right now let me see that bad
boy let me see so long like a giant
spoon but a ton I'm scooping around this
morning I feel a little goofy little
tired but it's a good time to say if
you're not a part of the low game make
sure to subscribe yeah we are the
fastest growing channel on YouTube and
the strongest family on YouTube and the
best ever done so yeah hit the subscribe
button ok in a few days as you all know
your boys going to Burning Man if you do
not know what that is LP is gonna show
you in about two days I think oh boy
also the tongue has not changed yogi how
that's what I've been saying
oh alright okay so mouth cool happened
this morning I actually shaved my chest
but not freakin landing strip oh nothing
says I get out here bro like a landing
strip damn bro look at this man lay off
if there's any aircraft in the area in
need of an emergency landing I got you
also good morning neighbors our if
you're looking at my skin and it's
blinding you just to pay a white boy
from Ohio with a big dick
wait what 700 hello hey
Yass Yass voices whoa whoa why something
your name's Deborah you've been a smoker
for 50 years no good no good do you want
to work out know something what just
remember my flashback I'm like you could
just pull the trigger
oh no it was me bro I'm sorry I
genuinely was effortless no don't give
me that look I really am sorry
well I got your new pair headphones
actually got them like two days ago bro
I got them the same day I broke them I
forgot to give them to you but now you
have all the plates you watch my blog
hear this in your memory if you come to
my house and we throw you and you don't
break here to take you oh yeah anyways
to do this number four I just smudged a
little bit but it said runway oh I'm in
a landing strip it's a runway look you
can land something watch
my man Brendan it's good to see you
exciting news my man Evan is so oh it's
his big day I'm a purple car right here
but yo I'm not driving guess who is I'm
late cuz you to this well don't be so
pissed one thing you need to know about
me bro I'm never late to anything all
right
I want to say something see this
Kellogg's cinema frosted flakes you guys
owe me money you need to start paying me
to plug your cereal I'm not making I'm
just saying I really like I can make a
fortune
whoa whoa
places to pee do you know if we're late
at this point it's your fault how does
it - you're in control you could be
running these red lights and stuff for
your choosing
ooh be like 20 minutes ago be like no
you always always the dwarf edition this
is what heaven looks like you give me
the most guttural like from the heart
laughs I didn't even know I had that
till I discovered you
is that the first instinct I can tell
that was sarcastic
that was your fault scream out babies
all the time
nothing winning there would be no
problems get one thing straight I won I
never scream okay and you have no
evidence to prove that Idol aspect don't
flashback
don't don't find nobody did nobody did
it you already did it oh you did oh you
passed it
you passed it yeah we made it thanks
guys for watching driving with like I'm
sending my child after school for the
first day all right guys let's go back
home to uh to juggle and I know what
you're thinking Logan don't you mean
snuggle and that's because I have with
me my man he's nothing why he's nothing
no no I didn't mean snuggle could you
juggle for me yeah he juggles bro this
is juggling Josh and that's him Jake
over there all right so remember last
time where you threw me apples I was
juggling knives I slice them I do
remember that flashback I just got
approved by Guinness to set the world
record for most apples sliced while
drunkenness the beer no no give us the
world records oh let's go let's go
actually right now we're gonna be cold
world record is a two person records to
your throne oh my god you're throwing
the Abo's bro add to the resume blogger
Josh actor entertainer Tosh will like
her owner Josh douchebag egotistical
mean Hodgman psycho douchebag world
record holder blogger
like and subscribe world record here my
bad
why would we break all the records the
world
come I want you to kiss me on my mouth
that's my problem this is why I got a
move bro what do you say pissing off all
the neighbors look what's his deal
are you good bro are you embarrassment
your wife is apologizing for you what'd
he call me a squid wait I like that I
think I must heart saying that equal pay
you look yeah you're a squid I got the
knives we've got the apples the current
world record is 13 apples in 30 seconds
so we need to get to port speed that's
really math actually fact we can you got
Oh
oh you chewing on an apple back then I
was throwing the apples guys I wanted it
like to be like what oh but I just had
to focus to see you wanting to celebrate
what you were I know I was a sweet law
feel so stupid like that Australian got
to get to knew I had this car over here
though me like wait what that's the
coolest plug of everything I don't know
how to describe this but for the next
record imma break balloons with a
pineapple while we're blowing them up
bro these balloons are ghosts popping I
gotta make a call I actually don't have
to make a call I just I forget it was a
good time to plug my merch the hottest
mercs in the game babies the this logo I
swear to god guys is changing the world
just a revolution if you're not a part
of that yet if you're not being yourself
being different oh good ghost pops ghost
pops I'm telling you worried about if
I'm gonna look
/ shopper Lincoln display goes pops get
it while your care let's go try to break
another world would you describe it as a
ghost pop like one on the left is
looking like it will sauce oh you ghost
bro and then cross it out why did you
look at the bottom Oh what the fuck
so we'll have to skip the pineapple
world record but I think we can set our
own world record I hear you love
breaking plates me no I just
I've seen you briefly I personally I
broke ins your lash back no no no I can
already have the one who controls the
flashbacks on my vlog yeah it's done but
I love breaking plates let's make it a
world record I so the beauty of setting
a world record is you get to come up
with all the rules and just do basically
whatever you want you don't hear the
rules for this well I'm gonna break ten
plates but I'm gonna have both hands
behind my back and I'm wearing most
Gucci Gucci slippers are part of the
world record yeah you have to be wearing
Gucci slippers not everybody can afford
Gucci slippers just become a youtuber
adsense is fire right now three two one
oh that's gotta be a new world erection
okay I caught myself be a maverick it's
just bleeding I'm like a Gucci slippers
that's the last thing I wanted to happen
today Josh I woke up and I was like man
I don't want blood am I good yeah but no
like I was telling you I haven't I
haven't broken one plate right good
collapse fun times I got some manner of
mercy you've got just the classic thank
you plug your show go and take this time
to plug channel mobium Paul blocked
Logan Paul go bucs Logan Paul calm slash
shop with slash blog subscribe subscribe
to that channel that you just heard I
will see you guys
yeah I'm just kidding about that their
channel link is in the description but
I'm kind of tweaking about some rice
come just FaceTime me and I'm not even
kidding when I say this he had a gun in
his hand and Evan was next to him bro
what with yeah with duct tape over his
mouth and banks was there they said they
said Logan you first stop they kidnap
Evan dog and I'm not even like I'm not
even like like this literally just
happened he said if I don't come in an
hour to his house bring the clothes
exchange the clothes for Evan you say
should I just not go what do you think
what yeah we should definitely go but
also I saw this bro I didn't know why I
didn't see this well they straight-up
stalked evidence and he kidnapped a
decimal skimpole does my boy if any was
my point is gonna be
my blood is boiling right now we are
about to pull up to write this house
straight up I'm not messing around
we're to have a get you remain calm
What's Up mr. right don't worry about it
I got it wrong portraits I got this up
thanks bring the J so I need those back
you betrayed me bro easy easy I'm just
gonna put this down and you send that
over all right by the way I like that
shirt right
yo so that was crazy bro yeah what just
happened I have no I don't know bro
reducer rice face on me after my acting
class I told you I told you get it over
I was literally in the process of
calling you and calling you oh really
and then they pull it up and were like
yeah love you send us instead no oh
we're beefing right now and the Buddha's
gonna continue but you're good right
they didn't like no one touch your
butthole or anything no we play food Did
you touch their buttholes for anybody
who's touched
no no bottles touch that's good
well I think all right I don't know all
right dr. Matt stay in there say boss
first time I'm sitting down okay
did you're the worst passenger driver of
all time yeah but I'm the best screamer
your driver you never give directions
and and I got my Jays back
thank God got me my maverick Jays back
that's all you cared about with the Blue
Jays
no bro you were my numero uno priority
the chase was just a bonus oil is in the
back here so tell them what numero uno
means yeah number one yeah I knew that I
knew what that man already okay that is
the block can I just come here bro I'm
sorry dude at the end of the day and
even at the beginning of the day bro I
love you straight up this ball game is
dangerous it's bro it's a dangerous game
this is the second time I've got kids
everywhere the kidnapper okay I'm gonna
I'm gonna I'm gonna not part of the lo
game make sure to subscribe hop and
we're live we're Mavericks get your
merch Aloha mother comes last shuffling
in description I love y'all I'll see you
tomorrow take it easy bad by the way
we're going to Burning Man tomorrow
think easy man booth well you was gonna
throw me well hit the camera that time
you good
what are you gonna drive yeah
the pedal extensions yeah imma use my
feet what
