so mad right now where I just wanna
roast them but I'm gonna go off the
basketball goals and the rules of that
is for strikes and you're out and I
believe he's a three-strike so Logan no
no no Logan now you're running okay what
about then it's okay guys yet another
good day here Logan ball right now
currently yelling and screaming in order
to try to trick myself to think of a way
deck down that Murch feeling good
feeling like I said there's no compile
flash yeah join the movement baby
movement of Mavericks everyday we were
out here changing the world that's the
universe and today here's how I am going
to start to do that it is like 8:15 a.m.
just watch the solar eclipse in
Tennessee we got back to Los Angeles
from Tennessee last night figured I'd
wake up early go get a quick workout in
the fuck where's he at
where's my guy hello hello Larry Conda
Savage good morning how are you Bobby I
love that dog I really do have one more
thing here we go
yaryi okay now let's go work out
yeah back at the crib I'm up boy want
some attention hi how you doing come
dougie oh well he can stand for a while
though I'm impressed he said dog
that's my boy that's awesome my boy
Monty maverick are you doing buddy no
I'm good I'm good no I'm sorry Kong is
just all up on me hi oh my god I got I'm
so sorry I try not to just constantly
film Kong cuz I could record him all day
and it would be hilarious right now he's
chewing on one of Mavericks feathers hey
that's not yours and also that's your
brother so if you could just put that
down
okay I'm sorry maverick he doesn't mean
it buddy and he doesn't I promise first
item in the agenda we have to go to the
camera store and return this $14,000
lens I got ya to record the solar
eclipse vlog that we made the other day
except if you guys remember it doesn't
work it lenses like breaking your sub
Renan what's happening bro it just says
it won't communicate with this camera 20
minutes before the Eclipse I just have
one question are you good anyways I also
got Brendan he's right there I do a
Brendan sitting in the back why dude bro
is you're like what why is that lens up
there and I'm in the back is your lens
worth $14,000 Ben
no that's why I don't know we went to go
record the moon covering the Sun and you
just stop the work it stopped working
and I like I got depressed for like a
solid two minutes so yo I'm not sure
what that guy was saying I don't know if
he doesn't like believe me dawg it
didn't work bro are you so don't know
getting sawed anyways we also picked up
some lights for the most prime ultimate
vlogging y'all seen it Logan Pablo
headed back to the crib oh I gotta get
some food y'all driving this car makes
me miss the yeti bro
oh yeah god no that was weird but yeah
anyways guys I'm hoping I get the Yeti
back in like two weeks or so I'm getting
a lot done to it and then fixing the car
cuz that crazy lady ran into it you know
you hit me pretty hard right there that
was an issue that's tough because the
parts for Mercedes cars come from
Germany got it got it
International shipping and blah blah
blah but as long as I keep smiling
everything's gonna be a-okay took our
burritos thank you you guys heard when
you open the door bro my stomach growl I
feit it was right next to the microphone
I feel like you could hear it oh we got
mail
what do you have I got pedal stiches
pedal extensions whoa I always see since
cars aren't made for dwarfs yeah these
attach the gas and brake pedal away so
you can drive any car you could drive in
LA now yes bro we go we don't put Evan
in the Yeti that's computer Oh we are
about to eat the Chipotle but yo I have
a little Chipotle this is not a
brand-new by the way Chipotle you are
welcome I got a little lunch pull a
trade secret I want to share with you
guys I'm a big guy this is a fat burrito
like this is as big as Evans forearm I'm
not even kidding bro it's it's bigger
than your forum this is not a dude
here's why okay listen I haven't told
this to you guys yet but I think it's a
big bitch you can order a burrito called
the quesarito they put cheese on the
burrito and then put your stuff inside
that burrito dawg it's like are you
comprehending this loading this is the
stuff that changes the world which
brings me to my next point Evan as you
know bro we're getting this new house
how the fuck are we gonna eat dude do
you cook no I can barely reach the stove
as is the
I I can reach the stove and I can assure
you I cannot cook Brendan and I have
been talking bro I think we have a
solution we have a room open F so like
what if we recruit a roommate who can
cook
that'll be Liddy tittie we say that on
my vlogs wait a second can we Logan
Queen yeah we could say Liddy dude yeah
yeah he's got to be like a big Samoan
that we know knows how to cook like a
Samoan a Hawaiian possibly a Jamaican
guy he's got to have a Jamaican accent
and he's got to give us advice bro just
like a down-to-earth guy who would be
like Aloha but I mean if you follow the
waves you will find the sea that doesn't
make any sense that's why we need him
bro exactly
might make it difficult because one of
our requirements is like he's got to be
at least 300 pounds hundred percent I
think I know you do great you call him
and you get his I hear so yo I'm
starting to open these packages that we
got in the mail check it for a Brendon
it's for me for when you were forced to
sit in the back of the Yeti this will
cheer you up
sharing with the front row lifesavers
ready yeah that is not a life savers
Brandi a life savers you're welcome what
else you got bro mac and cheese classic
mac and cheese that's not a brand new
look you're welcome Dawg this whole fog
is just a frickin branching now I'm
brother I'm hitting Brandi with all this
stuff oh oh
bro bro it's a plate it's a plate but
bro it says it manages lately pictus
another smash this plate plate yo c'mere
Brendon should we do it on three yeah
one Lydia's not here today I gave her
the day off
would you mind cleaning up this plate
this is why I like he's a good dog he
really is twelve seconds later
take that back Kong did not follow
through go this sobs dude bro is it
possible that this Samoan guy we get who
cooks for us also knows how to sweet
added to the requirements yeah three
hundred pounds and you gotta know how to
sweep and cook we're gonna find you
we're gonna find you fat Simone oh my
god we went
to the mission ahead guys I have
received a lot of care packages but yo
this is a good one 150 you good bro
surveys for urgent or emergency
situations holy you good brothers so
many of them go real quick real quick
one second you know I thought I'd be
done this keeps getting better and
better so we look at this Brenden found
this actually we're like what is this no
there's a little note on the back it
says saying this out loud is is quite
funny this is the quarter that was stuck
in my throat oh okay
how does that I got a Hot Wheels stuck
in my throat one time wait really come
here how did it happen bro actually I
was a little kid boy doesn't think make
any sense all right
you sent it bro the girl that sent us
that package got us this little rope for
Kong - he loves it bro two hours later
this is this is scaring me a little bit
I think there's only one thing to do man
there you go coffee see you good bro
survey got 150 of them just fill it out
let me know when it's done
so I feel like this is a good time to
bring up I bought these pillowcases in
the mail here they're body pillow cases
actually if you look at that guy that's
a picture of me actually and on the
other side just for good measure I put a
shirtless picture of me there's a
special reason I got these actually it's
for my roommate Evan sometimes when I'm
not around I know he gets lonely so I
figured he could put these on all his
pillows and just so I'm always sleeping
by it next to him with him it's kind of
awkward now but let's go see you about
the survey oh well we got calling you
done I'll check it what are you writing
you dog bro and he circled yes make
sense one thing I do need for the body
pillow cases is body pillow so we're
gonna head to the store right now and
and and get get those this looks like a
place I want to be oh my my dirty
clothes now that's that's necessary for
life rope they also got held a body
pillow let's look at this what car what
do you think everybody
yeah yeah yeah yeah that looked that
looks oh yeah he laid down bro hundred
percent that's Kong approved that's my
boy you get a body fill it for it for my
body I know you had a bro
yeah you can't you can't fool me I sweat
I've got 360 degree turn away x-ray
vision
that's not possible you know what's not
impossible Evan come here hey hey
newsflash come here yeah here's
something you may not know lo gang i'ma
head over to the Google machine do doors
have nice day it's time to smooth I told
you to keep it secret mm-hmm I just
exposed I'll be back
we got here you good
1/2 oh I get it ok you know what's
supposed to me he said 1/2 I know for a
fact you go look Evan body pillows my
face on it shirtless to know Stefan what
are you doing oh yeah I guess while
we're at it
stupid looking Paul you suck I hope you
die I hope you talk forever he's blaming
it on his fat ass Wow I mean whom he
does have a fat booty though he's got a
dog for sure hey I'm appalled I would be
goal douchebag but I shouted that it was
it bro I lost 20 pounds Akane I love it
what do you want from me Evan are you
trying to hurt my feelings I got you
this as a gift so you wouldn't be long
whatever I'm gone I can always be by
your side always wants you there just
you huh that's my boy
so guys going to record another song in
a little bit I've been on some throat
coat tea and a protein jar bottle glass
cup let's go to you because like it's
good to have those golden vocal cords
but also like I'm still a man who with
muscles and stuff yeah look at me
anyways I came across some YouTube
videos I do YouTube there's this guy his
name is rights go ahead you guys no rice
go maybe that's not a roast it was a
dick it's not a roast here's why I bring
this up I've been like a token or I scum
in my videos like I'm him like sneak
dissing rice a little bit and he yeah he
caught on he noticed it and he made a
response video today so here we go I'm
gonna watch his this video a little bit
and yeah
are you crazy
I don't know rice let's look let's go
historical YouTube
Jake Paul puts out of this tract called
the low gang sucks or something and then
I have to respond I have to bro and I
Bryce I don't know the line I just go
all out bro like I I roast myself every
day I take it too far like I got my
brother's ex-girlfriend and put her in
my dish track video that's stop bro how
would you see you read and I got so what
angry so I did it but I get what he said
he's saying if I roast him one more time
he's gonna he's gonna make a diss track
against me I get it I don't know why I
sneak this him easy easy humor
subscribers likes I don't by the way the
one on the porch didn't count that was
like just that's that's not a big you
guys know risk um is and if you didn't
now you do so let's see do I got one
strike left before right this is big bro
oh I got oh yeah guys think I should
take that strike okay I'm gonna leave
this up to you guys okay if this video
gets 1 million likes and 1 million
comments I'm gonna take that strike rice
and there's gonna be a battle of the
distress oh oh I don't want to unleash
the beast
- Brian I don't do this tracks I do kill
traps if there's one thing you should
know you don't with the low gang guys
I'm not gonna lie rice is my boy like I
don't I don't wanna roast him I'm gonna
stay in life if it happens happens you
know for YouTube drama just like
justjust no rice this is kind of just
for you bro I'm not good at holding back
I'm just that's why I said I'd do kill
trap if you guys remember I went to the
Super Bowl with rice gum and summer I
stayed in the same house we partied
stuff there's a good time but apparently
I've been left with one strike that's
why I'm not gonna leave it up to me
Brown this is on you guys the Logan
mm-hmm at the why don't we house but as
usual you're the gog boys aren't here I
know what you're thinking guys no I'm
not gonna make that stupid joke anyways
guys it's time for you boy to go record
another hit song though this one is
called I think it's called just bought
me a house do you mean you think it's
called you wrote it yeah it's called
just bought me a house because I did
that just bought me a house not this one
about this one I wish I I'm not even
kidding I asked to buy it like at least
10 times I'm like yo just put a down
payment I got you didn't sell me this
house but our songs still gonna be a
little max you're just saying I don't
belong I'm not a singer bro but I'm
still gonna make them hit I'm not gonna
lie guys this song could be good Matt
there's just a certain energy around
this song and it's so true and pertinent
to my life cuz I did just buy me a house
fact so let's get got bored ya guys have
said this before singing and making
music for me I'm not a singer but I'm
gonna do my best I do my damn best as
usual I'm gonna give you guys a little
sneak peek of the song at this point I'm
aware I've done this a lot you have out
of my hair that we made undress me this
won't take very long and now just bought
me a house well that's just for just
bought me a house and you're building up
you know that's how he P works but y'all
okay
it's a dude that's a hit and that's a
fact before I go the boys actually came
back they all went to sleep except Jack
lucky kid lucky kid I got a gift for him
actually hi jack is a gift for you
there's me on a body pillow so you can
sleep with me right by your side and if
you ever want to make direct eye contact
with me you can literally posted my car
up in the middle of this hill right here
because I'm thinking I am so lucky that
I am able to create art every single day
and have an audience you guys the low
gang absorb it and receive it like it no
no no that you love it I'm gonna wake
the neighbors up and get the cops called
on me but the point is guys I I'm just
I'm very blessed and I'm thankful and I
just thank you to you guys I know this
is a weird moment I don't know why I'm
doing this right now but just know I
appreciate you guys that was really
cheesy well anyways guys if you're not a
part of the low gang make sure to
subscribe we are extremely only atop
your maverick merch go out be different
be unique be passionate do what you need
to do to accomplish your goals I promise
you guys nothing can stop you if you
actually believe in yourself because uh
I do okay I love you all and I will see
you tomorrow take it easy
Aloha Betterman if you follow the waves
you will drown in the ocean
