it's got a happy problem you guys
somebody god you said you know what you
said you wanna you say you want to know
like
three two one
why don't we just there's 10 million
subscribers I got blow uh I had balloons
they like backwards and deflating
actually Oh
machete action yeah balloons are down
got some brand new holes in the wall
welcome to Logan Paul loves to make sure
to subscribe enjoy this okay got another
good day here on elf people are so low
gang for life can I just get the shy
guys to get a little - time so are you
good now though huh oh and now you don't
talk I'll talk to my other pet how are
you calm calm the server Gio he has a
new brother now since my brother just
got a new dog named Apollo why do what
you know the door Flavia they're after
me didn't make some bets on the games
the door care night I couldn't pay them
a loss to they tried to tell me in a
kiddie pool
did it work no a kiddie pool was three
feet on four foot oh my god your element
broke oh you're back oh god good to have
you back what did you do to piss the
door fluffy oh well they get pissed off
so easily why the short-tempered bro
anyways dude it's good to have you back
welcome back to the vote
that's my boy that's my boy
Oh God yo Evan woof oh yeah we got
missing posters for you and everything
go well is it actually missing huh you
knew where I was the whole time I I had
a rough estimate of where you were but
yo I appreciate you wearing the merch in
these photos we sure that's photoshopped
nope Logan Paul calm /aa join the
movement be a very good start to the day
we got our boy back let's see what else
is bothering I guess we could start with
this
yeah yeah I don't know what happened
yeah this is pretty this is pretty deep
cut bro this is the life of a vlogger
man this is the life I chose oh my butt
clean off put a band-aid I'm good for
not dying and stuff and I stepped
outside for a second because I think I
think this is a good time to say this
Evan and I had a four-year friendship
anniversary like maybe a week and a half
ago I wanted to get him a dope gift but
so I got him OS I got him a Rolex but it
didn't get delivered in time I was gonna
bring it to the dwarf world gay and said
I just ended up surprising him later in
the vlog I made a comment that if that
video got 2 million likes I would give
him a roll that 2 million likes on this
video bye bye Evan a Rolex I don't know
why I said that like I had already
bought him a Rolex sitting inside right
now and just to prove to you guys that I
had already bought it and I've had it
for a week Evan just hasn't been here
here's a video I took when I received it
in the mail okay guys it's Monday August
7 I actually just got back from the
dwarf games and I see this bro like you
were supposed to be here two days ago
another inside that box yeah what a guy
I don't know if you guys can see but you
know that logo okay well we got another
box classic oh my god this is so
official oh this is hard with one hand
I'm a vlogger I got this I see the watch
is hard to do with one hand I'm gonna
have to like bite my camera mm-hmm okay
here we go okay
Oh
Evon bro this is a $20,000 whoa thanks
bass Logan guys that was actually 11
days ago I've just been sitting I've
been waiting for this vlog for forever
but yo another sad thing that kind of
happened you my mom left ya vlog mom had
to go back to I can't hold on a sec god
damn boy these people always do party
problems trying to vlog try to work no
respect
party's over wrap it up and go the tone
they never seem to listen to me anyways
yeah my mom left this morning I before
she left I wanted to show her the Rolex
here was her reaction you know what's in
here Oh crown that's a Rolex mom yeah I
didn't get a birthday present yes you
did the Logan was you have your birthday
oh I like the watch with Diamonds better
anyways let's go inside try to avoid
Evan I want to show you guys the watch
and see like the diamond sparkle and the
Sun it's spicing me happiness in the
other room I have to whisper so he
doesn't hear me
so this $20,000 Rolex has been sitting
here for like 11 days now normally I'd
be worried about someone seeing it but
this is like just above his eye line so
I think I'm good you know this thing is
absolutely beautiful
okay I'm not a wash guy or even like a
jewelry guy really Brendan agreed with
me on this when we saw this thing like
this is beautiful
Oh low gang this thing is icy man so I'm
gonna put this back until later but
let's go mess with our boy a bit all
right thank you
I want to spoil your Evan I don't want
to spoil you bro how it's your big day
it's not my birthday it's your big day
you're back bro I want it I want to
don't want to take you out I want to
take you out to lunch
let's go to lunch bro I'm talking like
Evan seriously bro like five star really
expensive LA meal oh yeah dead-ass
well while he's in fainted we can do
this cross off fine okay my man we're
pulling out up you are in for a treat
this is mr. McDonald know the yeah its
McDonald this is not a 5-star restaurant
just dude budgets tight bro we just got
evicted and stuff we're about to live in
a house down I'm saying we gotta save
money gee I just my first time back the
face get my hopes up I don't give me a
Rolex for anniversary no I can't trust
you anymore table minefield out of the
car and eat food there are kids in
Africa
there we go Evan you're gonna thank me
later
yo real quick how funny is it that he
brought up the Rolex yeah you have to be
happy to have a happy meal because he's
kind of salty right now oh you want a
happy meal bro yes we have one happy
meal can we do the cheeseburger with our
new cheese budget cuts get in the house
too bro dude we have to save our money
out stop dude this happy meal is gonna
change your mood I hope thank you Wow I
just want to point out guys this is not
a brand deal for McDonald's McDonald's
man you're yeah you're welcome man
anyways here's your meal slowly but
surely he's getting happy oh it's a toy
yeah you got fries oh yes
are you happy I see you get happy in it
I'm getting and
it's not over yet oh we got this this
spread with a fatty yummy
how are you happy now yeah I knew it
worked okay so now the Evans in a little
bit better of a mood I'm gonna take my
boy are you ready for this bill yeah
ready but I'm gonna take you shopping
bro let's go faithful that Rolex not for
a Rolex we're just gonna I feel like we
could get you some clothes like
appliances like utensils whatever you
need
Dollar Tree bro whatever you want socks
again just stop whining please there are
kids in Africa doesn't make any sense
this kids all over the world
here we go oven anything you want
anything you want I'm actually only
gonna get him like one thing what what's
up you can get one thing just don't
whine remember the kids maybe you want
this there we go see you later
alligators cuz your blogs are maybe
you want this and then you wanna play
bro
Oh glass never broken a glass plate we
could get that plate we got a glass
plate we got full bellies as if this day
couldn't get any better my man I have a
surprise for you I think I've it's not
what it's going to be no it is dude 100%
right now I think you want to come close
for this what's up my man we're going to
the zoo right now how do you do all of
us are gonna zoo I know you love the zoo
I know you I know I know I know you love
to do Evan loves animals this is Petco
budget cuts bro I knew it was gonna be
alive after just fine parking and then
we can go any like check out the fish or
something stop stop stop
Evan Evan stop dude you're always a
disappoint I'm not a disappointment
there's there's patches inside back
going also I need that more dog food for
Kong you love that
don't you it's look it's a guinea pig
look Ivan a bird look Ivan fish look
I've been a snake
look I've been Lydia look I've been dog
toys so I'm actually gonna get this one
for Kong because you stopped this duck
waving it boy was that a man break or a
happy break man
you're mad still pissed off at you oh
come on kargh I got you squeaky toy oh
he loves the duck okay Carlo we have
something more important to talk about
so Evan is in his room pouting I think
it's time we give him the real surprise
of the day but I do kind of like messing
with him I am I'm a sick I had
Lydia run to the store and give me
something special yeah I'm gonna put
this nice blue kidney watch in the Rolex
box it's purple what it's purple what
color they say was blue
yeah I'm colorblind did you see the law
under the sky like fiction many of you
I'm gonna put this out purple watch in
the Rolex box okay he's gonna be so mad
like I feel like at this point you might
think like some things are going down
and it's he's gonna think it's like a
fake Rolex prank and then I'll just go
handle $20,000 watch this is a hefty
piece of material right here putting the
new watch on can you imagine I would be
so upset I'm so mad at boxes so did the
boxes did
hey what can you possibly guy you
watching family guy here Peter Griffin
cost haha stop
I know you've had a rough day and I feel
like I I do need to make up to yes
understand like III messed up can you
can you come over here for me I have a
gift oh my god I did I could disappoint
I think you're like this one actually
bro you said you wanted to like oh my
god shut up
I I'm now you're gonna happy I'm like
army you said you wanted a Rolex to play
I don't feel the Box know it's got a
heavy problem you guys so many gun you
said you what you said you on it you say
you want to know like
take that to the club know that a plane
I really did you - a Rolex though
$20,000 2/3 years that's my boy this
person's not a prank that was the break
that's my boy that's my bro bro did you
see the ice on it
that's dog that's yours
that's my boy I love you too bro so Evan
Evan yeah I bought this before we got
when we went to the door world games it
didn't tip here in time so I came to
nothing bro like I was gonna give you
the Rolex and then you filled up a lot
of fools just like that made this like
so much battery bro even though
I don't feel bad for fighting you
earlier no it's all good bro it's good
good entertainment for the vlog make
sure you subscribe so what's not really
Brenna's Rolex good as new
guys I'm a firm believer that when
you're thriving and doing well there's
no reason that the love shouldn't be
shared right because one day I know
Evans gonna buy me a Rolex and and
today's not that day but the point is do
good things to others and good things
will happen to you
with that said low gang that is the vlog
I just want to say it looks like both my
boys are enjoying their new relic
anyways guys as usual as usual if you're
not a part of the low gang make sure to
subscribe we are these strongest family
on you to go out today don't be afraid
to be unique different special whatever
it is that you want to do you can do it
you guys are Mavericks get your merch at
Logan Paul calm slow job now we'll see
you tomorrow when my boys can be icing
out his Rolex permanent I love y'all
take it easy fam peace do it with the
Rolex bro
don't take it personal the other dogs
didn't get personally brought it's
talking about the plants it now this is
awkward
