have you seen this man have you seen
this man
it's getting better it's getting bad
hits good of you a good day any mom your
vlog huh our freaking of working on
stuff ma we are about to go get our
swole on with a little workout session I
do have news though guys the Yeti
backpacks have officially sold out catch
pop nice they've officially sold out you
guys killed it also our exclusive
48-hour drop of the debt the universe
t-shirt is now ovaries are now a limited
edition exclusive collector's item but
congrats to everyone who was able to get
one good news we still have obviously
the most fire merch in the game Logan
Paul calm slash shop join the movement
be a maverick
I've been trying to go get protein
shakes for like ten minutes now dad can
you please sit in the back so Brendan
can chew here so I can ride my brothers
Brandon touch can you just sit in the
back I said in the back of the SUV all
day yesterday probably discriminating or
some millennial bullsh you talking about
just sit in the back Brendan Brendan
sidewalk I'm about to Merc my own father
god bless america
oh let's rock let's rock smash oh my god
he's mad dude I'm proud of our family
not so much you anymore huh well I was
just thinking I'm I was I was proud of
me yesterday till the team's race words
but now I'm not anymore
we went for Teen Choice Awards we're
still up in the morning working out
grinding cuz that's how you get better
dad hard work success drive passion PM
avergae
well you can just walk away from the
test and the doors shut doors tell your
technology blow jokes are your baby team
my brother with his baby just makes me
want the Yeti more and more and the shop
guys getting to novo I can't wait to see
hey baby how you doing you come here up
in my face sorry sorry take them up can
see you guys took my ceiling
I give birth to myself I'm my own dad
you know it's kind of difficult in my
life right now look at you guys knows we
just hit 10 million subscribers but it's
been two days we're already a 10.2 like
we need more balloons right calm also
another thing that's bothering me I knew
that I'm talking about you Evan we'd all
miss you the Logan misses you Logan you
guys know I've even missing out he's in
the logo you should even say
you were still recording her yeah for
sure when my mom talks or laughs
maverick makes like the same exact
noises her he's laughing oh my god a ver
ik what are you doing what what if I rap
what if I laugh again no this bird has
so much personality just like his daddy
told you on my own daddy I give birth to
myself I'm my own seat
obviously the next thing to do on the
to-do list
have you seen this man
dammit bro sorry to think that lady lied
to me I like it how the low gang has
joined me on this journey have you seen
this boy no yes she definitely lied to
me bro have you beautiful ladies seen
this war they don't speak English
have you seen this war
I can't find it
by
I'm fine Bobby's home it's winning hands
yeah I got a big gift for you is it Evan
because otherwise I don't want it no why
would you say oh I like him but he's got
like boxes bro like it could be like
weapons and stuff what do you to all
those boxes are full of our plates 108
to v-tex 108 a lot of blade templates
under date custom maverick plate spell
are you good are you good girls but I'm
so happy
do you also have Evan or just do you
just have plates no I just wait okay
okay I'll take it
how did you get all these plates wait on
line or these plates and they went to
the sticker shop and snapped it and one
by one
yeah Your Enthusiasm is amazing you just
did it bro yeah bro that's some real
Mavericks right there alright I like
that I respect that bro you just you
just dad my replay awkward awkward apps
are my most favorite thing info okay
it's time to open these puppies up or my
name isn't Pogue in LA I got you thanks
mom we need scissors open these
time-lapse this one broke in the
packaging but I can tell these are gonna
be good plates this is a clean break
bread look this is like a freaking
boomer honestly looking I like we can't
just like break this is not a regular
plate guys these are special place the
first matter plate that's gonna be
broken we got
special but what school we gonna do I
have an idea my mom left to go get
someone
yeah
good to see you team ten not really
don't really care about any one of you
except American fans bro
okay with your eyes you want to break
one I want you t Choice Award okay so we
got a little bit of a mess on the ground
yeah okay so Jake left yo those team ten
kids are crazy I don't like it but
anyways your mom I have a question for
you what I want you to be truthful okay
is Jake adopted no nevermind anyways no
mommy you've never broken a play on my
blog and look at how room I'm at Haruka
I can you blended right
wait listen look at how gorgeous that is
why would you break something boys to
break you comes a late break awesome
like I just want a real quick sidebar
given her legs bro your brother's much I
think she's wearing brother's murder
what is that what do you have there Jane
Paul stop you know the only reason you
have those on okay no no the only reason
you have those on is because maverick
doesn't have bottoms yet just wait till
we get those joggers in those shorts
okay good you should wear them in fact
yeah give me some duct tape that was
quick
pencil pouches back to school package to
no available online and look up all that
gum slash yeah can you hold that for me
yeah now we're talking time to say
goodbye to my guy who room out of
destiny today that we were both wearing
the same shirts just a quick little
where you go I do have one thing one
custom made maverick plate at a time my
boy is denting the universe now an
exclusive item yo congratulations won't
get balled up from there
so big day how rude it is he's a funny
one Deborah could I get why she won't
pay for myself oh yeah of course
all right let's be on my way come on you
just I don't know what you're doing I
know what you're doing
my dog I'm good I'm good so I will see
you around her room okay
thanks Rob he's funny
okay no gang back to the real problem at
hand where are you I have an idea Lydia
can you make missing posters with Evan
on them actually I can't find him so
yeah are you done yet how did you do
that oh this is great look at missing
name a van a dwarf Mamba eken Road
height dwarf weight dwarf age 20
hairbrush if you have information please
contact local pause that cop / shop help
us please Lydia's a stud yeah no could
you put merch on him some maverick merch
let me know what it's done I'll be here
oh that's good rock solid and you print
up like how many Bernie would you say
like 25 25 you four have 25 copies of
missing every reports how are you doing
this
no you're a witch wait which twist twist
wait wait wait
Thank You Lydia have you seen this door
I can't see it cuz it's on my head have
you seen this door where is he bro he's
gone coming
let's talk bro Evans missing the world
dwarf games are over dude like he won
his gold wow I feel like you
photoshopped this onto him absolutely
not he loved luring you look up all that
comebacks I shop oh I actually thought
about this you just add some hair little
hair no beard action but height dwarf
weight dwarf both of those are facts
yeah yeah actual measurements I know
mark I'm leaving I'm just gonna put this
here in case you come by him I have one
more thing hey bro do what you want stop
yeah bro custom you mean it I'm sweating
on you can do it anyone with it you can
break it you can eat off it you could
smash with it okay okay I appreciate the
gesture man I only have one choice side
I figured we need to broaden our reach
Oh Oh have you seen this roommate have
you seen this roommate fancy guys it's
George hi fine
have you seen this boy or had to draw in
the hair because we couldn't find a
current picture is it Evan or is it my
horn
yo I have to find him I love you you
call me if you find him
have you seen this man have you seen
this man you seen him
have you seen this man here
this is tough guys I don't know that
behind a tree
I'm not giving up a little gang Evans my
best friend and I will find him as you
saw from the last scene I am sad there's
literally only one thing in the world
that could make me feel better right now
and mom just please just please break
this plate please mom please mom you
know I'm sad okay call even once you
bring a plate and no Kong I don't know
why she's not doing it really just throw
it on the ground please please okay good
day after all guys I know that hurt sir
how are you feeling right now sad I have
to clean up no no that's what yeah that
is the wad don't worry guys we will find
Evan if you're not subscribed make sure
to join the law gang we are the fastest
growing channel on YouTube it happen for
like two months now and as usual get
your maverick merch link in description
or love all cops last shot because it's
late la gangs live I will see you
tomorrow take it easy man
where you go I do have one thing
