today's gonna be yet another amazing day
but foot wait we're gonna follow me is
it a pleat good morning little guy
what's poppin again no it's kind of sad
wrote these maverick backpacks are
currently sold out it's my favorite gang
you killed it but I will say we do have
a little surprise coming in the next
like week or so having to do with new
backpacks and they Yeti my baby butts
have no fear we got plenty of options on
the site hottest merch in the game
really love about our town flash
shopping at Newport okay I'm on the
agenda we are actually going to a photo
shoot right now I know we do a lot of
them but this one I'm supposed to be
like an adult or something look I don't
know whatts apparently they're gonna put
me like super sexy clothes make me look
good also hot my driver and I with no
hands Brendan I appreciate you in your
friendship
well well well if it isn't manager jet
late I'm late as usual
hello look they got a dog hi I have a
dog he looks like you his name's car
look like Tom my but that one does just
come well this isn't calm I'm color
blind it's sometimes hard to tell inside
the crib with the squad everyone is on
their a-game yo my man Johnny are you in
the loca okay and he say you made me a
gift I don't know what to expect Rama
two ropes all right now I'm doing my
favorite part of Hollywood do the
grooming process I'm just kidding I hate
this so much
well my man's dope here easier make me
look pretty honestly bro good luck you
don't need it but I'm sitting here I'll
singing Jeff John can you bring me the
maverick picture but it's still it's the
move by the way we can make this better
ready oh hi it's go time you boys ready
time to get sexy golden custom maverick
logo it's time to win maybe
guys so Brendon if you just want to go
ahead and shoot me I'm going to stick my
chin out and then also I want to ask
Brian are you a vlog enough oh yeah
that's what I do this is my man I'm
ready
Oh Oh
that timing is impeccable oh my God look
at the place
hi I have a horse like you his name is
Cobb my god this amazing bro that's my
vlog camera do you want to blow then
what's up to the low gang horse hey good
morning ok what's poppin or did you see
the horse just said it what's up to you
guys so I'm about to ride a horse
apparently but no one told me I was
supposed to bring my roommate happy
there's a horse brother what is your
name donkey in the morning are you
making waffles that is a Shrek reference
if you don't get it roll the clip in the
morning I'm making waffles ok no more
horsing around I've written in NASCAR
I've wrestled a bear I've walked across
the canyon on a high wire I'm not very
good at this jump
why you got to give me a broken horse I
got something for you horse here we go
he roars this is the you good vote
survey you could take it all right take
it you let me know when you find it
no I'm a horse okay now I'm done horsing
around throwing on my man your dad's a
B's photographer so I got you some merch
I haven't give it to you that's my boy
oh it's too spicy give me one second
let's Drennen Brendan do me a favor but
just go stand next to John know if you
guys have a boy make sure to get this
shirt with your boy it looks ten times
cooler my bro good stuff today I'll see
you later
Logan flat B average I've waited years
ten days but yo look at its first class
though it's yet the first classroom
animal that looks exactly like my dog
who by the way is stuffed animal for so
now call officially has a twin there was
a vlog where I brought here why I
brought Kong up to the merge Gatling gun
just too scary love 100 what no I made a
joke dad was gonna shoot him out I would
never ever do that but look he like kind
of fits these are really tiny but the
merch cannons bro obviously we got the
candidates cuz we got the hottest march
in the game if you like close your eyes
and turn upside down Kong might be able
to fit in this okay no that's actually
good but we just like compress stuffed
animal Kong oh it looks like little
Colie that is tr the merge cannon okay
now granted please if you have a merge
cannon first off don't have a merge
cannon second off do not listen okay are
you listening are you zooming Brendan
right okay zoom II do not launch your
animals out of the merge can this is a
stuffed animal not real Kong
okay like yo this lends itself to the
pranks bro I'm talking pranks hombre
when we give it up and be like you
actually let's just do it
what are you doing bro easy I know how
come did you see that he's crazy I have
big news it's not another day it's not
another day no but we should get Evan oh
no ok anyway listen Oh calm he fits in
the merch can no he fits you have to
stuff him in but he fits but we could
say I'm watching good it looks like calm
is there any chance that people will
believe is Ayla no we just try it on
people and then like later in the day
we'll go ahead
ok lo gang first victim is my friend
Marc currently walking Kong he's been a
little unresponsive Lily come on come
come on I'm just kidding cogs in the
maverick perfect let's find the nipple
I discovered that calm fits in the merge
Canada knows legs back like this chill
about it I thought it'd be funny if we
like could shoot about it no you catch
him he'll be chill but that thing like
is a gun I mean you can't actually be
considering this I mean this thing like
has pressure like the PSIs was like
shoot his balls off or something yeah I
know well yeah yep no I'm not gonna do
it I'm not gonna do it I just say like
hypothetically that be lit if it could
have I think the keys to like see his
face right and you think it's him do and
then before they have a chance to
register it's an animal just shoot my
friends are like super gullible I want
to see if we can get the logo I know
they're there they're always there Oh
Jake Palmerton you're up what country
I'm Austrian and now you guys know Carl
right well
I found out that calling actually fits
in the merge can another thing about
like shooting them out of it for a vlog
go do it let me go love this hilarious
yeah let's take some sexiest pictures of
2017 and then you know if you want to
tag me on instagram at Logan Park boy ok
sometimes passes dark outside we are
looking for life dude tell me you guys
are dropping off stuff for me no okay
you know me too
y'all are giving me plates now like
before was like a fan man which I love
coming straight up plates like honestly
I love this the most because that
actually can use these I'll have to go
out and get plates and the plates guys
send those goddamn please talk about
Ayla Ayla my ex assistant that I
definitely fired I told her because she
loves called essentially good babysit
calm for the night so she's on her way
over here she's gonna be here a sec at
which point we'll do the 8th of March
baby yeah right he's over there I do
have to do this myself
you have fun over there and look at what
your dad's do you cleaning that's Oh
calm Mike you can shoot him out of it
I'm not saying I'm going to because I
put his back legs in it like stuff I
stuffed him up to his neck are you
kidding I didn't put him past his neck
I've thought about shooting it for the
vlog but I wasn't gonna that is an
absolute no the things you come up with
sometimes like I don't know genius
the thing is cut the fucking shit on you
please help me I'm just gonna get the
final little bits here
friendship thing just like as a friend
look this is one thing
it's a Lepke I know I know we scouted
you okay we got some fast reactions you
Doug she does dodge them did she grab a
real Kong on accident there's a throat I
got my thumbnail great black scare me I
sign off if you don't get out of my
house don't man she's has such Disney
humor it's hilarious oh look we can
cross off number four unless you do this
you calm are you kidding no no no read
the fine print out of the cannon
okay look gang and that is the vlog
another part of the family make sure to
subscribe hit the button bro join below
game also I said a thousand times today
get your map and logging merchant link
for that in the description it's hot as
fire it's soft a movement man a group of
us the low gang the Mavericks are here
to change the world put that dent in
that bait by being different being
unique being a maverick I love y'all and
I'll see you tomorrow
take it easy fan I'm gonna do it I
didn't
go ahead put that in the end of the
world
