we're going to the doctor yeah hi guys
as you know Evan has like a really bad
ear infection I can't it's horrible
action we're hoping that doctor is gonna
pull a giant like earwax ball out of his
ear and I'm how you doing back there go
as usual guys it is a good day if you're
watching this video and you're not a
part of the low can you are not
subscribed what are you doing man but
seriously they'll join the family we are
a quite poppin right now indeed and
thanks Randy
my new EP just dropped in that spire
just joshing guys are in jumpin EP yet
but I will soon and then it's gonna be
fire breath goodbye baby I'll be back I
mean I don't die in the next 10 to 20
min understand it's possibly doesn't
dumb shit
this is funny cuz Evans like the adult
in this situation now watch TV two
dollars this is the greatest day of my
life I had a better beard than you oh so
true this is flawless well I still got
this like child acne going on bro the
stories everyone has flaws including
myself you know it happened example Evan
cannot go outside without being flock by
girl
Brendon hands so big he can't find a
pair of gloves that fits okay new acne
that's gonna lose me subscribers
hello I'm just blogging my life away bro
oh sorry saying the other oh sorry I
didn't mean to scare anybody ever
seizure that's kind of wooden that's
kind of what vlogging is what can you
kick down to try to get your ear these
guys you know this I'm a madman I'm loud
I gotta blow so while we're sitting here
waiting for doctor come in it just hit
me again dude like I need a new
assistant hey guys here's Evan trying to
take this appointment seriously and
here's me trying to mess that up
oh man I'm so goofy okay anyways then
they started doing more doctor stuff you
start looking to Evans ear I started
getting worried about my boy I didn't
look at evident he's in pain man it
looks like he's a kid who just lost the
Pinewood Derby look at this face but I
love that man he's pretty and I couldn't
help to see our kid like that man it
hurt us man we were a pain it was
discussed he's like the son I never had
or do have and I just don't know who
exists you okay my man's is in some pain
but don't worry you didn't look up when
I said look at are you the paparazzi
you're tizzy oh my gosh TMZ and why are
you doing this to me God you're making
me talk crap about my brother
I know I didn't want to do it Jake I
mean look they just I didn't plan for
this son of a bitch talk shit I didn't
know okay it's not fine okay good good
good
what older brother should say okay good
these my boys are here to come I bet
okay okay as you guys know I need a new
assist has an old one ah can you just
can use I know I'm literally about to
say all of this okay I had one her name
was Ella and I had to fire her cuz she
suck at her job no then why you still
here I fired you because I just hang out
like dang Emma oh yes do you like me
so don't even act like you to like me
here do they if you guys look at number
three on the to-do list to-do list
number three replace a look I gotta
replace you now find a new assistant if
I need someone they'll be better they'll
be better
they'll be button system will be butter
joke's on you my new assistant is butter
water that's yogurt Greek yogurt and
it's probably old butter
don't forget consumer I love really does
link in description
oh Jesus mother of God how did that
happen whoa that's goodness out of me
what the old frozen frozen dude I cannot
be an adult I guess we gotta get on this
right now there is a girl from the vlog
the other day flashback she looks like
Ayla like almost identical the other day
thinking proactively being the adult I'm
trying to become new assistant yeah new
assistant yeah guys this is Judy all
right well you have accent where are you
from do speak Spanish okay guys I say
bar said no problem she's great I think
right but all her name is Judy she's
from Spain so we give her like a Spanish
a let's call it like a light it's all
right so Judy we're gonna call you
owl uh we're gonna call you owl up my
name is Judy my name is Logan nice to
meet you
what do you think I saw I can't
understand I think she's saying asshole
I'm not sure yet
asshole asshole oh I guess you wanna go
ahead and start the assistant job I have
this I heard it's called a vacuum so
we'll start there we'll start there with
the assistant job what
you have to grow up a little bit no I
don't want to do that
no okay I love as an assistant like this
stuff that you do you know I need you to
be better than Ayla
you're butter than Ayla I told you Ayla
I told you my new assistant will be
better than you I told you why because
he's your what whoa as my assistant can
you get this for me yo let's see what
while we're walking to Evan I'm taking
the time to bring all his hair look at
me I'm a gentleman mom never look at me
- what's your name no it's all like yeah
no no it's alwa it's the Spanish version
of a like the better version hey back
off all right all right I had another my
set you down stop not in front of the
guests just scaring her away bro oh look
this is a perfect opportunity for this
is calm he's my dog and he's a savage
Hey she does have a hard road it's true
I don't know but she's being
stop I think she's top dog the best
assistant in the game your auntie folks
multimatic
you're a maverick now what asshole what
are you saying
I saw awesome fossil like fossil fuels
fossil like from ancient times why I'm
falling in love yo yo yo yo married I'm
gonna marry her and I'm gonna get all of
you no no never stop she's a lady nee
must be respectable no no no oh hey have
a quick by boat maverick I'm gonna be
honest with you bro sure no she's a
butter she's just straight-up
what I'm not a team you heard that whole
conversation yes what is wrong with you
as far as like like I could give you a
list I'm arrogant my ego is way too big
I got the strongest and fastest growing
channel on YouTube which supports the
ego thing I'm flat-footed I'm colorblind
I have a titanium plate in my head from
an injury when I was younger my brother
just split up from Disney Channel like I
could keep going like what thanks very
much Oh gracias
not Sophia are you good welcome to the
survey American auto what's up Stu that
estas bien hermana
what is this she'd just give me a
Spanish you good bro sir I think she did
real quick sidebar
oh my mom did not hit her it was Mark
Braud with the new assistant Oh your
place yeah this is that the Latina
spicier sassier version of Ayla what yo
you should call her like oil oh boy I
like that we were calling her outlook
but I like that like Oh
I took mark aside for a little sidebar
just to get his first impressions what
do you think I like her she got a little
more height on Ayla which is good thing
yeah it's good not sure got tattoos a
little bit edgy a little bit she's
better than Taylor dude like you should
have you should test her Assisting
abilities so you know firsthand yeah I
like that
go do something in a verse if you um I
need some assistance over here boy one
seems to have misplaced this all up it
shouldn't be here it should be like in
this area okay here's the real test
boiler you're doing okay so far like
your arm you got to be able to do tasks
like I got I gotta be able to send you
places and then you go get stuff done
you know I got a hot date tonight so if
you could go pick up some flowers and
some butter because you butter the Nayla
right am i right everybody probably not
so okay you go get those two things
that's the move okay high five
two hours later I got my body yeah
and you're oh no no no I said flowers oh
wow okay my thighs are you guys gonna
Logan great great are you in the low
gang I'm in the low key is my demo okay
no grana Creekside but I can't I can't
just taking barely understanding like it
well it's not gonna work man I have to
fire her I think you're gonna marry her
I can't marry her bro she really made my
assistant a muchacha
well fledged okay guys um I don't know
how to tell you this but this wasn't
like you guys are supposed to be flowers
oh Jesus mother she's also butter do you
know use no no yeah I know Ayla I just
want to say like you were so good but
Euler here is killing it Waylon that's
her name
Oh
we'll see you later I think your added
assistance
I literally just ran out of this
okay Logan get another weird flow still
no assistant do not forget to get your
maverick and Logan merch link for that
is in the description or looking ball
that cop slash hot soft swaggy
sweaty it's really nice whatever I like
unless you sweat in it which you can do
cuz if you go to the gym alright anyway
subscribe if you're not a part of the
family yet join the Logan guys it's no
joke man this shirt says it lo game for
life SEMA and you guys come into my
house you know we break plates together
and I think there's only one thing left
to do to do list number three replace
here we go boiler ok guys be different
be unique and be a maverick I love y'all
and I will see you tomorrow take it easy
I will thanks for coming guys
