Oh yo yo y'all feel like it's a good
time to tell you guys I'm gonna be on
The Ellen Show it's a good day man I'm
just happy and plus what we got the
merch cannon locked and loaded mom I got
the reflexes of a tiger I think it's
only fair if I let my boy shoot me bro
cuz I'm always the one oh I'm always the
one giving people a hard time with this
so let's just I think it's definitely
time that I get a taste of my own
medicine all that all air a quick record
wait stop stop stop pointing up real
quick explain alright so it was that two
hundred like two minutes ago and now
it's in the red area oh I think it's
broken cuz I didn't mean to shoot at you
that hard but okay I'm gonna do it
anyway
I'm not gonna lie he missed I need to
get doing this I don't know you guys
hear this it's broken bro good yeah
Oh Evan has a doctor okay talk to you
later
what I was saying wise Evan has a
doctor's appointment I think I'm gonna
play dad and drive him to that in the
new widow tale my dads taking me to the
doctor's office cuz I got a good eye get
your butt dude maverick said he's that
the doctors are gonna touch your bone I
have never talked about my butt good
news but yeah you looking as beautiful
as ever and I know my boy got the train
home yeah we're gonna get in some
trouble with this thing today I feel
like we're all just one big happy family
except Ayla she's kind of like sassy all
the time but the rest of us are don't
also there's something really cute
happening right now
oh my God look at this guy we love you
call you're so cute get out of the white
silver car move yeah my son don't let
him touch your butthole
I thinks that they grow up so fast
come here Bobby you're the king down
with the seatbelt on you there we go
yeah that that looks good enough for me
go no are you doing fine
okay passengers welcome to the local
agony key the Yeti see what I did there
what do you guys want to do what he want
to go normally that'd be good but there
are no kids stores around here kids are
us I think it's like five miles in the
opposite thing as the kids are I'm
pretty sure there's the kids are us yeah
Google page
oh it's Babies R Us you know why she
knows that because she tried to go to
kids or us and it was just babies and
she's still fitting the clothes goodbye
baby I'll be back sumin I don't die in
the next hour so she's dangerous
jaundice that's why she didn't do it
you know why can we have four smoothies
with a side of like and subscribe Uber's
on his way you know I'm impressed by
your dodge there bro you're eager to
dodge it today open the door I'm just
kidding bro I really did get you a
smoothie brand new hey don't worry lady
we're picking it up I'm not a bad guy
I'm just a vlogger
thank you brother so
did they touch your butt home yeah know
what you knew it knew it bro they at
least give you a lollipop
okay Ayla Ayla Ayla Ayla Chicago okay
okay but first before I just well I just
want to say one thing one thing what is
this thing bro just because it's tinier
than yours doesn't mean need a laugh now
that's not why I was laughing at how you
like that day
because look at the real bees bro oh my
god I'm so obnoxious call me Jake Paul
so we're about to go shopping my man
Evan here is the king of sunglasses well
we got Evan talk to me what do don't
look now security is so onto us bro they
must be in the low game cuz as soon as
we walked in they knew see that row
security straights snooping on the low
game she not heard the song bro okay my
man is straight rocking these glasses oh
yeah I also want to point out I'm rep in
a subtle little maverick logo today
right here bottom of it you know what
are you doing halo stop Alan this merch
is not available yet a little like a
side hit maverick logo keep it on the DL
but make sure you get your stuff looking
back on flash house yo okay I'm not
saying anything bro I'm gonna let the
master decide it's not too big not to
see ya of course guys they're going on
here we go
we think they look too small for us to
choose one I'm just gonna go so high yo
we're walking to our next location but
if you look
the security guard is still there we see
you we see you lady you're in the low
gang we know it call me Barack Obama
dude can I live no my managers Jewish
yeah I thought I were to the next door
this chick is still following us bro
like she's in the low gag so hard
behold the skinniest escalator I've ever
seen in my life go at this point well I
need to know if she's in the logo you
like for me are you in the low gang
kinda oh good fun that's what that will
heaven and I found the sunglasses he's
my boy so we decided to go match you do
you want to try again okay we decided to
go matching sunglasses because that's
mom you know I'm not gonna lie I think
Savage level is max in these glad row
and lad the king yo you are the king
yeah driving on the street here Ayla
said she saw Ellen DeGeneres at at a
store up here soon I promise you
hi guys go see that clip right there
when I go on Ellen I want her to play
that and Evan I want you to say right
now wow that was awesome
yo she's dobro so do be so cool I see
just smiled at me I was like okay if you
guys couldn't tell by now we don't like
really have anything to do today I'm
gonna stop by my brother Jake's house
make his neighbors hate him just a
little more
I love you I'm so sorry Jake I it's just
I don't know it's funny for the vlog
back home if you guys remember in
yesterday's vlog someone put that staff
shirt on eBay
you do remember you're subscribed
looking for life yeah oh and if you're
not subscribed what are you doing it
anyways I mentioned that the staff
maverick shirt that I gave out in New
York like it's never gonna be available
ever yesterday it was at $623 and today
it's so let's see here thirty-four
thousand one hundred dollars what I'm
sorry oh I know maverick I guess our
merch is just too late who though it's
calling me my job do you know that the
Maverick staff shirt is selling for
$34,000 on eBay oh yeah he said he says
was a Gucci femme ok ok so now that I
already have my title and clickbait we
can just have fun for the rest of the
day so I decided to bring some friends
over
yeah that's your cube stickers because
you know the last time he shot something
at me oh it was the flamethrower you
guys remember when I shot those sleeves
our flashback
definitely put my eyebrow yeah you shut
up can I grow up and it's a good thing I
had a you know a little bit of toxin
poisons in me if you know what I mean a
little bit of tequila because I was an
extra so you know it is a good thing you
have two eyebrows now though yeah yeah
there's still you were you add use that
side look he's that's that monster
hey you good back come over dude we're
doing man yeah so you probably shouldn't
come we're not doing eyebrow wax
they're not to shoot mine off right so
you think you got both eyebrows you know
what you know Logan let me help you bow
no the coolest thing about having all
the boys back in town is that we're all
good to see you George
yeah gotta get you back yeah you guys
are probably wondering why we're doing
this
oh I think George's to tell ya it's
pretty bad hurts me my hurts like a
mother you're good I got B it's like
this all the time
I'm just trying to live life guys we're
going back out we're going shopping
again don't bow meet the yeti bro it
makes you look like a tiny man how you
written it yet yo you're in for a
surprise
welcome to paradise how you feeling
there mark I feel good baby riding
shotgun boys a room back there dude
there's room and I usually I'd be bitter
about not being shotgun BC seven foot
one yeah listen you're acting like I'm
some short mother it's kind of funny
that we're talking about height because
I have a friend named Devin
no-nothing I have a friend in London so
I was just checking out the gadgets and
I wanted to know what's this button
right no this motor I'm glad you asked
mark it actually destroys North Korea
yeah yeah yeah don't press it actually
the coolest thing about vlogging on
escalators you know this isn't annoying
at all this is why people hate vloggers
this is right here the most important
thing though is that I'm the best one
this is honestly I feel so bad for this
bookstore I literally just walked in
here to cause havoc
so let's cause some damn bro third
floors to move this is for they got toys
they got a lego guy kind of pooping like
over here it's so uncomfortable Oh yo yo
yo feel like it's a good time to tell
you guys I'm gonna be on The Ellen Show
we started a what yes yeah why why not I
saw Ellen DeGeneres and I said Ellen I'm
gonna be on your show one day I promise
better be like the Christmas it's not
scheduled it's not schedules not
confirmed but it's gonna happen like I
put it into the universe you sorry yeah
she waved and gave me a thumbs up you
saw the g-wagen she was like damn they
must be logan paul anyways yeah it's
cool let's continue doing this stuff
yeah is for abraham and anus there's a
lot of butt jokes going on not only
today but in this specific story with
Evan if the doctor and that whole blood
thing I think I'm good I think I'm gonna
wrap this vlog out for sure okay back
home
I thought about genuinely sorry for all
the butt stuff today but hey here's some
good news the contest winner because you
guys Bob March in the past 72 hours
I am embroidering and I am embroidering
and putting your names on the interior
of the yet so here we go you're the
winner Daniel drivel sonam Topo felt
snowman Jack talk the homie Damien
shrimp how we cannot forget Harlan
bazaine see the lady Angela Lee here's
one I like this one Talal Abdul Aziz
that's dope dude I might change that to
my last name look at all the goodies
Tori Kelly
Marianne Whitman how can we forget
Nicole River yeah yo congratulations you
guys your name will now become an ample
part of my life and I will see it every
day when I look at the beautiful UT that
I dress also thank you for getting your
merge repping the brand and being a
maverick with that said um if you're not
subscribed like I said your face
subscribe hit the button join the logo I
think we are currently the fastest
growing channel on YouTube help thing
what can you expect what are you worried
what what though have you been doing
having your waffle you said it so sad
here evan has Peyman take this Gucci
slipper and do well oh if you haven't
yet get your mouse link in description
and I will see you tomorrow thank you
take it easy fan
