CEO Tim sex the Mavericks are out and
engage target there's so much stuff
going on right now okay just peace of my
death thigh skin on eBay yesterday yeah
I did that I don't know I'm really
excited to see how much it sells for
okay number two New York City pop-up
shop this weekend I'm pumped exclusive
mercs like the sexy easy maverick
backpack and much more he just for that
are here and number three young man your
boy was nominated for not one not two
but three Teen Choice Awards we got
biggest shots blondest Josh and dope is
Josh's I was just kidding so fun really
though it's a choice male webstar choice
comedy web star and choice youtuber I
think I scream like that go like same
pitches the goat here's the thing though
I feel uncomfortable that it's just all
about me let's be honest guys I wouldn't
be up for these awards if it wasn't for
you guys these vlogs that low gay I just
want to say a maverick like this is
about us bro now look guys I could be
satisfied with just being nominated
trust me I'm thankful but as a member of
the low gang it has a maverick you guys
know this like we don't take el show you
I want to show the internet just how
powerful we are I'm fine you guys can
vote in each category ten times per day
every day for the next week the link is
in the description or you can tweet it
out with at Logan Paul and then hashtag
like choice youtuber or whatever the
nomination is but if you guys vote for
us and you tweet it or somehow I find
out about it I will be picking people
for the next week to send merch to
people who vote for us
to the top baby because as we all know
yo so I just got a call that I have a
big delivery waiting for me at the
loading dock if this is what I think it
is I'm gonna freak oh my gosh
he came in to smash the plate and bounce
bro no I was obviously in my bed
sleeping and having a wonderful dream he
what were you talking about those in a
row six six oh that's my boy right there
yeah okay we're gonna shake that that's
the important thing
it's a Gatling gun
oh what a Gatling gun gun in the house
yeah I mean you already got four pairs
of guns in the house and right right
we're gonna get back to that later but I
actually forgot I have to return this
vehicle no I don't want to do it man but
don't forget in yesterday's vlog I
pretty much gave you guys that decision
to decide if I get this car half a
million likes and 20 thousand retweets
at Logan Paul on the tweet I tweeted
about it maybe one day it will all be
mine my question is though are you
really driving the G Wagon if you don't
have the Gucci undefeat if I get this G
Wagon you better be wearing Gucci every
goddamn day oh god I'm turning in their
materialistic pieces she's deaf fuckin
to the Gatling gun okay guys check out
all the materials here I feel like I
should have clarified it doesn't shoot
bullets it shoots merch we were like we
need a better way to deliver merge to
the Logan yo you can't because you're
ruining my vlogs G we're about to build
it fine
hello gang we're gonna we're gonna shoot
merch you guys but with the machine guns
that's what we have here I've never done
this before I don't know if it works I
don't know how to build it but let's
just dive in whoa big time laughs
anyways yo my favorite part about this
ensemble is that it didn't come with
directions but just like looking at the
pieces here like it seems pretty easy
wow that was pretty easy what did we
just make bro what is it we got the
Gatling gun on top that's gonna wash the
t-shirts this thing goes round and round
like a spider
we got the Maverick logo and the front
looking like a savage not to mention
it's on wheels so we can take this baby
anywhere except if you look closely the
one thing we're missing is a co2 tank
I'm a vlogger bro like I don't have co2
laying around I just have birds and
dwarves but no co2 tank and also to make
some matters worse and maybe a little
bit better
I need more co2 I didn't show you guys
this but we got this thing to just screw
the card in like that and you press the
thing and it's loud I don't have it uh
to make matters even worse it's got more
merch launchers
okay Oh one says looking at a row we are
going so hard right now but no co2 hey
that's a gallon good yeah you fill these
out please because I'm I can you fill
those up also it's a real March on there
we go I see no no game you guys are
insane yesterday's vlog just went live
it's been live for like an hour which
included the piece of my thigh skin
which is right here I'm looking at the
eBay price right now
what does ninety six thousand eight
hundred dollars Wow why would someone do
that
I don't know how this work I'm not
getting a hundred thousand dollars for
my thigh skin there's no way also a good
friend of mine just texted me this your
Logan your eBay the thing we're taking
down they're super strict about selling
body parts in human remains-- and then
they sent me the link for the human
remains and body parts baby yes says I
hear the sale of human and human remains
is prohibited by law and sellers can't
list them on whatever it's a fake piece
of skin what it's fake I can't or you
can't update it and say it's fake so I'd
have to take it down and then put it
back up and say this is a fake piece of
skin that kind of sucks I have to take
it down but I think I think I'm gonna do
that uh you guys sell the vlog it's not
a fake piece of skin why is this such a
big deal why is this consume my life
thing I have to take it down can we list
it yeah that's the move just just you
guys know it's real update yeah I put
the skin on eBay as fake I made it very
clear that it's fake I capitalized it as
you can see
it was up for like 15 minutes and it was
up to $30,000 low gangster on eBay when
this thing starts there as be removed on
this item is not available to me are you
oh my god I just want to say maverick
it's what the people want tweeted at him
son
I called them out eBay were you wet
Chloe Bennett's calling me this should
be interesting
hey how was your flight it was selling
for $100,000 and then eBay calls and
they're like they're like yo we don't
sell skin it's got to be fake I was like
it is fake and then it's why relisted it
as fake and they took it down so now I'm
wondering guys like I want to get this
piece of skin to you someone deserves
this piece of skin man but for now man
I'm just trying to pass the time before
Ayla gets here with the co2 but before I
do that a quick update or today's just a
day full of updates okay tweeted picture
me with the g-wagen and I said twenty
thousand retweets and I'll buy it it's
been up for twelve minutes and it has
10,000 retweets
how do I keep doing this Logan I'm sorry
I did I keep under estimating $100,000 I
skin and in ten thousand retweets in 12
minutes
not saying it's official but it's
looking like I'm gonna get a new car
how was it a loan was a smooth yeah did
I know I'm glad she didn't buy I like
her oh let's put some march in here dude
in honor of lighting up New York we're
gonna do the exclusive New York City
maverick T let's do it okay let's see oh
that one doesn't have a tank on it I
stuck it in the wrong way oh I didn't
even see it shoot out it was no I did go
out no bad wait not bad but if I wasn't
ready for it it's not bad it's fine no I
think we don't need to put that much psi
in this in the tank so this is with a
little less pressure I think this is the
move yeah see nice let's test out this
thing
we're two for two man this is pretty
solid I guess there's only one thing
left to try oh great so the can is
loaded personally this is where I see
things getting out of hand
like a glove can you breathe that bro I
feel like I could definitely die here
man like my face is right next to this
giant can
I wasn't gonna do it
I'm sitting here and I'm thinking wow I
was nominated for three Teen Choice
Awards that's dope
but one of the categories choice
youtuber if you look closely you'll see
this guy by the name of Jake Paul is in
the same category there can only be one
choice youtuber even though we made up
yesterday I am officially Reed declaring
war on my brother Jay so we are driving
to his house right now we are about to
light it up even though it got dark
really quickly okay here we go we've
arrived at the targets house I did
recruit some help in the form of dwarf
Mamba always gave up always that fact I
think the plan is to just walk in fire
some shots and then tell them there can
only be one cm sex the Mavericks are out
and engage target
ah
you'll get that merged welcome Paul that
coffee shop what are you doing what is
your dough this is go right yo look with
the loneliness that my merch gonna team
up already got that idea Michael I was
his buddy okay I'm not gonna get
nominated for three Teen Choice Awards
true I don't wanna lie it's true I'm
nominated for two this is what you're
gonna do you're gonna be like bro we're
competing against each other die ya know
we need a clean sweep Logan Paul what's
younger than the low gang solo game
ballers yeah a father's the lows you
went to and I went to the Jake Pollard's
vote for you yeah a choice male web star
and choice male comedy website yep yep
and the low gang votes for Jake choice
music star and then choice youtuber you
can have that Scott we get a clean sweep
leave sweet sleep slam slam burgers how
are you mom brother Jake always with the
ideas where I'm sorry for being so
competitive we got to work together we
do have to work that guys he's right we
are the strong story together that's
yeah we work together so look right just
to clarify
ain't choice calm link in the
description vote from me for choice male
web star and choice Mayo comedy stars
yes what have a comedy web star you'll
find then you guys vote for Jake for
choice music star cuz his bars are on
fire yes I even set it in my rap about
him you got bars bars and also choice
youtuber he's gonna be the choice
youtuber we each get to remember I'm
picking people who vote for the next 7
days you can vote 10 times a day per day
per category random pieces they love you
learn maverick March I'm giving it to
you both like this I'm gonna shoot the
merch at you face Brendan I'm so sorry
but happy
New York pop-up shop is this weekend
okay so I'm going to keep this exclusive
but real exclusive people were voting in
the next seven days one person each day
is also gonna get an exclusive maverick
backpack not out yet only available in
New York City pop-up shop and if you
vote for us where the teacher is yeah
man just do it bro this G let's show
them how strong the low getting
Pollard's are literally we're gonna
clean up the strongest fan base out
there you guys got a vote all the time
choice you two choice music star choice
male ABS dark choice male comedy song
got it that's a wrap Sun okay guys I
don't know about you bro but for me that
is the vlog if you're not subscribed
make sure to join the low gang hit the
subscribe button merch link is in the
description local Paul that cop slash
shop I'm running out of Beth Brig breath
I will see y'all tomorrow take it easy
what is he doing
No
