oh my god we're here you maniac are you
good bro I don't see you a good morning
call you can be in the vlog ah oh we got
beat come you ain't ready for these
hands dawg you ain't ready for these hit
get okay I'm good morning Brendan good
morning al oh wait don't move there you
go some real much I got you morning
maverick hi buddy
this measurement bird okay good morning
ever attack oh I don't wait instead of
forcing and what do I see outside the
other windows this is awkward ugh Haley
did you put the child lock on no come on
Charlie
windows renewal okay good oh yeah I
think while we were figuring that out
they got kicked out of here yo guys
today was gonna be like a normal vlog on
set if you saw the drama that's
happening yesterday I just released the
second verse and yeah it's really
interesting what do you think it right
now you let anything great Jeff what do
you think well I just what do you think
it's a weird time guys the energy is
crazy this drama I love my little
brother what happen anyways here's why I
say the plot thick there's a girlfriend
of mine her name is um Clarissa
billboard has not been taken down yet
it's coming out Monday but she sent me
this this is the finished product
it says clarissa may was here via
maverick and I did some dental work on
Logan emerald looking so you know no no
this girl is absolutely incredible he
spray-painted white over my black Chevy
dentals
she says he gave me dental work I
scouted it out to see if I could do that
exact thing there's only one way to get
up and there's a restaurant next to it
you scale scale yep then you hop across
the fence and climb up the Billboard
heaven she's a maverick like straight up
Clarissa
freakin love you that's amazing yo
anyways I should go back to set because
there's literally 40 people waiting for
me no 120 125
hi everybody I'm a vlogger diet - she's
crazy so we need to call her later
she's 16 below definition of a maverick
guys look who it is
you can't hide anymore he's directing
for some to get the camera Adam no bro
it's bendings camera now it's gonna stay
in your face the whole day brain you
missed you though I did miss you a quick
hug that's good
no sir quick quick quick quick thing
guys so clear in y'all of you hey what's
better than this Oh who's on the CD
brothers compact this sister gone bro
die just uh
they made a beach outside playing some
why don't we men good fun eternity later
low gang its I wrapped it's late 11:47
p.m. to be exact so this is not a
complete vlog luckily I have a very
interesting light and I know what I'm
gonna do with this yeah ha ha I got one
question where are you good problem har
than you come right hey yo guys George
and I have not seen each other in real
life in lacroix we see each other often
whoa whoa I like booty like three weeks
but here's here's why I wanted to come
over a because I love you but beat you
where the drama bro listen tell me what
you think about the drama have not seen
it yet yo I'm missing - what no Jesus
Christ yeah okay yeah what do you think
of this have you ever hung out with
vloggers before you guys what are your
thoughts questions comments concerns
pretty cool my sister is like actually
your number one biggest fan oh no that's
not a joke as I was walking the hall use
me excuse me are you George Jacob
you know Logan no Japanese final advice
bro bro
he's your brother I know I do want to
show you one thing before I leave
regarding the Billboard I want to show
you this video it's your eyes in this
Georgia gene code no stop not now have a
youtube fan base of family they come an
army like legit bro you went to war your
people are like what what can you come
back in the frame I'm gonna do this so I
don't see it
yeah great I'm actually about the
interviewer like right now by George
you're my best friend okay guys I am
back home I've been my roommate is
sleeping pretty sure I'm gonna wake him
off not on purpose
I'm just loud clarissa the girl who
don't even know what to call it
fix the Billboard is about to come over
just so we can talk about this savagery
that has been committed like this chick
is insane bro so uh yeah without further
ado I'm good as long as they don't get
much arrested right I might get arrested
that's my concern
I'm also concerned about that because
we're about to show everybody the
savagery that you committed chances of
you getting arrested like I don't know
I'm not the person I think it's an 11
out of 10 okay so let's still talk about
it so welcome to the crib are you good
bro first question I'm gonna give you
the service right here
it's the classic you good bro service oh
my god ahead circle 100 yo she's good
bro okay let's get started
woman why did you do that okay I was I
was literally driving down the street
the other day I saw the but when I was
like oh shoot like that's Logan and I
forgotten that you guys did the
Billboard and I was like wait a second I
could fix this you you haven't to visit
he has a to visit mother yeah
so I was like okay well I'm gonna take
this in my own hands and I like took my
my paint roller with the white paper no
salt it's crazy yeah yeah
I literally pay you roll this tooth back
in but it's true why it's a problem wait
why cuz did they make my teeth more
yellow you are the definition of a
maverick like a straight-up stabs guys I
thought I was a savage and you trumped
me so hard you Donald me how did you get
up there because I I stopped do what you
did I swear I was gonna paint over it I
was like this is crazy this it's on a
main street David answer I literally had
to like put my leg up there's no dance
channel coming soon I jumped on I like
clung on the rooftops right on there did
you told that pause you said plumb you
clump I'm in the past fence add to the
Webster's high climb in the past I was
busy climbing a billboard okay you
clumsy so I jumped on the roof I had to
walk across like the roof from a
restaurant and I jumped onto another I
saw the restaurant yeah we went and we
asked if there was like um about the
knee or something that we could jump on
I did the same and he said no I tried to
do this and I was like I can't they're
hot the cops are gonna show up thoughts
on that no like 200 cars or might the
cops drove by the cops were flying
overhead I was like they're coming for
me there Debbie was crazy I was up there
like it was so insane it was so insane
but yeah I just jumped up there and then
when I was coming down like I had to
hang from my like hold my hands and then
just drop yeah I trust that I wouldn't
die like cross your fingers that you're
not how you do that often yeah I mean go
we're
Clarissa I respect the shit yo are you
in the loge I thank you yeah yeah cuz
like you wrote low gay and like she
fixed my cupboards and the dude yo you
like straight-up she filled in my tooth
you brought a roller I did I absolutely
fun story economy twice I literally had
I went water cuz I went up there and I
realized I wouldn't be able to breathe
like dentists Clarissa Edward yo I knew
because I was like when I got there I
was like that's really high how did she
know the first time she wasn't a teacher
no I didn't know family not no not good
girl that's why I'm so excited Winkler
so something I haven't told you guys she
had like a professional production team
recording all the drama which was also
legal so I think without further ado
again we should roll the clip
okay be a maverick everybody I'm done
here I'm shaking so much I need to leave
okay
all right bye yeah yeah yeah like
straight up Clarissa honestly did you
know before we rolled that footage like
you couldn't get in trouble but now that
we have like video everything else like
I know she agreed guys I wonder I don't
wanna go she's like yo dude people of
say dr bible see it oh my god oh wait
wait it's being taken down tomorrow so i
could see it right now right yeah it's
still up I might have to do that I'm
gonna go do that wait before we do that
Stan got you this - it's a classic this
doesn't mean I shouldn't wear this I was
doing you should've but you didn't have
the Resta has a youtube channel
what is it plug oh okay youtube.com
slash clarissamay09 and my histogram is
Korres man I have to go see this
billboard Oh epic Oh oh my god
we're here you maniac you did but wait
can I point out they turned the lights
off and I know for a fact other night
they were I'm wondering if it's because
it got and alive they got fixed and then
they were like we can turn the lights on
cuz it's false advertising take a closer
look locate this is art man this is
Picasso
so we got clarissa may was here that's
Clarissa
we got be a maverick on there we got the
low gang and my favorite part the tooth
the fix - oh my gosh in the middle of
the side with a pigeon spinner and we
don't have
nah the why this is amazing one final
hug Carissa I love you for this guy okay
yo guys that is the law before we dive
via car I am gonna sign off the vlog
guys Clarissa taught us today guys
always be a maverick Logan Paul calm
slash shirt look like I'm slash shop New
York I'm coming for you this is gonna be
an exclusive tea at the pop-up shop
subscribe join the logging we are
currently the fastest growing channel on
the YouTube and I will see you tomorrow
take it
