we made it was all you guys it is 5:19
in them 5:20 in the morning right now
just got out of a shower still my tower
actually just a frakkin hype dude let's
go wake the boys up lights are going
wicked know what bro no bro don't make
me take my towel off bro I'll do it yeah
good morning oh Jesus what up cause it's
a young doggy bro buddy I found out you
can't come to Hawaii because they think
you have diseases or something yeah guys
since why he's an island they won't let
me bring Kong without paying like
$10,000 and I'm Marty spending way too
much money on this okay guys I gotta
keep getting ready goodbye maverick it
was gonna take care of you while I'm
gone okay I'm in mistake hi there's the
real maverick how about hey how are you
I know he'll is gonna take care of you
I'm gone okay I love you too go into who
I go into who I go into Hawaii
and Evans got a big dick hey have you
ever even been to Hawaii no no I have
one suspect yeah fun times man anyways
we're on our way to the airport all I
gotta say is how you could go wrong are
you even good girl we are traveling with
other people our friend Sonya and Colt
and my cast mate and future ex-wife
Chloe Bennet but I got one question is
where they were they have over they have
over there bro Evan do you see him bro I
can't see anything
whoa what's your magazine what is this
Trump's America are you good bro what
are you mycology the laws of attraction
this is my favorite the crossword puzzle
grandma Chloe in the house everyone
where's your seat Chloe
it's like kind of in the back I like to
humble myself I sit in economy right
where were you sitting economy no she's
in first class she got plastic it's not
gonna live I wish I had a first-class
ticket
what Oh Chloe Bennet's right there bye
Chloe course you can young lady what's
your name you guys we're going on a trip
with LP are you in the logo Oh to give
Chloe a high five and then just dab on
herself why did you hit must be nice
being rich Chloe oh that was sick bro
hell yeah no this is good you're right
there we're right here yeah bro this is
the roster Brendan Evan cool there is
that's my boy over there
oh great guys look it's the wing if the
plane catches on fire I'll be the first
to know Kevin I say that Allah no no
okay guys we're about to take off and we
just found out he might not be shipping
power bags on this plane uh okay I'm
gonna be interesting to see how that
plays out also are you good bro hey bro
okay there's definitely not good bro
wasn't real what kind of shit guys so we
got about two hours left I'm not on
Evans lap we're gonna have some really
heavy snow goes these next two days he's
got this rice krispies treat you want
also the real reason why I'm here Chloe
came to visit house first class that's
because we're not there Chloe that's
what we're not there
lost in your
are you good in the most lenient flight
ever we've been able to do anything
let's just hope this airline didn't
forget our bags first steps into who I
where's Chloe Bennet is that Chloe
Bennet how do you feel about the bag
situation oh the bags are here they're
gonna be bitch no you hold your bag I
hope it said the same thing if their
bags aren't here
calm before the storm right all the
dudes are just in a line we're not even
looking for our bags we're just watching
to see if their bags are coming cool
your bag made it yeah
there's more excited to see her bag than
to come to Hawaii
I don't think Chloe's bag arrived my bag
did not arrive did your bag arrived no
and it has my Dorf pills in it pills
make me state being a door so this is
the follow camera following Chloe Bennet
she's looking for her bags right now
she's running now Oh son of a bitch man
for that companionship it's true link in
description get your mattress boy we got
boys know what we do while we're waiting
to get our bags the girls got something
for me Chloe Chloe Chloe yeah Chloe late
Lamey Lamey or like you gonna get laid
blame me oh I appreciate your hard work
I'm glad we all got laid by Chloe Bennet
Jane dude what an interesting start to
Hawaii no bag it's raining yeah oh man
look at us getting cooler wow so cool
okay enough of that
Oh guys we are at the house we spent
like way too much money on this house
let's go check this bad boy
I won't use
it's a villa it's a villa it's not even
a house you know this is this is why
it's expensive you know homie Drake cuz
I'm not gonna lie there's no ID Ciro I'm
gonna sweat my nickel so I asked the guy
he always air it was the air
conditioning he goes oh this house is
heaven I'm worried about the girls bro
I know they're like Oh mmm good toy
slogan guys do not first don't okay I
don't know what I'm doing why was that
consciousness
honest honest opinion um no air
conditioning we spent so much money on
this we were in a hot car like like
between Logan and Chloe like some
cloggin types like would you like are we
staying here so guys obviously this is
incredible but what's better than a pool
a pool with the blue T on it'll fall bro
Hawaii bro it's hot outside of time the
house is wave we have each other so
we're gonna figure this out and exactly
what we're doing you guys know me when I
go on trips or whatever like they need
to be like top-notch so I have a Hawaii
expert coming his name is his name is
Sam he's the legend on the island but
yeah these next four days are gonna be
absolutely crazy man like who knows I
might be like Jake Paul by the time I'm
done
also I just want to point out we don't
even have a bathing suits yet yeah still
go George approach give me one second
two one oh my gosh there's so many
activities did you put ice my butt thank
you bro I don't know if you missed a
memo but the house is no air
conditioning so this feels really
refreshing here guys good news our
legend is here Sam father all right so
the man Sam do you have plans for us I
got some plans if you got topknots plans
or like shop god you're the guy in the
movies that every girl cheats on their
husbands with that's you dude before we
came to this trailer I was like damn
like Chloe Bennet you know plug-in type
thing I'm kind of fall in love with Sam
I think would it be slogan slogan slogan
that's sweet pussy are you gonna put
that in there that going in there yeah
it'll be squeaked
oh I'm sorry watch up that was a classic
no Sam butts in that tree bro no what's
in that tree oh there's a song about
this mama say no plate this is a snow
day climb up the tall tree picked up a
pie
oh don't look it's for playa yeah we are
about to finish off the night by going
cliff jumping yo yo let's see what's
going on here we got the classic drink
in the hand or you're also carrying
chips you're a walking mess you're a
walking mess yeah yeah although is this
going down you're writing here wait what
really open them up see you doing that
hell yeah this is the MU bro YC come on
Chloe got places to be cliffs that need
to be jumped let's go Colt good I
appreciate his like half and Suzy Haslem
to be in my vlog he at least made a
noise for me
oh go to fun that's what not one Sam is
just spot like litmus level like what
would you say Wow okay so just reading
this dangerous sign here what you need
to know before you answer the first one
many people have drown here
good thing I'm not a people I'm a
vlogger did you know being from
Hollywood you know being an actor vlog
it's not often you get to meet go
outside and go actually experience
nature so what I do go I make sure to
say fuck me as many times as possible is
it over there Sam also convenient how
you just pop out of the brush it made it
all
locai we made it to the spot as you can
see Hawaii as always looking beautiful
the Sun is setting right there I'm not
gonna lie I took some fire pictures
myself my instagrams to add Logan Paul
if you want to follow me there I don't
know what it is about like views like
this maybe it's maybe it's cuz I'm
around my friends I'm just a really just
happy relaxed place right now what you
guys noticed about me I work really
really hard but yeah I know I don't want
to say that I do but I enjoy it that's
the thing for me luckily I have found
what I love to do like genuinely love to
do and I get to do it every day and the
fact that you guys like it literally
means the world to me I always to keep
pushing to find what it is that you love
so every day you can wake up knowing you
want to work hard but you don't have to
work Mavericks change the world baby
very crazy inspirational anyway guys
that is the vlog if you are not
subscribed make sure to subscribe these
next couple days are gonna be crazy this
landscape is incredible and yeah guys I
will see you tomorrow as usual take it
is if a plot
