do you think you want to get married
just killing the vibe yeah hey you were
doing there right yeah they both the
Ducks you don't know what you're done
you just ruined she's like yeah yeah
okay Wow last night this was dumped now
it's just really foggy what's going on
you good bro today guys is my last day
of valley girl it's sad dude obviously
I'm gonna get back to making like the
dopest vlogs ever play sad that the
movies ending but I still do have a
whole day ahead of me so let's do this
thing yeah hello Kim good morning I have
bad news I forgot a brush because we're
traveling and I suck at being an adult
like a little shaky talk I know right
can you fix it cuz already dry that just
look as a sturgeon we're gonna fix it
we're gonna fix hey he's back bro I have
to put on my wardrobe which by the way
yesterday I got the set there were two
polos this one was actually complete but
it's way too hot over shooting so I had
them like cut this and now Mickey
Stewart hard boy this is like I like
this is filmmaking in its prime because
look now it looks like I got you polos
on hey we made it to set you I have the
most fun cast name get it guys yeah guys
I'm coming damn bro I'm a
cinematographer this is Steadicam
looking good montage
please stop with the quake me clothes oh
please help me please oh you're actually
hard to catch yeah I'm gonna go ahead
and take over the vlog but again I
appreciate you what a good time what a
good time here in the Senate valid oh
man can you come to a trick for my vlog
I know you can do trick I saw you doing
yesterday spin spin spin
do it do spin oh yeah that was okay they
kind of suck that was so good PACA
definitely so what are you reading
no you have a quake comic dude Chloe's
character on her show spies of sword
that's supposed to be you wow that's
kind of like oh wow damn bro I want to
be a superhero maybe one day though gang
chilling outside waiting to shoot a
scene yo the production company making
this movie how you liking the March bro
yo the self is in the game bro this Sox
- these are little gangsters to the max
I have enough a touch my boy and my book
no merch Chloe's learning what real fans
look like those are what we call a low
gangsters they are in the low gang what
did you say when I wasn't recording
later yo I am good we just wrapped
reason I didn't make it a big deal was
because I just found out today's
actually not my last day like a week and
a half off so the vlogs are gonna get
epic again and we have one more day next
week at which point we'll make like a
big thing out of it but for now let's go
here guys we are in the car I feel like
this light makes my eyes look like
they're pointing different directions
I'm with Chloe and I'm also with Jessie
and I'm also with Ashley as a friend
we're all out here broom just get so
much louder when he's long no I have to
we're gonna go on Quogue ins first date
with listen here's beers we were talking
about these guys are my co-stars they're
my friends and I was a guys it's late
like I don't have a vlog can we do
something and we came up with an idea do
a show called date Logan called
Logan oh no like I see in the comments
Chloe reads the comments that like hash
tag closes like it's sort of a thing
anyway like I can't just walk and be
like not ready you'll wake me again let
me just reiterate needs the stop so
we're gonna experiment and see if Chloe
and I actually went on a date like what
that would be like like personally
obviously you guys know it'd be fire and
obviously and in this match I'm just
kidding Chloe confident like she's like
does she heard
okay you're on your very first date
Logan what kind of deodorant did you
wear to get ready oh gotta go with Axe
terrible I don't think it's the plans I
think it depends on what flavor of axe
oh you don't leave you don't eat it so
let's start there Chloe you're going on
your very first date with Logan Paul
what kind of jewelry anywhere I would go
something simple like it like you know
statement pieces like a few earring you
like that I just like look if I'm taking
on a date like okay what kind of jewelry
to like on women something simple
something like that I just said I talked
to Chloe
she likes Italian food I know she does
no Logan guys do you like Italian food
sounds like it doesn't like Italians did
you meet yeah Pisa is Italian no future
actually originated in Ohio
I would take her to an Italian
restaurant which one is called 300 what
do you order yeah be careful I order
pasta why you're always gonna get it cut
your cheese I don't care I've shoppers
yo legit the first time I was like I was
like yo I think this girl put water it's
it goes deeper than that it's like it's
like she doesn't even like I don't give
up guys know that I'm a maverick that's
what I think I live for that she doesn't
I respect it
next question
get your very first date with Chloe how
soon is the date you wait until you ask
her she'll smash oh here's the thing I
think Khloe would ask me about five
minutes in not this she sees what I
wanted nice young gentleman I am she
like straight up last night okay Chloe
the waiter comes to the table with your
order but it's the wrong thing what do
you do she talks as a waiter
I'm just mean to you what's your deal
cuz you need to be given a hard time
because you're looking ridiculous he's
ridiculous you guys next portion of the
interview we're gonna do who knows who
back what is Chloe's favorite watermelon
what is Logan's favorite saying yeah eat
a lot any Santa Angela and he says
that's my boy I just said like the five
things that you say all what did you say
is Khloe's least favorite trait in a
cast member me that's correct
Mogens favorite smell correct
on a scale of one to ten Logan how much
chemistry would you say you and Chloe
have we're looking 80 she stopped being
such a grandma and stop trying to
control me I think we'd be top-notch I
think we're at like 83 purrs like the
same amount of balls okay it's just in
my right testicle I only have 85% of all
if you didn't see a vlog it's really out
of context fighting me Chloe
YouTube cop I'm just Chloe and then
killer
Chloe marry kill Logan Logan Logan I
kill Logan
like I kill Logan and then I think I'd
kill Logan they used to pick up where
Annika it's fine
do you think you want to get buried I
see a bright future ahead of us I see
the light at the end of the tunnel I
don't think Khloe has given me a chance
to prove my work you know she just
assumes that I'm just an Internet star
who makes blogs every day and can't
handle a full-on relationship
but I could give her my best
or Chloe's the most endure hi guys
that's the vlog thank you for watching
I'm sorry we had to end on a domestic
violence Jessie's the only okay Logan
you know on my voice you can call me fat
yellow gang they're making fun of me cuz
that you know what's really sweet let me
say this to you family what a view
he really takes the time to do these for
you because they're important is what
how do I want to recap the day
I want to say Logan I love you thank you
guys for watching I know it's a bit of a
weird one but hopefully you'll learn a
little bit more about me and like it
subscribe to subscribe you don't sod all
I'm saying smash I will see you guys
tomorrow
the lispy good morning what's up no gang
poppin
