I always talk about how we're great
together the wall like can we make it
permanent you guys showing me show us
show us that it needs to happen but no
hi good morning walk home with Papa my
doggie name my dog I think Kong is
digging these new Kong to savage merch
t-shirts we just dropped
goodbye heaven I'm going to set be a
maverick
why did you why'd you change I like it
cuz Nikki just needed a change
he's coming back Nikki's almost back get
out get out of my shit expose you I make
I'm gonna expose you expose yourselves
ladies and gentlemen I can tell you with
100% absolute certainty we're shooting
at at school today I'm litter probably
scaring all the children so this is the
school obviously but this is what I
respect the most
my man just getting my man's I think
he's on the phone to my man's again Here
I am I think I'm a savage this guy's
working and doing sin I respect you bro
there are so many people on this movie
set we got like extras over there we got
the whole crew right over here and yet
I'm the only one that looks like a
charged
gonna charge game at alleged gel-like
colosso tweeted this at me and I feel
like I like it there they'd like you to
sit in please hold for the movie I gotta
leave the low gang Atticus banger sorry
guys 12 seconds later
hey guys Mickey's back again okay here
we go at la jelly kalasa tweeted this at
at logan paul I feel like this word fits
you perfectly listen Rastro filio push
draw city retro for the Oprah show sorry
Astro Filioque Ostrosky noun a
spontaneous combustion of creative spark
that is followed by action in order to
manifest and bring into existence love
this word feel like everything I do is a
rational filly over Sasha all the sudden
right get these creative spark let's
rocket to find then I do them bro that's
the vlog life well that's that rational
filio velocity the more you know anyways
yo look at this we got food but more
importantly is that mom yeah there's a
weekend your week it was live weekend
was lit guys we you guys know with the
brothers bonded we came back for the
first out of the WAP bro I just want to
address your second a lot of people are
saying it was a pub pubic-hair publicity
stuff you know for a fact to present not
like it wasn't at all
convenient opportunity vents that happen
to lead to what happened was fun it was
slide was funny but but now is yeah
that's me oh I'm a vlog I'll talk about
Rastro Filioque Strasse t's bro Rastro
filio prescribes fulfill your slogan
what is rap show raster yo physically Oh
frosty I want to know I don't know too
bad how many reasons do you think we're
in this little raisin pack we're really
bored guys fuck it in between takes I'll
bet you $100 there's 30 raisins
I think there's more than that no pill I
go under 30 I say definitely over 300
bucks on the line let's go up being the
box what's in the bag you could win 20
to 60 I appreciate that you're done it
for 40 thanks Carly I also appreciate
you there's 60 dollars okay we just
broke for lunch yo look who came to
visit me on set oh my god we got the
look gangster how did you get in bro
is it not closed off or just no it's
open okay I like the ham bro y'all look
good in this merch representing all the
time low you know yeah let's go link in
description bye oh let's go hey locating
it's me
not take over
Loghain I'm so sorry
rape ah no no games so sorry you guys
are destroying my brand we're helping
you
no you're not what did you say did you
talk about your leaky bubble you know
what happened I saw my camera's reversed
off you got to do it with the sound off
I let me tell you about vlogger touch my
hair what are you gonna do Chloe quake
me hey guys it's me okay
we actually realized that was Chloe we
actually realize how hard it was to vlog
were they boring guys yeah I'm probably
gonna cut happy Geoffrey it's me Logan I
was with you earlier okay as you know
I'm having trouble with my apartment
complex I feel like I'm gonna get kicked
out can we look into other apartment
places where houses house may be have
you been preparing that's my boy we're
looking at Oh
okay so new place to live is now in the
word so that's a good thing now we're
just waiting around for the next scene
oh my god have you done some heiko yo
they deck this thing out with cameras
guys this is how they do moving car
scenes in movies so we got one camera
here two cameras here director here
actor here hi Jessica how are you
looking beautiful it's what I've done
you worry about but the best part about
all this
your boy matches broke fucking straight
yellow on yellow oh my god I'm such a
chest
I'm in the car right now we're about to
shoot the scene but look across the
street yeah we got more little gangsters
there's my girl be a maverick repping
the little gang t-shirt yeah are you in
the low game obviously obviously hey can
I show you something Chloe wait Chloe
welcome to being so nice to all my fans
hashtag Logan realized all my fans
waiting on the corner and you just I
think those are low gangsters oh you
guys look actors you know what I'm
actually really excited that Logan has
jeans on her no I hate it I think he
actually looks nice and jeans and I
think he should wear them more like
would you smash bro no why'd you come
down I was sleeping forever yeah and I
thought there was a random shooting from
so much Feeny these guys woke you up in
there screaming shorty look what you did
well sure it's not me this is what I'm
gonna kick that you tell me where it's
not here you know great like over their
school don't watch it you do it
somewhere else yeah four feet that way
oh hi guys I'm home I made it up that
was crazy
first off I'm out here playing with him
and then I think there's a mass shooting
going on that's what George said I
really thought was a mass shooting like
oh okay guys we're hungry are you hungry
Evan yes I'll Kong you hungry okay great
Brendan great we don't know how to cook
Brendan do you know how to cook no Kong
any idea great talk to you later
Evan for a really good bowl of cereal
okay and I didn't vlog much today so I
figured why don't we take three idiots
and have them cook a meal let's go we
found the girls again bro we're just
trying to get some juice you know I love
it okay what up hi hi I'm fucking your
friend I'm talking on the phone who is
this Evelyn hi Evelyn I love you with
this
jazz it just took their phones he
started talking to their friends I gave
her the magic hat we think what are we
cooking it's classic brown chicken wrap
the chicken
all right so first gotta cut the fat
cookie what's your deal Bo I make you
famous on instagram this is how you
treat me gotta treat me with respect
oh nice of you to join us take this
we're cooking this is becoming my life
motto when in doubt ask a look you don't
even hear my joke what did you say
should never get to experience it I
guess the waffles I cooked waffle before
I can do this thank you uh chicken
waffles
what do you know about that
what cuz they make it a little joke you
think all set any short thing items
directly to heaven I've done every show
say you know what you come back I need
your help everything I suck a
relationship no I don't need your help
just so you know my boy and I are doing
fine with waffle
don't get anything bring anything seize
these that's right it is ass he's gonna
make chickens no I just feel like I've
slowly become the victim here sorry for
the things I've said Oh a li are the
greatest in the world
hallo you're the greatest in the world
and honestly I don't know what I would
do without and honestly I don't know
what I would do with us please help me
that's true I said you're great it was
dogging on me for not having seasoning
or batter I don't know what I'm doing
but I shouldn't have these if we crush
these up and take those eggs and mix
them together is there a possibility you
don't that you put like the batter I
don't even know how it's done
do these need to be crushed yeah done
does this leaves empty eggs in a
whatever this is Carter must have been
Jake Paul Jake that makes sense okay
just got done bumping up some eggs and I
guess she's making some sort of ready
yeah what are you doing you look do you
need help Hannibal
you guys I haven't seen you in forever a
century after panners Paris oh that
would be uncool yeah it's got my second
year oh would you ever drop out of
school ah thought about it
actually yeah I don't go can't tell your
first year right you made it farther
than me I support education but I just
feel like you belong out here go that's
what everyone's been saying I've known
avid for four years since the start of
mine
what if I convince him to be my new
roommate would you ever consider it
would you ever consider being my
roommate probably no okay Bob if the low
gang gets this video I'll quarter
million likes so you drop out of college
and be my roommate yeah that's right it
did look extra half a million likes on
this video you drop out of college and
become my roommate bro just do it bro
don't you think did that maverick spirit
bro I think that you always talk about
how we're great together the wall like
can we make it permanent
you guys show me show us show us that it
needs to happen all right let's finish
cooking this meal have some cheese what
are you doing this is gonna make
everything stick
you didn't ank you peg first I 100 dude
oh my gosh we are going in right now oh
my gosh hey let's put it in the bag
we're gonna mix what we made chicken off
with everything by a frenetic things
y-ye oh my gosh you guys it actually
looks good oh that's pretty good okay
not gonna stick around for dinner Ayla
no no chance
alright guys big news waffles are going
down bro can we just take a second like
I think we did it the moment we've all
been waiting for
oh I did a little too much but it looks
so good oh wait you put the syrup on the
chicken yeah chicken and waffles bro
syrup it was that crazy I've never
actually had chicken and waffles shut
the up so any guy know why why are you
so hyped about this whole thing like
your voice sounds just like it at the
same time I'm a go enough talk more eat
bread and prop that camera up and sit
your ass down
it would be so yeah you guys this is the
closest thing I'm getting to a family
meal ever I really I really enjoy this
this is good
wasting right first ever chicken and
waffle dude yo that's my boy bro
this is a good time to say guys even if
you don't believe in yourself you make
those chicken-and-waffle yeah I guess
that's it for the vlog on that note guys
I've been feeling more like maverick II
recently and like always I encourage you
guys to do the same to be different be
unique be passionate what I'm saying is
be a maverick I'm gonna continue eating
my chicken and waffles and I will see
you tomorrow
take it easy family new roommate 500,000
likes you want to do it do the hair
thing
I ain't a-gonna come to me how do we go
to the camera
