I've never gone on an internet day
before okay how are you guys it's one of
those mornings can't wake up there's
only one way to do that I know I know
good morning young come to eat good
morning puppy that's my boy right there
oh you know he's also mumble oh good
morning guys yeah we had a little
incident about an hour ago white
underwear can you put on something else
be a preschool teacher and I've never
cleaned up as much best you were a
preschool teacher or you're in preschool
gotcha got another little problem on our
hands what happen your phone is broke no
yeah why did you think you can't get a
SIM card how obviously I'm
with a fishing hole there's nothing else
pointy in your house but I have fishing
holes yeah you do almost everybody go
fishing go first item in the agenda it's
a gift shoot it's like a photo shoot but
with gifts I love walking Kong cuz he's
just so excited about life
so the building sketch level is somewhat
high okay Kong's kind of
high-maintenance he did request an
elevator
yeah you're a little Hollywood dog
aren't you Oh dick honk be broke and to
make it worse but I don't how to tell
you this you stepped in it bro yes I'm
so sorry bro the Helicon why are you so
high-maintenance I know for a fact he
just peed like 20 minutes ago he's not
even do it cuz you have to feed on
tables like everybody yeah the good news
is this place is lit yeah bro look I got
food boys I've got a little mini golf
I've got a mini dog Kinect for scooters
yo a wall of TVs it's like a TV wall but
with gifts is this the fight like you
hope is it is this the Wi-Fi code walk
you home bro that's my Wi-Fi code at
home that t-pain on here the cast of
River what now you're about to have Kong
to savage roaming you might be all the
way down tonk that's an issue ok you you
like
Hey good time photo shoot we are back
home right now except let's pump the
brakes real quick why what is this doing
why is this outside of my heart hey hey
hey look you're not okay guys
either turn into a man who knows how to
fix dishwashers or I'm being robbed
I know oh thank god did I scare you
sorry I missed you you always say the
way to stepson happens you literally did
not say English words right there you
did not speak English replay you always
say the way to shut someone up is what
introduced me to her friend oh one day
George I have a friend named George you
love George
no maverick says you do no I don't
matter so why is he here he's fixing the
dishwasher no no yeah someone's got to
take care of the house well here's the
real issue at hand are you getting the
boxing gloves again well I am cuz we
have found the weakest link bro your
dishwasher and you can't wash dishes
get them stop
what is this why this is here can
someone please tell me what is that
piece of bread just single piece of
bread is doing in the freezer
George you do this why why you freeze a
piece of bread and then it's good for
the dogs on the TV right okay guys so in
yesterday's vlog I said I actually have
a date scheduled for today yeah I know
hey come on it's gonna be great I'm come
on I'm a good day buddy
I have a good day ignore him okay here I
am I'm in the merch closet I gotta pick
an outfit that's gonna make this Go Go
we got the Maverick USA sweater we got
the USA sure we got the savage hoodie we
got the classic red maverick but y'all I
need something clean I'm good for this -
oh oh here we go
this is clean oh yeah okay oh yeah bro
we're going to come with it yo tell me
that's not like this is the sexiest
thing you've ever done sexy really a
little peek and a maverick glare just a
little peek I'm not showing the hole
it's like if you can look at the mini
but you can't order the whole thing does
he also do a little finishing touch a
little maverick hey I'm out of time to
see with the home girl alien things
thing my outfit I'm gonna my date today
yeah
yes she's but arrived from this part to
here good you know I'm just good I'm hi
Jenica
what did you do Kong okay hi I still
meet you finally
let's meet you too money come under this
is my house thanks guy oh thanks about
you kicked up this is my vlog channel
its Logan Paul vlogs with a fast-growing
channel on YouTube oh yeah yeah Jay Paul
no no you just sadly mistaken Yvan for
sure it's me so are you from small town
in Maryland nice
no I see this might be weird but I feel
like I've met you before you look like
someone and you look exactly like
someone I know
not all doors are the same person oh I
like that like that I just you like your
facial structure am I crazy
no she looks familiar we take neither
we're taking you on a date oh yeah oh
yeah my date
my girl is my dog calm he's wet right
now so he looks like a little bitch but
normally he's cool very short thing why
would you say that I mean like why do
you have to say short time you upset are
you upset we can go tell me from you he
won these are what we call them
gangsters they're part of the most
savage family on YouTube yeah very
sweaty hands you see my ass what hey
just go on a date so this is Hollywood
this is kind of my territory like
homeless people piss on it all the times
you piss back you know what's up dude
how you doing bro I'm interested going
on a date I thought I liked you too what
you said you liked me too so I hope or
that's my girl you're a real hot item
move on yeah I guess uh before its mass
okay
this is my date oh my god are they
beautiful gone
he bought hi nice to meet you - she's my
girl kind of lunch already what job
ready one job in the car there Brendon
vlogging bro bye
now we're just looking that way see you
later
I don't know this is a weird question
but can't pick you up can't have she's
mine
we love it we love Rosie left if you
take a picture at least tag me at Logan
Paul on Instagram if you want to follow
me there there we all are there you go
I'm a gentleman what can I say this is
my day tomorrow today lovely you know
what I'm gonna surprise you here come
sit outside I'm gonna sit right here
that's good poster and then just don't
move
I'll be right back with that good good a
few moments later I know you said you
wanted tea but I got us cupcakes instead
you make me so happy I don't even know
you that well what's your favorite hobby
I like shooting guns beings most girls
aren't into that stuff I kind of like
that I'm not like those girls so you got
a dick
maybe we shoot our cupcakes I got you
the smallest market fine yeah
one utility later that's when I realized
that I want to be a full-time blogger
oh you need a little message you got
with all the guys in the locale we can't
be afraid to make a move you need to
establish dominance right away yeah I
don't want this crossing - maybe you do
thanks I've ever been to a club where
people we on each other meet I do eat a
lot of carbs or like not normally
working out a lot what do you work out
like maybe like spots or something oh I
can tell you a really good shape that's
been Flik 205 holy so how do you think
the dates going so far Yvan I think it's
going pretty good I guess like he's
nervous yeah he was telling me he was
nervous earlier kids but I actually I
already used all of them the video I'm
on a date with my girl Yvan excuse me
you're making my date nervous
cuz I'm a vlogger bro who wouldn't know
this blog like ladies so what's he do
other than walking
I'm always bored eating walking smashing
vlog going on dates vlog
these have a camera in your face 24/7
not in my face sometimes they pointed
out in my crotch and it will be low
getting them honey dates you get on
tinder you keep is my first what do you
say we get out of here yeah yeah we're
gonna go back up to my place yeah let's
see what happens yeah okay let's go this
is a nice bed guy yeah thanks thanks
yeah I sleep in this bed I'm reading
this bad smashing this bed horses oh
cool
oh I thought I don't know what that was
gonna kiss you again you're very cute
anyway I can make it up to you you
really hurt my face Tong completely
you've been very hard for a girl running
- bitch - oh fuck okay I had a cool
thing that I was gonna show you and show
the low gang and I've been doing anyways
but just know I'm not happy I made a
mistake I just look I I was very excited
about that finally people have been
asking for Mon Kong this savage t-shirt
yeah cuz there may have to come and I
know what you're thinking Logan wouldn't
in opportune time to plug your merch Oh
keep this shirt as amazing even Khan was
a kid Khan
that's your merch I'm sorry he thought I
could maybe give you something to wear
yeah be cool okay yeah I'm still
recovering for my cheek but I'll get you
something I bought I got one for you I
feel like you're like this I sound like
hot cake if you look familiar
pregnant that was my god it's Evan no
yeah oh my god come here I gotta show
you something - bro there's a picture of
us - anyway let's get you out of this
dress bro this is weird
yeah got you guys yeah that's right my
boy is back
yattaman kiss me we're a lethal combo
can we become the Internet's best duo
bro only in the best duo ever and that
is the bug guys I seriously did just
drop these pong to savage stairs let me
get caught it's a joke because it's like
King Kong right but it's Kong's face and
this is Kong to savage with the
Mavericks Tembo yes whatever anyways
that leap for that the link for that is
in the description or Lobos I got slash
when I end my blog brought shake my head
at the camera you want to do wanna give
it a go
make sure to subscribe to in the logging
I will see y'all tomorrow
take it easy pad
yo give it tomorrow
