well hey why away I know because it's
epic man we got everything we need mom
what do you have is it's the king of red
fur hexafluoride bro this is literally
the best way to start the day bro wait
Oh quick can I interrupt you real
quickly before you introduce me to your
explosives yesterday with the slapping
you didn't slap me every time I said bro
didn't I mister hey you know you missed
a lot no down boy look at count every
time I say bro and every time I say bro
I'm gonna donate ten dollars to a
charity so it's on you up to $1,000,000
okay anyways bro go go king of random
brother the king of random it's the king
of random it's the king of random I've
never started a vlog like this like
where we just go right into the thing
that's happening for the day this is
stuff I made my basement just for you
you made this this is so random king
over and over I do yeah take your top
off you know who are you bro who is this
guy how's this happening bro no it's
true
with it this stuff is just basically
liquid air so like as this vaping is
just going back into the air
we took that air we cooled it down we
put in here one of the coldest
substances on earth if you're really
quickly to stick your fingers in I'm
very quick it's actually minus 321
Fahrenheit you're a wizard Harry we're
gonna try many people of smoke out of
your nose oh there we go
okay they're so cool they're like one of
these little pieces here what you're
gonna do is you're just gonna grab a pop
in your mouth and ask your chewing blow
through your nose it's gonna look
something like this
oh wait is this like that Dragon's
Breath stuff I have sea dragon's breath
inside joke I don't understand here you
go three two one
roll it around your mouth there you go
dude that's amazing
Omar Bravo that's a good staying power
absolutely last Noah not only does it
taste good but you straight-up become a
superhero it'll be the greatest day of
my life how can our hiking our hotel
like this is it deep breath in it's
crazy amazing this guy has no fear no
fear for us but oh it's right I don't
know these might have a little more
thermal mass which means you might blow
the smoke longer terrible mass of course
far as I know nobody has ever tried
donuts and liquid nitrogen before who's
gonna be the first you're alive I'm
gonna do it so this is gonna last a
little longer
we need to be moving your mouth quickly
okay shooter you're gonna get from okay
you might freeze your teeth and crack
them or free - we go what's it like when
you like eat the doughnuts without the
liquid I just because you're hungry does
that yeah just roll it around like a hot
coal three two one
Oh are we doing that hard
Oh - you get spit out anybody crunchy
too much no what happened I have no idea
did you get a G yeah oh my god these are
bro what happened if we took some orange
juice put it in a balloon and then some
pin it down and look at nitrogen the
balloon is being filled up with
carbonated drink I'm blurring that out
cuz no free brain deals it looks like a
little scrotum you know watch what
happens when it touches the vapor I know
it hurts so much
what's happening what's happening what's
happening king of random so I think
what's happening hopefully what's
happening is the outer layer of that
juice is freezing you know how to
coconut works we go yeah I know coconut
liquid on the inside that's we're going
for one of these so I don't know what yo
what what just happened bro it's got a
tumor it's expanding it looks like a
heart it looks like it literally looks
like a heart oh my god yeah I think
you're going a little more with this
thing and just like see if you can break
it oh wait what are you doing it's still
liquid on the inside oh no no this is
not cuz literally like drink it like
that huh you heard of the edible alarm
or the edible it's amazing how is this
possible outside it's frozen solid and
the inside stayed liquid and I was able
to drink it like a coconut Oh does this
have clouds are made this whole room
will be filled in clouds by camera now
what I'm sorry what okay guys take two
with soda yeah wait thing Kong that's
liquid nitrogen yo my boys looking like
a straight-up Savage
so we brought this over to the sink to
run it under hot water so we're just a
ball of dr. pepper
you're dr. pepper ball crack that open
you got liquid dr. pepper on the inside
like a coconut no and it looks like a
coconut to ground on the inside oh nice
this is amazing guys I'm quitting
YouTube and opening up a restaurant you
freeze things with liquid nitrogen poor
thing all until ends hello good old
classic helium everybody a lot of some
good baby
Walter sex a fluoride salt for
hexafluoride you have it wait we're
gonna try right now can I tell you
something before you open this I try to
get this for our blog I told me if I
handle it I'm a guy right what
he just says right uh ok cool let's try
I was gonna die he just goes all right I
don't know I think you'll be fine this
is the stuff what holy SH the balloon is
sinking isn't it crazy the blue Insano
oh my god it's just Eric this is your
air versus sulfur exploits you wanna go
oh my god that's so cool looking look at
the way it like the physics of it
doesn't make any sense
all right we'll take it take it more
more more more more more MORE
why does it sound like you guys are in
slow motion all right yeah get your palm
nice and wet there you go that's perfect
just like that
great now I'm going to do is we use this
bottle of extreme danger to bosom pose
some bubbles in your hand there you go
just like that and hold them over here
what do I do bro you just hold still and
try not to try to scream here yeah
sweetie one flame on yo you just became
a fire burn you you and Tori I'm the
human George bro I'm a beast oh oh
that's a big time that's my boy repping
the merch let's go oh my gosh oh my gosh
image when I light it you're gonna come
down and you're just gonna give the ball
high-five
oh sweet I don't know mug okay hit give
the ball high five oh my gosh oh oh oh
king of random bro I don't like how is
this happening bro how do you put Jesus
mother of God I try to hands okay as you
guys know I do some dumb things
sometimes especially with the king of
random here is here to help me in that
extreme date I'm gonna let myself in
fire I'm a body though where's God Road
no okay guys so before we go to the park
we are filling up these buckets with
liquid nitrogen this guy says he's gonna
make a club inside my house what we
think off you want to be a clown inside
the house give me a cloud dog you know
just beer in the cloud my buzz never
trust the cloud bro that's how they get
your mousse yeah exactly
you can't trust a cloud well disclosure
I've never tried this before but I know
it to expect it's gonna be epic
I know what to expect Road okay whatever
dude
three two one
come out of dude this whole apartment is
gonna conquer the clouds I know this ice
it's ice on the inside we forged ice
today bro it's summer dude okay some
time has passed slight change of scenery
we are at the bar doing what are you
doing
he's got no loyalty hi guys we have
arrived at the park you're walking
around I still don't know what we're
doing like the rest of the day though
I'm just going with the flow oh okay pop
the top and if you're not thirsty we're
gonna dump it I'm not thirsty except for
them hoes am i right oh that's my bag
that's my bad bro
grab it and that's in the flick of the
wrist don't be slow wait I just do it do
I hold the bottle let's grab it it's not
gonna hurt yet you just want to flip it
straight upside down like this
yeah just never seen anybody hang on to
before their first ever heck yeah I'm a
maverick how that I don't what to do I
think I got this someone
whoa that was loud
explain yourself dude you just made a
freaking nitrogen bomb he held it so
freakin hard I didn't have a chance to
rocket it exploded
it sounded like a gunshot no joke that's
the loudest thing I've heard in LA ever
all right should we go I feel like I'm I
mean that was awesome but like I'm just
not good at this don't guys we're
soaking wet Kong's barking yep all right
guys we need to get out of here before
the police come on come on no you're
making this goddamn it the king of
random bro I want to say thank you I
love science bro it was a great day
today it was a good day you guys want to
check out his channel he's dope as
you've seen the link is in the
description also bro I have a gift for
you because you are a magic my friend
when other people drink out of plastic
bottles that you explode them I like
what a guy okay guys one last thing
chefs to everyone who's buying merch and
posting pictures with the hashtag be a
maverick you guys are killing it bro
look look at all these photos man the
low gang is fireside Wow okay that was
an amazing day subscribe if you're not
subscribed during the family and as
usual I will see y'all tomorrow take it
easy
