oh don't do that
you're making me feel bad buddy I don't
want to be like this dog's owner every
day this dog just sits outside and claws
at the door and I feel horrible you're
never gonna get in dog you don't know
how to turn the door handle unlike me
I'm a good dad I got a ball hey puppy go
get it go get the ball yeah you see
that's how a good dad died okay looking
I'm not gonna lie to you guys I'm not
gonna sit here and tell you I'm gonna
stand and do that all maverick and low
gang merch is not 20% off this weekend
because it is we are only doing this
once get a while the iron's hot
oh this hoodie right here is the
favorite hoodie and help me help you
music video is selling like hotcakes all
most completely sold out I'm like go the
low gang is fighting for it bro the
Frick you wanted but it's almost gone
bro what can we do so I talked to my
creative team overlooking both icons
left shop and we came up with this oh my
god I don't even have this yet this is
not this black and white logo maverick
hood it's not even oh you brought I
don't have I don't even know I did you
like Muhammad created it and you guys
are gonna get it probably before even I
do oh yeah that's available shop the
link is in the description it's really
early I'm kind of losing my mind to do
with you maverick what yeah
because you can fly cuz you're a bird
because Kong can't fly cuz he's a dog
but I was thinking what if Kong could
fly yeah because you could give him your
powers I know I'm just kidding you can't
do that it's impossible All Right see
you later but what if I built Kong
something that could allow him to fly
would you like that puppy do you want
powers of flight oh you're so cute
you're just falling everywhere you're
how can you god you're so cute oh here
we go
up and Adam hi Kong Dukey oh Jesus whoa
I'm really proud of you you could do
this now seriously we just discovered
these guys Wow I knew this
come handy Oh oh no I left clothes I
left calling on my side where are you
did you pee did you poop I think you
peed you mother you peed on my shag
carpet I'm gonna kill you this break get
out of here the bad bad bad bad I'm
gonna be honest guys I'm salty right now
salty at this little guy he's being a
little stinker and at the moment he's
not worthy of flight but I'm a good dad
I will forgive my child take a deep
breath I'm doing anyway also this
happened before I left which made me
happy lash back kill the quack phone
outside the place these are like nearly
sold out so you're lucky you got one
Grove hey we're down the precinct
Congrats that's my boy Kong stop bro
give it up you're not gonna win this
battle in a flesh bag okay now first
things first I'm going undercover
you're like a spa the money drop vlog we
did yesterday oh okay actually this is
how I find Brendan guys as you know when
yesterday's vlog I dropped off a
thousand dollars over there and four
thousand dollars across the rest of the
United States for you guys the low gang
to find and we are actually gonna watch
who gets it today my man you are decked
out full camo this is amazing I kind of
feel like a stalker dude like we're just
watching a little bit easy with this
long leg like across this tree right so
we do have good cover let me show you
guys what we look like
now all we have to do is wait but I feel
like it's a good time to tell you friend
later today we're gonna make Kong fly
bro dogs can't fly bro logan paul vlogs
anything is possible
no to be honest guys we don't even know
if the money is still there by the time
we dropped it off yesterday someone
might have taken but kind of just
crossing our fingers right now cuz we
obviously can't go in there we have a
couple low gangstas in the natural
habitat foraging for some money but it
appears as if we have our first location
looking for the money the young man just
lifts up the great oh he's walking right
by it
he's walking right by Oh walked right by
he walked right over it it's cool
because we know exactly where it is and
we like know how close they are but they
have no idea
yo you literally stepped on it walked
right over it yep we got a running
little gangster she gotta find the money
where's the money she's sweating she's
hot she's nervous where's the money
she's saying I don't know where it is
but I love the Logan I have faith in
this in this running girl I really do
there are so many people so close to
getting it but no one's thorough enough
come on buddy come on this is crazy
what Security's coming oh my god oh no
maybe maybe it's our fault no maybe the
money's gone bro I don't have $1,000 but
but no I swear to God
oh you guys walked over it a thousand
times you seen me how many times no no
you guys were looking at my boys hoodie
though bro what are you do with the
money I'm in debt from school oh heck it
there's a huh birthday yo hugs I just
graduated a squad of little gangsters I
like that
how far did you drive 45 minutes oh my
god yeah yo you're the first one yeah
that I'm saying there was one there was
one that nobody said it never leaves bro
I know we were freaking out over there
I'm about to talk to him what's going on
bro some some freaking youtuber put put
money in here bro you doing all this
stuff problem can't describe me I'm not
in charge dude I don't know what's going
on I'm sure you guys know thousand
dollars more we're coming back within 30
minutes all of the money and the other
cities had been found here's an email I
got from the guy from Vegas oh good my
eyes are watering right now i will
donate half of the money to a foster
home for kids thank you again low game
for life yo that's frickin dope here's
the video Logan I just found the money
man thank you so much thank you
Abell my guy the pleasure is mine you're
a maverick my friend here's the video
from the winners in New Orleans a big
fan of you thank you I don't know that I
appreciate you I watch a rose every day
looking for life
I love let's travel to another country
bro let's go to Canada we're at the same
time words for the whole fam these
little gangsters everywhere guys this is
amazing yo well I could subscribe yo he
said it I didn't you heard it I love
that bro that's amazing ok let's go to
den you guys know my friend Mac well he
lives in Denver and I had him wait there
and video the winner finding hello sorry
about that that was a less you gonna be
here shortly but there yeah ok Mac got
video of you I already said this we'll
just watch it oh there is
yes yo what's up bro congratulations you
did I feel what's up bro
hey congratulations you want what are
you gonna do what are you gonna do with
it
calm down you're good absolutely what's
your name good yeah where's your mom
she's perking let's go walk that way all
right all right so you're the winner
we're out here in Denver Colorado can
you say your name again
boy all right drew see you're the lucky
winner you won the world gang challenge
you got the money trout he won t shirt
and then Mac face on me and I got to
face them the winner her name was Drew
how quickly to get here five minutes we
were here you got the money what are you
gonna spend it on low gang verse that's
what you got
hi well hey congratulations true we're
proud of you alright
I'll always be a member of the little
gang alright maverick be America amazing
Logan gangsters whoa gangster
congratulations to the winners one thing
I just want to point out we get a little
cheesy a little deep here for a second
one thing they all say they're all gonna
give the money to other people or share
it with their friend that's like that's
the kind of family we are guys we do
good things and good things will happen
to us
that's the maverick spirit that's the
low gang spirit let's go okay now
speaking of clothing we do a little
photo shoot down there what up G whoa
look a little flabby today right I've
see you've met Kong too savage I'm
adopting no no you can't not an option
no because well cuz he's mine no no no
now he's mine that's why I can't do it
sighs hey Brennan long time to see how
you do it yo her eye her account was
hacked today yeah you want to explain
the situation
no because Haley got an email saying oh
congrats you've been verified click here
to log in and she did without checking
that the emails from Gmail not
instagrammed I got her account hacked so
sorry little Ayla next time you learn
better here and deal with it clearly I
could get the breath yo first off
sitting down like this come on here I
could fix the problem I have connections
that Instagram well how long did you
wait like three hours you got to learn a
lesson and now I'm helping you okay but
like this is me teach you a lesson what
do I I only told you 12 times the first
is that you put it on and steal your
pants
in this dress you need a break
baby I don't have to breathe oh my god I
can't see cause the sun's too bright but
look who shut up for you Oh your eyes
open right now
yo what I don't know it's so sunny bro
I'm blind
bro can I tell you something five
minutes sure that's not gonna say - oh
she found Kong hey hey I know you try to
steal him last time but I can't give you
this dog like every girl tries to steal
this dog well why can't it just try to
steal me this is why Kong's of savage
he's the first man that's denied Amanda
sir how's it feel to be denied by a man
like glitter they all came in ramie was
silly I respect I just sat there they
started spraying me to drink I held my
shirt forget that ultimate exposure and
nobody knows how did you know this was
happening
hey Jake what's the gate code oh damn it
I did asking with the gate code was I'm
right on the right I'm gonna go exile
myself go Jake is mad that Amanda likes
me more than him
make Shana convinced Amanda to do piss
off that tell you something what I'm not
cool with Aussie girl on the interview
don't do it you were gonna do it no no
we have to act oh it should be a lesbian
scene obvious
Frank's are all fun and games until you
have to get down on the ground and clean
up after yourself row
look how dummy looks bro was it worth it
probably not this is this is a wacky day
bro yeah we haven't even gone to the fun
part bro we still gotta make Kong fly
month I tell me help
and it is now that I asked for the trust
of one more person and by person I mean
dog in the form of Kong to savage oh my
god I was like even though you peed on
my shag carpet I'm gonna give you the
gift of flight but I can show you
Oh got a helium tank how much was this
helium thing it was like 400 ah
oh my gosh do you think this much helium
is gonna float calm look he loves it
he's already trying to get at it this is
my boy he loves it he loves he got so
many balloons ruff we got all these
balloons were oh my god
we've already had a long vlog it's been
a good day bro I think we just get right
into step number one we gotta blow up
the balloon so enjoy this time-lapse of
us doing that I have no idea this is
gonna work I don't know science bro does
it feel floaty this is it bro I've
waited all day I've been through photo
shoots I've been through watching people
find money for this is it bro dougie
alright ready we're gonna let go on
three one two go gang take two we're
gonna let go on three one two three
you've got a plant you gotta play we're
gonna crank out the giant balloon oh my
god oh they go to eat feed so normal
balloon goes left on the foot that's 20
pounds wait what oh come before but
technically we only need to use one only
needs just one easy-peasy
nah bro we need more everyone who's like
nervous about like the safety of my dog
I'm a good dad you guys know I don't
leave my dog outside to scratch in my
window I'm gonna take care of I love
myself completely get it just know that
he will not be harmed I'm a good dad you
guys have seen it he's in good hands he
has a good hands trust me guys I'm a
like and subscribe this one's bigger bro
this is a big one that's what she said
hello gangster the guy over there just
kicked us out we're gonna tie this
second big balloon look how big this is
this is it let's go take this somewhere
else
alright Kong hop on your chariot boy
yeah
oh damn it it's still not working
we gotta go one more okay guys so well
they're filling up the third and final
balloon enjoy this type of car
but here's the issue because Eric's
stats are obviously wrong I don't think
we've blown these up big enough I don't
really care about me dying in labor
okay the final the final okay hit me
cold hey guys I'm gonna take off the
leash and strap it around the string in
case things go south CM Punk and my
legitimately fly one
oh my god
so it's like kinda where it's working
like almost
oh you having fun
what's it like I got a birthday goodbye
are you having fun mommy look at bogies
is chilling my food is just he scratched
himself long I told you when I got you I
was gonna give you with the most
incredible life possible and this is
party buddy
Eric bro thank you for making this
possible ID from man I didn't know this
was actually possibly in a safe way look
at him he's chillin my boys chugging as
usual thank you guys for watching and
living this crazy life with me when I
was a wee lad I never started making my
dog fly in the air her life is amazing
bro that's why preach being a maverick
being different being unique doing stuff
that other people don't I don't know
nobody was done this okay love game so
that's that is the law oh what a crazy
epic amazing day we've had congas boost
as you can see as usual slow game thank
you guys for watching man system means
the world to me and this is what I mean
by being a maverick like look he's
wrapping it right now I will just doing
this bro like we're doing we're changing
the game right
don't forget 20% of all merch I know you
know that I've said it a thousand times
today like and subscribe I will see
y'all tomorrow
take it easy
humans have learned to extend their
reach by lifting other humans up they're
looking through the trees but alas no
luck
