as you guys know I started my big movie
valley girl yesterday they gave me a
cool weird funny 80s haircut and when I
showered and came back to 2017 this
happened bro is this like gap here and
then long hair in the front it's a
disaster which is a problem because in
one hour I'm flying to Las Vegas to
present an award at the Billboard Music
Awards oh hi dad oh ha yeah wait I can
you prove that in any way shape or form
we had manager Jeff shirts made is you
had to have but yeah I'm presenting an
award at the Billboard Music Awards
correct what is the wartime presented
you presented the top social artists or
great just wait my Y Z not me am i right
social artist award and who were the
nominees Justin Bieber BTS Selena Gomez
Sean men oh you hear that Mama can I
come sorry alright I'll just stay home
and take care calm buddy why so tired
this morning cash of the log in your
shirt I don't know if you guys can read
it but yeah he's a set okay so why
anyway so since Selena Gomez is the
nominee I could possibly be handing the
O'War to Selena Gomez once I go her name
possibly your presenting with Lindsey
Stirling so maybe she's there things
don't make handle ng I'm sorry I'm handy
buddy award to Selena Gomez if she
wished she might not win like oh and
maybe Justin beautiful if she wins I
dare you to kiss her on the loo I'm
saying she's got the most followers on
Instagram is it it could be a viral
moment you're known as the viral
sensation - how you know why I can't do
that cuz the weekend that's why I'm not
gonna do it
wait what are the award I told you to
say that is suck your neck III say ax
you ready action
hey guys I'm Tamar oh there you go so
much better acting Sunday on ABC without
you
5 p.m. Eastern you've just watched the
Billboard Awards there was guys you know
me you know I'm gonna be a maverick when
I
on that stage doing my thing not
following the path of others and being
different I got a dope outfit yeah make
sure you watch True Love right here oh
this is another Kong where did you find
this brush every day what yeah that's my
hair I could use this actually from this
problem it actually kind of works
yeah that's disgusting get out of my
face that is true love guys that's my
mom goodbye couple hours all right we'd
have to split up for them like what up
do you like how's it going bro oh-ho-ho
could you take a left on Hollywood I got
a smoothie to go before I'm out Hey Oh
gotcha hmm guys I love smoothies but you
know what's better than a smooth private
jets yeah I am fortunate enough to be
able to take went to Vegas today
actually with my little Bros - why don't
we boys who I believe are actually right
I don't mind it this is sexy what do you
get when you cross a bunch of
Millennials with a private jet hello
snapchats bro hella content hella
Instagram yo Jack you do trick next to
jet you got this bro help me help you
do the honors boys Oh guys I'm not gonna
lie looks like I'm a baller I'm not this
is just really cool emotion that's what
I like Daniel makes everything look
better the correction though I'm not a
baller yet one day I will have my own
private jet
damn how does it feel bro I don't even
have words right are you the pilot
please do flying in the world's fastest
the fastest civilian jet six hundred
miles an hour low gang this right here
this is high society nothing can stop us
we all this is that holy was a lion bro
Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff it's a good step
chatbox to January oh my god I'm gonna
get deep so listen up right now this is
super cool and we're all like freaking
out there on a private jet put in like
three years
I bet it's gonna be like order you guys
I'm exploring the plane right now so
many drones what do you got bro we got
play they all came because they heard
their whiskey like whiskey I just did it
for principle back of the plane you
would think this is a chair and look
closely lo gang it's a toilet oh my god
no way no way only told you 12 times the
first message you put on is still your
best
or what you trying to cuz I don't got it
you know I know Scalini help you cuz I'm
hungrier than you I just wanna get some
food in you about to kill me
yes now might not be the time to get
deep but I promise and I encourage you
if you keep doing you keep being
different pushing yourself working hard
legitimately being a maverick you guys
can and will accomplish your goal I
never thought this would happen to fuck
but for the middle of nowhere in Ohio so
guys this is what a private Airport
looks like very small but very classy
sometimes the best things come in small
package which basically describes my
brother Jake we are on our way to the
hotel
do you guys know where you're staying
tell me I told the boys if the vibes are
good this weekend I might put 10k on
black literally last time I put I put 5k
on black and I won I got luck in these
jeans bro I won that's why I gotta go
high okay I'm black
you can't gamble is that okay yeah we're
too young I will gamble for you 20km
that's definitely Bill Gates bro that
right there that's Bill Gates the
richest man on planet earth lookit
that's definitely Bill Gates no way yep
yep there's a picture next time I edited
it although they got fans already broke
oh my god I get to see these guys blow
up right in front of my face and not
like actually explode like in their
career they're just getting bigger and
bigger
yeah oh my god Lions got a huge hat I
missed it yo you're right that is a big
hat bro but not bigger than that hat
right there can I have your hat never
mind
we in the boys room right now let me
show y'all so he's gonna show himself go
for it hey I thought this would be much
cooler but there's this like screen here
that's just ruining everything
stadium do some work I'll see you soon
as my boy these Melo bros are here but
ed nope no nope not yet
Oh
last time I was here was actually for
Logan Paul versus Cirque du Soliel good
memories bro good time but I'm just
saying presenting an award to Selena
Gomez my feet down bro no is that you
what makes you say that
do I smell color bye I love you I really
love them I don't know them that well
now we are somewhere backstage or
underground or so that I don't know you
guys can't tell Jeff did not brief me on
this and I have no idea what I'm doing
or where I am but I'm here tell me where
is it I've seen the story where is it
saw this on your Instagram story bro
what was it what did you find in the
bathroom no I've never seen anything
like this before but I'm guessing it's a
female star how did you put it in the
trash can Daniel one in Vegas yo you
flicked the right in the middle
Wow y'all got the nice look you walk in
the door bathroom massive ultimate smash
walk in the mirror giant mirror look at
the ultimate smash walk in the room
bedroom ear bed more smashing I got
candies for smashing and then most
importantly the view Mike yeah this view
doesn't have the little blinds that ruin
everything
I'll never let go Jack but over in
Denver you're talking about what happens
if someone builds a building like we had
this conversation yeah like you can't
mess up when you're building a big build
that building straight ahead it's pretty
big right mrs. citron
this building right here and then they
told them no one can live in there no
this building right like so many floors
I can't imagine how expensive this was
usually when you break something like
when you demolish something in Vegas
you've seen it before
q2 uh and I would like you into anything
that's that's it the point is Las Vegas
is up with the guy you know as you guys
know people cannot sleep in Vegas and I
also don't plan on doing that tonight
with them oh my god I've been I've been
that guy you I know that guy
no I know that guy I swear to god I know
that guy Bob wampa Zurita bro Wamba bro
people are looking
are you are you did you know you were
here in Vegas you know I was in Vegas
like come on dude whoa you okay we go
WAPA we're best friends you're me Romano
that was freaking weird bro
my guy said I was just joke I'm pissed
right here we were we were originally
not gonna have a waffle in the rest of
the vlog like make a funny comedy you
know but we're about to do something
really dumb because womp is about to hit
10 million on Instagram I want to take a
cool picture right that's true
we're only gonna post this if we get
into some trouble so if you're watching
you're actually watching this it means
something I'm good
oh yeah actually no how did we get out
of that house they officer this sounds
really done we're taking an Instagram
picture he's like up how'd it turn out
then we showed him he's like yo that
doesn't happen wampa its birth time
again I I've dealt with the police they
at least ask for your ID he must be a
low gangster
that's all I can
for the biggest let's go bye-bye I love
gang I'm done getting kicked out of
place I'll walk back home it's very hot
in this state so I took my shirt off
nipples out and on that note that is the
BLA guys I love you I felt like today
was a very maverick day good stuff a lot
of good things happened yeah good day
bro don't forget guys you can get your
maverick gear Logan Paul TOCOM slash
shop or link in the description get out
there rip the gear and let's change your
world together maybe but also do not
forget to subscribe if you're not
subscribed I'll see you tomorrow
Logan's family table man take it easy
as you bid
I have a dog and I walk my dog just the
way you're walking your children life is
amazing
