no this is it the pilot showed up
maverick the parrot versus Tom no
today's the day I'm talking maverick
versus Kong Kong Kong you ready to meet
your new hopefully friend oh you guys
here I'm squawking out their ultimate
goal is to have maverick ride Kong like
a lion
stop I'm coming but I'm gonna say what's
up to Maverick first after all it's been
like two weeks eh
Oh big stress what uh I guess Blaine uh
huh it yes Kong out there he's a good
dog maverick you gotta give him a chance
buddy can we can't just change the
subject really quick I genuinely miss
having you my vlog you a little bird on
the planet look at the diamonds on your
ankle maverick look how beautiful you
are yes you guys are gonna meet later
okay I need you to get you together
mentally prepared I love you maverick I
got stuff to do
he's not happy about it alright just
give me a set for my vlog just give me
one second we're just gonna have to give
this time Kong he's is that oh god I
can't have you guys I can't do this
right now I have to go to a skating
rehearsal roller skating remove sir from
my movie valley girl get back to
Hollywood right in the grind so let's
get showered and cleaned up look oh my
gosh Hollywood Boulevard it's been too
long
okay guys I'm rusty too this your boy
has to go roller skating which got me
thinking who actually liked roller
skates they asked me to bring skates and
I for some reason I had this got me like
wow looks like I'm a beast
no look at this this is a safe space for
skating I can tell you in confidence
this area right here would be torn up by
the fiery skates why can I do that these
are the ones they brought me guys oh
these are fiery you know this wheel dust
is no bueno
yeah my skates kind of suck and he was
new skates time Labs go
your roller skating is the thing bro but
I'm gonna be a pro by the time we shoot
the scene okay next on the agenda as you
guys know I have to lose weight for this
movie oh my god it's loud here a lot of
construction lots of people uh okay
anyway I gotta get skinny for this movie
and traveling for Logan poppers I'm
literally skin yells gravelly for Logan
Paul versus made that very hard to eat
healthy so I'm doing a juice cleanse
today yeah just picked up my juice is
here that all sorts of good stuff that's
gonna make me nice and skinny probably
hangry - yeah but it's gonna be worth
Yum Goong dokie where's my doggy I hear
my birdie oh no yo he must have
separation anxiety
I'm coming maverick yourself you okay
mommy oh my gosh this is crap I've never
felt this love in my life guys I'm
coming hi poppy hi I miss you too but um
I gotta see what's up to your new
brother I give me a second uh yeah I did
c-calm first that's calling I know I
know
look you're gonna meet him later and
you're gonna have to like it bye buddy
hi hi hi hi I know you're so freaking
cute guys I really only came home to put
my juices away here you go
oh my god that smells holy oh no my
pre-cut meals have been sitting here for
like two weeks traveling this is one of
the
you guys seen all these boxes which I
will clean up and gather and store it in
the near future however right now I need
to go to rehearsal for Valley Girl
basically we're just gonna practice the
lines a lot of valley girl today you
cute little thing I will see you later
car much hey yo so as the timecard said
rehearsals were dull I'm not sure what I
am and am NOT allowed to vlog I'm kind
of giving the studio in the movie
people's space before I just shovel
steam camera in their face regardless I
want to get fake grass to put on my
balcony for Kong to go to the bathroom
on this is me being a good dad bro I'm a
good dad also this is what I look like
right now this is me being a good dad oh
this is amazing bro things are going at
it also let me give a huge shout out to
my people that love SEC you guys know I
love to say I love they're the ones who
hooked it up this is called the love
Sachi
I love sax action so right now it's kind
of all jumbled but in a little bit this
is gonna be all so hopefully I can clear
this room out as you guys could see
freaking love that would be completed
later I have to go but first hey bro
you're still good bro okay good bye baby
did you miss me oh my god this dog loves
me so much I'm a good dad Kong I got you
grass you can play in it later we can
play in the sectionals later but I gotta
go bunny okay so you got stay home we
could work how we could play drums we
could sing songs that what is that the
behind-the-scenes camera oh my god I
don't know how to tell you this there's
only room for one behind-the-scenes
camera all right
and it's me in the loking all right I'm
sorry you gotta go you gotta go
yeah it's gonna be poppin I've been
doing a lot of music lately bro yeah
guys oh wait why am I here valley girl
again today lots of valley girls because
don't forget it's a musical that's
actually like totally a musical and your
boys about to get capped
the song slayed by the way guys look a
bill not cause he's a beast and be my
old apartment look guys it's empty so
sad guys but this is life you know I've
moved on to bigger and better things
like this not this not this we'll get to
that later but I'm talk about this couch
bro oh my god bro sex yo I'm chilling so
hard right now bro this couch loves sack
again thank you guys by the way how did
they set this up a lot of time lapses
today I also gotta say guys this juice
cleanse guys it's tough this is not
enough food food for a whole day what
your boy gotta be skinny a boy gotta be
a movie star but first I have to get pet
supplies for my boy Kong because as you
can see from these stuff for me no no
you're not
my dog I mean you're my dog yeah do you
know what today is
teacher Tuesday today's Gear's always
blow we joke but this is such a good
piece of life advice like whatever you
can use always whoa and it's kind of
ironic cuz me talking about my t-shirts
always plug on t-shirt Tuesday is
plugging in itself so or link in the
description always plug baby and lookie
these says sixty pearl anyways through
the song you like cats
oh don't be such a pussy the Cong were
famous we made it on TV yeah calling
that phone tennis balls big enough for
your mouth and look they say come on
this is amazing he likes that toy boat
put it real how can he stand this long
yo he's good
anyways pet camera here we go oh yeah
Kong come here what did you lay in that
oh I think we have a winner ladies and
gentlemen guys honestly I'm kind of
stressing right now there's so many
things to choose here how do I know if
he's gonna like it or not talking dog
shampoo what we got is this good yeah
you use this stuff John Paul I seen it
you know I don't use that shampoo he
might have found another bed from my boy
he's loving this this one is soft guys
this is cushion you can't tell which bed
to buy for him he just goes and lays
down in all of them what do I do but
first time I like
he's like testicle he just walks it oh
my god do you like that car do you like
that Kong I think I could get this for
you here you go buddy I got you bud yeah
my boy license I going in the car I got
a hundred dollars on come get him buddy
I'm just gonna go look Hong he's kind of
like maverick but he's not no no to your
right to your right yeah yes yeah look
it's kind of like maverick Shepards a
lot uglier than maverick I'm not gonna
lie in a little bit you're gonna meet
maverick don't forget by your maverick
March always eating dog food if I take
one of these four Kong am i stealing bro
yes actually
okay cool Kong come here buddy hey go
buddy like I stole for you there you go
kill for my child
I steal who my child damn bro I'm buying
a lot of stuff for this little guy come
do you know how to be thankful do you
know how to say thank you I got a gift I
gotta get oh okay look he likes his bed
guys we're calling The Blackout for you
oh you're the king now I call well you
enjoy your gift they do have exciting
news guys the winner of the contest that
I had with the why don't we boys
celebrating the music video that I
directed which is by the way guys is
that like 2.5 million views y'all okay
anyways the winner of that contest has
been chosen and not only has he been
chosen but he's here I gotta ask you
where you coming from Hawaii Hawaii and
what do you got him why did you bring a
pineapple um some people bring doggies
some people bring babies it's true let
me point out here bro bro bro bro he's
got this damage to another bone bigger
than his body let's go
oh hi mark yo first off I missed you bro
it's been a month also who the Logan
misses you third off bro you give it a
good time fine maverick meets come oh
wait I brought protection from everyone
question Blake brought a pineapple mark
brach condomless what oh that's bloody
one though I don't mind is broke
savage we love having what why don't we
watch why don't we put the condom on the
pineapple that Blake brah boys I'm done
what did you just say why don't we boys
the condom challenge with a pineapple
we're about experiment to go over here
on Logan Paul's channel no way that cat
dude pineapples get pregnant bro oh
let's find my bird in my dog yup this is
it I got mad at the parrot on my
shoulder I got Mark Toner behind the
camera I got my man Blake to my left
where's Tom bring the servers well I'm
nervous why they never met they've never
met broke and Kong barks at every dog
you see you do like Mavericks not his
Instagram lately and been like that yo
he come past never if she's gonna drunk
really show in one week joke that's it
yo this is it the plaza show dot
maverick the parrot versus Kong
this is it bro this is it no yo yo yo
the chillin bro the chillin bro yo yo
chillin bro oh yo yo you guys are both
silenced what's happening yo they're
chillin bro I've never seen this before
maverick me come oh no no cause chillin
bro maverick is afraid do napalms nature
just like the Bloodhound to attack ah
look Asian bro yeah he's full savage
right now bro come meet your new brother
oh never go on there's only gonna be a
matter of time
that's why do you running away you're
talking shit just morning
honestly I'm happy they didn't attack
each other maverick has some getting
used to today look at him but
stepping-stones he's sitting right now
on Logan Paul's book naked body right
there I appreciate them ever always plug
always plug it's t-shirt Tuesday wait is
it happening on its own we're not
forcing anything here take 300 they're
playing a little hide and seek behind
see gotcha
okay hey stop stop stop everyone calm
down everyone calm down
everyone just calm down everyone just
calm down I'm your man spring up oh yeah
you guys are good you guys are gonna be
you guys are brothers guys this is good
okay they're chill okay here's the
verdict I'm actually happy I see a
future friendship building this is very
cool
they look content like one big happy
family part of the law gang that's tech
savage you guys genuinely I'm very happy
right now my one boy my second boy don't
hate each other I see a long friendship
blossom a couple quick things guys do
not forget help me help you music video
coming out Thursday and I wanted to
chart bro I'm talking iTunes number one
son who set your alarms for Thursday
nights by the song 12:00 a.m. est 9 a.m.
PST the song I made with designer for
the ROC's channel is now out I'm gonna
leave an annotation at the end that you
can just click on to watch it but you'll
watch it because this song is actually
great here's like a little sneak peek a
little whenever we kiss like see it does
read dance all night to the break of
dawn then wake up naked on a stick you
long I understand that didn't give away
much but I think that's the point so
yeah go watch that on the rocks channel
and then the video that I made with
designer on my main channel so many
plugs which leads to my last plug always
plug t-shirt Tuesday get your t-shirt
Tuesday March link in description and
that is it for the vlog low gang I love
you all and I will see you tomorrow I'll
Kong you tired buddy alright guys that
is it take it easy bad boy always
subscribe and that is it I accept one
more thing do not forget to subscribe I
got another boot
like this oh my voice cracked I'll say
it again like this damn Anita cracked
again like this
