so Logan I know you don't want to hear
this because you think you're all
independent just but your mom I know you
can oh Jesus early I'm talking 539 am
broke
how are you young puffs hi I just leave
Kong you sleep well yeah we cuddle this
no big deal okay we got places to be
okay let's go good morning everybody
hey good morning Benny being up early
has its perks
this is one of this is beautiful look at
the sky on one day all of this will be
yours your little cold and chicken
nugget thing we have arrived at location
I'm slowly waking up I see I'm in the
bay you broke well I think I just heard
an alligator like dude that's what this
episode logan paul vs. alligator
wrestling yo I'm gonna die you you gotta
be careful you're gonna get eaten by an
alligator
what no I know I know but I'll protect
you yeah that's right Kong has zone
subtitles yeah planet your fly's down
oh my god I got your badge on you got
you so good better I expose you for
everybody early in the morning it is
7:00 air you know how I do being Kong
stay good dog don't my dog Bennett
mr. face
Oh
oh yeah baby look at that bad boy I'm
talking about a guy not the boat I feel
stupid I'm putting up some these or make
me put on this a full-on
alligator costume I think the theory is
that if you want to wrestle an alligator
you've got the common alligator I feel
stupid new costume look at the eyes bro
oh they got drunk alligator let me just
look like a big idiot I don't like you
oh my god I look so dumb okay no they
look like a big dumb dummy hey like and
subscribe right we going on the airboats
Kong unfortunately you can't comment cuz
you probably can eat in the just
remember buddy
just my paw this Gator is getting on the
air bug it's super cool up here guys I
got a little platform they got a fan
they got a little platform this is where
our crews gonna sit I don't think I've
ever done this yeah dude this is my
first time riding airboat go get him go
get him bet it No
your alligator alligator oh my god yeah
look it'll be wrestling you soon my boy
oh my god guys seeing an alligator in
real life and I'm not talking about me
like a real live alligator it's crazy
yo I'm gonna be wrestling these boys
except I want to get a big why were here
like are huge I want to go down in the
book oh snap guys are even closer yo I'm
here I'm one of you I'm like you but
human but look like you
we handled that not good yo this
alligator is huge how am I gonna be a
wrestling one of these things we saw
some good as we learn how to be a gator
now we are headed back to the other
place
a few moments later hey we're here we're
here guys our crew we all eat lunch here
in the car cuz we don't have tables
because we in the middle of Louisiana
by the way this reminds me you guys are
really digging the t-shirt Tuesday
savage March last guy then it's like a
thing that you say to like get people
hype and like hyper yourself would get
excited for the future Bennett will you
stop filming me if you want to swoop
yours hoodie tank whatever you got link
is in the description or looking Paul
the cop / I got one question bro where's
my bun was crazy man you miss U's crazy
come doggy I'm a bit tired you look a
bit tired you want go take a nap
what up dad just chillin you're the best
dad I'm just hanging out in New Orleans
wrestling some Gators and no no it's
someone in our crews and I figured it'd
be a good like fun thing but it kind of
got out of hand
yeah I'm just kidding I'm just kidding
you guys I did get this dog here is no
no it's my dog wait dogs pee are you
pissed I can tell you salty did you
don't shade me bro I do stupid things
I've I've established this in my vlog I
do I act on my instincts and I make dumb
decisions and I'm okay with that because
it hasn't let me wrong to this day being
maverick huh I knew yourself you know I
mean okay just as expected dad is salty
we are talking to him reminded me before
I even posted the vlog telling you guys
to go follow Kong and Instagram at conga
savage he gained one hundred and
twenty-two thousand followers overnight
what guys love Kong I love Kong
everybody loves Lu gong we are back to
shooting guys it is beautiful Louisiana
today look at this I feel like this is a
screensaver on a desktop
and we are cooking with deep frying
stuff oh look at this guys we got
crawfish and shrimp and a little sausage
in there to kind of like my dog who the
crew is loving by the way literally this
dog is an anomaly they don't make them
like Kong anymore sighs by the way this
is what I look like right now Mac you
like Johnny my son we got the deep fryer
we got some shrimp we got better we got
a lake we got the screensaver again
potatoes corn on the cob onion fried
alligator and fried shrimp and a special
sauce this is a real life it can't be
real life whoa Jesus mother what do you
do with this looks so rad eating them
you cook just straight out like yeah
just wait you just even like straight
out like I think I messed up that this
is actually delicious though thank you
everyone's so nice here why did you make
me do that
 Jesus mother everyone's shoving
crawfish you ready to go to second uh
here we go here we go
I think you should tie it Olivia I'm
getting juice and blood this is the meat
this is what I've been looking for my
whole life
hmm now we're talking about yo is
delicious
whoa that's a lot of South for one day
we're back at the hotel room I'm
chilling with this little fella you guys
I'm learning that Kong the genius you
see really like super talented good the
next like 30 minutes just training him
to be a frickin oh god my tripods in the
way freaking rude hey what are you doing
why turn upside down you're a weird dog
you really are hi guys I'm gonna taking
that Eagle okay I'm gonna take a nap I
legit only slept two hours then I'm
gonna keep living life keep being a
savage like Kong savage over there I
seen a little bit is the only person I'm
a maverick it's my lifestyle is what I
do about a dog his name is Kong he don't
even start with me on that
responsibility I don't need that in my I
don't need in my life
conch doesn't Congress and poop not
Congress and poop repeat joke's on you
I'm doing with the place I'm gonna put
him is in my lap so
I know you don't want to hear this
because you think you're all independent
just but I'm your mom I know better and
you can not keep that dog what I why not
my gosh what what do you mean he's so
cute he's letting chewing on the string
of my savage of the available on you
wait mal come on come on come on so you
called to tell me you called dummy I
couldn't keep him and then that I could
keep her thanks mom thanks mom yeah yeah
give up being responsible I did it and
it's great anyways go back to sleep
I love you I love you me and Colin gonna
vibe out okay I I love you okay not the
coolest of you mom at all okay I'm tired
I have a shower and I look like a hobo
so I'm noticing for the vlog tomorrow I
am wrestling the alligator could
legitimately be the last day with all my
body parts also quick shout out what are
you doing little puppy also I want to
give a quick shout-out this is just
people who like my videos the people who
haven't even watched it yet they hit the
like button underneath the other YouTube
underneath the you to it I'm underneath
the YouTube video thank you guys
seriously like like that I love that it
means the world to me and I just I hope
to okay ba have illegal okay see you
tomorrow
take it easy babe purse do you want to
do the thing here Sonny did alright
as you bid
we do a time-lapse at least she gave me
except to put in my end of my vlog
yes on you Bennett
