we survived the night in the canyon the
squad is right well what's left of the
squad is right there the tent is right
there and let me just say you guys know
this last night all assuming the footage
has been uploaded was chaos bro it was
cold it was windy I was gonna die
straight now I kid you not the way it's
so still out here like nothing's
happening how does it go from dare to
nothing nothing where life is amazing
anyway speaking of death today today
haha today's the day I could actually
die my dad and I he's right here did you
see him could see him cuz his head
shines in the light reflects off he's
right here do you see him say good
morning so today we are high wire
slacklining on a wire across a canyon
it's not this Canyon
so it's not this canyon right here but
you could see the chance of death is
very high I love the show and that's
part of the reason I do it life is all
about challenging yourself and doing
stuff to make you better guys cuz look
when I walk across this Canyon and
hopefully live I would be more of a man
I would be stronger I would be less
fearful than I was before
aka I'm out here being a maverick son
let's go we supposed to let everybody
know that when you actually run in slack
line it's just stunt them know at first
off he's lying I think he's making a
joke for his for his vlog like a nob
I don't do Sun doubles okay I do all my
own stunts in Hollywood bro we mean me
too I got my own son that's cuz they
can't find anyone to look like you yeah
bet it get it yo bet it's like a kid in
a candy shop out here and look at sky
number feels good guys ain't nothing
like good old night we're gonna do
better we can do better you crazy bro he
takes the pose he prepares for the
strike he bowls and the action is oh so
we're gonna wait to the sunset to do the
slacklining cuz it just looks better
when the Sun setting right like imagine
me like dangling over the wire you're
probably dead the Sun in the background
which means your boys got the whole day
oh what the Sun just walking around here
is random ass wild GoPros laying around
okay anyways we got the whole day to
hang out practice slacklining a little
bit more so i'ma head back into town
except you're staying here what are you
doing I do rough you said that say like
you have any plans are like I mean I
might but I'm a savage I can't tell ever
but I might go find some of your sock
line with do little practice my boy
that's true but don't die yet we'll die
later when we slackline can I just point
out that this road looks like the
perfect row that you could dump a dead
body on you look to the left there's
nothing except Bennett if you look to
your right there's nothing and if you
look forward to just change us because I
would know I've had to dump three dead
bodies and they were all haters boys and
girls and anything in between I am back
in the hotel I look and feel and smell
like a hobo before I shower is one thing
I need to check
the footage upload yeah Igoe shower off
and then do you want to go walk around
town yeah bro what happen it knows
um no speed nosebleed yeah Germans bro
yeah you should see the other guy man ah
you know American jokes I see walk
around you cha what is the first thing
we see what is that guys they're
chanting they're chanting something
climate change is real I'm a change is
real oh this is dull bro diamond what
English you want to join yes oh is that
yeah let's go climate change is real
this feels good climate changes rewrite
I'm hungry let's go
woke up on a canyon participated in a
parade it's a good morning bro I so
Bennett told us to meet him at the
quesadilla truck which is right there
and I see him bro look how lonely he
looks over there sitting all alone he's
so lonely hi dog you should be in a
movie my show logan paul vs. available
unwatchable
it wouldn't be as sad if you weren't at
a quesadilla truck say something yeah
please you see I'm sitting by myself
right yeah I did so where most people
would you know and I'm not interrupt hey
that person probably just wants to be by
the totally do you come over here
legitimate that's a little more than hey
are you guys no low gay are you low gang
for life are you out there being a
maverick then get your gear son let's go
is it weird watching a vlogger in real
life really cuz I feel like this whole
city is just there yeah we're just
hanging out right now the kids all kind
of surrounded Bennett what did you just
say I need to do Vargas what did you say
I feel like I'm in the sand the sand lab
you guys seen this movie look at his
shirt you're killing me smalls such nice
boys I'm gonna get a quesadilla
quesadilla I'ma be Timo I think you
should get the enchanted chicken because
your enchanted I'm gonna get the
southern belle because I don't really
have a good reason for that I think
Benny got the sweet and spicy because
sometimes like this morning he was sweet
at the time
man but give your names for the order
please let's do a bogan togas Teemo and
Logan oh yeah that's for Toby that's
also for toga now I've experienced a lot
of emotions in my life I really have
what I've never been this excited to eat
a quesadilla oh my gosh look at this
beauty quick quesadilla montage this is
everything I've ever dreamed of the
sweet side of Bennett did you guys see I
told you selfie
can you she's gonna vlog for me what's
the name hi you blogged me eating
absolutely never blogged before no no no
it's your first time what am i eating I
love it hey what about this guy right
here hi baby
ladies are awesome have a good day so
we're about to walk around town first
thoughts I'm looking around here I
challenge one of these stores to not
have Moab in their title ie gallery mo
mo mo AB make my web style coke and
trading co I mean this one doesn't say
Moab but that H should definitely be an
L am i right hotel mo mo AB dyno AB
Adventure Center I mean come wait a
second oh we're in Moab you guys don't
look now but there's like a sick
butterfly okay I guess look now cuz I'm
showing you but look oh okay come back
come back come back nobody knows oh I
think we have some low gangsters behind
I'm walking faster fast are they what
see you guys of course okay okay hey
she's gonna die oh don't I don't want
your daughter to die are we in Moab
couldn't tell the signs signs didn't
give it away
Haley he's by Wells Fargo you know
currently had a cool little trading post
they got a bunch of stuff here they got
chickens on the wall they got get goes
out they got whips if you're into that
oh geez that got so close to me we're
gonna play back
nearly knocked me I bought me fuck it's
oh my god cowboy hat my man looks like a
stud y'all good to have her anyways
where's my cowboy ya know I can't pull
this off no our hat I hope you found a
good head one here's a good one I like
this one live for that horse this I
don't think that walking back yo this
quesadilla might be a places pop how
loud you are compared to everybody in
Utah I will say it is a quiet town but
those kids I asked them I was like is it
weird to watch a vlogger to her life
they said no so all I'm trying to say is
case I'm up here is the place to be
there's no better place to be than the
same exact body dumping road we were at
earlier yup yup good for dumping bodies
don't forget guys the haters gay and now
we're back where we started this morning
in the beautiful canyons of Utah it's
slowly getting very real let's not
forget the reason I'm here is to walk
across a canyon on a wire this thick for
my show Oh today is gonna be a very good
day for me to practice what I preach as
far as being a maverick goes talking
about overcoming your fears right
pushing your limits and living your life
to its greatest potential I think we're
about to go down there and check out the
canyon that we're walking across so yeah
we my god yo can you guys see these
wires right here bro what do you think
it what's going through your mind I
don't think you know being says walk out
and a one-inch wine except you know what
we're not normal to pulse the pulse
let's go have you picked a wire which
one you're gonna walk on deck because
there's two there's one in this too I
think we both go on either one the line
drops you keep saying we're oh yeah like
you can slack I I'm unable to it's very
hard for me but you're good at it
well I'm good at every feet off the
ground going three feet off to grab what
my dad has tried to say if he were to
raise his energy a little bit is that
we're not used to doing it enough skin
Canyon no it's roofie we're moving fast
now he's doing it you know what it's
crazy in Cleveland I'm three feet off
the ground I'm fine with it I'm safe
landing here this one's even worse this
is like safe yeah or like no yeah I mean
we're harnessing what if it snaps like
could that happen technically if the
harness breaks you're screwed
you're gonna die in theory we should be
all right in theory the Titanic wasn't
supposed to sink you know Logan uh the
Titanic sank on my birthday the Titanic
sank on your birthday yeah well you're a
real asshole
I'm gonna go inspect just how safe this
is how long till I get yelled at by
someone in the production no this is so
loose boom and what about this what we
go ahead oh my god look in the piece of
wood the canyon echoes don't listen I go
looking for life I'm not broke out
submerge your eyes nice you guys so this
is the view what laughs this is
literally an inch thick and we're above
a canyon but you know I said someone
from production not my own dad Justin
you're nervous he's not yelling at me I
don't know if it counts
holy guacamole so our expert Heather is
actually testing the line right now she
looks like she's flying yo this is crazy
you guys she is a professional I am with
Joe much from Ohio I am screwed holy
crap dude look at this I'm gonna have to
make a suicide no oh no he didn't he
just whew just found I have some final
things that I want to say okay guys so
I'm surprised that this is the first
time that I've done this but I know it's
safe and I can't rule out like dying so
this is my goodbye goodbye to everyone
in case I die I'm only gonna have
someone posters so in case I do it
something does happen like this isn't
gonna go on the vlog uh otherwise
because actually I'm just kidding you
yeah but I want a dramatic blog that's
sick anyway um okay here's what I want
to say one I'm the happiest I've ever
been in my life right now
so if today's the day if God has chosen
me for this day so be I'm content I'm
happy and I'll be I've been going in a
beautiful place number two big thank you
to you guys the low game for watching my
stuff everyone who's ever watched a
minute six seconds of my stuff started
off on vine thank you guys you have
allowed me to live it's like a blessed
life and I appreciate
forever number three shameless merch
plug but actually does mean something in
this situation be a maverick I seriously
encourage you guys to do you be
different and follow your passions
number four I'm gonna kill this high
wire bro let's go okay when you fall
which is probably gonna happen hopefully
not all the way to the ground there is a
certain way to get back up which I did
not learn until just now okay here we go
I didn't hit the ground I'm so you guys
don't want to sing a song describing my
current situation I am so I've never
felt this oh yeah I can't sideline for
shit this is how you prepared that you
make my producer walk on your back okay
me next get it whoo this is it it's
almost Showtime yeah this is getting
real bro this is real house is getting
real except you know what I'm hardly
confident I know oddly calm I knew you
were gonna do it I didn't do it yet I
knew you're going to cuz this sick
giving up on the lines from sitting to
standing I could do it is the hardest
part to know because I'm gonna be with
that muscle did you try to with that
failed then successful knuckle-touch
this is it guys the next shot you see
will be me attempting to go on the wire
low gang you guys know this I said this
wait wait wait actually if I die no come
back come back come back this is
important if I die Benny
will you upload this footage promise
dude come on you have to absolutely no
gang next time you see me is cool time
hey what's up okay I'm not gonna give
away too much you guys gotta go see the
actual episode by the way don't hate me
for not giving away spoilers but I can't
guys I gotta save it for the show
otherwise it would just be like a big
YouTube video on my vlog channel at
youtube.com slash Logan Paul vlogs
always plug ok I'm not gonna lie after
doing this crazy I've had it with this
Canyon so I'm gonna get that first
wrapping up the team is all here and
also
okay that's got out of hand quickly but
yo that's why I love this team man okay
and that is the vlog low gaming as you
can see I'm ending the day like I
started the day looking like a hobo
oh oh hey I appreciate that grateful hey
I'm proud of you I know I don't say it
often but I am you're my dad stuff and
party too little tonight son do you want
to do my sign-off tell me like and
subscribe don't forget like and
subscribe okay now you gotta say I take
it easy fat piece and then just shake it
easy peace no you gotta get hit the
camera take it easy peace
no with the head about you got no hair
somewhere
