I thought we were gonna die on the high
wires what I think we're gonna die
tonight dude I have hypothermia I can't
feel my fingers
yo what's up so we are in Utah
right now it's the first day of Logan
Paul vs. highwire slacklining with my
dad who apparently thinks he's a vlogger
it's like when I go to the store you're
holding the camera they're like you
can't videotape I'm holding the freaking
camera just cuz I'm holding a camera so
how is it like that at all it's like
that zero it's like that negative one
anyway today we're going to the canyon
that we are gonna cross and do some
slackline training which is good because
I practice twice you guys saw that
freaking suck in the instructor he said
I gotta practice like ten hours a week
back to zero who can fall to my dad
but it's okay I got this baby I'm a
maverick let's go whoa can he's touch I
sorta gotta admit these emo ready this
black light oh yeah
so before we go downstairs I just want
to point out one thing come here quick
well okay so this man convinced them
okay how do I say is I the instructor
that told me I need to practice every
day he was a dude and my dad's like yo
this is really like you slack climbing
chick quick babe be sure so long story
short they fired the dude that was
originally coaching me because my dad
convinced the entire production team
that we need his hot girl that teaches
how to walk on a wire the name of a girl
who knows superstar and she's really
good at it and I'd go you're crazy
we haven't fired this guy he lost his
job beautiful she's in this black if you
my dad's sad not you Timo I already said
good morning to you to everyone else no
creep oh I see our new instructor the
girl that we were just talking about if
you look closely she's over there you
can see her right there in the center of
the screen
that's embarrassing oh my god anyway
she's not an expert at getting stuff out
of trunks but she is an expert at slag
lab we're going to this first practice
area where these two are going to do our
opening vlog and then Lachlan is talking
eat there be respectful stop man is
talking and then that'll take oh this is
our vehicle for the weekend check this
out yo this is heavy-duty son I feel
like I'm going to war yeah
do you feel like a man I am a man music
for too long because you'll get
copyright shake you listen on that one
cut out that part there's too many
cameras going on you I see stop dad stop
three GoPros I can't hang yeah yeah I'm
excited
why you came me out yo you're good
you're good looking guy I just you say
to Heather by the way guys this is
Heather our instructor she's a savage
yeah I
she said she's okay she spends a lot of
time around a lot of guys I'm like no
I'm still giving her a warning I'm just
saying bro as if enough of my life
already isn't recorded like why have
three GoPros what's up with the GoPros
Benny bet they are they are the
recording right now who turnable the
government is always watching the
government turn them on on the road
again
again damn bro this place is beautiful
it reminds me of my brother Jake so you
know you think you're a vlogger I have a
wok now you think you're a vlogger mom
mom also thinks she's a blogger I don't
know if you know this this is my mom on
Instagram putting my dad's has to
pretend um are you mad bro that's
because her clickbait says he is so mad
oh the prank wars between my parents
beginning driving in the backwoods of
Moab Utah got a dirt road in front of us
it's time to bust out a little country
driving down the dirt road hey and I
don't know where it goes hey hey got a
big nose eh and he's got a lot of
forehead that shows that's true numero
uno reached oh oh yeah I feel so free
chop you guys you'll never believe it
bro but it's to Eminem's your hair
that's crazy you guys my lap is cold
everyone is freezing their butts off not
me I'm smart
I brought sweatpants guys we've been
shooting all day we're not even at the
first location anymore quad this one is
freaking doll look at this guys this is
beautiful hot damn Utah you done it
again from Utah view or a girl my agent
blonde hair by 5 7 I could smash smash
I'm just kidding guys I like all sorts
of girls I like blonde brunette redhead
alien Asians no that's not what I'm
charged the beauties on the inside
that's what I tried telling you earlier
the beauties on the inside I know and
that's why I accept you cuz the outside
of this trying to find this campground
where I sit you sat it over there wow is
this the campground this is what does
nothing so apparently guys we have like
a camp counselor 2 of them I think
they're right there so they're probably
gonna tell us about like the rules and
stuff which we know I don't follow
that guy wow that was easy asks is in
charge point this way anything that
happens is Bennett's fault I love you
bro I appreciate that little of his past
back bye okay no that's actually go
broke good vibes out here in the you to
open it's funny you're flying why cuz we
can turn around I'm talking some more
huh might even let you put that camera
in my face Bennett for a while we shot a
lot of stuff he is like a kid in a candy
shop right right I mean look at it and
apparently we're not even at the cool
spot if you follow me on snapchat or
Instagram at Logan Paul there's a good
chance you've already seen but yo my
little brothers - why don't we boys just
drop their EP but those of you who do
not know an EP is like an album but with
less than anyways it just dried it hit
number three on the iTunes pop charts
look right there but right next to Bruno
Mars bro now given our beautiful
location check this I think it's only
appropriate to do a montage than one of
their new songs tell me well okay the
song is called tell me sorry about that
everything I gotta go I'm done I'm just
being honest anyways
I don't give it away tomorrow it's gonna
be you know above a canyon the Sun is
setting right now now we are pitching
tents to camp out let me tell you guys
it is freaking cold none of us expected
it to be this cold or windy cold windy
we little tent man oh my goodness thing
this is stand a chance against this cold
Utah wind blow my cud everyone's talking
about what they want to do right now how
you doing Greg oh my gosh this is rock
ice I keep saying it but like you don't
know until your Everest freaking out bro
you got a crew that's wanting to die
toughest crew it's a bunch of savages am
I wrong you might be wrong I mean I'm
just saying that's one scene I call them
as I see some I can light your own shots
but you should direct something up ten
number two are you guys doing in there
go ahead for Jim this is a disaster
everyone's calling me bro I'm just one
person I'm a vlogger I'm barely a person
what are we having for dinner they got
steak and I order steak out here yeah
what do you want from me gosh darn it I
will say to take a look at this guy you
guys see that horizon there what what
what what oh I'm vlogging brah look at
Greg Paul taking charge like the man he
that's what dad or should I say nice
work guys you guys got skills bro I'm
glad I could help my light brothers yeah
hey guys you know what if it's all just
aliens hey there's a live look out of no
idea you can rock you chose Bennett
you're a met Leo Katie's got a bigger
rock okay lemme see I rock
yo yo are you serious right now I'm a
boy that's what I like that I like you
have team Oh bro I thought we were gonna
die on the high wires what I think we're
gonna die tonight dude I have
hypothermia I can't feel my finger like
actually there is a honey bun here whoa
wait you got honey buns Cantina bro stay
healthy
no nothing you could say or do will make
me that honey bun swiss rolls guys hear
me knows me too well I can't do it
preciate Sears talk this is a prime
example guys of the vlog life being no
jos is what we do this i mean this is it
like here's the thing I don't have a
thumbnail or even like a title for the
vlog I don't even know how long it is
this is bullshit this is no longer
camping brother it's just surviving
that's funny
me but besides me what you're
complaining I'm happy would you yo we
got Swiss rolls and honey buns yeah we
do how are you dying you look like a
lumberjack caveman right now
it's bad guys unless you're here I'm
telling you you don't understand so
obviously guys for this episode my dad
and I had to sleep in our tent broke can
you go to the hotel upload the footage
the jokes aside broke cuz like if this
footage doesn't get uploaded I'll like I
haven't skipped a day in 200 days bro
yeah like the powers in your hands the
low gang is relying on you okay yeah
promise me that's my boy my boy all
right bro also I need to do my sign-off
all right you all right yeah exactly
all right take the camera guys I don't
know I'm so sorry about this vlog I'll
figure out what they call it and title
and everything tomorrow will be better
tomorrow we're actually crossing the
canyon on the slackline by Timo take the
camera with great power comes great
responsibility
good bye all right looking so I'm back
in the hotel now and you know I gotta
save this vlog lat
so let's see hopefully these key works
all right
so fam you know I got you take it easy
we'll see you tomorrow
if you bid
nice pillows we do Oh
oh wow oh there's actually go
