so he's going to say I'm a hands-on
director but I'm also a pants off the
record so you by the time you're
watching this is Saturday
congratulations that's a good day pay
their future Logan sorry for the
interruption I made a mistake I realized
it is actually Sunday your Sunday which
makes me a big dumb dummy anyways past
Logan take it away so make sure you get
out there and give a dollar to a
homeless man what anyway yeah Mavericks
upstairs we brought him here from my
other apartment it felt bad for you were
leaving him there but I'm still sleeping
in this apartment I'm not gonna lie
mainly because this one still has Wi-Fi
laughter well anyway I feel maverick
we're in the process of moving bro
seeing how the house is empty and that's
why I had to bring you back here oh now
you understand I'm about to go work out
and oh that's embarrassing just fell and
I got it on camera you can't run away
from the truth
yes no you can't so yeah your boy needs
to go work out right now and then I'm
directing the why don't we boys music
video shoot for this song something
differents day two we are on location
today meaning we're moving around to
cool locations oh it's gonna be dope bro
is that right oh but yeah it's gonna be
dope so if you'll excuse me I gotta go
okay it's out here we are yeah I'm out
here in the gym it is bright and early
and it's time for you boy to get a
little sweaty got to say it's been a
while since I hit the gym though as you
guys know so that's a good start
you know this key on the ground I was
stretching and they saw this key bro
well could it be knows what this could
be for bro it's gonna be the key to
someone's heart well like a baby's heart
maybe okay let's go
can't see but maverick is on me right
now today's is part two of making the
most heat music video on the internet by
the Maverick loves being up here see
keeps making noises since there's no
furniture
it echoes and home he knows that he's
louder over here isn't that right buddy
yo maverick wants to take a bath so bad
right now I filled up the water bowl and
you won't even let me set it down I
gotta say man in my next life I'm coming
back as a why don't we boys look at this
bro they're kids look what they get to
see every day and just all of this stuff
in this giant house man I'm jealous is
first what young adults you're young
adults Daniel
bring it what are you gonna do huh it's
a Montpetit sushi what is this my boy
speaks French ah Oh cabbage head I've
never even heard of it first shot of the
day is over here with my man Corbin good
morning brother
oh whoa what happened you're I do punch
myself in the face I do wait what why'd
you do that have bored I know I got one
thing to say you my boy right you my boy
I'm with you bro okay so we were setting
up the first shot it's really awkward
are you good yeah then we're good here
like see how this fingers on his cheek
no not literally right now you said it
like it wasn't a sexual joke
looking good yeah you guys see this look
at this shop row with the Lambros hoodie
reflection let's go those Aggies Corbin
single
you got a you got a girlfriend what
would she say that would be like the
psycho girlfriend laughs like yo I
noticed something about you your black
eyes gone did you lie to me about
punching yourself in the face yeah okay
okay bro I don't know how to tell you
they don't look now but there's a pack
of human brain the human brain you're
inside the human brain hello germs the
germs oh you are a gerbil broke
crazy-good volcano that's how the
volcano if you stay still though you
won't fall in okay my boy you're on a
green screen it's safe you're good to go
location number two we're going to the
woods my boys x cuz are you ready to I
can't tell you got sunglasses on to
heaven or to our location Phil location
huh either works to be honest
yo this is dope Zak yo I'm gonna do a
2-second like nature II montage just
look cool for two seconds ready and it
actually looks frickin awesome
are we gonna fill me with a camera if
you look closely you'll see a gecko
sitting on a rooftop he's going he's on
the move our gecko is on the move I
repeat gecko is on the move he goes up
and over a ledge he's doing push-ups get
it 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 strong go back
echo you're a strong one okay
situational I'm gonna tell you about
that life is no joke you noticed
yesterday's vlog is late on the upload
it's cuz I'm shooting this guy's if I
ever have a late vlog it's because I'm
like working or don't have access to
Wi-Fi or blah blah blah today's the
Wi-Fi problem but have no fear no
gangsters I got you adult me advises
against this young vlog Logan advises
for it go Zach
Oh see yes but no yes but no you I think
you have to hit the house thank you God
do it goodbye boss
so as the director of this shoot oh
you're forgot my direct your head yeah
wait no I didn't it's in my bag I need
it all right working on the Hat that's a
little bit of an issue but uh apparently
I have to stand in poison ivy no it's
not okay it's not poison ivy you're
gonna stand where Jeff is standing see
how he's safe and fine and not itchy oh
I'm gonna be honest he punches AK in the
face and still probably look better no
you know you're fine cuz my man okay
that doesn't make any sense biologically
you're 100% inaccurate all right guys I
got the Hat I think it's about that time
pictures of poison ivy that's poison ivy
it's not just ivy no just no poison it's
just plain old Ivy broke no this is I
brought cheese what poison ivy Belson no
Bo you have thin skin he's like look at
my cheese stir red bro
no you look it up guns up drugs are
login to the house look at this shot by
the way you want dad you want dad
remind me of bro look of a son what
cousin just Beast you know our mommy of
bro
James Cameron I think you remind
yourself of James yeah I do yeah bro do
you guys know who our mom yup do you
know how Christopher Nolan is who
directed the Batman's and inception our
mummy of him okay we wrapped location
number two zach has poison ivy
everywhere now going on to location
number three and as usual we are
fighting the sunset onto the beach bar
oh I'm not getting naked don't I'm
saying no okay we have one shot left at
the beach my man are you ready I don't
know I can't tell you
yo don't look now bro but it's that guy
from the hangover I don't think you
should curse around the child oh this is
crazy bro I love that guy he was great
in that movie I love your work to be
honest any mom I see does that not look
like a crashed airplane it's a
combination of a crashed airplane and a
greenhouse talk about efficient to here
the honey's are here what does guy have
no robot get her shoulder bro she's
scandalous bro get it girl work it post
on Instagram you'll get famous yeah you
can jump bro you're not my boy my man I
have another opportunity okay all right
this is gonna be another montage Samanta
this one might be like four or five
seconds let's do it not to all right let
me start walking forward and
she's gonna say I'm a hands-on director
but I'm also a fan
yeah
I got distracted I forgot we have a
music video shoot look guys it's a
picture of me now it's the green screen
okay I'm done with the green screen I
want to sexy Instagram photos to post on
my Instagram Pat Logan Paul Jonah did
the voiceover yeah of my own Instagram
shut up yeah there's dolphins over there
guys yeah that's a dolphin yo two
dolphins
three four five dolphin after seeing
dolphins after an amazing music video
shoot two day music video shoot thirty
thousand dollars I was put in charge of
what there's only one thing that could
make this better and that is this little
ladybug on Jeff's hat bro that's good
luck did you know I named it Melissa
Melissa your good luck did you know yo
Jeff Melissa is a slut before she's
leaving because you've given you a head
bro okay all jokes aside I'm actually
really proud of what we accomplished in
two days guys y'all killed it seriously
we killed it thanks bro I have bad news
though
yeah director Logan he's signing off for
the day what don't do that guy broke I
need a photo with you please he wants a
photo with manager Jeff yeah I'm making
you famous there we go here we go here
we go ready three two what did they
brought freakin love those kids in the
straightest way possible good vibes good
music good hair look at this bro as
usual thank you guys for watching all of
my friends literally everyone I know is
that Coachella and me I'm at no chela no
if you were not subscribed make sure to
subscribe and join the low gang guys
cool things happen when you do it like
you will
grow wings I've seen that happen
happened to maverick crappy joke okay I
know I'm tired but that ladybug joke is
funny right okay I'm done talking I'm
delirious slow go see you tomorrow
