gotcha bitch today is the first day of
shooting my show Logan Paul versus you
guys just you know this is one of my
favorite shows to shoot literally just
an excuse for me to go out and cross off
items off my bucket list
the first episode we are shooting is
Logan Paul vs American Ninja Warrior yes
this show as usual I'm running late he
directs the show Benny say something for
my vlog get the camera ready come on
just says one thing come on bandit don't
be such a debbie downer
so on the Call Sheet they said have come
having eaten breakfast I didn't do that
snack yo but they're also carb heavy bro
Korea I'm talking crazy guac cookies bro
cookie team of eating cookies breakfast
no no don't move wait emo don't move
Teemo you're surrounded by penguins bro
team I swear to god you're surrounded by
penguin bro I am not like you
Teemo you're back in your home of Egypt
the Berlin Wall
Timo you're in the sky Timo you're
falling come on bro just say something
nice for my vlog Bennett come I just say
one thing then two amazing things going
on right now I'm scrolling mmm two
amazing things going on right now I was
scrolling through my Instagram and my
mom posted this look at that she's being
all young and cool since when does my
mom do the peace signs on the eyes like
the crooked peace sign yeah it is second
thing look at this table of fruit oh my
gosh so as you Americans your warrior as
you guys can imagine it was inevitable
we are cutting fruit today like an
American Ninja Warrior they don't do
that on the show but we go come on I'm
trying to vlog with the lights that
don't cut but we do son we come through
here oh wow I'm doing this lot today I
got a chill deep dad yo is this where
we're chopping the fruit bro director
Bennett directory and tell me yes or no
but I know you see the camera right to
say yes or no I'll just go ahead and
tell you guys this is I think we're
we're cutting the fruit today it's a
spicy this
I see spicy hardwood floor we got lights
that Oh God is it bad are you scared of
look okay good because this is what
happened this thing hooks me right there
bro and then just pierce me somebody in
Jocasta oh you know what the dope thing
about this clasp you know easy nipple
look at the toes but I got webbed feet
bro this is actually really weird and my
toes feel weird too that's okay
okay next up I think we are smashing
something I think we're smashing a jar
of pickles so we are currently setting
up for our fruit cutting shop man it is
bright but check this out look at them
tossing fruit good toss guys nice this
is gonna be epic man this gonna look
like a 1990s ninja movie again with the
slices Logan what are you doing - hot
sauce - look there's me behind me hey
whoa watch it okay it's a doggy
I made a doggy you guys want to know
something funny back when I made youtube
videos when I was like 14 I made
actually a fruit cutting ninja a ninja
fruit cutting video and it was so bad it
was so bad but I will say before like
these videos were a thing I think mine
was like the first one I actually think
I was 13 so this was in 2008 take a look
I know it was bad but yo that just shows
I've been making videos for like forever
and hopefully today's is a little bit
better
it was my father's I'm just kidding my
dad's a realtor in Ohio no samurai yo
this is no joke again I don't know whose
idea it is to keep handing me sharp
weapons my name Jim yeah five bucks says
you're gonna miss that orange you think
the first one about five dollars that I
hit the orange
five bucks to the hit the orange I'm the
first first tried yeah it sliced through
your on Jeffrey I must lesson are you
ready I think it was the mat you wanna
do double or nothing okay let's let
lunchtime as you heard Betty say yo
Bennett what do you think about what's
going down all right now honestly she
ate if you kept the camera out of my
five well I'm gonna go ahead and tell
you guys anyway see you at your
lunchtime what
oh yeah we made a bit of a mess here
there's a lot of food on the floor oh my
god what happened what went wrong the
answer is nothing nothing went wrong cuz
this is a maze most ninjas don't ride in
cars I do most ninjas don't ride in
Priuses I'm in the Prius yeah but guess
what I do also if you guys are wondering
how I'm gonna learn how to American
Ninja Warrior got my boy with me the
American Ninja Warrior himself okay the
island in to check the tea in case you
forget yo you got a he's got a whole
thing yo all I have is him
I don't got any little gangsters or no
cuz you know I got them gangsters
high-five you literally - screw with me
have you guys seen them on the show
there's a good chance you've seen you
yeah because you're on like every single
season yeah see me on the show as I like
to dance
yeah that's not all I like to do
something Logan likes to do is I just
like Joe but killed it Oh couple pale
white boys hey listen the dog game no
choice Oh American Ninja Warrior what
the heck yo you guys this is this is a
tribute to my boy design I'm talking
basketball team oh you are my boy listen
window game I fuckin told ya that's how
we do it that's the right way get your
candy I'm efficient chucking Milky Way
that brat boat it's a celebration
oh yeah celebration I'm talking frame/s
yo where's your mom she loves me macho
no cheese on that order that's no nachos
oh my gosh someone stop me while you can
speaking of my mouth man damn kids man I
hope you recycle
yo what goes fast and has two wheels
bicycle yo are you gonna do it like that
tell me what you're doing that thing I
beautiful woman beautiful we are low
gang we have arrived at our course for
the day oh my god have you been your bro
no way
this doesn't look like what I've seen on
the show yeah good lucky for you I
coming to you bet I'm coming to this
okay yeah see now it's getting a little
more legit oh every kid's dream you guys
I wish you could be here with me you got
what monkey bars and and playground and
stuff grant
dude this is papa how does this work I
don't even do so many obstacles never
hit the ground I mean we got the
floating by like that what do you need
we got a shoot what Oh for the actual
show not my vlog no this vlog live do we
got here grant what are we working with
we're gonna work on our trampoline jumps
oh I like this I did
oh yo you gotta want it step1 why do you
want it I do mom if you're watching this
and
Oh hit the trampoline first then grab
the obstacle Cortelyou Armstrong I'm
about to try this thing it's called the
Warped wall it's apparently like 250
feet high working in a half what 14 and
a half feet
what is that how old you are I am if I
fall like I see myself falling from the
top of there all the way to the ground
when I look at this all I see are the
handprints of those who have died trying
to make it up to you my friend have
succeeded and you look great
how far did I fall from like what 90
feet yeah tie up man yo you're at least
one 300-400 I did the math it's about
685 feet up and yeah dude so we are here
let's do like to actually be able to
make it up I think you can make it man
maybe nice today go okay and I'm I throw
it on down to your boy low gangsters
here they go
alright low gang what a successful day
on set we are back in Hollywood right
now and I am with the mark oh hi mark
did you say hi I'm mark yeah no you guys
don't look anything alike bro what up
Jacko
I just watch us they're about to do a
friendship big oh yo look a that's right
rude do you guys see that they're like
hugging and stuff back there do you want
to know why cuz no one steals my boy
from me except me hey I'm back they're
not stealing my thanks buddy George you
won't ask one of these Asian ladies for
their number
tonight bro you almost had a row you
were this computer just dollars googly
eyes and she gave you her googly back
bro
Oh baby back home yes
yo bangers Joe that was a fun day oh
yeah bro first day of Logan Paul vs.
season 2 episode 1 was a success by the
way I feel like I should have mentioned
this at the beginning of the vlog that
was the training to go on the show
obviously not the actual show yeah
telling you that a little late and sorry
anyway I got some fun stuff planned for
the rest of the week as usual my
birthday's coming up Saturday I actually
don't think I'm moving tomorrow for
those of you who want an update
something is going on with the real
estate agents like not wanting me to
move into the house because of who I am
and what I do could someone just give
Logan post afraid I'll figure out we
will merchant is coming later this week
one no gang I love you and I will see
you tomorrow
take it easy fan
that's you bitch yeah just getting miked
up little production stuff well
