to what heyyo good morning low gang oh I
dropped it yep I dropped the what's
popping for now anyways oh no man I'm
just wasn't feeling anyways I got up
early today so I could go work out and
yeah man I'm just good to go do that
right now so let's do it it is what's
done what's that Dad let's do it dad we
did it dude ha ha I feel good such a
good way to kick start the week you know
it's Monday son Wow okay you're on that
note as well I finally feel like I'm
getting my stuff I don't do this often I
don't do this often but checking several
yeah I do the muscles are coming back
bro my six-pack is coming back results
the name of the game what are you
quoting Shakespeare right now huh you
know that's freaking weird I have a
question for you bro are you glued to
this chair every time I see you in this
chair maverick down boy down I don't
know to get out and going out to see the
Sun bro go play frisbee was too boy okay
little Jess stop right dude this game is
taking over my life and what does that
do this is unlike you oh so now you
understand bro when you're busy and
you're vlogging every day guys that vlog
like there's no joke guess what I'm
doing right now bro what getting my hair
done or down getting my hair dyed my
color what do you guys think I'm gonna
leave it a surprise
I'm just gonna I'm just gonna do it and
I'm gonna show you guys but yeah you're
going on your head Nick my beautiful
Jesus
looking man we're waiting for some
blonde that's what I like to hear
yeah I was gonna reveal the color but
it's lon Nico just said I'm going blonde
urgh I'm gonna make these eyes pop round
look at the eyes brush yeah I'm going
blonde right not Marc blonde but I'm
gonna go like Cali surfer blonde bro cuz
when I hit the dab I think I've even hit
him harder like this I'm all about the
deep dabs now I'm talking nose to inner
elbow I'm talking nose to would Jana
Regina here's the origin this is called
the weenus which makes this the vagina
fact we got that Breaking Bad mixture up
in here my boys cooking meth for her hey
guys it's me Logan oh god I don't know
what happened here but okay is this what
it takes to get sexy Cali blonde hair I
just look like a lunch lady brother yeah
who wants the mashed potatoes how do I
look bro so tema thinks I'm sexy I want
to know do you guys think I'm sex just
this face right here I didn't want you
to comments managed to pass in this face
right here okay cool
do I make you horny okay we finished but
I'm not gonna show you guys yeah but yo
you killed it my Jesus meth making
master Teemo what do you think well um I
see your boy is I see so we are
currently walking back to my place and
I'm not gonna lie I still have the coke
in the head look my hair cannot be
blow-dry so it's gonna take a little bit
to settle in keep that in mind when you
see it I'm at home I must show my boy
mark when he's done in the bathroom he's
out of the bathroom what do you think of
my ice bro
look at my hair look at my hair stop
looking at the camera how do you look
like Justin Bieber when he was 14 years
old
yo cuz it's blow-dried I got the coconut
head going on I'm I see the goal am I
saying yeah that's what I call coconut
head but what about the color it looks a
lot better to be honest I know that's
why I did it
I see
why are you ruining my house yeah but
Brooke you don't need to ruin my house
with it I don't care about this new
messy Marc thing that's going on I don't
like yeah what are you doing that's a
great question yeah we needed that to be
honest bro I don't even care here you
might as well take this too bro I'm
leaving soon just go for it bro hey Marc
if you're done destroying the house I
actually have something I need to tell
you I am moving on Thursday
oh yeah which is be like in two days
what yeah bro
why so do
you know what I'm saying yeah no I don't
yeah but I figured since logan paul vs
is picking up bro i'm gonna be busy the
whole month is i'm still by the way just
vlogging with my mouth busy the whole
month so i gotta get out of it quick you
know by myself in this room I'm taking
I'm taking TVs taking that taking taking
this probably take your nose oh gosh
your nose I'm really gonna be super
empty throw a rager in here something oh
yo we definitely should eyes we're gonna
throw a huge party for my birthday April
Fool's Day make sure to come - no I
didn't order a pizza bro I know I never
order any of these already pizza bro I'm
just gonna show you guys my hair Hey
look at this I showed you guys like yeah
anyways I had to get rid of the coconut
head thing like I'm like a young Bieber
you see the potential right don't don't
worry about the shape and I think you
just throw a hat on I'm Gucci so yeah
anyways the pizzas pizza time yesterday
two separate times in total I had 18
pizzas delivered to me I did not order
the pizza someone is sending pizzas to
my house you guys why oh yeah I'm a
because I invite you to parties in my
house and give you my exact address and
apartment number
that's why but ya have no fear
boys moving Thursday okay I don't give
up one quick thing that I want to point
out besides the fact that it looks like
I'm wearing a wig right now yesterday I
asked you guys to go like that music
video I directed the why don't we boys
their music video that I had directed to
why don't we boys music video that I
directed I wanted us to get this video
to 50,000 likes look closely lo gang
50,000 liked and 25,000 views how's that
even possible god Bless America we broke
you too that's what I like gang I'm not
brood on Mars but lucky for you that's
what I like heinous were like hey okay
where's the Iceman going I know it looks
like I'm in the middle of nowhere which
is only semi true headed to Dillon and
Dave's house the directors of airplane
mode as you guys know the movie is
picture live we just have some visual
effects stuff we need to go over also
watch this I always got the drone take
off your shoes man I'm the rule breaker
bro do something shoes to you oh yeah
you ready I'll take off my shoes what do
you think this ice on my hair bro yeah
yeah I just I'm blond that's got a
little coconut beaver head girls bowl
cut I should be in a boy band always
speaking of boy bands I have an idea I'm
actually at the why don't we boys house
right now it's right there I probably
actually should not show this in the
vlog because one of you guys is gonna
see it and you're gonna send them pizza
don't send a why don't we boys pizza but
anyways Timo and I were watching my
friend Alex Wasabi's of law he's how do
I describe this what we saw it doesn't
make sense basically he did a magic
trick where if you're not able to pick
someone up no matter how much they weigh
you are able to pick them up I literally
don't know how else to say it it doesn't
make any fucking sense but it is one of
the weirdest things I've ever said I
called I FaceTime him I'm like homie
what the fuck is it work
how does it work bro I know no no no I
know we've got some inside scoop or
something impossible is now possible my
friend how do you do you know some like
five people I'm just ready to go die can
you do this lucky for you I think future
Logan has that handle take it away
so yo good to see you guys I want to do
a magic trick with you guys using you
guys I just saw you guys like standing
together like this can you just hit like
some for me just hit like a little like
your location that's damn my skin okay
so I don't know if this is gonna work
again I saw my friend Alex do it this
could be a mega fail I don't know if it
is I'm probably just gonna chill here
and make these guys sing to me for the
rest of the night but hey let's give
this a go take a seat in the chair
that's the fatty chair how much do
waited like 180 180 okay okay cool cool
and the rest of you brother yes leather
yeah I don't one of the months a makes
no sense you just like follow you guys
by me okay I don't want to take your
fingers like this in this like gun
formation okay on three try to pick
Jonah okay one Jim three go wait wait
wait how much does that other guy weigh
pick out the dress okay just this would
be weird
sit down the chair just balance judge
with the fingers one two three
I think that I think it's gonna be good
the best way to describe this is put
your hands in like you're gonna do like
a break but what no you don't have to do
it not just just everyone come down one
at a time starting this way I think this
is clockwise what you can't touch each
other as well so go like this do it boom
boom don't touch very important not to
touch
Zach again yep going her back around the
circle don't touch now Daniel remove
there you go boom boom boom boom now do
the finger thing and try to pick them up
with your scientific explanation
we probably lessened gravity gravity it
was like yo that's why I think you were
able to pick him up in the first place
cuz I think it's about like unity yeah
but you guys are already there and it's
like the mindset of like becoming one
that's crazy
science we're gonna give team a try I
like how he's just staring at them like
there's no way you feel it there's no
way this is without doing the hand thing
do not okay move yep unify three two one
wait yeah three two one
try to pick me up without it real quick
just like feels like I'm full you hit a
point where you just feel like you're
about to take off well this is we're not
gonna lie I'm uncomfortable I'm on some
I'm on some Buddhists right now you guys
have a good night
I'm telling you I was sitting down and
then I was floating
yeah bro as designer wooden designer
safer stuff yeah he probably would
second off them with one of my boy all
right that's my boy you make a runner
but you my boy to see we are back home
it was a good day today man yeah yeah I
got stuff done
I see hair looking I see achieve the
impossible and we're like 300,000 likes
and then why don't we boys music videos
I'm just gonna say it for me it's cool
to know that you guys also care about
the stuff that I'm directing more than
just me being like an actor or writer or
whatever it it like you guys care about
like my project which i think is awesome
low gang like seriously thank you guys I
love you for that and on that note that
is the day it's gonna be real sad
leaving this place on Thursday I'm gonna
miss it but hey on to bigger and better
things low gang I say it every day I'll
say it again today I love you and I will
see you tomorrow
take it easy fanbase well get hurt I'm
fine
peace
as you bid
