new instead of popping all the time
regardless today is the big day
today's oh boy yeah okay so here's
what's going down in this box this box
this box this box this box this box all
these boxes contain packets that turn
water into slime now you may have seen
these videos I'm used to before
basically all you do is dump this power
in the water and the water turns into
slime I just said that why do I have so
much what could one human being possibly
do with that much slime powder well if
that human being has a brother named
Jake pong who has a pool he could take
the slime powder and put it in the pool
which is exactly what we're doing today
turning my brother's pool into slime is
the whole thing know I've done some
breaks in the past on my brother
they're all really good but I've never
gone too far this time might be too
funky Moe my man is just too far are we
going too far okay let's do it okay so
this stuff is actually really happy oh
my god like I said we have a ton of box
so we have to be efficient with how we
do the transporter Timo this is half of
what we have do and this is probably 150
pounds
everyone probably thinks I'm moving
happy right now
look at my baby looking beautiful my
game okay so yeah I'm gonna fill my car
with the rest of the slime imma be right
back give me like yeah twelve seconds or
so well seconds later so part of the
reason that I got this car was not only
cuz it's a cool car but it has a bi yeah
so part of the reason I got this car was
not only cuz it's a cool car but we
ended up actually filling up the entire
truck so we stacked up back here see
that little lone box back there and like
now's the point where I'm starting to
think this is too far admit it's too far
bro are you sure
oh no no Timo says so that I think we're
good Oh ladies and gentlemen boys and
girls we have arrived at the Jake house
and I know that only because of this
obnoxiously manly truck as Jake's truck
right there and this obnoxiously
annoying car that beat my car in the
race damn it by the way now I feel like
it's a good time to say hey what's up
guys my name is Logan Paul's you did not
know that I'm gonna actor entertainer
Internet create I break the Internet I
don't know bro but I'm out here I'm also
crazy you couldn't tell and if for
whatever reason you're watching this and
you're not a part of the family you're
not a part of the low gang make sure to
subscribe hit the family join the Logan
let me tell you litmus level is maximum
here with that said let's go inside and
continue our prayer morning boys
that's all you're gonna say are you
kidding me right now this house is a
mess Timo you're right this I don't even
feel bad anymore bro oh my god bro this
is the pool obviously it is absolutely
disgusting they literally call it the
lagoon
around here because it's vile like I
don't even know if this is swimmable I'm
pretty sure it's just acid anyways this
birds also for those of you wondering
how this is possible how I know Jake is
not here these boys Jake's best friend
from high school they want it what
happened you tell me that's not I
convinced them to come on team low game
and now we gonna mess him up a little
bit smug boy is he still at breakfast
yeah he's gonna be like another hour we
got one hour Oh Brenda tears from above
I told you guys I'm crazy okay we're
gonna start moving the boxes we got some
more help I appreciate you guys yeah
after this get started there's no going
back
okay Timo open up the box do it do you
know inside of this box we have a bunch
of the hand in there there there there
there there and there
oh my god I severely severely
underestimated how long this is gonna
take Ryu but it took us eight minutes to
empty all these packets into this and we
have so much more to go how's it coming
guys doing over here no admit it's a
pain is it too far yet Teemo oh yeah
kinda have to rush right now cuz Jake is
on his way home but after filling all of
these receptacles with slime powder it
is time to do the dumping so without
further ado lo gang
oh my god apologize to my brother
surprise for you no way here - hey how's
he doing how're you feeling
why here it's taking a dip in the pool
but I felt like I need to get a tan I'm
pale what do you guys think a little
pale huh so why they looking at me like
that then I don't know okay you're gonna
get well what did you do what makes you
think I did something did you let this
happen again I might have done something
that's in the backyard if you want to go
look at it right now that's fine me do
you want to go swimming
oh my god are you down obviously no one
here I didn't even do anything
I don't do it I don't even know why
you're freaking out still oh yeah I was
thinking
oh the green pool that's lime I turned
you pulling this line about a boy don't
worry the victim yellow wait were you
already got evicted now you're gonna get
us evicted yeah you suck at lying
together
do you guys that's gonna clog up all of
the filters oh yeah yeah my father I
know you ha oh yeah fine yes yeah sorry
yeah good now if you don't mind I'm
gonna take a dip in your pool thank you
yonis it's only and worked out jakey
wait before you go inside
can I just have a hug no yeah come on
yeah damn that was the success we think
team oh me too far
logan sup yo we forgot to clean up the
pool man
we are back home I feel disgusting
literally so gross
Jake has dead rats in his pool there are
two of them anyways I'm here now in my
sort of clean-ish apartment and quick
update of a movie airplane mode you guys
know about airplane mode it has been
picture locks meaning the movie is done
being edited it is being sent off to the
effects of visual effects and sound
design where they will finish the movie
also I just watched yesterday's vlog
with designer yo this is amazing dude
gotta make a movie with that kid I gotta
do something anyways I know it's a
little early but you boys got some
grinding to do so I'm gonna get back to
work low gang I love you enjoy your
Sunday I will see you tomorrow
take it easy fam
don't forget 150,000 likes in this video
subscribe
