now these are your Forks right you all
just watch them yeah watch watch watch
my force we're doing that for grouse we
do with the yo-yo yo-yo weird so I just
got done hitting the gym that's why I'm
sweaty I have never felt this burnt-out
muscle wise in my whole life literally
like the gym is over there right around
the corner here and I live like right
here obviously yeah I live here maybe
600 feet maybe and I took an uber to get
back home from the gym the drivers like
yo what are you doing bro if you're
right down the street I go man I can't
walk just drive he's like wait what I
said just like yo it's ice right around
the corner but I can't walk I'm so sorry
we're gonna get dropped off in front of
my house in front of the grocery store
to get some waters which are right there
and I forgot it's spring break the kids
the teens are running around to muck on
Hollywood so I get I'd end up taking
pictures in front of the grocery store
for like 10 minutes and I'm telling you
guys into the low gangsters I'm like
guys I'm so sorry I wish I have more
energy trying to like put my arm around
people like this like hey just take a
pic and then I got some gifts too so one
girl made me this if you look closely it
says low gang for a lie low gang for
life but this just makes me wonder like
how many of you guys make stuff like
this for me and then I never actually
get to wear it or use it but then this
bracelet would have gone to use right no
point anyway it's gonna be a good day we
slay in life today we conquer in the
world and be doing magic tricks right
magic okay let's go sad America
hi what what you just don't you said to
me okay I'm your friend I'm your buddy
huh yeah I guess I could get him to show
you some tricks yeah I love magic too
I used to do tricks no general watch
I'll make you disappear magic shower
cleaned off ready to go now knowing I
have a magician coming I was like yo I
should just practice some magic myself
so let's start with this mess that I
made two days ago and have it cleaned up
yeah see mark my roommate left for the
week so I can't rely on him to clean it
up but Logan it's your mess why don't
you just clean it shut up your logic
pisses me off plus magic is much more
fun okay so let's see what we can do
here huh
nothing okay okay that did not work
let's try this here we go oh maybe I'm
not meant to be a magician maybe I'm
just meant to be an X vine star in shots
but I'm gonna give this another go here
we go oh wait Logan Daniel this is
Daniel he is our magician a real
magician bro so I did my research sort
of actually just told me this but you
were on Ellen last week yeah see you're
like a professional I'm like
professional man making them no not
really but yeah okay Daniel yeah it's
important to say this smelling pre-plan
we did we talked about me tonight sir I
know he's doing magic I don't know
what's happened okay okay okay oh that's
gonna cool all these cards as you can
see they're all absolutely different can
you confirm that Kendall lo game please
confirm that Logan can we okay good try
to do okay without showing them I
actually want you to just simply take a
look at one car okay this
as it opened through you can actually
show him just take a look at one part
I'm right hand right here just like this
this warrior two Oh beautiful breathing
at one two three don't lie to me okay
take a wild guess I'm gonna see their
card is a red card I'm going right yeah
okay and I'm also gonna take a wild
guess I'm gonna see that your card it's
a high card that means above seven am i
right
hi I'm right here not lying no I'm not
I'm also just gonna take a wild guess
and now it might be wrong in this one is
say that your card is a picture card
like a jack when you're King
I'm wrong on this one you're wrong are
though I'm wrong in this one but I'm
gonna taken one step further and I'm
gonna see that your card is is a diamond
or I'm wrong okay your honor yes
all right all right all right okay you
know I pulled out the deck from this zip
compartment are still have this envelope
right here in this envelope there's
something I wrote you a note okay
take a look truly truly what is it say
yo don't what does it say now you could
have picked any card it would it would
it would it what does it say oh you were
thinking of 10 of our savagery Danny
is that it
I'll get a little it is crucial for
these guys to know that this is not
plain this is this is this is like legit
it's not guys these parts as we said
before are absolutely different yeah
they're all different now what we're
gonna do is that is the following this
is gonna get a little interesting now I
want you to go ahead and it'll give them
a shuffle I'm not gonna touch Logan give
him a shuffle just giving myself or
whatever you like you good it doesn't
really matter how much a shuffle it
doesn't and I want you to go ahead take
one never just take one out any someone
put it facedown do not see it on camera
I got it okay you didn't see it I didn't
see it didn't see it no no I didn't see
it okay I did you already try to do I
want you to go ahead and simply sign
your name really really big across the
back of the card that's crucial
beautiful beautiful now look at it don't
want to touch the deck square the deck
top if you wouldn't mind and I want you
to go ahead and cut the deck once just
give the deck one cut beautiful put in
the card right here do it go ahead and
grab the cards around the cards and put
them on top beautiful
Logan so you can complete this a step
further go ahead give it another cut
yeah fantastic beautiful that would
await you to do is a way to go ahead and
spread out all the cards face up so that
now now we're we're both both of us are
you know screwed because we don't know
what the cards are and I want you to
make sure every every card kind of has
like its own place so you know just you
know spread them out a little bit
through the table think Daniel now that
works that works that works I want you
to clean my floor cuz don't worry I'll
get on it I just want you to go ahead
and simply put your hand on a pilot card
go for it beautiful grab that pile just
yeah yeah just yank yeah throw it throw
it to the ground
okay get out of here go get it later put
your hand on another pile just go for it
beautiful so I want you to go ahead look
usable ready try to do
to be rid of all of you okay give it
makes them mix them up mix them up me so
here we go mixing a ma mix and mash here
we go are you gonna do bro watch it
we're gonna do bro truly grab my wrist
right here well no one knows what the
card is truly French red concentrate or
rosemary whenever whenever you want
whenever you want just go ahead and say
stop okay whatever you want
stop right there yeah let go let go let
go you can actually see all the cards
are right here they're all here right
all the cards you know our blank on the
back and stuff we stopped you stopped at
one card right you stopped at one car
take a look at it take a look at it long
and take a look let me guess you want to
take it a step further
what is this take it a step further
because look I initially asked you to
think of a card right and I wrote an
envelope for you that's right yes right
yes but then you you you we go ahead and
through made a prediction in your hand
and then you could have literally
touched any of these cards they're all
absolutely right yeah you touch 25 which
you signed to back up right on the back
up oh it's supposed to carve a king of
something I threw it as the camera in my
rage do it at the camera got it
beautiful so you signed one part Logan I
actually made another condition in
another no no any different tonight day
okay what have you got pocket you just
pulling stuff out take a look at that
one wrong and you wrote a no take a look
open it up open it up open it up look
I'll help you out with this yeah I got
one hand of the vlog and the horn hand
on this card go ahead what does it say
what does it say for it tied to what
does it say Oh what does it say Logan
you're thinking of the King of Diamonds
Logan Logan I'm low I'm calling 9-1-1 on
your alien alien in my apartment I'd
like your presence immediately thank you
bye what else you got to show me if you
got about 10 minutes truly I want you to
go back in your life no way to think of
the someone that you care about like it
like the name of your first kiss or
something like that I got it you got it
done now on see real talk
you've never such a status my best
friends here don't know no one knows
truly no how old were you what was your
age seventh grade I was 12 seventh grade
you were 12 and that was you first make
it almost at your first pet just below
pack a nice little Peck Wow a late
bloomer see you whoa smashing what he's
in preschool bro it's more than two
letters and I take it yeah that's more
dueling okay I want you to concentrate
on the amount of letters that this name
has Joe don't say it out loud just just
concentrate got it you got done easy
right events like this a union like this
we have a guest
I'm gonna take a walk we have a guest we
do have a guest my house what's up guess
with my are they gone
it's pops yeah yeah he's doing magic
tricks bro
we're in the middle of one right now
watch this I want you to go ahead and
think of think you think of the name as
a whole think of the name as a whole got
it okay
watch this this is what we try to do
correct me from wrong I think there's an
M in there if I'm not mistaken right I
mean yeah so uh okay
doesn't mean you're right once it stops
going through six minutes bro focus
focus focus focus on the net focus on
the name focus on the main where do you
guys kiss wait do you remember it was it
at school no no no where was it it's
like a little after school okay so you
were 12 when after school parties you
would watch this you happy
can I just say something I felt what
you're writing I feel like it's right
now about the driver what is what is her
name what is your name
seola Jamie oh shut up I mean that says
Jamie I think you're right can't tell
they're boys just like you would he made
me write on this piece of paper her name
and I were thinking of you Jamie oh wow
so it's Jay am i that's what you're
freaking out huh
no I need to see water right now Johanna
come to my house Johan is coming my
house right now your highness is coming
he's got muscles you bad enough for you
came out he'll beat you beat you up
before you show George a magic trick can
I just say you know how you know you my
boy come look at our pants bro in our
pants oh yeah yeah it's fine and stuff
you have my boy it bends malleable
boy these are your Forks right you are
just watching them yeah watch me wash my
horse we're doing that for crooks what'd
you do with the yo-yo go go come on
let's play poker you go ahead and start
rubbing rubbing the fourth grade here
you can actually see how it starts to go
rub mine rub mine rub mine right here
right here
watch slow softly something you can
actually see it watch your wine stores
how are you doing that George George how
are you doing that
this doesn't make any sense George may
you've bent Forks before what were you
feeling what did it feel like nothing
got it
he's a demon bro he'll make he'll make
you weak bro he'll take your muscles
away watch George's bending forks
actually take it one step further
you don't say yo yo yo yo I couldn't do
this if I wanted to okay
he's bending forks brother doing magic
tricks I'm just trying to eat some food
right now but I'll go over here and
watch your reaction I've seen this one
this is just gonna lead to bad things
yeah I told you I told you okay I'm
chasing them with the scissors I have it
on video I have it on video
chasing my friends with the scissors how
much tell this to the cops you're done
dude done
you and your YouTube general doesn't
care about going to jail but it's you
what do you got we got there you've got
goose bumps
bro it only gets crazier it doesn't make
any sense
well okay Daniel after a weird day or
just messed up oh that's you yeah I
listen I was joking about the cops the
cops are coming but you do got to get
the bus cause you freaked me out bro all
right amateur ready three two one
okay much better so guys what the well I
don't know I don't know he's like yo do
you want to do magic I was like I mean
yeah I guess what do your magic when I
first came in in the beginning of vlog I
came in and I was kind of like just
acting with Oh Shh like that just I
thought before a guy here you told him
bro
Jame he guessed it Jame which by the way
this means I love you in French is gem
or just I love Jim does your 10 means I
love you is it kind of weird the fact
that he is go hannes has been holding
this car for the past 10 his media
duster cards bro it was like this bro
yeah wow I don't know how how could I've
eaten with it I try to do that that
didn't work out I just saw he was like
so with that weird magician mind trick
thing we're all a little freaked out I'm
gonna end the vlog for the day low gang
I love you uh I don't know if there's
really anything else to say we're all
just stunned right now I'll see you guys
tomorrow
at the big magic
