all right guys so as you know today we
are pranking my brother Jake I'm sorry
it's 8 a.m. it's bit early to try to get
those vibes going government oatmeal
right here there it is wait I have a
question actually
what is oatmeal think about it like when
I was a kid I was like err dude and now
I eat it every day what happened man
Hollywood changed me breaking up how are
you ok cool so yeah today is gonna be a
big day and what the heck is going out
yeah I love that when did you guys get
here oh hi mark
oh hi Margo oh nice socks bro oh my god
oh you ready son oh you don't say yeah
bro we're all wearing the socks wait a
second oh my god oh so the prank today
these guys brought over 1,000 pairs of
socks which we are bringing to my
brother's house Billie is full filling
is full with the socks nope not gonna do
that
we're gonna take everything out of this
closet and replace it with socks
remember any thought you'd sell yeah no
I hate this guy so long he bet me I
couldn't sell twenty thousand pairs he
bet me his car yo we have time plus when
people see a the special limited edition
bonus pack that I'm announcing today so
ha it's not over Taylor stop you guys we
gotta sell twenty thousand pairs ok I
think today's the day bro today's the
day so it's gonna get poppin here we go
into Jake's house shortly what are you
doing you're putting coconut oil on your
arm suited when you're filming
wait a second wait a second bro guys
remember Spencer it's been 84 years
house weird I'm f how are you buddy okay
cool oh wow not sure what this little
guys doing can I pick you up okay okay
did you know today is sort of your day
man check it out as you know maverick
your socks which you love today we are
putting a thousand pairs of these in my
brother's closet what do you think
nice no I go into my brother's going to
my brother's go into my brother socks
yo stop can we drive your car because I
want the low game to see it again I want
this time to see what we're twerking
with ya what you're not gonna get yeah
we do okay yeah you stop being an
asshole oh there it is this beauty yo
when I get this bar when I sell twenty
thousand when I get this car I you were
never including it down gonna be the
biggest victory in my life oh how are
you baby soon to be mine give it a good
rub Spence get to know it yeah it is
time Jake if you're watching this plug
ahh I apologize in advance hahaha just
kidding
okay so we are pulling up to Jake's
house right now I know he's not here
because my mom is staying with him and
she told me he's out running errands or
something for the next like hour at
which point I will infiltrate his house
and commence our approach okay we're
going inside the house gonna go ahead
and ring the doorbell just kidding there
is no door okay boys you ready guns up
let's go hello hi how are you mom
where's Jake
brother Jay he went to the bank why Oh
his money well just in case Jake and I
are betting $5,000 on a race tomorrow or
what racing our cars
yeah there's no anything I'm not saying
mm-hmm-hmm okay here we go here is the
magic though oh my gosh okay so we need
to take out all the clothes in this
closet and then put them mom where do
you think we should put Jake's clothes
what no I'm not doing that you don't
have to we'll do it
no okay fine what about just in here
like in the bathtub yeah this works this
works okay dudes are you guys ready to
get to work up here that's a mighty big
closet the big mobs let's each start
okay so we finished yo nice this looks I
mean this is beautiful yeah so many
socks bro oh my gosh yo he's gonna be
pissed probably cuz we just threw his
clothes I'm so sorry Jake one quick
thing though selfie mother how long
until Jake is home oh I would guess
about 10 minutes perfect oh that's
perfect okay look there's your family
cool yeah yeah
what you're fine
what it's a lot of socks yeah but like
bro like you think about how many socks
you hang out with like they're cool too
but also we did replace your socks that
we put them somewhere yeah well Frank
boys you know you started it was done it
was done and you started it back up so I
figure want to give you some socks
put your clothes in the goal I'm saying
is I miss all those on my website I'm
actually doing like sort of what the
next thousand pairs of Maverick socks
that sell are gonna be these ones the
ones in your closet so so you can't
actually fly it on me you can keep like
a pair maybe so the next 999 pairs of
sell are gonna be these beautiful ones
and I'm gonna keep one there at least
actually you're gonna have to buy link
in the description and the bonus pack I
think this is also the time to announce
the bonus bag yo check out these bro we
got the I love the bonus artsy maverick
socks we got the colorblind maverick
socks you see in black color
we got mini Mavericks and trippy
maverick socks bro ho that's the bonus
pack bro 50 dollars for a pack before
socks bro yeah
the trippy one yeah you can actually you
have those ones if you want really yeah
you can buy from 50 dollars boys good
thing I have $5,000 for a race
okay so yet a guy this is the bonus pack
these special limited edition this sucks
also these next 1000 pairs are gonna be
the ones from Jake's closet way actually
why don't you guys just come and get
your socks now Jake's house the address
is okay bean your cameraman okay hi boom
okay we are leaving I know we can do
this guy's 20,000 pairs then we get this
beautiful car and it's his car we get to
take it away from him no we do that's
what I love about it and the first thing
I'm gonna do is paint it maverick colors
with that set I will see you guys
tomorrow for the epic race with my
brother you do not want to miss it I
love you Logan I will see you tomorrow
like I already said take it easy BAM
