so that was weird this is weird
everything's just weird
hallo gang good morning how are you
what's bop okay let's start with this I
haven't slept for the past 36 hours
I've already way too hard last night man
I really miss them and then I am
actually know instead of me telling you
why don't I just show you let me take
you back eight hours ago
hey yo good morning little gang was buff
I'm just tired it's 7:00 a.m. and here's
the thing I haven't gone to bed yet no
yeah no that's why do I do it why do I
do this to myself I haven't gone to
sleep yet I have a 12 hour dance what am
I thinking what is wrong with me I did
I'm living life no really though I'm
gonna get James get ready to go to say
yeah it's gonna be a tough day dig deep
this is crazy dude I've done like one
hour say I've done two hours of sleep
but never zero okay let's do this hi how
are you buddy are you excited about your
new socks that we released yesterday
your new you new socks these are the
Mavericks socks we released them
yesterday
first piece of merch I'm talking limited
edition maverick the parrot bling ring
socks and her sexy bro all right look I
can't stick around and talk for too long
yo what are you doing bro
look buddy I gotta go I don't know what
really what she's doing but i'ma leave
now okay I love you dude I hope you like
your ring okay I'm not gonna lie guys
this is tough I have no energy right now
and I feel sick like sick to my stomach
but I looked in the mirror and I said to
myself open your savage you got a dig
did you promise your friend King batch
that you would do this parody of the new
Logan movie coming out yes what is
spoiler alert it's a parody of the new
Logan movie coming out my name is Logan
do you see where I play into this parrot
and I just want to say I'm riding in
this car for 50 minutes I'm just you
know it looks like it's been through
hell and back but these are the
sacrifices you make as a vlogger as an
actor has a logo all right what up dude
I'm good how are you
Logan just like the movie okay so what
I'm gonna use this time to now got my
giant gallon of water here which I will
chuck Shurley
also I just want to tell you something
though don't drink tequila I killed this
yo you up the mic and vote from
experience what I'm feeling now freakin
sucks bro but yeah it's just a tequila
burp no bueno
it's time for me to nap I will see you
guys in about an hour hopefully I feel a
little better boy yes you guys I'm alive
that was the worst uber ride of my life
you know how long I was loved how long
15 minutes 15 16 not even broke rap in
America with swag oh you said it
reckon you SAT good no it's not good
healthy bro but I had fun last night
wait what'd you do last night I just
funded Oh akela ah yo what is this
location dying guys this is this is dope
this is beautiful bro
Logan parity yeah that's what we're
shooting today can he's low 9 news Logan
managed to make sense would be up here
first yeah okay cool yeah yeah killer
guys dope then after that they're gonna
set up a wire and you're gonna do your
wires oh I got a stunt yo I hope I don't
throw up after that they said another
wire and then also two chances to throw
up yeah - Jessica Rossi the first thing
I asked for when I come here some more
water the second thing I asked for is
the bagels the bread sums carb let me
help you on that's cream cheese yellow
it's also cream cheese but yeah guys
this table is gonna save my life this
nature's gonna save my life I think I'm
gonna get through this day guys the
bagel was not toasted honestly I could
care less if that stuff wasn't there I'd
be eating these trees you think I'm
joking absolutely not I mean this place
is actually beautiful definitely gonna
do some shots of nature to this thing
I'm so sorry it's early I'm slap-happy
you guys know what I'd be like character
were some classic jeans I'm so sorry
oh I'm talking slim fit I don't know
what's coming over me let's get shot
with the shotgun
ah we would get I could see the light
just remember if we sell 20,000 pairs of
those mattress acts now give this guy
right here
yes don't like it this is good shit go
get yours now sorry
because Real Talk I actually feel like
The Wolverine do like I know my foot
bullshit
let's go shoot this thing y'all I'm so
slap happy this is bad I keep wanting to
do this all day
summon my claws bats told me he doesn't
have real claws for me bro come on I do
know you know how much the effects are
gonna cost on this million do you have
the kind of money inherited because he's
number one in the ad again it was like
$20 you do have claws you have the
Wolverine these are legit okay kids it's
go time rehearsing the first scene let's
do everyone knows when you haven't seen
we're going ham you gotta get swole the
issue is I also might throw up are we
out here getting smaller you want to
look
perfect yes got it
that was perfect for me first shot down
I'm not gonna lie bro I'm getting so
tired not a bunch of dudes working on me
to accomplish what exactly does that who
knows it's feeding harness good harness
we're doing a wire study apply I'm
always down to fly that's one of my
favorite things to do yeah this is the
stunt dude I'm super Manning through the
air like Superman
so that shot was sick I'm happy I did
not throw up yet like I said I'm
starting to get tired and like the
sickness is coming back also I got ahold
of my stomach I think batch is doing a
couple shots up there I'm down here look
here the young king bats flying through
the air like Peter Pan Wow I mean that's
just awesome running through the woods
I'm gonna get a little slide on my hip
here I'm gonna go ahead and unbutton
here show you a little something here
I'm wearing a girdle just to protect my
head can't damage and bro otherwise how
would I be able to do this thing about
it oh oh this is the Jeep that's gonna
be shooting at me that I'm running from
in the scenes super bad oh yo that gun
is legit so this is gonna be firing at
me like fake fire dokgo thing's gonna be
sliding over that why Oh goodbye I won't
be sliding over there I really hope I
don't mess up my hips man I need to be
able to do this
yeah and that's lunch dude that is lunch
and this is the best way to get there
hello hello I'm so curious how I have
not passed out yet this is bad you I got
yelled at I know my butt and my sides
are dirty from sliding into those dnm
the gunwale seconds later so while I sit
down for lunch
I actually just launched yesterday's
what like the vlog the one with the
maverick bling ring side the one with
the car some of you guys tweets about
the sock I'm ordering a pair of socks
right now I'm soaking hype Logan yeah I
bought some at Logan Paul just place my
order no I'm glad you guys are digging
these socks legit if I did not love them
so much I wouldn't like talk about them
but I'm obsessed I'm freaking out Chang
Brad don't forget it we sell 20,000 my
boy has to give me his car it's in the
contract it's in writing the link is in
the description box below but I'm gonna
finish eating my lives and I'll see you
guys in a bit whoo I'm changing right
now what you guys don't know this stuff
that you put on me I kid you not it's
super glue it hurts so bad you're this
whatever you put on me good huh
no you already said I can't take this
shirt off ah it's it's stuck to my skin
oh yeah hot so this next outfit I
actually can't explain this one because
she's a bit weird I don't know if
Wolverine would wear this but Logan
would yeah see what I did that at what
point do you just quit everything
because you're so damn good-looking dick
you lessly good-looking feel like now's
the time world oh god oh I see King man
she's right there what's he gonna what's
he gonna think of me dude wait you're
taking the she's gonna get weird bad
let's get started yes beautiful feeling
yes oh my god so that was weird this is
weird
everything's just weird and now we're
here real-time yep so that's been the
day so far
glad you could join me let's keep going
which actually involves going home we
dish you a few more things I just didn't
vlog to be honest with you I don't think
it was vlog worthy saving you guys from
that boring fufu lame you know you love
these spongebob backpacks what's wrong
with them bro oh you love Brazil bro
2020 performing isn't it knowledge do
you mean compete they're not fake bro no
Illuminati confirmed all right I don't
know how we got here that was a good
shooter yeah we got two more days so I'm
gonna be with them for the next two days
yeah but it's time to go back and boom
we are back home you guys I am dying
right now I thought I was okay but I
know and I realized I'm ending the vlog
the same way I started the vlog like I
feel like dad but it's okay because I
pulled through today I fought I pushed
my limits and I got better and I
actually like days like these because I
feel like it's good to test your limits
and know what you are and aren't capable
oh that makes us anyway I'm slowly
crashing and burning oh wait whoa I
guess yeah I just conveniently laid down
next to all these Maverick socks make
sure to get your pair link in the
description I'm actually not going to
sleep just yet I gotta go see the Logan
movie hey so my name after all and I was
playing him today
with that said little gang I love you I
will see you tomorrow take it easy
if you bid
