I'm not sure how to stop here baby
did it work so you're really good starts
of the morning I'm feeling good good
vibe I had a great audition this morning
good vibes are in the air I'm about to
go to my brother's house to film a viral
video and everything's good dude like
it's just a good day today with that
said let's go say what's up to my boy I
mean mark oh hi mark
my dad easily mistake you two with the
hair mainly your hair is silver there's
some silver Birds that one's an African
Grey right hello that bro I gotta ask
you what's going on this is so unlike
you is that what the what the tissues
are here for how do you decide to do a
tissue or a paper towel I spilled soup
so I need a paper towel oh is that what
that is ro this is a disaster mark I
feel so bad for you do you need anything
else I got him orange juice last night
and Gatorade like a good roommate are
you good though really okay well sorry
see you later bro now here's maverick
what up G oh you chilling yo guess what
big news me and maverick are step up be
a good bird be embarrassed just let me
talk for one second for my birthday we
are releasing our first piece of
merchandise ever - it's based around him
and we are also revealing something I'm
doing something so special to this bird
tomorrow I am so excited I have waited
weeks for this vlog so be ready
tomorrow's vlog is gonna be like it's
gonna be amazing
okay yo you about to poop mobile okay
that's on our way to my brother's house
and I just have one thing to say so I
had that big audition this morning and I
haven't even bigger audition tomorrow I
just I feel like it's my time dude like
as an actor to explode into acting and
traditional Hollywood the vibes are good
like I've been working hard I've been
having dreams and visions about being a
movie star and dude I just
I feel like it's my time this is this is
not it yeah but you guys can say I watch
that guy's vlogs oh but wait a second
dude I'm not gonna stop vlogging
that's right loghain we gonna carry each
other okay to the test oh I'm here at
Jake's house and he put signs on his
house because I know like fans are
messing with him hosted no trespassing
and this one says no trespassing
prohibited all pots are do all the
people messing with my brother's house
well he be told pasta snap Jake just got
his car like camo down and I think he
made it a little bit faster which is not
good for me cuz we are racing yeah we're
gonna race my sexy purple car versus
this car obviously mine sexier obviously
I'm gonna win which is a good thing
because we're betting $5,000 yeah your
hair looks good today
Oh Disney Disney yeah yeah also let me
just ask what the fuck you doin bro what
happened you starting to eat a lot of
Mexican food and we were like oh you
need toilet paper bro this doesn't make
any sense you're making it for no no
yeah you are no he's hiding in it it's a
stockpile in case like the apocalypse
happens and you've got to poop really
bad no no we just always have to poop
really bad this was up a second ago and
it's just God what you done it happened
so fast so brother Jake is dope but this
is the real reason I am here this is
Kyler and Matt struck for Madison yes
correct but the babies the babies is
this Tatum and this is Oakley this is
not your baby why do you have so we are
making videos with these babies today
Kyler throws the baby this correct no
I'm pretty sure I caught you on camera
doing it like five minutes ago what yo
what did you just do you did not just
spend the baby careful yo you did not
just no my god
and this baby is just glimmering in the
light like a heaven angel baby Oh
oh no she's putting it in her mouth oh
gosh what does it taste like does it
taste like pure savagery or just pure
chachi in it I've never seen something
this manly bro
just a bunch of dudes watches the babies
fight over a milk guys are gonna be
inundated in the real world very soon
okay and big blonde guys like me are
gonna come and steal your toys you got
to be ready I have something for you
I'm talking baby Jake and I about to
shoot a viral video for the Internet you
guys know how it is yo that was so much
fun it was this way yeah over here right
oh yeah that would suit your budget I
bet I can get sixty nine million views I
think I look at 69 gets really funny
guys yeah watch out for it on my
Instagram in a hat Logan Paul no don't
do that
leave Leave leave this I'm not gonna
call the thing over full all right you
got lucky
okay okay now we are going to my house
yo thank you for letting me be a
passenger in your car oh yes that's
exactly what I'm doing taking care of
the babies back here it's not that hard
since you know they're sleeping this
one's not so much what are you doing
don't eat your foot come on that's not
edible
stop stop bad baby oh my god she's so
cute I can't even tell her bad baby not
feel what yeah we've been trying to like
get someone to babysit them for weeks
now that they can carry your children
please I feel like I can't what would
you do if we I left them with you like
what would I don't know okay this whole
vlog kind of just got out of hand we're
here we got one baby we got two babies
no baby we can make a vlog we could
breathe heavy like we just ran a
marathon I feel like I could imitate
baby noises right would that make a good
vlog good what I'm not taking care of
your kids guys time service I don't
believe in me that's the issue I'm 21 I
can't be taking care of these babies
what does she get why you breathing so
heavy
why are you like you think you're a
pitbull stop stop stop stop you guys
seriously trust me with your children
oh my god they're serious oh my god hey
guys
uncle Logan's in the house oh okay um
what you guys want to do well you do
what's wrong with you are you okay are
you okay what's wrong with you this is
where I don't know what to do babies
honey are you hungry is that the issue
you guys want to go get some food I want
a smoothie what do you think okay going
to get a smoothie with not one but two
babies oh my god bro you like my babies
they argue definitely my baby spoon I
can get chicks with these babies dude I
can get so many girls with these babies
you're gonna help me have sex you know I
gotta say this is quite an experience Oh
what's up dude you like my babies back
yet oh you think your dogs are cute
I got babies I got baby how you doing
back there baby can you guys see her is
she doing okay and I can't really tell
Oh what's up
did you like my babies did you like my
video on YouTube
everyone knows the challenges on YouTube
do well right so I feel like right now
I'm making one up it's gonna be the
adopt my baby for a day challenge you
guys like that so this is pretty chill
right walking around with the babies but
as soon as they poop or vomit
that's my cutoff I'm out hey we in the
smoothie shop I got babies sitting up
front I got babies in the back way in as
buddha' job babies in my back thing hold
up guys I got one baby I got two babies
baby got back la face baby got front
dude let's go
you like my baby everyone's freaking out
my favorite except I've only seen dude
just like whereas a chicks I need chicks
for my babies can I please have the
Mokka rush smoothie quiet because we
rushed into the touchdown they're my res
babies on my back I got babies in the
front babies everywhere
babies ever hey how's it going so far
can you block for me back there
she's been vlogger can is she doing
anything what about you
yo I love baby so much okay I got my
smoothie do you want some I don't want
to be a hog
you want some smoothie no okay do babies
know how to suck through straws or is
that like a learned skill
what about you Ronnie how am I gonna do
this excuse me sir can you hold this can
you can you feed the baby in the back
yeah the baby in the back is he doing it
yeah it's weird I don't think babies can
suck through straws but thank you sir
I appreciate you goodbye
yo I'm taking care of your babies I
actually like it I'm doing good
I can't I wasn't I wasn't yes I was
I totally was anyways I caught them
eating I'm doing good though so I'm not
gonna ask for help you but where are the
honey's at bro I gotta find some girl
there any girls here in Hollywood you
wanna check out my bed got two of them
when I never hear one another a
you like my babes three babes in one
spot what more could you ask for what
do you like my babies you got three
babes in one spot one two three why are
you laughing what she laughs at me she
lies she goes I'm not a baby what do
babies eat are you guys hungry you
didn't get my smoothie you guys you guys
want something to eat I think she said
yes what what oh no I knew can you help
me can you help me how does she not hear
me I'm pointing at her I'm so god
oh god I'm in reading napkins I'm such a
rookie oh how do i what do I do to your
sister
she started on me actually she started
on herself which is it probably worse
you have children I do that what do i do
she started Oh God no one was the hello
I don't know what to do and she's
playing music so I'm just gonna dance
I feel like the baby maybe snotted cuz
she's hungry so I'm gonna get some some
food to feed the baby I don't you know
now you see when you guys are with uncle
Logan we can eat stuff like cookies and
cakes and more cakes boy you think doing
some cookies no I can't tell again I
can't read these babies what about you
you want some cookies
I think she shook her head no oh these
are some responsible babies dude like I
definitely shouldn't be giving babies
sugar right that's right you can't have
sugar you'll get cavities okay here baby
we are in the produce section a lot of
healthy foods you eat a lot of greens
yeah what do you think of the cabbage
what do you think I can't read this baby
I'm gonna assume she will go with this
the baby is falling off what is my
profession I can't be good
oh cool oh you did want the cabbage
she's like erupting oh no it's okay baby
it's okay it's okay baby don't cry don't
cry how you liking the cabbage
everything I don't know bro I don't know
what I'm doing how do i I warned you I
said the babysitter no you made me the
babysitter I don't know what I'm doing
so I brought cabbage that was eating it
yes see the bright side look and you
call them to death look this is a
successful day we good I could be a
parent in bursts of three hours I give
you a great feed you would it be give me
a B+ at least be blue bur for
babysitters
I want to do it uber for babysitter's
we'll call it against my better judgment
I'm gonna bring the babies Kyler and
Madison to meet maverick the parent Hey
hey buddy what there's a probability but
I think you're okay
yo you ruined your chances with the
babies you're bad I'm so sorry what went
through your head like I was literally
gonna die yeah but barely nine No
no it isn't like the baby's a parent do
you guys want to see how to mark hey
Mark I got a couple babes
yo this has gotten four times worth
worth worth worth anyway if you want way
this looks like the bed of death all
right well I still hope you get better
bye mark no we know maverick doesn't oh
Jesus we know maverick doesn't attack me
so I want to see if he hates babies or
not oh snap yo maverick became a human
being he's walking on the ground get up
you're a bird get up and fly why is he
walking on two feet we doing cuz what
are you doing where you going bro why
are you peeking your house hello ninja
bird I'm just chilling here with his
babe oh he's getting a little aggressive
I don't know if I like this look he's
following me he's following me just
leave me alone
hi maverick you're being evil dude I
gotta go crazy you don't know about that
bird I'm out no don't leave again bro we
already went through this once and your
baby sneezed on me I didn't even tell
him that yeah your baby sneezed all over
bro and on herself it was bad it was
like a four-inch line of snot dude bro
just grab a tissue man oh yeah it
would've been a good solution I'm not
kicking them out but I think the babies
have you know I mean look their cue and
all but I can only handle so much baby
yo thank you guys for coming
hey Tatum and Oakley you guys okay Ivy
Uncle Logan yes
goodbye sweet baby goodbye sweet baby
okay we'll see you guys later
oh wait wait wait one thing there you go
got you okay I'll get it later I guess
bye I love you it's more like a friend
love I think I love my friends not like
like I don't want to marry that this is
a dumb joke anyway that was quite the
day dude oh yeah I will say I did learn
a valuable lesson
being a parent has its ups and downs but
mainly downs and that is why I don't
think anyways I am gonna be a dad
anytime soon I know my mom's watching
this is like what do you mean where
production kids fit very important when
you make love anyway do not forget
tomorrow's vlog oh I'm so excited let's
get it anyways I love you guys I will
see you wait a second I want to plan on
getting a hundred and fifty thousand
likes on tomorrow's vlog so plan a blunt
liking that vlog in fact save your likes
to save that thumb save that little
clicker for tomorrow's video but I will
see you tomorrow
take it easy fam you know I love you
a few big listen this is a bond McKee
tries to bond with her creator that's
not where the milk is
