I'm also look at my face is swollen you
know when you wake up in the morning
you're just like that's now because I'm
not tired I just like I don't know dude
I'm actually about to go work out your
little pump in because as you guys know
you watched my vlogs tomorrow yesterday
was my cheat day and I'm hoping I'm a
little bloated right now also last night
I made this snail out of play-doh
check it out you see look at this look I
made this guy out of play-doh it's cool
huh okay anyway good morning mom oh hi
mark
oh I got a comment about those my
nipples yeah if you smile why does
Mark's nipples look like pimples oh this
to me bro damn I do have pepperoni
nipples good to see you mark why do you
have a condom on your head it's a beanie
it's like a condom nope that is a beanie
okay
amazing I'm about to go work out
actually okay talk to you later no
bother hit the gym hit the gym hit the
gym god damn I'm on point this morning
oh yeah bro
look around guys tell me what you see
ready ready cold hard steel I'm not a
Guinness tank but you guys have seen me
work out like a lot so I'm just gonna
get through this quickly
that's the work i'm here with mark now
if you guys do not know you should know
mark is obsessed with the house being
clean mess because of you this yo shut
up this time was 900% you but you put it
there look you you move this table here
you put like why do you have a loofah
first stuff ok second off this also this
is yours bro yeah you did but yo the
bottles and stuff em it was you hello P
LP LP ok there my bottle these bottles
are mine LP LP you know P son of a bitch
we should clean up the house we'll clean
it up pepperoni nips pimple nips we're
gonna get to work shortly alright room a
mark I'm leaving buddy gotta go get a
new camera cuz this one is bro did I hit
you what what happened to that I just do
it on the ground it broke I think we
don't the that's it what happened bro so
you guys might have noticed I did not
notice I have something in my teeth is
it right there yeah I was going down the
elevator and someone's like oh by the
way you have something yo see this is
why I need to get a new camera
well good I know this is why I need to
get a new camera which I'm going to do
right now but anyways yes someone
pointed it out to me they're like I was
just like uh yeah I'm gonna leave it
there so yeah I'm gonna do that I'm just
gonna let it chill save it for later
okay I'm at the camera store
I am uncomfortably familiar with this
place why why must I break a camera
every month oh yeah because I do stuff
like this
hello baby how are you I want to tell
you that you're gonna have a long and
prosperous life but I don't know that
for sure you could easily end up like
your brother here destroyed another 750
dollars down the hatch
autofocus autofocus wait for it is it
focus I am gonna open this up and start
vlogging with this bad boy shortly but
first I need some food oh snap okay that
was easy look food I'm talking chicken
burger right some green beans type
things it also looks like my city has
been swallowed by a giant cloud there's
a little hope over there but you're
mainly just cloud I also noticed room a
mark did clean the house the counters
clean the table is back where it is nice
nice so I got a couple exciting things I
want to mention one tomorrow I am
releasing the video I made with vide
wing the rock Johnson you guys know me
you know I love Dwayne everything he
stands for he is a legend he's like a
older bigger better Balder version of me
if I could exchange my brother Jake Paul
for Dwayne the rock Johnson I would do
it but anyways yeah this video is going
live tomorrow here's a little sneak peek
I think I'm about to headbutt him in
this scene ready oh my god I just what
the heck I'll see that's all you get to
see but by the time this vlog is out
this will be live on Facebook Instagram
Twitter everywhere but do me a favor go
- oh my god the Sun is beautiful inside
nope oh my god see that's what I like to
see now if I was a good vlogger I'd set
up a time lapse
oh wait a sec is this all yet yeah baby
that's me time lapsing the sunset
do I even need to say it I'm a vlogger
dude hashtag walking but yes do me a
favor go watch this video on my
Instagram at little bit Paul give it a
like give it a comment what should we
have the low gang comment how about just
uh what should we have you guys come in
hmm oh okay I got it
comments something about Dwayne and
Logan movie like you should make a movie
with him or like y'all should make a
movie together yeah cuz I want to make a
movie with the rock that'd be sick so
excited for that and then I have one
more really big announcement that I'm
not gonna say just yet it will be in
today's vlog but just not yet I came to
George's marks the George's do you see
his hair there but also there's
something about mark oh my god haha you
look like a snake dude like oh yeah you
look like your slither a little snack
snack Where's George you're the person
whose house we're at joy oh yeah is this
door locked
yeah better be like okay now isn't that
where oh whoa take a shot with that dog
the dog dead ass I'm not kidding I made
the dog lay right here because I was
terrified for the three minutes I was
gonna shot you guys a kill an accurate
consider what are you doing in here
which is on the same wavelength smoke I
can help you thank you open your eyes
turn this way yo why you trust me to do
this uh-oh yo what are you doing
look yeah what are you looking up all
right that's what the head no just look
straight bro wait this is Mark open your
eyes wide it's hard you got it you got
it you got it
ah ah get it bro yo he's going oh I'm
looking to my camera to get this is doe
alright George George get it oh I give
up on you know what use my hands right
no this is probably gonna make the Logan
cringe bow uh yes he brought he what
stop blinking it's your fault you can
you know just don't believe in yourself
selfie come on bro you got it yeah get
it that's the market why bro we have the
same color hair hey butters you see that
that's not terrified this is me and
butters bonding about our hair do I
actually like this talk I'm not I'm not
normally into little dogs
well like this was all curly huh no no
no good time well tell you what you fat
little car yo also guys I do have bad
news speaking of dog Roman Atwoods dog
just passed away
Zeus Roman bro we are sorry for your
loss stay strong we all love Zeus bro
he's in our minds right now to be honest
I don't know who he is but that's very
unfortunate you've never met him no I
know who Roman is I've never met the dog
oh I don't even know he had a dog my dog
got stupid digging a hole deeper whole
life and I kept in my backyard and two
gentlemen jumped over my fence and stole
him chewy jello
No yeah see I told you it's now my fault
you can't get this one bro I can't help
starting to get a lazy eye get it bro
you're so close to get it get it
yo it's the promised land huh what do
you mean is it's covering up a fifth of
your eye bro come on mark I see the
light at the end of the tunnel you're
about to score the touchdown bro you're
about to get it bro grab it I'm gonna do
it for my boy boy boy okay the next item
on the agenda today is a screening
another screening of my movie airplane
mode so basically with the screening is
the movie so the movies not out yet but
we show it to an audience to get their
reaction basically this is a test to see
what jokes in the story are working if
the story is working bla bla bla but yo
I actually invited a lot of low
gangsters like I put this on my snapchat
for 30 minutes I was like send an email
to this if you live in the Los Angeles
area yo who the fuck is calling me bro I
about that lost my cool there for a sec
health um snack yeah one of the many
benefits of having me on snapchat at
Logan Paul I think my dad and my brother
are here too so let's go fine I did yeah
so this is the one who shot the movie
this is cold
he's a semi that looked really pretty yo
you're pretty free this just got weird
row yo easy this is one half of the
directors in the 1p so sorry you know
listen you had a plan I like this plan
okay so I'm gonna go introduce the film
walking in bacon today so sorry and go
home and then I'll be like
I might resent actually brings it right
after he says it and just lessen the
drug I kicked out Wow oh okay Wow okay
so they're going in right now I can't
kick down the door cuz it opens the
wrong way but I'm still gonna do
something hey guys
everyone thank you all for coming is my
brother here do you make videos on
YouTube
ah finds that bro rest in peace
give me your thoughts bro I laughed
really really hard do you think it's too
much it's a lot yo it goes so far but
it's a lot but it's so lit like hard to
finish it's gonna change the world like
people who are just like
what you think awesome
everybody's gotta go see ya I'm not just
saying Jake it's Jake so many great
parts for me
everybody's laughing I was talking to
the crowd awesome
are you what I see you vlog Oh what kind
of camera is that stuff first off ok get
my face take it off I undo the that's my
boy you ain't my boy
are you vlogging with a big camera now
bro yeah yeah well I have to how about
this huh I got 2 cameras I would you do
that for the vlog yo it's still fine if
you are anyone under the age of 17 here
for example she'll make a shirt a
custom-made shirt that says you wouldn't
know this vlog live hashtag vlog oh my
this is amazing actually
I told these guys these low gangsters
that I had an announcement and that
announcement is later in the week I'm
releasing my first peach piece of March
everyone be ready cuz it's gonna be
poppin we get a group hug
okay low gang I am home I said it before
I'll say it again I love I love I
freakin love meeting you guys you become
more than a number you know more than a
subscriber like you guys actually
believe it or not means something to me
but enough of that cheesy bullsh
I'm going to bed however I have some
more good news okay so originally I said
the video of what the March is gonna be
released Saturday I do not know that for
sure okay it's gonna be released near
the end of the week but keep an eye out
for it because because I got a callback
for that big audition that I had the
other day the one that I said I didn't
do good on the one that I said was the
biggest audition of my life a callback
meaning I'm going in I get to read for
the director and yeah so it's big big
news I am excited and on that note I
will see you guys tomorrow
take it easy fan
as you bid
