what's up guys we're giving out free
pizzas yep
you guys know pizzas I appreciate that
enthusiasm I heard in the background do
it again though yeah okay Arnie how you
feeling this morning bro pretty well
rested after that sleep loss
oh nice bro yeah oh yeah check this out
here's how I found Arnie this morning
normally people sleep there or maybe
even here well I've never seen someone
sleep in between them yep you definitely
woke up with a position in between bro
even look with the pillow still our man
was look like pepperonis what do we have
over here oh yeah guys I have some news
my brother Jake Paul star of Disney
Channel's Buzard bark here we go
he sent 15 pizzas to my house today you
guys know I'm not eating pizza I'm on a
strict diet know it I think it does look
appealing
yeah no mark and I was like no yeah oh
yo it doesn't look appealing who those
fricking 220 dollars for these pizzas
and I don't know I don't know what to
tell the guy I'm like yo like I didn't
what
$250 after the tip actually know it no
no I'm exposing Jay he gave us money to
pay after we like freaked out but he
only gave us enough money to tip the
pizza guy who brought 15 pizzas up to
our eighth floor apartment $4 we tipped
the guy for toddlers and George being a
good nice Christian boy he is was like
yo I gotta go get some money out of the
ATM how much you didn't sit in 20 still
not sufficient yo I don't know how to
say this before Jay Paul yeah
q Jay Paul yo with some enthusiasm show
him how it's done
what do you Pam yeah my mom's name
right cue Jake pop yes I like that well
well well look who it is
are you vlogging I'm blogging what do
you think you're funny huh you think
your YouTube channel has more
subscribers than me yeah it does yo I'm
gonna say this but screw you Jake
because I got 50 beats I don't eat pizza
not to mention you only left four
dollars for a $220 order as a tip what's
up don't feel you have no idea Jake The
Secret Service security Frank like good
luck topping that bro cuz let me tell
you pizzas
you have no idea Jake you have brought
yourself a storm that in the South they
call this storm that's because you don't
know it and you don't know this vlog
like maybe you do know it especially
because you have more subscribers than
me yeah it screw you Jake
I'll just decide I don't like this bro
bye
I just played it up his blog I could
give you
I got blog content for days I just want
to say for those of you coming over from
Jake's channel the Jake father's welcome
to the low gang here we are more savage
we're more lit we are more hype and also
I think most importantly we get more w's
that means winds and also bitches listen
w what a start to the day bro what are
you doing that's that's why you're doing
this if you're taking your top dog let's
see if we can drop it down off to the
bathroom it's not you're gonna drop it
where I feel like I feel like this isn't
the best idea
don't drop this Pizza Mauro it's a pizza
no don't no one answer no one wants a
pizza yeah you know you know
I know I was like yo Marcus finally Omar
come on bro no no I know we're already
gonna get so many comments saying why
did you drop a pizza uh I came down here
this is the beats of chilling do I get
it or do I leave it there like what's
the deal I'm thinking I get it cuz I
know in the comments everyone's already
gonna be like yo you wasted a pizza I
didn't waste the pits okay it's still
perfectly edible hey Gogi you hungry
compliments of Jake Paul oh I know he is
an a-hole
I know hey go buddy you can thank Jake
Paul for that hey while I was in the
shower I was looking at this pizza and I
came up with this idea also how are you
good Wow we're both mom what room is
that maroon I'm a little tanner maroon
but that just did a middle-eastern oh
here's my idea can anyone guess Arnie
something with pizzas that's a fact
George mmm they feelin good today
that's a double fact but no here's my
idea Valentine's Day is tomorrow this
vlog is being released on Valentine's
Day I'm like yo what what what why did
he get back he's your other day tomorrow
hashtag single life
my idea was to carve this into a heart
and then give them out what do you think
no I'm not wasting we're doing a good
deed he's so right dude this is such a
bad idea but we'll do for this one and
we go for a thumbnail yo you see you the
other day yes this guy our new single
yeah
maybe it's different father I'll find
one date okay this is the fun of seeing
is that is that love or am I wrong come
on Georgie admit is cool that is pretty
nice I will admit I don't think it's
practical I don't think we're gonna be
able to do this for every single pizza
can I at least get a props for you guys
for trying
thanks guys here at youtube.com slash
Logan Paul vlogs we'd love to do epic
thumbnails so we set this up and we are
gonna take one of the sexiest thumbnails
of 2017
oh oh hi mark
oh hi mark yeah what do you think it is
bro it looks good right aesthetically
pleasing yeah also look at this oh you
shouldn't have I didn't it's not for you
but it's a heart I see that it's cool
right again just try to kiss me bro
you know why what you you're hangry huh
no I they're not called they're lukewarm
we've been over this everybody knows
that I'd rather have cold pizza than
that yo that's true cold pizzas dope
watch the beef before our bread came at
our table
that's how bros do it like yeah if we
fight it's squashed in our girls yo till
death do us part
y'all hold them that's just against each
other forever before I go your bar Real
Talk I love you like a brother to your
bitch for those who do not know what
you're talking about they got some beef
earlier watch the vlog from two days ago
hashtag always plug always locket yo you
know why I did it cuz I got the low gang
on the mind son they want to see
entertainment some tension so like real
life keeping up with a girl yeah
yoyoyo but that begs the question do you
have talent in a road there's a lot of
homeless people there but unfortunately
I am a very important meeting at 4:00
p.m. so I'm not gonna do that we just go
around Hollywood oh look at this
so this is not my car right my car is
over there but it looks like this car
hot damn
by the way thanks for taking all the
pieces bro I owe you one how about a
kiss
stop with the kiss right I don't want
those things just go ahead and toss them
on in there but I'll got it roll for
those less fortunate than us I'm not
gonna lie I'm a bit worried there is a
problem with Hollywood homeless people
who are hippies they that's not why is
that a problem that's not a problem oh
that is true assuming we can discern
between hippies and homeless people here
is the issue we've all offered food to
Hollywood homeless people for all of us
and every time they're like you have me
cash and we're just like no man but like
I'll buy you a pizza I'm going to the
pizza shop they're like I would just I
would prefer cash I'm sorry what I'm
trying to buy you food bro it's tough
because like I don't this I sound like a
dick but sometimes they're high
maintenance so hopefully they take our
pizzas you know we're just trying to
help out follow them what
you want a Valentine's Day
this is what I'm talking about why not
you're like pizza okay
me first first attempt was an extreme
fail literally exactly what I said
happen I go yo you gluten-free he's like
yeah I give up I gave some birds in LA
and some bread in there like not I can't
he was right it and I lied it's just
tough there everybody's vegan or
gluten-free or not hungry feel very good
about this strip right here what if we
don't do it to just homeless people
what's up guys take our pizza its fans
and a pizza yeah pizza take our pizza
rolls no no take the whole box bro take
the hopeful you want the whole box
take it take our pizza happy Valentine's
Day happy Valentine's Day dude you want
to beat the row take a pizza my man
happy Valentine's Day that was
successful
what's up buddy are you hungry
we got a full pizza for you bro
Valentine's Day happy Valentine's Day
like it subscribe see again George's
putting so much effort into my vlog this
is why I love this man yay or nay pizza
you guys want pizza at this point George
you're saying do you want pizza she's
going no I don't want your pizzas jugs
in it sort of got cholesterol dude oh my
god one part of me respects it one part
of me is like yo la healthy right the
other parts like yellow if you're hungry
just eat their home ok well that just
makes you an asshole post it up against
the wall you want some pizza
yeah I got really close I smell the
dudes cologne and everything I was like
ah this guy dude no no go in the start
no ask him excuse me yo what do you say
I say we just leave a pizza on his car
yo this is my boy nods you get a pizza
but us I don't know a precinct you know
we taste so delicious
trust me if you like please go ahead eat
pizza from up where I am and the brand
new man yeah I mean pizza have the
chilling on the God who do you want to
talk to us got my pad LG chuckle if you
wanna do like a purple I go clean the
drain streets but I won't bang no I try
to get my money right to get it dance
every time I look up I'm hanging with my
boy down come on
I mean there's our truck she called me
on the phone back up because if you want
to wake up
yo that was freaking dope like beyond
just a vlog every time someone accepted
a pizza homeless or not I was like I was
just like they're happy and I think the
coolest thing about it was that like we
did not plan on doing that today Jake
said the pizzas we were like yo what do
we do but yeah that was sick I know some
people are gonna come and be like yo you
didn't need a video recording and put it
on the Internet do a good deed without
putting it on the you know shuttle
seriously a daily vlog daily okay Bevo
video la see if I'm doing a good deed
a million people see this video how many
people will this video inspire to go
good doo doo mm-hmm go do good deeds on
their own I don't know ten a hundred
five hundred million I don't know dude
Arnie do you know no one knows man the
point is of good deed is a good deed in
that felt genuinely awesome also if
you're single on Valentine's Day and I
could not deliver you a pizza probably
most of you watching this vlog just
remember single life hashtag relatable
hahaha I'm not gonna lie guys tonight I
made a mistake I went out and I did not
bring my camera and I skipped like 8
hours of vlogging ok listen I'm sorry
but I love you guys I'm not gonna talk
very long cuz I don't have much to say
cuz today was epic giving back always
muy bueno
but I will see you guys tomorrow take it
easy oh wait whoa whoa y'all by the way
tomorrow which is actually today we are
waking up in 5 hours to go to Sequoia
National Park I'm talking beautiful
trees snow I actually have no idea I've
never been there what is gonna be dope
so I will see you guys tomorrow
take it easy low gang yo I'm done to
kiss my boy in the mouth you know why
cuz that's my boy
