heyyo good morning love gang what
Houston looking fabulous pinion wings
gonna get savage again today in fact in
about 20 minutes we are going to go work
out I think
but not just any work it's with JJ Watt
strainer for those of you who do not
know who JJ Watt do you know JJ Watt is
I believe he's like a soccer player JJ y
is like one of the best deep he plays
football and he's really good his
trainer is gonna train us and we're
gonna sweat and they're gonna like
monitor our sweat and so I don't know
clearly let's go inside and see what's
going down I appreciate that
oh right okay I'll never let go Jack
where you going we're going we're
squeezing my log tell me what you do a
second I needed where you going Oh what
for what for what
Oh dope bro savage level activated
I've never seen such an aggressive
reaction I have one goal today and that
is to be absolutely torn up by this
trainer are you working out because
you're wearing boots I just realized
are you changing damn she let my peer
pressure influence really get to her
head oh yeah like kind of ratchet hair a
little bit it's fine I do see my bird in
there where are you buddy
this is gonna be great I'm gonna put a
picture of maverick just like poking his
head out right now it's going down we
have arrived what is this where we going
the ex Jim no I don't know where we are
what is going on but it's just like
currently futuristic introducing the
future of sports fuel this is gonna
collect my sweat net for armbands
this bottle is customized to me I think
they're gonna measure the amount of
liquid I drink at the end and then
they're gonna do something to be honest
I have no idea what I'm talking about
whoa whoa I literally have no idea what
I'm doing but this is so cool
check it out I got good fluid balance a
high rate of sodium law and a high sweat
rate I'm a savage I actually don't know
pretty much what any of that means but
still I'm a seven so are you mad are you
salty in fact you're not salty because
your sodium rate is low can you do the
honor of telling the low gang where
we're going next row why they're
peacocks just chillin in Houston Texas
oh my god is beautiful on a peacock so
hey yo we're definitely gonna get the
selfie bro no the peacock has escaped so
we're actually at our guests house the
surprise but we just got distracted by
the peacock this some taken at the 29 by
Antonio starts to his left comes up for
you
no I so I'm looking around here and I
have a couple questions one why does
your friend look like the Terminator bro
that's my trainer idea nice nutritionist
my man's on camera savage mode God what
you got here for it's called protection
and then three brother peacocks vamos
the birds oh I need to throw this to you
and I need to see your skills in person
yeah clearly this man does not MIT
it's subtle but it still says I'm here
to go just made a baby listen you guys
ever been to the carnival right yeah
I've been in carnival you throw the ball
yeah not the fat guy in the water okay
and then Tony or Brown it's gonna take
shots kanakas in the fat guys going in I
gotta make no
why did you do that no one even prompted
you you just did it I know he's like yo
I'll tell you what do you mix it I'll
jump in now Antonia had to go to some
event where did he go right
Justus he just disappeared right home
he's gone he's booming yeah he flies
with the birds so maybe he just took off
in the sky next we are going to I think
it's like a clothing gifting suite so
basically we show up and they give us a
lot of clothes for free I'm gonna
literally I'm gonna try to copy two
thousand dollars worth of clothes no
you're not I swear I'm gonna I like and
we only have like 10 minutes we're in a
rush so we walk in we just we could
steal shit not stealing they give it to
us we put it in back-to-back I want you
to hit me as hard as you can give me
what sighs oh my god it's collecting
time
of net Andhra here is letting manager
Jeff try on his Super Bowl ring yo is
this it's with the the Broncos well I'll
take these a little bit of a classic
v-neck tank top for their muscle we've
got to have a sexy back is there such
thing as a v-neck that is too deep I
don't know about this bro I don't know
if I'm feeling it let's see what rice
things so you think Rob is it too deep
she got some boobies I know you can rock
it bro go to the club in that yeah right
yeah I bought it I did I bought it I'm
wearing it out I can't go I didn't
actually buy the shirt and I really want
to hang with them if you didn't snapchat
it did it really app can I use you for
clickbait I mean I'm paid they'll be
casual like me and rice will be there
with our bags and then just like your
ass will be in the middle like we are at
a Chinese restaurant because the rice
insisted that we go here I need my daily
dose of rice because the little Asian
that's not your uncle no way bro what up
G I literally have enough time to set up
my tripod right now to make this joke
know where my friends are dude I'm
sitting here like a lost puppy
cuz there's no one to film I literally
had time to set up my tripod so I can
make this joke this is how pathetic I
look right now
so thanks for joining me guys it's uh
it's good that you guys are actually
here and we're like talking and okay
our generation stocks dude that was
delicious we are back at the crib oh
remember we did to him this morning that
is it for today's vlog tomorrow is the
Super Bowl tomorrow like Friday yeah it
was good today was better today and
tomorrow me badder and then Monday
better thank you for being my thumbnail
clickbait that's my girl we will see you
guys tomorrow
we love you take it easy fan
as you bid this man just dab in my love
