good morning what is pop so as you can
see I've been getting it this morning I
am in the gym if you could not tell look
there's me to prove it with Gucci
it's Tuesday I feel good I feel very
good this Tuesday it's gonna be a good
day to start the day that was a pretty
good workout I got swole for sure I
didn't have one minor hiccup though I
was on Facebook live in my phone drop
but no worries dude my phone is just as
tough as me just as tough as the low
gang it is fine who knew so much moment
anyway let's go upstairs go get changed
and go say what's up to my boy maverick
the parrot where's my boy what up buddy
good good oh I just worked out that was
good my phone drops - are you pooping in
my vlog no no you're disgusting
yeah you really did what no yeah you are
I can't do that buddy I'm sorry that is
a mark I have something to show you
I guess winnings dude so you put 5k of
one hand and I won and you didn't do it
again know why because we manifested a
bro manifesting we made it happen we
said at the beginning the weekend 5k on
black what was me I just kept repeating
at 5 camp I've got be sleeping at wake
up a book report and then we did it bro
and one and not how to think it you know
you should have done tell me because I
don't know she's with the 5k you put on
black in the pocket the other POC can
black again yo mark the euro you are a
gambler that is irresponsible yeah I'm
learning now I got ya bro you got it you
got it bro cuz I'm starting it right now
ok so I am actually conveniently enough
on my way to my business managers office
he's gonna help me with my finances cuz
I don't know how to do that cuz I'm an
adult
but speaking of finances I get in the
car and my driver yo what's up dude
what's up what's your name bro Jonathan
he's like yo I've been having some issue
what happened this morning
look man I've been struggling all right
in
I actually bank with and he just charged
me for overdraft fees so which sucks
what is the total amount a hundred a
hundred and twenty dollars that they
just charged me extra when I only spend
$20 yo this is bullsh no bueno my man
sometimes in life it gives you lemons
but you have to make beef stew that make
sense
these stew is your beef stew today comes
in the form of a hundred-dollar bill
that I'm gonna give you right now you're
in luck bro I'm feeling generous today
oh you're funny man oh my god I'm giving
you this money right now man take this
I'm good I'm gonna give it back to you
no I swear to God that is yours
hey overdraft fee no way your fees bro I
swear to god she's checking if it's true
it's real wrong I swear to God
I got in the car and I was like you told
me this smells like yo this is a sign
hopefully that makes your day a little
better of course bro everyone needs a
little pick-me-up every now and then
IG you have a good day come out of
course of course
I guess this is a good time to issue a
daily challenge to you Logan
go out and do a good deed make someone
smile do something cool even if it's
small you'll feel like a boss I feel
really good right now that was fun two
hours later and now we were back home
where's my boys with my squad guys why
am I the only one home where did Mark go
mark
more MORE okay so after some further
inspection mark is nowhere to be found
do I call the cops and they file like a
missing persons warrant but it's okay
right I got the whole house to myself I
can do stuff like this Oh see that was
cool oh I didn't realize when I landed
how soft this whole setup would be dude
and now I'm just getting kinda sleepy
I'm a bit hungry today I've not eaten
yet so I'm gonna grab one of my pre
petrified pep-pep boys there's
everything for less boys pre-prepped
meal made by my personal chef Carmen
Garvey and once again thank you for
these meals the dough they were
twerking with the veggie omelet smash
okay what is happening next oh I know
I'm getting my carpet cleaned I'm
adopting see how dirty this is no one
likes a dirty carpet so I took the
liberty of hiring adults to do adult
stuff for me I'm learning dude I was
expecting like adults or like maids or
so these kids are like four I'm slightly
over exaggerating they're probably more
like twelve or thirteen okay I'm not
gonna lie still exaggerating but more
like maybe like 20 there's a boy and a
girl it looks like they're like married
and they're like 19 or 20 years old okay
I'm gonna try and sneak the camera and
show you guys I had to put maverick in
his cage because this thing is really
loud but I think he's a little scared
really I'm just trying to show you guys
these kids they're like right behind me
I gotta be super secret
yo were you able to see that I'm just
I'm stunned
good for them dude freaking out here
making businesses and stuff meanwhile
I'm just vlogging my life away no show
at first sounds like these kids are here
to clean my house and I looked on the
counter bro they got some sort of like
milky powdery substance mean I'm not
trying to say anything but look dude
that looks like crystal meth to me what
do you see what is that like you
it looks like carpet cleaner why I
thought it was crystal meth what about
the - vodka - no that's one thing these
kids like when we make eye contact they
look at us a little longer than usual
but like peers through yeah then here's
- I'm like kind of sketched out right
now dude and he's behind me
honestly I was just using it as a
describe distraction so he wouldn't see
me pointing the camera at it oh snap
that cameras huge mark Jesus is bigger
than your head but also yeah you're
right that's an interesting way to clean
carpets if it gets the job done it gets
the job done okay so the shady carpet
cleaners just left and everything was
explained to me let's start off with the
carpet though first off I know it looks
dark but that's because it's gonna be
clean it's gonna be spotless
so all those shady they did do a good
job oh all I was gonna be like it was
not crystal meth but they actually left
it here oh no see maybe they're framing
us maybe I spoke too soon why would they
leave it here
oh no I'm gonna try and deliver this to
them hello hello okay they're gone uh
I'm not getting framed for this it's
gonna but yeah when they were leaving I
asked moans ago how old do you guys the
girl is 18 and the guy is 23 Hollywood
there's a carpet cleaning business and
that's adopting also I told us he was
like staring she was holding her looks
at me for longer than she should same
with the guy that was just attending
when she left she goes by the way I like
your vines so everything was explained
to me what mrs. carpet cleaning lady
vine is dead it is over done though so I
have an audition tomorrow it is nine
pages
I printed too so I have 18 pages it's a
big one I actually just got off a call
with my agent loads we've been killing
it for you bro you have this audition
this audition this audition yo Gino
sleep martini call ourselves team no
sleep because uh we don't really sleep
that's what savages do son but yeah the
point is a lot of TV a lot of film stuff
it's good stuff and that's I go for you
that's why I originally moved out to
Hollywood and I think it's cool that you
guys get to live this journey with me as
I blossom into a young movie star but
enough talking
it's highlight time
so I did smash the Smashing was
confirmed and now I'm taking a plunge
down the stairs a humble but did you
forget that they're wet Logan I think
you did my socks bro i socks the freakin
wet dude also why can I do that coming
in and you could see just the wet
miserable poor black ugly soggy damn a
moister sock it's a bad day to be a sock
kids it's a bad day maverick you'll
never know what it's like to have wet
socks no you won't you Roberta you don't
wear socks no you don't never I respect
you too but you don't know what it's
like boom so what's up guys some time
has passed I studied a little bit I went
through dinner meeting after bitch ha ha
just kidding I didn't go to a dinner
meeting
do not forget go out and do a good deed
today do something nice do something
that makes someone feel good it's a cool
thing you know paying it forward and
stuff it'll be cool man feels good to do
good things and on that note I love you
guys I will see you tomorrow take it
easy fanboys
it's you big money I'm adopting I was
vlogging it's like I come home to this
match now Grabbe dancing you're a
daunting early results
