good morning little gang was about so we
got back from Las Vegas yesterday as you
guys know I married a couple yesterday
like I officiated their wedding I now
pronounce you husband and wife you may
kiss the bride
I was up there and I said I now
pronounce you husband and wife you may
kiss the bride and when I saw them
locking lips I was like damn that must
be nice heaven well what so if you wanna
be my wife the applications in the
description box below I just honestly I
need someone who will love me and hug me
and make me their own anyway this is
Eric he's the friend of mine oh you look
dapper you look good as eric is of your
arrogance boy genius it's true but
nicely the thing I said yeah you say
it's true boy genius Savage and he
repeats everything twice it's true
that's true
ji Eric's here I'm like yo do you want
to throw doughnuts off of my balcony and
have people catch him in their mouth he
said obviously and then bird so that's
what's happening right now so Eric drove
here bro yeah yeah I'm impressed with
this that's a pretty nice car huh this
is why I say he's a boy genius he's
building satellites how are you 18 I
want to know what were you doing when
you were 18 nothing you're not Eric yo
this is dope car I'll wait it looks like
someone else's it looked it looks like
someone else is getting into Eric
actually I'm stealing your car donut
time every now and then I feel like I
need
and donuts have every now and then I
need a donut in man we're actually gonna
get donut holes logistically why do you
think you would get donut holes over
Donuts don't know holes are just a
million times better no bro because
they're easier to catch in your mouth
absolutely Matt I want to do a ton of
donut holes bro can we do like can you
fill that box
that's the 50 bucks great let's do it oh
my god
donut hole oh Jesus thanks bro I
appreciate you hey what's happening here
why are you in my house oh sure we're
about to do a strip show con job all
right well there's two guys here and one
has a megaphone so unless I'm missing
something
oh okay really the one here bro we'll
buy you he invited me no you guys have
the worst excuses ever why the fuck you
here this is Eric Hey oh he's gonna help
with the trajectory I swear you guys
here's what I want to do a lot more but
I can't no it's okay listen I'm gonna
toss one in your mouth hooray I feel
like you're especially good at this so
close you guys go down to the sixth
floor awesome I know it's gonna kill
their face okay we're about to throw the
first donut we're gonna cut to our
ground control George
thanks Logan anyway so we're going show
we're done Explorer waiting for you to
throw some doughnuts down there are
hailing donuts out they are hailing
donuts quick back to you Logan thanks
George man you guys are really into the
black doughnuts here we go the
trajectory was that point see he does
know he's it him nice and slow I want to
get one that's it and then we're gonna
send them down to the ground like eight
floors down oh I say mate you have
British I did an Australian for a while
okay well there it is did he get it
yes that's my boy I don't know how to
tell you this but can you go to the
ground we're doing an eighth floor drop
it hurts so bad it hurts real bad not
like a punch I'm not doing the head
literally fall like my truth is about
the myth big homie walks in and says his
lip is oh my god bro doughnuts are
aggressive yo you were two floors down
I'm about to go eight floors down here's
the thing between me go if you do eight
floors I'm a savage your sandwich well
we already know this so I'm oh no you
didn't steal it
Wow yo so you might have had a
Lamborghini but I got a star bro you got
a star look down there you go oh my god
it's beautiful
isn't that great isn't that crazy okay
we are on location I'm looking up here I
think George and Ray are up there oh
yeah ja ja George and Ray were
complaining about it hurting from two
floors down this is eight floors so
that's how many times four times there
you go four times higher oh boy guys
mind you I cut my lip on the sixth floor
yep this is gonna go right through his
jugular are you ready my boy I'm ready
oh my god it's gonna hurt like a bitch
oh my god yo no joke I don't know if I
can do it it hurts let's go across the
street I feel I get a lesson throwing it
straight down you can help me with this
yeah is that harder than like a lob yeah
yeah it has air friction and all that
stuff yeah so we're across the street
right now and hopefully this is gonna
work a little bit better you see this
yeah Logan are you good
aren't you gonna cause an accident maybe
bro if I have to run out I'm doing it
let's see how savage Logan is let's go
three two one go this is possible this
is definitely pop
and actually looks a little fall on me
I forgot now
I've got pegged in the face by one too
many don't hold today I think we call it
quits I'm in pain dude this this was fun
for not do we get back up to the room I
look in the mirror my face is screwed by
donut George and Ray are gone they're
they're just they're gone apparently you
can't catch a doughnut in your mouth
you lose your friends and cool guys I'll
be your friend mate
oh they're for you thanks Eric let me
ask you a question
my only friend when you look inside this
box what do you see I see no doughnuts
really because I I see failure Eric
likes my jokes there you can you can
stay right oh yeah you want in my place
do you want the deed in my house it's my
yeah do you want the deed to my house yo
wait a second there's hope more friends
friends who are you from Pompeii I can
barely see you with this camouflage
t-shirt thank you what do you think of
this bro
do you see my face yeah what do you
think what happened I got shot in the
face with donuts wampa no wait I didn't
see oh I understand
but you're going no you don't know you
don't leave me alone bro oh they weren't
vegan that's why huh yo Hagen this is
what vegans do they try to make you
famous
what do you what do you see in this box
what do you see oh my god what do you
think of this view bro it's amazing have
you ever been to Hollywood I've never
been all over yo
in the jungle the mighty jungle the lion
sleeps tonight you know what I'm
noticing actually so this bill you guys
know I always complain about this
building yeah it's in the way but yeah I
think I think either the building moved
or this is probably what is actually
happening the Sun is now setting more to
the right so we can actually see the
sunsets now it's amazing
barely only forward people like this
will happen to it they rule okay he's
giving me a gift
what is this getting to do love your
arguments there Eric knows as a trusted
pioneer of earth's most cutting-edge
technologies we feel the contents of the
box are best suited in your hands our
mission is to connect people in the real
world but that - box contains the future
establishing deep meaningful human
connection may find your whether
provides you with a vision into your own
future this top-secret box is serialized
to your name Jill the future is in your
hands
trust no one except whoever you use it
with this is an interesting device
apparently this device is the future
except it doesn't work so the future
apparently is gonna be shit find a
partner put on the headset be together
so I wonder if there is no VR yeah I
don't think it right we're just supposed
to make you stand near someone yeah this
kind of sucks Jeff your gifts up Oh what
is this supposed to do find a partner
put on the headset beat together so it
doesn't actually do anything our mission
is to connect people in the real world
oh yeah but do the cards yeah but it's
dark inside it's definitely broken I
think Jeffrey when you look inside this
box what do you see donuts we're really
yeah because I don't see in fact I only
see failure he's like what where is the
failure it's an inside joke in the blog
you'll never understand my man your
logic is so false it's false
no no don't know don't know gang I have
bad news someone's leaving - yeah it's
Eric and many more blogs though ok heck
yeah Logan loves me I do love him I just
met him today bro no that's true he
heard outside in the balcony and someone
walked by someone who I love it's been
84 um falling like this Maggie Mauro
what I like that jacket
come here man how are you how was Canada
good it's cold snowy no way just mash
yeah I love that guy yo it's so late at
night and I see people on the parking
garage across the street oh my god
they're doing jumps and jumping jacks
and dabbing all the above them so late
dude hello little gangsters one day I
hope to meet you well seconds later yo
what's up where you guys from what are
your names would you
from Ali okay very cool okay and wait
wait wait wait let me interrupt you are
you in the low gang yeah yeah yeah here
we go son let's go
sandwiches yes what do you have bro I'm
not looking a wallet a Batman wallet
come on boy everyone bring some game but
we doing a little bit different I love
this I love this you're giving this to
me bro I am honored and who the horse
calling me when I'm vlogging George
George Danko uh uh hang out nice to meet
you bro system fixed it'll be done okay
low gang system time is passed and he's
almost midnight you boys going to bed
I'm a bit tired and as you guys know
when I come back from trips like I just
went to Las Vegas
I'm bombarded with just work and adults
I get back so that's kind of what today
was about I had a lot of emails and blah
blah other fun stuff yeah the point is I
love you thank you guys for watching for
those of you watch the end I said all
the time and you guys love you bro and
girls girls - I love you anyways I will
see you guys tomorrow
take it easy fam
that's the Mexican version Esther
