and by the power invested in me I now
pronounce you husband and wife you may
kiss the bride hey yo good morning okay
what is Boston as you guys know this is
Elijah he is the one letting me be the
priest at his wedding today yo this is
why I don't know oh you know I'm so
freaking excited that Logan today today
I will be known his father Paul no one
no one's calling you Father everyone is
calling a father - my mother's my boy
all right
father father Paul what about last night
though the bachelor party here was a
scene straight out of a hangover that's
a fact
I heard someone bet $5,000 on black oh
yeah I did that
hello Pat smokin in my hand I hold
$5,000 cash that's a lot of money you
guys want this watch this cash too bad
can't have because it's mine honestly
we've been manifesting the W the whole
day go boom W meaning win we're gonna
win there's no chance of losing 50-50
chance of winning $10,000 or $0 let's do
this
fuck
so about one month ago this man reached
out to me and said Logan will you marry
me hey my wife oh yeah I was like yo
this is such a good opportunity like you
have to do this before you die you have
to cross it out the bucket list that's
what we're doing yeah we texted for a
little bit and then this conversation
took place I want to marry you and your
wife cuz what do I need to do any like
official documentation I'm gonna marry
you and your fiancee in Las Vegas I
cannot believe how easy that was no yeah
yeah we talked later you guys would be
very surprised how easy it is to get a
license to marry people 100% you are
legally married yes yes I thought they
were just gonna be like oh we just
wanted to know bro no no I'm I'm so
father Paul I'm so out here cuz you know
you actually have to be prepared like
there's things you have to say yeah I do
know that you know I guess cuz I did it
yeah right on her hand I think I have to
like you know how like you have to say
certain things to have it like the power
invested in me you may kiss the bride I
don't know any of that let me show you
how
here's option number one did you give
that out it's like a high school choir I
think I did high school choirs calm or
there's no question about this if you're
not wearing holding my wedding I don't
want you there alright go over white it
is dude so what is crunch time we're
gonna take pictures in like seven
minutes so your boy go go get ready hi
bro I'm out I'm about to go get some
food what I'm gonna go get food Oh any
money cash mom I'm good thanks hey gobo
5k I'm black dope
Lopes you joking right good morning
Spencer for me absolutely not good
morning how are you just get ready drop
my towel so it's not oh no good morning
bro
morning oh I don't think so I know it's
super douchey to be like yo look at my
cat bro but I'm just really happy I just
got really lucky and I'm happy it's only
because money is the only thing that
makes me happy anymore
calm down father Paul you're a priest to
that George and Spencer went to go get
food which is good because I'm getting
hangry head I can't be a hangry priest
no one likes a hangry priest wah I'm a
chill over here that's cool
yeah there's my boys there's my boy oh
they're driving my baby - looking so
sexy in this Vegas Sun yeah also have to
while I eat I think I'm gonna actually
write my vows oh wait I don't think
they're my vows I don't know how this
works I'm gonna write down what I need
to say is I haven't looked at that once
yo are you just now writing this down
have you even looked at this yeah I am
I'm ready bro just let me do my thing so
not ready for this bro what's up with
the red burrito I've never seen such a
thing you have 30 minutes to get ready
you for swearing and my fucking wedding
bow being the good fianc√©e he is he
wanted me to check if this was okay to
wear right what she said she said was
good she said it was good to go she said
sexy dance gravy I think you might have
been prompted on that a little bit she
did not say that okay but she's cool
with it yeah okay cool
sick yeah I didn't check with her if
she's angry at him it's gonna be too
late Kristen I just want if you're
watching this vlog and and this upsets
you apologies in advance
seeing how ill-prepared I am last night
was a little hard for me I was getting
nervous dude I have a lot of
responsibility on my hands
responsibility what how many syllables
is that dude if I did not have this red
burrito in my hands right now I'd be
freaking out a little bit actually I
still gotta write that stuff in the
Bible ha this is a disaster hood
afternoon slash evening everyone on
behalf of Elijah and Kristen I'm not
gonna write all this down this is so
long I'm not writing all this down
I just do this just just went you know
what let's do this let me happen
hell I've been right on tinder
I think this is where they're doing the
whole ceremony on the beach with people
in the gazebo again I'm not really sure
I feel like this whole day we're just
kind of winging it you have any idea no
because this is gonna be tough we have
to set up cameras and stuff to capture
all that goodness I think what I'm gonna
do is probably snipe from the rooftop
you're gonna go up there yo yeah dude
these are beyond vlogs at this point
dude we're making movies out here dude
I'm Spielberg E I'm not a blogger
spielberger we have burgers burgers
yeah burger hey nothing like a little
round of golf before the biggest day of
your life oh you gotta get your stroke
somes not use joke strokes tonight so as
the minister as father Paul I am like
the middle man so I can go check on the
girl oh man they all look so beautiful
my heart is just nothing
it's candid it's a candid photo its
candid yo this is crazy
this is getting very real very fast I'm
nervous hi we're getting married menu so
I said we're ready get her ready but I
do I do
no way how's the bride sir she goes
right hey how are you feeling great
today are you nervous I am there we've
got like 15 minutes asleep
oh I was talking about so you're getting
married right
we all got no sleep yo no no no no you
sound great you look phenomenal making
me want to get married one day anyways
I'm so excited for you and thanks for it
thanks for trusting me to Wed you thank
you so much fun oh my god I cannot
stress up leaders I just talked to the
bride-to-be bro
she said she's having some doubts I
should not be making that joke
I can't say it was one moment that I
fell in love Kristen it's every little
moment that she was always there I
needed her and I told her that I wanted
to backpack across Europe quit my good
job to do it and just start making
videos on YouTube any normal girl would
have said that's crazy
there's no way she said I want you to do
the things
so that when you're 70 you can look back
and say you did what you
hi my first idea to no avail
and pushed me out of my confidence I'll
he's a white kid who's a sweetheart he's
kind of scary-looking but you really
just excited for the everyday things
dude it'll be cool waking up and rolling
over and not checking my smartphone
instead looking this girl into her eyes
I'm definitely the most nervous about
her cooking she's never been a cook I've
never been a good I hope she learns
pretty soon guys okay so tensions are
high right now everyone's pretty nervous
including myself I had to take a swig of
some alcohol if they're gonna loosen me
up a bit
on behalf of Elijah and Kristen I would
like to welcome you to their special day
today marks the day that Elijah and
Kristen cease to be two individuals but
become one individual family unit
Elijah will you take Kristen to be your
wife will you love her honor her comfort
and keep her in sickness and in health
forsaking all others so long as you both
shall live
Kristen will you take Elijah to be your
husband will you love him honor him and
submit to him in sickness and in health
forsaking all others so long as you both
shall live what symbol of your love do
you give as a seal of these vows you
have just spoken Kristen do you accept
this ring as a symbol of Elijah's love
and as a seal of these vows just spoken
kind of messes up a little bit please
place this ring on the finger of
Kristen's left hand it's my face my
first time doing this that's the first
ever Kristen what's symbol of your love
do you give as a seal of these vows just
spoke Elijah do you accept this ring is
a symbol of Kristen's love and as a seal
of these vows just spoken Kristen please
place this ring on the ring finger of
Elijah's left hand and repeat after
Watson that's a sexy ring sorry got
distracted and by the power invested in
me by a $30 gift certificate I bought
online in the state of Nevada and also
that vlog life I now pronounce you
husband and wife you may kiss the bride
oh my god
yo that was deep deep deep right there
our life was changed today and it was
yours bro congratulations seriously know
your brother okay can I just can I thank
you from the bottom of my head for
letting me partake in the marriage and
and trusting me and all that jazz and
blah blah blah who you killed you killed
it you think so bro darn he killed it
thank you both if you guys want to check
out these guys channel these are the
bucket list the link will be in the
description they're dope that's why we
hung out together and make a baby where
does that yo-yo go away if you if you
when you guys have a baby can I deliver
it dude
that Park to you God please the vlog
needs a part to stop if you have a baby
I'm delivering it mark my words
in the vlog so subscribe and then one
more thing though I want this vlog I
want the low gang to get this vlog to
170 like I love you guys take it easy I
will see you tomorrow wait wait wait oh
snap there's one more thing I want to
give you boy
why are you gonna tease me like it's
yours bro no take it easy guys
three
