hey good morning low gang was blocked
I'm with my boy right now we both got
three hours of sleep which is four more
hours than we needed okay goodbye what's
your deal bro huh you don't to be in my
vlog well not either star you're good
bro you better be good I got pictures
made of you this is really funny okay
anyway yeah barely slept but I'm okay
fine except I'm not fine because this
happened yesterday I tried to clean out
my closet and be an adult and didn't go
so well
oh boy clean this up right now maybe
it's a good time all right first things
first got to move this suitcase what
hello hello Masuka stalking whoa yeah
whoa I'm not like putting in sound
effects or anything like my suitcase is
talking oh boy do I just like guns it
like how okay I'm a little nervous right
now what are you doing stop stop stop
what is your name and why you in my
suitcase
yo this is a disaster just kidding you
guys this is Sophie Sophie dossie she's
um a contortionist if you could not tell
how would you describe a contortionist
because what I just saw was like like
not human
it's just a really flexible person I'm
flexible
oh my god yeah we got you guys so good
with that joke so good we also got
Sophie's brother here Zach are you
flexible no that's not that's weird how
that happened how she's flexible when
you're not flexible and we also got
Spencer you guys know Spencer you told
me to pack for Vegas you told me about
camera
and the contortionists right that's oh
yeah yeah that's know that yeah that's
why we brought Sophie utility to bend
and it's done so if you guys have not
seen what this little girl is capable of
holiday so view 1550 the same same I'm
gonna show you guys but I'm not just
gonna show you we are going to react as
I show you what she does so we're all
chilling here including maverick
he doesn't like use everything like
anyone so Sophie was on America's Got
Talent
for what singing it's one of my dreams
to perform in front of millions of
people
good luck were you nervous yeah I
especially don't mess around because
what round is this
she made the finals yes oh my god what
yo what
yes she's only holding with her head
little kid that this is not a human
being we're dealing with yeah you have a
strong neck yeah same thing
damn yo yo yo how you doing this how are
you how are you hey
you're right
and soon we stam how this is possible
Sophie you're shooting a bow and arrow
with your feet and you got it yeah and
it blew up yeah this is amazing I am
blessed to be in your presence right now
Sophie we have to do that I'm a little
scared I do I'm scared too
a little bit of Sophie because it's like
it's not human being but like you know
this whole thing is a bit like risky I
feel like one of us is gonna die I think
it's gonna be you though oh god I'm so
done Sophie's brought some of her toys
he's gonna one-up me so hard today okay
why did she just do my biggest bling do
you like to steal all of my loking
audience dude this is bad
the doctor away so he eat this ass with
your feet she's trying to like take my
blog over right it is just a whole
little flexible thing as I might the
only dude she's taking over to you you
gotta go you know I cannot do this I'm
gonna do the jackal so I was like when I
was watching her I was like I think I
got the technique down someone give it a
go oh she's looking right at me
yeah I think you got it no she thinks
she's better than me brought like I'm
trying I'm really trying I think she's
better than you do we send her home I
think so what's doing situps
where is you guys here that's just gonna
okay yo Sophie are you down to get in
the suitcase again I have this funny
idea that we can do you got it quiet
hey oh don't put that leg in there okay
you would being do this I'm gonna give
you up Zac you do you mind holding this
camera
how you go you Charlie
in the Dakotas
okay yes would you get cuz okay here we
go yeah she's right there in the back
has she been making any noise yes I mean
peep okay let's see
okay you good
nothing happened um you show you you're
good you're not like hurt or anything
you could still like do my blog hey how
are you you're okay you made it
you okay yeah I don't know dude did you
see anything no I mean I thought you
were dead or something yeah know what
her but she's not human
she's not even Qureshi different how can
survive a fall like that in a suitcase
with her legs behind her ears this just
doesn't make any sense what do you say
this is Sophie welcome
she's from Mars oh my god yeah long trip
here all the way from Mars Oh Sophie
shoots arrows with her feet you have no
idea what this girl is capable of yes oh
yeah
we're really gonna test Opie's ability
she came over here on this hoverboard
and I'm like yo you've got to be able to
do cool stuff in the hoverboard is that
correct yeah that's um but what do you
got yeah sure
she gets her one up in my blog you got
it
whoa you think you can do that
don't be doing handstands on hoverboards
let's go what do you think no that was
amazing
okay sick my turn son you hold my phone
yo come on come on Sophie Sophie not
cool
come on clearly you're a better Acrobat
than I am you know but I'm probably a
better football player than you are
something you think about can you can
you be my mentor can you teach me do you
think it's possible yeah do I have what
it takes you have what it takes then
teach me Sophie please teach me yes
Logan it's me Robert please put a
handsome okay okay I understand your
position I want you but you cannot
complete it it's all in your head okay
in your head and most importantly in
your lip balm look at me I'm sorry what
okay look
the life you chose no computer this is
the life you chose Logan
around
lowdown
okay no more Sophie and I are raising
the game No
raising the bar changing the game break
in the internet right now I tell them
what you're doing George is gonna walk
in the door was this your idea yeah oh
yes I'm just gonna put this out there if
I wanted you to shoot something off my
head I didn't tell her I was gonna do
this do you think you could do it yeah
definitely really yeah what would you
miss don't miss he should be walking in
in the next minute can you hold it yeah
okay you good look there's no more
projectiles that could hurt you come on
in look at this shot bro she's a sharp
shooter with her feet
Katniss Sophie Dean oh you have so deed
it's a mark no hora mortis what what
what burning is a grow off get over it
that was just for fun you know we always
like scaring George however now we got
the squad we got the materials we are
going to a mountain and I am gonna let
Sophie shoot a pineapple off of my head
really I just had to do that thing with
George so I could see her aim and she's
pretty accurate so cuz I'm not about to
let this girl like shoot a pineapple off
my head if I know she's gonna miss ya
road trip time eh by the way we were
taking this baby to Vegas tomorrow and
by tomorrow I mean tonight shit's funny
how you mix those up sometimes so
tomorrow in Vegas we are racing exotic
cars and then I think we might be going
to the sand dunes and then it's a
freakin party dude but not just any
party I was not gonna tell you guys this
I was gonna keep his surprise but it is
a bachelor party why would one have a
bachelor
tell me typically they do that in this
culture around the time which in which
the two Wed so when people get married
you could have just said where people
get married there is a bachelor party
who's getting married
uh okay some some dudes we know oh wait
what
no not dudes no no no hey hey dude is
getting married to a female okay
although if two dudes do get married
like that's cool it's me 2017 it's fine
it happens but then the question is
raised well why are you going to a
wedding you know I'm not going to a
wedding
I am officiating a wedding officiating
you guys know what that means I am the
priest who says will you take this man
to be your husband and do you take this
woman to be your wife they say I do that
I say you may now kiss the bride that's
me I'm doing that this weekend in Las
Vegas and it's not some like bougie-ass
little like oh let's run away to Vegas
and get married no it's a super
expensive resort 30 people are gonna be
there these people are all from Ohio and
they're fans of mine so they're letting
me do it oh and we're vlogging the whole
thing yeah so make sure you subscribe
but it's gonna be wet you have your
booster seat
she liked that joke I shouldn't be
making these types of jokes on my mother
let the girl shoot a pile of my exact
you have yours they don't like that joke
right now we are at location at this
beautiful spot Sophie do you have the
goods Oh Mike is that SpongeBob's house
right now are we this is we stole
SpongeBob's house and we are shooting it
off in my head my brain cuz buses are
coming down the hill but not off the
hill you put it on this side we're gravy
what are the chances of success you
listen hmm I'd say one at ten yeah yeah
you've been around in for a while you
know that's that's how low this is crazy
all right yeah oh this is it this is
good time I trust
oh my god we just took the most heat
Instagram picture ever make sure you hit
me up an instagram at logan paul also
check out Sophie's channel what is it
plug plug it's at Sophie da see but
Sophie Sophie with a half yeah your your
indie she's India's thank you guys for
watching if you were not subscribed make
sure you subscribe during the little
gang cuz we're popping and I will see
you guys tomorrow don't forget we're
goin to Vegas I think I said that a
thousand times in this vlog take it easy
fam I love you peace all the way I
usually do this thing where I like shake
my head but you got a dope head of hair
so yeah you do it
how you feel bro should we get you out
Sophie wants to help you but I advised
her not to
