hey good morning little gang was Papa
so I hate to start the day in the
negative but I'm yo down boy down right
now here's why it is 11:30 a.m. I had
plans to shoot videos all day with Evan
if you don't know who Evan is he's my
door friend he's like he's this tall
he's a tiny one but here's the thing to
shoot videos you need someone to shoot
the videos that person is called the
videographer I don't have one I can't
find someone to shoot my video it is the
most frustrating thing ever I have one
of my best friends here who's so
talented we are the best physical comedy
duo on the Internet and no one so we're
dealing with that right now struggling
with that and there's a cure I got no
time to go get breakfast somewhere or
make breakfast of eggs blood no so I
cooked one of my precooked meals that my
personal chef made the problem is she
didn't make breakfast this week only
lunches and dinners so I'm eating this
lunch for breakfast grateful that I have
food though make no mistake well yeah
man it looks like I'm eating rice for
breakfast
yeah I'm not gonna lie guys I'm
struggling right now this is delicious
but the struggle is real I cannot do my
business my work my passion my love I
cannot do this a blog like you wouldn't
know this upstairs and what does he have
oh my god bro what is that never seen a
gainesville like that no what did you
say when you order strawberry banana
bowl see I've never gotten one of these
isn't that the typical get it I know
that's pineapple it's pineapple bro I
said strawberry banana
yeah well it's is pineapple what did not
give me the right order clearly cuz
there's pineapple on it and I'll say it
again I got a banana hit for you you got
a banana I remember Nana pineapple I
don't think me I think it's her there's
no such thing as a strawberry pineapple
welcome they made it for you they made
they made it for you because you're a
dwarf and they love you yeah no yeah
what we got no videographer buddy I need
help no I need someone to shoot my
videos I know you're a bird can you
measure shoot them what bird okay two
two is the number of hours that have
passed since I first started whining
about not finding videographer zero the
number of videographers we still
currently don't have
we are bad hey hey what's the move this
sucks guys today I've never been in this
position well not only with the dwarf of
my back but just but just in general not
being able to find someone to do my work
Silver YouTube play button low gang for
hitting a hundred thousand subscribers
on this channel go ahead I need you to
hit it and just hopefully if it goes
right through the back of me and kills
me I was hoping this day would come
two three only doing I'm uh I'm cutting
out the inside of this pineapple so we
aren't dealing whether they could today
let's say looks like you're cutting a
asshole I'm cutting through the
pineapple oh I'm gonna tear you a new
asshole you want to i'm already saw yeah
talk to me bro oh yes i will see you
soon
what does that mean for the pineapple I
don't have the pineapple I was really
waiting for that let's do it if you want
done I will see you later bro
so now that I have to kill I'm gonna eat
some trail mix but as you guys know I'm
on that health light so I'm currently
separating the chocolate and the M&Ms
from the raisins and the peanuts also
what are you doing
do you want some here's slowly coming
together there's one piece of the puzzle
that we have not acquired yeah so we
have Evan we have me we have a
videographer and we have Amanda Cerny
why am i only two fingers I made like
five the last piece of the puzzle is a
dwarf girl
it'll be Evans girlfriend in the sketch
bro I got you a sexy dwarf if she says
she's not available we're Foster's again
we are back to being here hi Neville
yeah we're gonna have to get that
pineapple in the trash yeah I'm thinking
maybe we bring this out just in case
we're still screwed dwarf girl her name
is Christine Christine come through 12
seconds later yeah yeah what's up okay
cool I'll come by yeah
it's plastic don't worry is it plastic
Abbi cigarettes now
give me your lighting you might find
account jeez
honestly bro pull the trigger pull the
trip your book and yo someone is droning
someone is droning right outside of our
house
who is droning right now yo no way
someone is drowning this is amazing this
says low gang on it I think it's that
kid it is that kid yo what up dude
yo this is amazing always flying this
drone around hero logging on this is
amazing I'm not gonna lie to you bro
I've waited for this day to come
like someone summit summit yeah
something to shoot a drone outside of
our window and like film us naked
hey here yo you save the day
good-looking hunk of a man - whatever I
can do to help you know let's shoot some
I want him to attack you for the vlog
there's a good vlog content get as close
as you can get you got it
no you're fine look look y'all are
bonding
yo never kid Oh where's he going he's
going around wrong why is he walking
around like a human being I was so weird
what are you doing Varick you have links
you know he just creeped back there so
he's like you're like Kevin he wants to
mess you up bro look my boy first off
your sexy is full
this is heck you know I got good news
cuz this day is slowly but surely
turning up between Cash's
and then we got these shirts pay
matching shirts here's your yeah and
then this one is mine so we're gonna put
these on and then just be sexy dwarf
dwarf twin dwarves
yeah it's pretty good I have bad news
what I I forgot
do you have gray gray God do you have
grey grey shirt do you have a grey shirt
yeah but it's a shirt for me and your
shirts they're really tight
yeah no Pikachu's right just wait for
her to get here yeah we're waiting on
Christine I don't know Dean if you're
watching this vlog I'm so sorry hey guys
I got it me Christine hey do you have
that gray
that's a hard gray that's uh I'm
thinking we start a band and we call it
hard gray are you guys down that's a
terrible joke I'm so happy that the day
is finally turning out I don't I don't
think we need this pineapple anymore huh
go ahead and toss it bro oh yeah one
more smash eyes I'm waiting for Amanda
right now and you guys remember this
like fireball shooter thing that I have
I'm gonna try to scare her I'm gonna
shoot fire out of my wrist like me or
her not at her hopefully I don't hit her
in the face like I did Marc but yeah
this should be good
yes these guys are gonna match Evan and
I are gonna match it's gonna be the
sexiest couples ever
let's go cuz hey there I switch to the
iPhone cuz I forgot my camera upstairs
way to go Logan this is the last shot we
are racing the Sun yo y'all looking good
my shoulders how you guys feel after
that good you get heavy bro my man gets
heavy goodbye Amanda I love you
that's my girl goodbye I'm gonna miss
you and your lift on my lips hey yo so I
just walked Kristine down I forgot to
say goodbye I forgot to say goodbye busy
busy
well he did he's staring at us it's what
he's looking right at it
Christine though if you watch this vlog
for her stuff thanks like it subscribe
second off thank you for filming today
I'm not forgetting to say goodbye to
Cash's yo P so me today what ha hey who
do we get today hey he's learned he's
like you have the biggest ass I've ever
seen in my life
yo so the day did get started slow as
you know we had some issues but like I
said it's slowly turning out we are
actually throwing a surprise birthday
party for my little brother Jay homies
turning 20 in his birthdays in three
days so we're gonna surprise him a
little bit make it a thing hit him
across the face probably actually just
me doing that the point is we're going
bro it's a party it's a surprise and
it's gonna be over here heyo inside
you're looking good except this pimp
over here oh my god is a mountain your
acne sucks bro who told me during my
vlog it was King bad just fine anyways
as I was saying that free party meal
healthy as you can see I got some good
grains I got hopefully a hot chicken I
got me because I'm not healthy and we're
talking skin look at my phone yeah my
roommate was so kind enough to launch a
flamethrower out of his wrist and look
at this burn just yo I see what you're
trying to do Logan huh and I don't steal
food I'm not trying to do anything
chill putting up a problem you do I love
your fire brother shirt is the main
problem
oh oh
beat his ass seven meters everday Evan
and I are matching we are looking
sexiest yo yo what up guys we are about
to go to Jake's surprise yo yo yo no no
no no no surprise party you cannot post
that I don't know that I don't want they
teach you in Austria bro but they don't
they don't do that all right we are
outside to exasperate Monday yo what's
up yo yo
is Jake here no no yeah okay good so we
still time to surprise him haven't you
ready bro
by the way I think we are the sexiest
dressed people here found a pair of
twins boom whoa were matter twins go go
we're torch what does my brother have in
his house why dude we need one of these
for our house mark can we boardies in
our house apparently someone put Alyssa
in charge to tell everyone to be quiet I
feel like it's such a bad idea
why why why would so were you in charge
she's checking up on every second
that's what it takes
know how ready you for this Oh Johannes
is going in that should I point the
camera and at us and just reaction
something good
well way
your cuz you're a clever kid whoa-ho did
you see a cop oh yeah
xx throw
we can see we're way
or let's run away ya know where we are
going to let's go far today and it's all
gonna be wonderful
Oh
ah
find us in the future something in your
nature these are facts this is my
brother we love looking we love you all
so today's notifications shout-out goes
to that idea from me
I'm Michael at I watched your vlogs and
I was like yo this is a connection we're
more than willing to facts facts facts I
don't like when people are like yo J
Polar's or better than local blogging
like a little bit better than J callers
know it's all one we're all the same to
you guys for all the safety mandals is
called on loans no Jake baller shit ball
or something down I love you guys I will
see you tomorrow check it easy
I did not dad at the same time take it
easy
peace peace
Oh
