put my special guest is here hey come
here bro daddy what bro yo so uh well hi
how are you I am about to start the day
right with a little gym workout but let
me tell you something this healthy
lifestyle of mainly just the diet is
killing me bro it's hard man just
because not eating as much I don't have
as much energy this happened last night
it's like 2:00 a.m. right now I'm so
hungry bro I'm so hungry ah the old
Logan would have went upstairs right now
needing just a big ol bowl of cereal or
waffles but new logan new healthy
lifestyle Logan not gonna do it I better
promised you guys I'm not gonna do it
but no I'm struggling like before I turn
the camera on I was like I knew this was
gonna happen I know this was gonna
happen guys the way I see it this is
like withdrawal draw with the withdrawal
withdrawal wall with draw withdrawal but
you know when drug people do a lot of
drugs and then they don't do the drugs
and they like sweat and shake and stuff
and it's we they go through withdrawal
ah yeah that's me I think right now like
I've eaten so much unhealthy food and
that's like for the past like a year
just constantly eating unhealthy carb
loading and all of a sudden not doing
that these first seven days are gonna be
a bitch oh god I'm going back to sleep
future Logan you got it thank you past
hungry Logan I will take it from here
good news is I woke up and I got an
apple this Apple is my saving grace
right now hit some energy gonna go to
the gym gonna run around Hollywood get
some errands done and then I have one of
my best friends coming tonight you guys
probably already know who it is he's one
of my best friends one of my best
friends and so it's gonna get a real
turn real lit tonight but for now
go get swole today is like day for me
because if I'm going to qualify for the
2020 Olympics I'm gonna need some strong
big ol thunder thighs actually you know
what I think the Apple was a good idea
because clearly I'm feeling it right now
this is where we fight
whoo okay I got some good news bad news
and more good news oh okay the good news
is that um I finished my workout bad
news I feel like ass bro like I'm hungry
I'm out of energy but the other good
news is I'm getting used to that like
I'm getting used to working out on an
empty stomach and like low energy like I
said I think I'm going through some sort
of like carve withdraw withdrawal so I
just gotta push through these these
first round like I said seven days
probably and it's gonna be hard but
we're gonna do it if you're struggling
doing your new year's resolution
whatever it is just know I'm struggling
with you okay on that note let's go
upstairs get showered cleaned off and
you're ready to kick the day's ass
hey I'm actually in the same spot that
it was I forgot I want to go say hi to
Johannes and tell him about my struggles
see if he has any advice hey buddy
Oh yo what are you making vegan games
bro game it was good but I'm not gonna
lie bro I'm struggling and I need your
advice okay here we go
I'm just out of energy like it's hard
for me to work out just cuz I had no
energy and I like what did you today not
a lot of carbs I feel like I'm going
through withdrawal is that possible like
I I'm gonna struggle yeah yeah yeah the
thing is you need carbs because carbs
energy right good okay though um like a
chicken breast won't work no no look Oh
what my man is right so listen okay
people think rice equals fat right yeah
okay rice your harness abs got it okay
so jumping ahead in time a little bit I
just got out of a meeting and I'm eating
now I got an omelet but I forgot to ask
for no cheese I can't be doing the dairy
I can't
doing it you're the chosen walk it's the
little things like these that I have to
I have to remember now I cannot forget
that come on so I'm going to the camera
store right now to pick up some stuff
for my trip to Paris tomorrow mainly
just a couple of tripods no big deal and
then gonna grab a quick pair of running
shoes you got sting shape bro then back
home gonna get a quick haircut and then
my friend arrives and he's on me I
downed the omelet I did eat the cheese
part of me hates myself part of me says
I was in a desperate situation that was
sad to do and just saw this and not join
them okay tripod tripod there we go oh
my God look at all these chopper
this one is the bueno because of the
compact size Lou cuz I have blue eyes
they're like kinda blue they're like a
hazel issue I don't know I'm getting
blue boom okay I got the blue now on to
the
sneaker store okay I am here so many
beautiful shoes but I'm gonna make this
quick because I have hairs that need
cutting so let's do this move rock these
sexy puppies for an optimum running
experience hi time to go get my hair cut
okay I'm here with my boy Nico you gonna
make me look sexy yo did I tell you why
we're getting my hair cut
we go what's going on I'm going to Paris
tomorrow to be on France's first ever
Saturday Night Live no way that is
amazing d we wanted a sexy outfit and
everything so all we need is a nice
little trim and then we remember that
show Ned's Declassified don't look at
coconut head okay no I see okay we're
back at the crib oh not so much looking
like coconut head anymore but my special
guest is here hey come here bro
daddy what bro oh yeah yo you guys have
seen the videos we made together my man
and I only make heat only only we also
have my boy Mac back from Hawaii
hey don't know who that girl is done
under that guy is but we got spice
yo you do you know what we're doing
tomorrow and are you excited do they
know what we're doing - I don't think
they know demonstrate show them what
we're doing so I told you guys we were
going to Paris tomorrow Evan and I are
going to Paris we are going to put him
in the luggage the suitcase and try to
ship him there as if he was luggage it's
cheaper it's cheaper it's economical or
saving money
yo how do you feel are you nervous no no
see this is why I love Evan he's just
he's just a little nervous about risking
his life for a youtube video but my boys
gonna do it my boys gonna do it
BACtrack risking my life I mean I think
I don't know is is there any like real
risk does anyone has anyone seen you
guys for sure why why why do you why why
why if it's like they're not gonna do it
that is it for today's vlog I will see
you tomorrow subscribe if you're not
subscribed you do not want to miss this
and also turn my post notifications on
so you can be one of the first to see
this savagery I think you hit the bell
will you ring the bell next to the
subscribe button right there you kind of
here subscribe and then you ring the
bell
Thank You Shia Mama's here we will see
you tomorrow peace
as you bid
