scale of 1/2 we did did you guys have to
find a wallet in here yes I said good
morning it is what time is it 4:14 p.m.
actually you know what no today is not
my fault I had some editing and some
uploading problems with the vlog been
editing all morning well their days
almost over man the Sun is setting I
still have a showers looking like a hobo
I know it sucks so in yesterday's vlog I
complained about I'll just hit my dick
I'm not gonna lie oh god Oh suck it up
ok fine yesterday's vlog whined about
YouTube not letting you guys know when I
post like they had a glitch in the
system where if I post you wouldn't be
notified in your subscription box well
apparently they fix it like today so the
video I uploaded today about me like the
whole videos of me whining about it they
fix it not the best timing in the world
will not be notified when I post videos
like this it sucks it's like what am I
supposed to do today the day's almost
over I think it comes back to the mantra
did the old adage that this vlog life is
no joke and when it comes to most people
I mean they wouldn't know this vlog like
ah so now I like I'm so bored and trying
to just buy time I can't I can't stop I
can't not vlog for a day cuz our
hundredth vlog is coming up on Tuesday
which by the way I got something good
well it's cool for me but I'm excited yo
you guys shooting something in the gym
that'd be a shame if someone would have
ruin it with their loud grunts are you
poking it out George yoke yo G can you
tor oh snap
Cowboys going in my boy can't work yo
that's amazing
can you twerk do it yo you can't work
yeah yo dick it's work yo I was worried
about having a good vlog today but this
is lit dude oh I appreciate you Thank
You Ashley
not so much you Georgia fell fucking
activity in this gent a will go
unblocked because I need content if
anyone wants to strip get naked pull the
tooth out anything that would be
phenomenal man look at this machine
that's amazing I've never seen anything
like Jesus that's incredible not to be a
pervert on your blog this your camera
this is your camera bro I'm about to up
my vlog game and vlog with your camera
what's up are you vlogging right now you
vlogging right now I'm gonna need you
touch this is how not to workout at the
gym kids some couples refuse to separate
no matter what even in the gym and I
respect that about the their workout and
this is my secret I tell everyone listen
closely when you're flexible you're sexy
but I'm not very flexible I'm a man you
know what this means you're not sexy
girl that is why you're a virgin bro you
got to start stretching how you expect
to get a girl like actually can't fit if
you're not flexible that's what it is
man they call it stretching but really
it should be called sexing who is this
who's this I don't share was it who is
that who is it come on just show me a
little bit shows me girls on Instagram
he covers their names are well because I
see what you do to mark for child throw
on me yo if there's a girl that mark is
not worthy of will go ahead and take the
rain is not worthy you just don't give
them a chance to fight it's guys were
they broke man has herpes right now oh
I'm just kidding I made this joke in
yesterday's vlog I'm a it's a joke it's
a joke I made this joke in yesterday's
vlog everyone's tweeting and everyone's
tweeting Marlo you got herpes and now
they're just gonna keep tweeting yo I
got a I can't whoa
I need content George I'm sorry video
I'm done procrastinate time to work
what are you doing he's wet why so wet
that's what happens when you work hard
George also why you still here why have
you been shooting as long as I've been
working out you don't know this content
life I do Ashley can you twerk again
thanks me I appreciate that Ashley
you're a gold mine for content my gosh
she is indeed Ashley Kay fit you could
learn something from her G I could carry
you right now I don't think you could
the savage session is complete and I
don't think I've ever looked at this
good in my life yo it's dope that you
live in my building and not only in my
building but your house is just it's so
close to the gym is it so convenient for
me when your boy is just craving some
protein to put in a system I'm just
gonna come and steal it from you you
have a protein place yes oh yo that's
the games cabinet son okay
loser has to deep throat this lightsaber
oh my god that's amazing
David Blaine over here hi G yo I'll
catch you for pizza later
okay back at the crib oh I need a shower
and get cleaned off because for me the
day's just started aka stuff is going
down tonight
and you're coming with me surprised yeah
too bad you're coming so I'm trying to
get that content doc I'm trying to get
that golden content in other news while
I was editing today I managed to down
all four of these 1.5 liter bottles of
water and then two over here while I was
working out 6 1.5 litres of water and it
is 7 p.m. that is 9 liters total which
is 2 point 3 gallons no I'm not a
mathematician I literally just googled a
point 3 gallons of water son the day is
not even over son I drink 3 gallons of
water a day that is a fun fact about me
you may not know yo do you Mark you Mark
I was doing my laundry it was ready to
go and Mark took it out and just threw
it in my hamper sitting in the wash
machine for two days if you mark it
smelled like wet clothes mark I was
gonna do it and by the way I put that in
this morning in case I don't know what
you're trying to do this is my vlog I
can edit that part out if I wanted to
trying to impress people you have herpes
bro no I don't why is everybody tweeting
me I have herpes I don't know do you
know you can say I'll put the volcano
doc I don't have herpes I don't have any
STDs
man to man vlog camera off bro not even
gonna make it in the vlog yeah it's not
gonna make it in the vlog it's like I'm
making another log y'all my virgin
you've never had sex yeah no I will put
either block
give me her bitch morph you never have
it so good I know he's being an asshole
we're supposed to be roommates you just
throwing my clothes in the floor so I
showered I got cleaned off and I just
want to say that was a very aggressive
past minute or so in the vlog lots of
cussing yelling you know aggressive
behavior I just want to take this time
to apologize and mend any relationships
that I may have damaged Marc I just want
Stan I'm sorry bro yelling at you and
and make it funny for being a virgin and
also telling the world that you have
herpes which you don't and I know you
don't I'll just I know that's yo I know
that's why I want to take this time to
apologize bro you want to go get some
food yeah I don't think so
Basia poo pants I have a good thattaboy
oh how are they dry yo I'm gonna avoid
being aggressive fuck you punk I don't
know what it is bro my testosterone has
been raging lately it just like ah you
know I'm not some man mark wait rape man
all right one second real quick Rob look
behind you cuz
oh my god yeah doggie chef no no Marc
I'm not talking about the car
Marc goddamn it I'm on the yeah oh yeah
just like that it's so easy to get
aggressive I was about I was about to
but guys I was just playing I saw him
the whole time Marlin is so funny Marc
you've been there he is because of you
and your herpes well I thought your meal
was healthy until I looked at it you
know that big that's a big salad Brian
it's healthy it's all greens listen it's
true it's true it's tall it's just wow
that's huge bro
that's what she said yeah great from the
God himself
I'm not eating so healthy I got a sweet
potato fries not bad thin crust beets
are not that with the chocolate chip
cookie yeah I just I love chocolate chip
cookies though man everywhere we go
everywhere you guys got chocolate chip
alway anyways we're gonna smash and I
have some nice roommate conversations
maybe about her piece and how to heal
them yeah I didn't even say anything bro
I know yo this joke has gotten that hand
I got a chill everybody's gonna think I
have I know I'm so sorry cuz you're a
good kid mark I ever marks a good kid
Man Charlie Brown
yay you're 23 and I'm 21 I think that
songs little out of my generation
Charlie Brown
we'll see you guys in a little bit after
we dinner I'm laughing cuz you know when
life kind of just bends you over and
yeah that's what I just could find out
kind of happen I lost my wallet cuz my
wallet is uh am i a right now that
stands for missing in action so I'm
using my brain right I'm retracing my
steps last time I had it was when I went
to go see Star Wars last night which by
the way sucks spoiler alert the movie
sucks not one fucking Jedi bro now not
one blue lightsaber in the movie cuz
that's not no that's not Star Wars your
boy needs his Jannah
anyways George and I took these
lightsabers to the movie itself oh and
then we did this with them afterwards
this is footage for my snapchat glasses
now I'm no Jedi in real life oh just
kidding wait maybe I am no I'm not I
wish I was what I think I may have liked
it maybe it like fell out of my pocket
when I was like jumping around and stuff
which would suck because that means it's
on the street I might be in the movie
theater I don't know the point is I have
to find it so I'm gonna go and try and
do that right now so I'm retracing my
steps on my hoverboard I brought my
lightsaber in case I need to beat some
ass also this hoodie kind of makes me
look like a Jedi oh my gosh it's been
like years since I've played with
lightsabers but I quickly reminded me
why Star Wars is like a billion-dollar
franchise he seems are fun dudes like
they're addicted anyways where is my
wallet have you seen it dammit have you
guys seen it
good toss scale of 1 - we did did you
guys have to find a wallet in here Oh
okay thank you for your time
okay on to location number two no no how
do I find out if you guys found a wallet
here boys smiling at me I think I lost
my wallet here yesterday unfortunate
little gangs gonna come get you you know
she is going to look for it right now
I'm hoping dude losing your wallet sucks
no way no way I was kind of thinking
though there was no chance you saved my
life because I was about to go full
lightsaber oh my gosh Alexa you're my
hero
yo yo shameless promotion always how
many times when you lose your wallet do
actually end up finding it the answer is
zero like I've done it and everything
every single time i retrace my steps I
never find it but today the force was
with me kids guys yo I found it we're at
the ArcLight
I don't know where's my teeth why acting
like you're my mom what do you know I
told you to go back to our Clegg and
check see being hyper contract works
that's always afraid of like germs and
stuff and it makes no sense George
you're saying weird things that I
brought you're making me nervous about
our friendship smell it cuz smelly miles
like a found wallet smells like a
Christmas miracle now although today was
somewhat uneventful this dude this makes
my day okay one last thing before I sign
off for the day
mmm-hmm okay this is all the water I've
drank today we have seven bottle that's
10.5 liters of water how many gallons is
10.5 liters that would be two point
seven seven gallons two point seven
gallons of water today and it's not even
over dude it's 11:30 for the vlogs
ending but I still
a couple hours in me I may hit that
three gallons on my head yo thank you
for watching the vlog today guys I love
you I will see you tomorrow give this
video a big old thumbs up even though
not much went down today we low gang so
that's what we do take it easy guys see
you Tom skis push
a qubit
I had to do that I still can't believe I
found my wallet that's incredible
