I'm pretty sure oh my god uh yo if you
can't tell my face is falling my eyes
feel like they're still glued shut but
it's okay I'm I'm waking up slowly but
surely cannot be the only one that takes
like three hours to wake up this is good
like I just I feel like my face is which
is slightly an issue because I have a
really really really big meeting in like
an hour it's okay it's okay I think
there's nothing the Gainesville can't
fit except herpes simplex B it cannot
fix that I would know my roommate
marketer had a bad case back in college
that's a joke please do not go tweeting
a mark you know you got her anyway
speaking of slight problems there's
another problem happening I'm not cool
with though let's talk to YouTube let's
talk about YouTube to YouTube yeah
why when I post a video are you not
posting it in my subscribers feed
yeah guys apparently this is a thing and
I've noticed because my views would be
going down down down to the ground yes
why why I'm posting the best videos I
posted on this channel yes that Star
Wars paintball video yo that's a
masterpiece son that's not a vlog son
that's a movie
I got 1.4 million low gangsters that are
waiting to see some cuts and YouTube
you're not helping me deliver man and I
gotta deliver me I got it deliver man
anyway I'm just kind of talking to this
camera I'm slowly waking up which is a
good thing still trying to find a winner
for this stormtroopers helmet used in
the paintball video and yeah to my point
now where's my boy there is maverick
don't run away
what I love you ever what'd you think of
this oh he doesn't like that I got to
pick a winner for this maverick
Kenny Hamish what no you can't win cuz
you're just a parrot and it won't fit
your head so I walked outside and I
forgot that a train last night which is
sort of a big deal in LA so much so that
they put caution cuidado signs down
caution cuidado cuidado cuidado cuidado
yeah dude this is a weird sight for me
like I never see puddles in Los Angeles
yo I forgot this street like right
outside where I live is like super
slippery when it's wet I could do like
some slip and slide texture right now
you don't know if this is gonna work
let's give it a shot
oh I can't believe that work you know
what I forgot I forgot to lint roll my
t-shirt I need a lint roller ASAP going
back up yeah see look at this dusty ash
I can't be half of this dusty a shirt no
Wayne wish I had someone to do this for
me like look how my like Peck bounces
with it like I don't like that it makes
me uncomfortable because what does it
even come from okay rolling ready to go
let's get out of here
knowing I have a tendency to be late I
was smart today I set aside like 20
minutes just for that reason I'm talking
about those emergency lint rolling
sessions awesome here Anastacio informs
me that they got extra games what is it
it's really called bills I could put
build in the game to go one on the list
the bill the creatine glutamine tribulus
BCA mucuna can't pronounce half that
stuff except mucuna I like that
mccoullough matata hakuna a little too
much games for Logan right now at this
point in my life here we go whoa what's
up so on my way to this meeting in the
vlog life is in full effect I got my
breakfast I got my iPad uploading
yesterday's vlog and I'm dabbing oh
that's okay I'm sorry I'm sorry
also before I get into this let me just
point it look how beautiful this is this
is a real life just can't be real like a
look at this man this is amazing back to
the brim Jesus Logan you have an option
get a wife and fall in love for the rest
of your life or gains balls every day
I choose games bulls hands down joking
okay I think I'm slowly waking up I'm
here in Beverly Hills guys I'm gonna do
my meeting then come back here cool
transition I think so check it out they
got caution signs here - cuidado cuidado
cuidado heavyweight slay the dude and
because they had such good energy you
did just brought me I woke me up vibe we
talked about movies and acting I showed
them the teaser for my movie airplane
mom's like yo I'm doing this I
to see this well I'm like yeah bro so uh
it's a good day good start to the day so
far hi what do we do now it's time to go
back home so let's do that hey we're
here back at the crib oh and guess who
else is here hey y'all I'm giving that
away you could win all you got to do is
comment low game for life hashtag
hashtag do it do it do it do it do it
there's nothing on your screen cuz no
I'm coming yo what are you doing today
what's the move what's the plan yeah
yeah I don't know
to be honest with you I don't know
what's happening the rest I know I'm
falling right now Oh God yo while you're
over that way can you get the trash yo
mark mark you know you son of a bitch I
mean I did but that's not what I meant
coming from the man who hates messes
mark you're changing I don't know
I'm surprised you did that bro this vlog
life is changing you mark the more and
more you come to know this vlog life
you're changing I like new mark anyways
was it oh yeah
burrito about a burrito earlier bro I'm
freaking hide yo cuz so let's go so
today's a late day at the gym and I'm
gonna use this as my LM the Gainesville
as my food to just feel to pump the
blood into my legs
mm-hmm mmhmm yeah confirmed the blood is
indeed pumping hopefully none of the
blood gets um rerouted to my penis and
not that note I got this new the new
macbook yo it's dope it's got a big
tracking pad it's got this touch bar
right here check this out look watch if
I'm on messages I can go here and do
emoji oh yes it's cool Apple nice job
you've done it again kind of because I
have one complaint yeah they they took
away the charging cables the USB ports
and the HDMI port meaning they switched
the old charging port so old laptop
cables like this one for my old laptop
nope those don't work anymore you have
to get the new one USB ports gone so
these little things right here no you
cannot plug them into this computer that
sucks
so also what I have to upload my footage
every
I do it with a memory card okay so old
computer easy check this out
boom done uploads okay dope let's see
what the new MacBook has to offer okay
let's go ahead and just put it in wait a
second I got Apple you tell me what I'm
trying to calculate this out here you're
telling me doesn't you remove the huh
no problem three L's taken so far no big
deal Apple okay
I want I want to plug into USB I want to
plug in a memory card okay how do I do
this
boom oh there must be some sort of
adapter right uh it probably comes with
the computer right probably not yeah no
it doesn't haha
way to go Apple change everything and
not include the thing to fix it don't ah
that's okay though I use my brain and I
bought two of them son let's go ahead
and plug in this boom there we go Oh
might as well plug in the second okay
that doesn't look dumb at all yeah my
computer looks dope totally worth it for
the extra slimness good thing I have
those extra five millimeters anyways now
I if I want to plug in the USB watch the
tank here we go and mind you like I'm
two handing this this is the most
difficult thing ever to plug in the USB
and done done okay awesome now what
about my memory card now all I got to do
is plug my memory card into this USB
here we go okay cool
now I'm off to the race so this kind of
sucks this is a little bit of a boost oh
good news guys I did buy the iPhone 7
check this out so dope and they uh they
took away the headphone jack yeah so you
have to use this cable the charging
cable to listen to music okay you're
being innovative I respect it cool so
when I go to listen to music using these
headphones on the new MacBook both the
newest pieces of technology this this
plug will be in this laptop right no no
no they they did not put one of these in
here don't listening to music for you
you have to go back to the regular
circular auxilary cord for that awesome
and why am I always screaming at Apple
last time they took away my emoji I had
to make a video about it me Apple defend
me all right yeah boom yo this is
convenient said no one up and
I'm not gonna lie guys this is like a
typical day in the life of the vlog like
you need a memory card you need a hard
drive you have had to phones to edit
this assuming I was uploading to get
past their internet and then obviously
charging the computer like Apple what
the are you do is pisses me off man I'm
so sorry
not guys that's not the one I'm giving
away by the way that one is over here
and I'm not gonna touch this ones to a
value bunch just excuse me one second
I'm getting heated if you can't tell
here and also my shirts a little fluffy
still the roller cuz unnecessary that's
unnecessary and also how are you marking
my dick do you see this setup right here
Dawg that's what I'm saying what why
does Apple think this is a good idea
but yo what is going on well why do you
have all these things around your neck
well you didn't hear about Atmos new bro
it's got four HDMI USB three is that
super sick super convenient shots the
Apple for coming up with something as
genius is this yeah you've done it again
okay I am done ranting thank you guys
for listening to me actually no no no no
you know why is YouTube not letting you
guys know when I post the video that's a
bull that's bull not putting my my new
videos in there subscribe your boxes
come on cut look at me out here in these
streets cuz where's the liberal or Sun
look at this come on cuz we do - what
are you doing I'm not to add you to the
hit list bro no I'm done ranting now you
know actually don't step to mark okay
now I'm done ranting I think this is the
most times I've ever cussed in a vlog
I'm so sorry mom dad everyone who little
cousins everybody I'm sorry so that was
all kind of a bit
I'm sorry I do have something in the
form of positive though right here yo EZ
bar so a fan from Korea sent me this box
of goodies and stuff by the way before I
start reading this note look at this
girl's hand or assuming it's a girl
the handwriting bro straight Comic Sans
like Times New Roman Justin I applaud
this girl medication she did this how to
prepare everything yeah Dawg just
translate oh there's something in here
for you oh oh right here this is remark
see it steams mark loves coffee some of
my foreign friends say that Korea's
instant coffee is great hope you like it
you like it mark I got I got the
straight directions bro
acne patches dude bro they got acne
patches mark this is the one I want to
send you most why hey yo what don't come
on man my acne is not like horrible
right now I'm pretty sure living here oh
my gosh do you see that pimple I'm sorry
okay okay as long as you're sorry yeah
you know yeah again k packing this bags
into Korea we can take off yo this is
actually Bob it says smash right in
Korea hope you want to smash it does I
hope you want to smash it real quick
come on what are you doing in here oh
yeah freakin dome anyways I'm gonna read
the note who is this from hi Logan
I'm a young my English name is eliana
well alright look Eliana wrote a lot
here guys Eliana I'm going to read this
this is absolutely amazing and thank you
she says one day one of my goals is to
be your interpreter when you come to
Korea as a huge movie star it would be
amazing Ilyana one day one day you will
because obviously you are incredible
thank you again now we have milk I am
going to smash these uh real cereal here
we go
hopefully it's delicious
I'm moving to Korea oh my god amazing
bril talk I should not be eating this
right now leg day is later and I have so
much food in my stomach my rule for rule
rule why don't I say that weird my rule
rule I probably my arse when I was
younger rule my rule for eating is so
when I eat so much food I feel like I
could be paralyzed I have to stand up
for at least like at least 30 minutes
ideally an hour though so I'm just
roaming around on this hoverboard spread
these good vibes out here wait for these
mines are about to be really good good
vibes good vibes good vibe it is
nighttime some time is past y'all I
don't think I've left the house today oh
I know I did this morning I mark what
are you doing I'm cooking up some
chicken boo yo you're an adult signee
females who are looking for a nice
blonde boy mark mark is perfect I'm
gonna put application in the description
box below all you need to do to qualify
is like and subscribe they just want to
see how good I am with my hands wait for
it wait for it okay like you guys I know
I already ate like I'm so full my
stomach hurts and I hate myself but take
a quick little power nap I'm gonna
time-lapse it because and when my mouth
drops I noticed that's when I like kind
of fall asleep it's usually around like
12 minutes in and then I'm gonna hit the
gym Sun I know just take a nap and then
go straight to the gym Albert Einstein
would hold this spoon and when he
dropped the spoon it would wake him up
and it's like a 15 minute power nap in
fact then you wake up right in your
finest sleep yeah but just replenishes
your body like just quick a little quick
a little power nap
bueno
the timer just went off because my boy
woke me up just in time that's my boy
you actually sweet and replayed as
you're swinging what did we learn dog
don't get too close to in your skin you
try to scare me don't cuz I'm gonna
knock you the out that is it for
today's vlog watching I love you yo love
careful like y'all
yeah bruh George just noticed these yeah
bro dog do you know what those are no
what you're holding in your hand that's
what I'm saying dog it's in Korea you
Donna move there with me I'm already
going I booked my tickets number let's
go well you enjoy that I'm gonna say
goodbye again well I already said it hey
thanks for watching guys I will see you
tomorrow
that's you bitch at least we can agree
places you were swinging I can't do it
now we gotta do that
