I'm not gonna lie I uh I set the camera
up I ran there and I ran back super big
waste-to-energy but good for the vlog
wake up easy dawg easy
they either low gang and get your shit
oh he barked because he doesn't support
child abuse and when you hit me he knew
you're not a child anymore I can do that
yo I woke up in Ohio you know how I was
different than a lie instead of seeing
Hollywood Boulevard I just see would so
many woods look at all these woods so
many trees Wow
oh don't stop - now my dad's arm he's my
dad and I love him so you gotta stop
okay imma start by putting on the USA
hat I got you just own it got me Donna
you should turn off the film cuz there's
about to be some more abuse okay I put
it down dancehall oh wow wow you should
be eating donuts though bad for your
carbs in your system oh you want a
little bit more you don't well this is
crazy
that's one gentle dog despite his
obnoxious barking that's my ferocious
rescue pit bull was the room that I grew
up in so let's go
okay we're here for 18 years of my life
I want you to notice the the cars in
traffic and plain blanket yeah why did
you not change my blanket when I was a
senior in high school too like a not kid
blanket I tried you I actually threw it
out and pulled on garbage you you're
crying like a little baby I did I think
you're making that up
that's totally true please no please
don't find me also a football you should
be a big part of my life I got this is
this fat head of myself a cocky huh
whatever I got this cuff I had a Donovan
McNabb he used to be my favorite what
did you do to the helmet dad I think I
did not just quit Blake me stuff on me
oh damn it this story is all making
sense now this was a little Logan sixth
grade Wow oh my gosh
dude I was such a charge oh my God look
at me there with that part of my hair
and this this is the trophy wall man is
that what all these trophies academic
all Ohio football I was a little bit of
a nerd 475 GPA a dead stop you got the
smarts from me that's stop stop bragging
for me that's a good trophies here for
football or wrestling blah blah blah oh
oh and my dad made me first out both of
these trophy cases but this one if you
notice is shaped like the state of Ohio
which is the state Lauren you're quite
the handyman huh looks good though here
was the closet that I grew up in my room
obviously so for the longest time I
thought someone was living up there
someone not in the family though like I
thought a kidnapper lived up there man I
was scared for my life every night okay
so across the hall here we have my
brother Jake's room so could you see how
he has less trophies than I do
that's pretty much all you need to see
one more thing show you guys this is my
dad's done you do your work here right
yes that's right that's correct my
animals animals we gotta have my boy got
pickaxes let's take it I got from
you rescue the guy in the mountain
you're here oh yeah more animals animals
we got fishing line fishing line and
then this this fish right here not this
one so this fish right here is that it's
a walleye I caught it in Ohio State Ohio
state of Ohio fish with official hiya
fish which means uh it's so big they
give you an award never snake what is
the story with this you had a like 11
foot long pet snake or something like
that oh my god and he died of pneumonia
why well you're gonna make a pair of
boots out of your pet snake yeah oh
that's cool
no I got a weird dad I'm gonna grow up
to be just like you except I'm gonna
have hair instead of having to wear a
hat that fakes your hair I'm still a
good as a fact trail sign cool what is
it what is that shotgun yo everyone that
watches this vlog is gonna know exactly
where you keep your shotgun man
household man like my dad raised me with
the roots of a man let's just ignore
that I know the way did not help you
seeing it but so that hurts like average
let's go try this okay here we are in my
front yard as I told you in yesterday's
vlog we have like a super long driveway
like our yard is just crazy like I told
you like a man's man yard bike that my
dad mounted on this tree I'm not really
sure what he was trying to do here but
it's done also over here you'll notice
he set up security cameras on the tree
now knowing my dad I'm gonna call the
Bulls on that but I bet I bet those are
fake homeboy doesn't know how to use an
iPhone there's no wait no wait he knows
how to use security cameras okay
it's chalk okay so the great thing about
Ohio is that there's no one here but I
can jog in the middle of the road if I
want to in LA you cannot do this oh man
this feels good yeah this is dope hard
cut I get hit by a car and my career
here we go ex vine star dies running in
the streets of Ohio sorry the jog is
picking up ran out of breath this is the
park we used to play when we were
younger huh not here at the jock one
mile in to get there it's nice because
we always do that if we ran here all the
way to the end and back to the house it
was two miles hey Kay the purposes for
warmup
yes this was the spot where dick and I
would come when we were younger cause
trouble so I actually have a cool story
about this pond right
during my early days in vine I would
always jump into ice cuz we had that in
Ohio it's freezing here one of my vines
I jumped off of this into this pond as
it was like covered with ice was not one
of the smartest things I could have done
probably pretty dumb actually check it
out here's the vine that was stupid of
me alright let's go okay we made a home
one quick thing by the way if I'm
talking loud music playing so I can't my
dad invited a family friend over cuz his
daughter's wanting to meet me fellas got
some cojones interrupting my work out
but I just cannot say item Riley amazing
I met her before when she was like way
down so what's up I want a hug I mean
I'm sweaty but like yeah she's like I
kind of want a hug let's let's take some
pics and get Greg Paul out here hey Greg
well that's weird he's like making me
work out oh you take pictures you guys
never see a machine work out right this
is beast mode nothing Paul going hard
you thought you were coming to see Jake
you can tell the truth
yeah you really yeah so I told these
girls I'm working out if you're gonna
want to talk during the workout you got
to become part of the workout it just
has to have Thomas away
goodbye girls it was good to see you
thank you for helping me work out okay
yeah good sesh pops touch the nuts there
we go yesterday I submitted an
application for a wife and the mother of
my children today's application is if
you want to be my curl bar so down in
the description below I'm going back to
Los Angeles today what I'm going back to
LA surely I have to get showered off I
am going to miss the beautiful state of
Ohio but first I got to get clean so
let's do that
I drop the camera I'll do another finish
noodle
yeah showered cleaned off we are pulling
out of the driveway I have a question
for you these cameras on the trees admit
they're not real admit they're not real
cameras there's no way those transmit
actual security footage no way totally
in the lights are motion sensors wait
wait wait so they're real yeah
no way you don't know this camera I
literally have you on camera saying how
do you start it there's a red button
that says record it doesn't get easier
than this there's no way there's a real
cameras I'm Way more technical than you
think I just do this we're going to out
my mother's house which is not this way
yeah oh god what's the garage code mm
okay I'm gonna take some lucky guess
oh okay
okay I'm just this is shot in the dark
hey I'm average you ready go back to Los
Angeles become a Hollywood bird again
haha I know I know but I'm sorry I know
look I know what you have to go I know
you don't like it but you haven't I'm
sorry but you have to go mad let's go
right here he does not like this at
office come on Mary
he's right in the in the middle of my
back and I'm weird I'm too big to reach
back step up
okay here we go okay that actually was
not that bad you're doing good buddy
here good birdie Hey we are on our way
to the airport I've told you guys I do
not like working out in the morning it
just tires me out like now I'm like I'm
falling asleep we're so out here at this
Airport
I love you
great surprise appreciated I got to bomb
you bombay about that
that's right walk-in logs let's do it
good check the bag check-in a bird check
myself out loads already paid for you
know it's right maverick now we don't
have to sneak you onto planes anymore
how great is that
yo my dad was on me the whole days like
y'all you gotta come to the airport it's
the busiest travel day of the year no
one is here nothin here
why am I here so early choose me I have
this bird oh good that was the easiest
thing ever
you're here oh that's pretty cool huh
I know I know be careful he might he
might bite you if you get too close
sometimes being a bird what thank you
guys for watching we have a fun week
ahead of us kids we got a fun week ahead
of us so be ready be hyped get excited
cuz it's going down I worked out with a
fan in Ohio like literally with a fan
use her as a barbell for some curls blue
to LA and look at what's happening now I
mean come on we're here we're live we're
doing it thank you for watching
thank you guys for watching I'm going to
say okay thank you guys for watching
today's vlog I will see you tomorrow do
not forget to like this blog and if you
are not subscribed through the channel
join the low gang cuz it's lit take it
easy squad I'll see you tomorrow
peace
yeah we gonna drink right now
