yo it's Thanksgiving yeah thanks give me
my family's here we got one cousin
hiding behind this flower thing we got
another cousin right there
we got an uncle right there but I wasn't
made to talk about my boy I'm a victor
bet how you doing look man lost a tooth
last night oh no your daughter lost it
too because the Caroline lost the tooth
last night come in I didn't know this
still happens yeah that's worth 20 price
what is it you three gonna come you
think the tooth fairy's didn't come give
you money wow this is really something
but you may have satified I just caught
you red-handed chewing on my cable hazy
birdies okay here's a little update I
don't know what happened okay so uh
flashback to last night hey guys
mom can you tell these people what time
it is like 425 425 em have I got a bed
yet no no cuz I'm editing the vlog why
am I doing this though can you please a
wife is the one that Ohio Wi-Fi boom
boom okay I love you mom why are you up
because I'm going to Florida to visit
David flash Buddhist Thanksgiving I know
you have to be thankful for those in
your life but you're leaving my life
right now Thanksgiving Yeah right
everything scary yo let me tell you
something kids this vlog like is no joke
no joke and I did not end up going to
bed until 6:51 a.m. and I have not even
gone to bed yet
it's Thanksgiving I'm gonna be freaking
falling asleep on the turkey bro this is
a disaster man let me tell you get
something this vlog life this ain't no
joke bro they say no joke anyways back
to you future Logan thanks fast Logan I
appreciate you but you know what kids I
made this sacrifice hey hey I'm walking
I'm walking please give me what
I made this sacrifice when I started
vlogging I said to myself I look myself
in the mirror in my hat sideways I said
Logan you're gonna sacrifice your
well-being your health and everything
for your fans that's right last night
was a prime example of that like today's
Thanksgiving it's 2 p.m. I just woke up
my family needs me I was about to make
that joke but I was editing last now you
you've Wi-Fi in Ohio but Thanksgiving my
dad's house so I'm gonna go get our
cleaned up blah blah okay cool
transition here we go all right we're on
our way to my dad's house in the sleigh
baby
he gives me rings like your loves we're
all waiting on you oh boy I mean let's
be honest the party don't start until
the ex vine star turns up right right
Thanksgiving has been lit so far it's 3
p.m. I took a shower this bunny we're
gonna show up
we're gonna blow up and we gonna get
what are you laughing at you lost a
tooth get out of my face she on the buck
I made the vlog my dad's brother yeah
the whole squad is here it's Wrath
brother dad's brother
I got a brother yeah oh yeah oh snap yo
wait are you helping us with the
internet yes dog dog
I was up till 7 a.m. editing and trying
to upload you're on the vlog bro what's
up yeah dude I am a big fan I said am I
being an aboard I'm like I got you yo
that's my boy do this crazy so you're
gonna help me to make content for you to
enjoy and watch yeah this is nuts wrong
do you have to Thanksgiving just to come
help you yo yeah why you here
hey I volunteer tonight this is actually
a really cool turnout go go
Oh bro of course I'd be disappointed if
we did do it I'm taking Carrie that's
what I do right now you know dope that's
what I do for you bro that's my dad
happy Thanksgiving you big galoot okay
cool talk to you later
we got the whole squad here do they know
that the heat has arrived yeah you guys
we're not turning up no you went through
puberty you went through puberty hard
and up yeah why all my cousin's going
through puberty yeah fun puberty or sour
leave this is little Evelyn what is this
what is this wait a second this is this
is for Buzard mark my brother's show on
Disney there's not me this kind of
hackers oh you through it that's my girl
that's what I'm talking about yeah yeah
screw Jake Paul yeah no chill no way on
that twenty megabytes per second that's
right see that log dad taking care of
you yo Jake Paul's poster she said she
loves Jake she didn't know who you were
who's better Jake or Logan come in
looking for you but she also what am i
doing I just draw whatever okay okay
okay cool Oh ja ja something
okay I do something I do something y'all
have fun with your game you're drawing
me right now she's so focused you're
drawing a picture as the of me is it of
me or a for me or both I can't see from
me uh it looks like a clown that doesn't
look like me
what are you drawing that looks like a
block man yo easy Oh easy with the hair
yo I got a question for you what do you
want to be when you grow up not an
artist I just come from my heart like
it's time to eat
yeah it's go time oh my gosh wait a
second look at this food I'm gonna put
some intense music and show you guys
what I'm looking at cuz all amazing
Oh yo this smash is so real right now
are you smash smash wait wait a second
what is doing our internet I just gave
him some pecan pie are you sure anything
else yo are you hungry oh I ate before I
came
dunk your hunger you give the word I got
you sweetie pecan pie and homemade wine
where the peaches grow cuz my house is
not much to talk just thought oh dude
things are happening right now ah Evelyn
is drinking wine I think who did that
check up why does she have as much food
on her plate as I do this is interesting
girl that was so good
yo I ate so much food gonna have a food
baby well she's out yo easy easy you
can't take the dog's bed he's gonna eat
you alive he's a beast he's a savage
Evelyn what did you have to show me now
what is this again what is this from my
brother's show on Disney see no you
gotta do it you gotta do a little better
than that yeah that's pretty good
that's pretty good oh whoa
Wow
you
what do you have right now no it looks
it looks creepy I don't like it like a
dog the Vegas got a you a gift I got you
a gift big as yours you got a dog
growling I mean now that's weird Oh tell
me you have not seen your family in this
exact same position after everybody's
just ko to food babies do a good job for
you three for standing I'm impressed
I don't think I could be standing right
now yo you're so beautiful but can you
got my shot because you're ruining
things I'm just gay whoa whoa easy easy
he's easy with the baby if it isn't a
staple of Thanksgiving meal the pumpkin
hi I am so full like I am unhealthily
full but I'm still gonna shove one of
these in my stomach you can't see
because that's what you do what peg
screaming I'm almost done I'm almost
done
I need to take you back to California
you're funny
I could make you faint I'm a next vine
star yo what up bro I'm just vlogging
why you upside down there we go I just
want to say what's up but I have this
little girl here who won't stop talking
about what stop talking about you bro
okay look she's got the poster bro okay
that's enough Jake I think so we're here
we're testing the internet speed my man
you hooked it up bro
yes that's my boy oh yeah bro 20
megabytes per second we're buenas noches
there is okay yeah now that we have you
just said hi again this though we have
good internet speed you want to go
outside and do some dares yes hi mere
little girl we got to do dares what's
taking you so long I've been waiting oh
you brought a notepad who are we gonna
draw you need help okay okay it's stuck
in I got it I got it I got there we go
turn around there I don't know what
we're doing okay we're good super cat
jump stick it up separate things but
then yeah visit I'll be down here you
can't leave me behind like that cuz I
don't have super cat jumps all I have is
white boy chicken leg jump okay no I was
thinking we can get a high enough ladder
and I can do my super jumps and you can
just climb ladders oh don't you think
it'd just be easier to just pick a
different dere maybe
are you going are you going wait what
are you doing yo this girl's I'm just
wrong
they start doing that heroin at a young
age nowadays what do you got for me
oh yeah Leif I don't want any drugs
another one is another one another one
another day another one stop it and
another one what did you just say you
want to jump off a moving car yo your
daughter is crazy she's crazier than I
am
jump off a moving car wait don't I
taking your house I don't do that you
guys are play some football some
semester clothes to know how many touch
me does it fixing room you're still on
about the moving car jump
and that's not a complete sentence
you're missing an article a I am a cat
gee I actually wait us again I could
take advantage of this moment gee you
are L are you sure about that
damn it she's done to me run to me as
fast as you can this is cat lady yeah
you peeing right now please don't be
peeing please tell me where you just pee
and run from the scene okay cool that
was a fun game we played talk to you
later I have this idea maybe maybe you
should walk for me you want to become a
vlogger you could do it all you have to
do is hold the camera and then see this
you point it at your face and then you
just talk now you got a hold the camera
and stop quoting my brother shows you
could that'd be great you have to say
other stuff too here no no I say
something else talk about your dad talk
about the weather your dope but if you
keep mentioning my brother's show I'm
gonna throw you out the window I'm gonna
keep on mentioning things about it is
brother cuz I'm on Logan but I'm brother
so so he can throw me out the window do
you want to know this or does she know
this is so cool your professional
vlogger Wow
yeah you might know this and you're
turning the camera on me no she's a
natural do you see what's happening
she's I'm hands-free and she's turning
the camera around what else do yesterday
here we go guys my angle this little
girls chasing New York
I'm the best dancer so vote Evelyn or
you'll be true
I'm coming pulling the plug you had way
too much wine at dinner
see see give me look like too much wine
impossible
tell them to LIKE and subscribe like and
subscribe
I'm relaxed right now with Evelyn he'll
actually not with us she's like kind of
next to me I don't have a choice don't
let this food digests and we're gonna
measure my biceps we copy your ears I
think I was 16 and you're just no I was
just under right Laura yeah come on baby
come on baby give me at 17-17 is here us
cuz I'm a black Oh cousin McCloskey 2.00
that's my boy
Wow can I have a hug goodbye
one big hug for Jake ball oh there it is
one final hug for Uncle Jake
go back sweetheart all right good hangs
yeah how do I get a little girl myself
like I want it I want a little girl like
that I'm gonna in the description box
below there are any females out there
trying to have a little girl with me I'm
just cook Thanksgiving over is this no
it's just started it just started yeah
oh yeah what do we do bro huge
thanks thanks thanks what do you know
about that 17.5 I do need a little tan
though I think you catch it up to the
rock oh you're doing the rock Johnson my
guy watch yeah hey Dwayne he's coming
for your boy yo what I'm saying seven
eight years for you sexist man on
so when I'm 28 since I'm 21 now but I'm
28 I'll get sexiest man alive is what
you're saying
yeah I'm saying 28 okay okay i'ma go all
right all right Oh No thank you for
watching the vlog today guys Evelyn is
such a cutie man like literally I'm that
note thank you for watching the blog
sorry I'm so full and just content one
thing I think I should address um I had
three wisdom teeth and one of them came
in already this one right here is coming
in so it's really starting to hurt ah
yes sometimes like smiling I think this
look at the end of logs like hey I might
have to get a remove the problem is the
surgery like takes a week I don't know
if I can find a week and blah blah blah
but if I do you can bet your ass that is
gonna be one entertaining vlog I'm gonna
smile like this one no I thank you guys
for watching again I'll see you tomorrow
do not forget to subscribe
oh my god something put me in take it
easy little gangsters peace
no joke no joke and I did not end up
going to bed until this pre-recorded
content don't make sense in the edit
