right this giant Buttercup so today is a
very special day it is currently 7:30 in
the morning which is way too early for
me but I got the day started right with
the workout it's pretty early I didn't
want to wake anyone up so I made sure to
stay quiet anyways here's what is
happening today
ok so currently we are here in Atlanta
right so I have not been able to tell
you guys about this because well it's
secret today I am flying home to Ohio
got my Ohio shirt on to surprise my dad
I have never done this before I'm really
excited and he's gonna be pumped to see
me I I think hopefully I think my dad
loves me so yeah it's gonna be dope I
got to bring my bird back on the plane
last night we had a little bit of an
issue with that but no matter I think we
got to figure it out business so without
further ado let's go to Ohio this is not
one of my favorite parts of traveling I
have to get my bird maverick in this
little cage and he doesn't really like
it if I cast you as maverick cashews one
yeah catch you and they go in the cage
sorry maverick you'll be free soon I
promise no eat the cash you don't drop
it yet another road trip for Logan and
maverick accept this oh jesus that was
Lobster easy boy easy it's cold outside
maverick okay yo thanks bro I also got
this little parrot here but I'll make
I'll make sure he doesn't bite you you
comfy maverick you good okay doke
goodbye Lancer I'll be back
I think hopefully you ever have someone
hang out your window before yeah this
isn't the first time I'm actually going
home to surprise my dad for Thanksgiving
he has no idea it's gonna be good Thank
You d0 thank you okay so this time we
were a little smarter we chose an
airline that allows Birds on the plane
ha ha I'm learning easy boy
hello or not to Ohio see Ohio I can't
give it to you because he's mine
say hi maverick bad burn Africa you got
an audience bro I did it right this time
baby when you plan ahead you don't have
to sneak your bird under the plane it's
great mom I was vlogging my life we're
always ducking out of frame me too
this is the room it does smell like
bacon and easy boy easy
oh my gosh I'm jealous I love bacon like
bacon I love bacon he was big he says
he's just saying it yeah oh you can't
read this up Dennis I'm a vlogger yeah I
don't think you would know this vlog
life ducking out ahead I do we do that
oh we're good yeah good bye
thanks for not taking my bird
is cold in Cleveland I was warming here
but outside it was cold so we're driving
through the streets of my hometown it's
a little suburb outside of Cleveland
called West Lake and like I'm losing my
mind here
I grew up in these streets well not like
in the had a house and stuff but like I
haven't been here in a year it's good to
be back anyways the first stop to know
you're all thinking like why are you
going right now low or if you're not
thinking that maybe I'm just a
pretentious asshole first stop is not my
dad's house I'm gonna make a little pit
stop Eddie and a very special someone's
house who I think you guys know my sweet
sweet mother
what's your head shut up your hat says
it's a vlog thing you wouldn't
understand yo yo oh wow such a happy
family seeing them happy makes me happy
this is crazy oh my gosh you know by the
way let's talk about this for a sec yeah
this is not what I say like II got both
wrong I say that vlog closin up change
it to this the best I could do that song
you wouldn't understand
probably not let's let maverick out he
needs to flap his wings like a good bird
hey girl buddy be free oh you got
something on your stomach bro oh that's
embarrassing
he's a bath right now Americ flew all
the way upstairs right to his old cage
he knows yo this is crazy wait a second
this is my other room
oh my god
my posters are gone
why'd you take my poster cuz I'm gonna
paint yeah we gonna paint you're not an
artist I can't pay anything I only make
videos to approve the paint color you
draw a dick on the wall no can I Drive
Nick on the wall I'm rummaging through
my old stuff I found my high school
yearbook yo I'm so excited to look
through this here's the yearbook this is
our whole entire senior class and just
so you guys know like even what kind of
kid I was in high school I'm right here
facing the opposite direction that
everyone else I can't do the football
page there I am looking the other way
oh what'd I do mom and I are gonna go
out of breakfast date and then discuss
how we're gonna surprise my dad yeah I
ran into the car okay so we made it to
breakfast the smash is real I'm eating
this but also this and some of this too
let's talk about the task at hand trying
to surprise dad and
I wanted to scare this you want a scare
like good
I brought the coffee planning my
question is like he's had heart attack
before like you're a nurse you think
he's good have our you think so no I've
seen it I've seen it people scared their
grandma's died on the spot no no chance
dude let's go get some coleslaw I'm
running the house and go about to buy a
weenie pumpkin pie yeah cool can we get
a pecan pie one pecan pie I got one
pecan pie I'm a pecan pie kind of guy
thank you ma'am not all heroes wear
capes I appreciate you I got you is it
surprised though we have to find your
dad okay I think we just go to his house
we show up let's go let's just do it
what do you make what do you think no
keep going keep going keep going keep on
I think he's home
I think he's home all right let's take a
left into this neighborhood okay I got
the pie I got myself that's pretty much
all I need okay so I'm going through the
woods right now we used to play in these
woods when we were younger and there's
no windows on the side of the house
he's not the courage
sure Nepal boys are back
come on this you whole like hey we're
gonna get divorced and ruin Logan's
styles with that thing made this very
hard for me yo I'm gonna beat your ass
oh I wanted to scare you but I was
afraid you'd have a heart attack no I
appreciate that
oh we got ya log it log that log dance
log dog blog mom yeah hold it you're
good dog
wrong-o and then do you guys have
another son right yes yeah
where's his a Paul oh wait he didn't did
he he didn't come home because maybe he
doesn't love you as much as me well it's
true but your mom always says she likes
Jake better than you so you shouldn't
both equally I love them both equally as
your fingers across she does this to
your fingers once a this is it
I love you both Eve we believe you cross
your toes there's a cop at the door
there's a cop at the door did you get
for driving back and forth not I told
you we can't do this we don't know that
we look like stalkers when we do that do
you like the pie that I got you I love
this Ryan
I got it for you know you know that you
make it yourself
I made that by myself for you okay so
dad mom is making me leave right now
we're gonna go surprise grandma where's
she at month a rehab center there's
music we allowed to give her legs no
mm-hmm go make a quick stop somewhere
tomorrow I'm spending Thanksgiving at
your house with all the cousins I want
to ride the four-wheeler
I want to measure some I want to break
some laws we're gonna shoot guns can we
make this happen
yeah we got chicks guns I got a
firefighter come Oh goodbye dad I love
you but you mind if I go in here real
quick uh just felt like I don't know the
condoms or something on them but I get
some cigarettes this is the first time I
life I've ever bought cigarettes why are
you buying my grandma she's in the
hospital figured she need a little
reboot you know they um they didn't have
any condoms so I got these cigarettes
and said I guess you're both so sleazy
buying cigarettes I realize I've never
bought cigarettes kids I do first off
don't smoke cigarettes and if you do
smoke cigarettes stop smoking cigarettes
okay we're going to visit Hey you're on
the vlog hi hey how are you
not real well absolutely well you look
great and yeah right in your hair you
flawless yeah you lie when Wallace again
no no I come by I'm not an actor I
brought you some some so smokes we're
watching my roommate marks vlog where he
surprised his parents yeah and this is
how his dad reacted
fire Hey
oh man usually really happy to see you
okay I'm done goodbye grandma enjoy the
cigs ahead ok little gang that is it for
today's vlog I'm exhausted guys probably
something to do with that 4:30 a.m. work
but no matter my mom you give me energy
we're having fish tacos chicken tacos
tacos tacos that boy Urlacher someone
stop this woman thank you guys for
watching it is good to be back in Ohio
with my family I love these people my
roots baby home sweet home
I will see you guys tomorrow take it
easy peace
Hey
