come to tell me that you're not shooting
tonight that production has I'm gonna
pick up my bird here here we go just
start off by saying today's vlog is
gonna be a little bit different than
usual and that is because uh how do I
say this so I'm just going down right
now
it's going down to the ground yeah I
know I know I know but these things
happen so I know I said good morning
about 20 seconds ago but it's actually
not morning it's 4:30 p.m. and there's a
reason for that if you remember from
yesterday's vlog I told you today is the
first day of shooting my film
superstition here in Atlanta the reason
why I'm in Atlanta however it's a night
shoot 6 p.m. to 6 a.m. so I slept the
whole day I woke up I worked out and now
we're here however I got a phone call
not a good phone call in fact a horrible
phone call from my manager Jeffrey now
I'm just gonna call him cuz there's no
point in me even trying to explain
what's happening right now I got a call
from the producer I thought it was gonna
be about your role and the direction
they've been trying to take the
character that was not why you called he
called to tell me that you are not
shooting tonight that production has I
don't know I literally have no idea what
to do with my life it's more than just
like I'm not shooting tonight to me it's
like I'm off till December 2nd so like
I'm not going to chill in Atlanta all my
friends are in LA oh my god oh my god yo
yo should I go to Tokyo oh my gosh
maverick back yeah we'll go across that
bridge when it comes to it
Jesus I think of the vlog appreciates
the info you've given us today yeah I'll
talk to you later buddy
he'll be back all right wait I'm a call
Mark I don't know what else to do enough
I miss I miss you bro did she cry not my
real if she didn't cry back but listen
me I have something to tell you bro they
cancelled my filming til December 2nd
bro I don't I mean you tell me dawg like
who I don't know to LA right I figured I
want to get your opinion Brooke because
this is like dude I'm I'm tweaking Brian
no idea what to do what if we go to
Tokyo overall see we gotta go bro or
somewhere I haven't we go dude
no no not saying you know LA and Lana's
dope but I'm just alone with maverick so
like it's either come back to LA or take
a trip somewhere I have no IDE maybe we
let the fans decide whoo
where should we go guys we should bring
George - huh hi buddy I'll talk to you
later see you soon
I'm sorry I lost my cool pal Logan yep
that'd be cool to lose your cool
oh shut up you guys I'm gonna get some
food I think that would help me right
now food always seems to make me happy
when I'm not so happy not that I'm
unhappy right now I'm just don't know
what to do with my life but in the
meantime I'm I'm sitting here oh I'm not
sitting I'm standing here thinking what
am i what am I gonna do with my life I
used to be that was the old me I don't
want to talk about it anymore
you put my business there you know help
me out oh you want me to put this in the
vlog yeah no chance bro
my name is Ross is five fix phones hi
what's your Instagram my he's gonna be
pissed when I put this over it so love
that's awesome
heck yeah bro okay all right maybe I'll
put you it maybe I'll be alright I
appreciate that peace oh man let me show
you something cool is it your dick okay
good created this as a can opener what
and a lighter there's a little lighter
uh-huh bro it's amazing what happens if
I touch it yeah Oh bro dude there's no
way there's a lot on airplanes huh what
it is actually I fly all the time and I
taken it so you're a slur bro I I tried
to Wow life is crazy that was a weird
thing maybe I need to just ask strangers
what they're doing tonight and try to
find like a friend or someone hang out
with I don't know oh here's a couple
excuse me sir what are you doing tonight
going that way I'll come with you we're
walking we're out here how you doing bro
I don't know I mean I guess I'm chillin
okay this is my stop by it really is my
stop this is the bagel place so many
options so many delicious things that
his was gonna have around
I'm not hungover something I'm always
something for sure I look familiar
you look familiar I don't know what it
is I used to do pornography but that was
the old me I want to talk about it yeah
that's me I'm the guy that does the
splits and nothing else I used to be an
actor but my production got canceled
sounds good go down here I'm good I do
it the first time
I love you because you're my mom second
I forgot some I got I got a thing to
tell you I am NOT shooting until
December 2nd they cancelled the vaulted
shooting until December 2nd now what I
don't know I literally have no idea do
you have any ideas that's a good idea
you're right mom you always have the
best advice I love you mom I will talk
to you later ok
out of sheer panic I called the lead of
the film her name is Lauren McClain
wanted to see if she was freaking out as
much as me my car Lauren McClain of
course and I'm like yo what's what's
poppin girl she's a go crazy production
blah blah blah December 2nd blah blah
blah do you want to hang out we should
do something I say yes so I think she's
with one of her sisters maybe two of her
sisters I don't know she with some
sisters we're gonna go do something man
I don't know we'll go over their places
he was Bapat about 20 minutes before I'm
gonna take a car to Lauren's house so
I'm gonna get a quick power nap in I'm
also gonna time-lapse the whole thing
stuff here you go
a few moments later okay I'm here I have
arrived but where is Lauren did the
McClain sisters where are you guys oh
the doors are locked
Laura and I need you please someone
anyone please let me in might need
lotion okay I feel like I look like a
homeless person just like waiting
outside you actually know what
here we go this completes the the outfit
hey does anyone know what about a
YouTube account I can borrow please yeah
change gift she didn't believe me for
one second
Lauren you raise me up so I can stand
you raise me
so I can stand on Martin
is that her love you
this is Lauren introduce yourself warm
attorney she's the star of superstition
which by the way by the way what
happened to that no really yeah me
either I guess right yeah I'm not lost
anything about it are two of your
sisters here just one school trying to
literally landed like you know and they
look identical to you right yes oh my
god that's gonna be great let's do this
Wow
we found the sisters oh you guys are
talented as you guys all look so much
alike is one of you Jake Paul I want to
make my way to the sister singing group
my playing sisters are Logan Paul was
dumb this will be a problem say Oh cuz
I'm up here because y'all I'll just do
the roll yeah this is are you trying to
turn with us the varsity Henry is also a
star super Stannis yo how about that
production no the production that
production no no I mean oh no they know
it's bush they know it's push like I
can't not put it in no I can't not put
it in because like I told them I was
shooting like guys like I said wait
talking about putting it in really loud
I'm gonna put it in are you guys
oh you guys heard me say that selfies
selfies I got you on the vlog take
itself no it's a video signified by this
gong yeah it's probably one heart attack
to heart attacks four or five yeah oh
great
pies yeah no we'll be good to go yeah
but these burgers are good I know but
how is it it's like a regular one right
what happened guys it's definitely I
know they paid for my meal I'm not
complaining I want to smash so that is
it for today's vlog I'm sorry it was so
hectic and chaotic it wasn't even
supposed to be a blog I know crazy right
um as far as what is happening now I
don't know I'll figure it out I'll
figure it out I think anyways thank you
guys for watching as per usual I will
see you tomorrow do not forget to
subscribe and if you are not part of the
notification squad become a part of the
notification swarm well you gotta do is
hit this little belt do it see the belt
right there
yeah it's dope the notification squad is
what's that word oh yeah skin lit bro
okay hi one second thank you I will see
you tomorrow PACA day she
Jesus yeah
