I need help putting on this makeup a
little bit so Stephanie if you can help
me do that that'd be dope okay what's
Bob okay okay okay all right
okay here's what's happening today your
news reporter now I make a joke yeah I
want you to leave those to me all right
today still not funny this guy is
leaving today by the way bro you're back
it's still wet like you do not you know
you know you're saving it you don't know
how to dry off your life is book stock
it is this guy's last day in Atlanta
yeah
brought up a fly to see me in LA yeah
bro I'm kind of happy that you're
leaving I'm kind of sad that surely
that's more like it
oh god you guys remember this from
yesterday's vlog mm-hmm
no boy I don't know boy of reduction is
not gonna be happy about that by the way
ah my first day of shooting is tomorrow
it's a nice shoot though so I don't know
how the vlog is gonna work recording in
the day recording at night recording in
the day night nighttime daytime
nighttime daytime but we'll face that
bridge wall when it comes to I don't
know the same but alright let's go get
some breakfast okay we are here we came
to this place the other day it is called
oh why did you tell me this bro why did
you tell me this is right here I saw you
like smiling at me like oh this guy's
gonna get it I'm so happy you're leaving
mark it sucks that you're leaving bro
boy so today we do not have what What's
Up G
you talk let's not touch my knuckles for
bonding of course bro of course
marketing my holding the camera core
core hey kids around dis release my bull
savage in that selfie yeah look it's a
mini Logan one day you're gonna be old
in the chops just like me little guy I
always loved finding youngsters that
look like myself like a full meal in a
girl is the best sorry not sorry
stay there in the sad face I'm gonna do
something cool the cars coming wait here
we go all right slow music and go yo
guys before we make a quick pit stop
here because I need to get some makeup
for this and you point me in the
direction of I need some makeup for my
ugly ass face oh that's really bad
oh it's your your name tag I like how
you're helping me anyway I'll grab some
of these from mark here purchasing this
make up a little bit of protein 200g I'm
just flogging my life away okay I need
help putting on this makeup a little bit
so Stephanie if you can help me do that
that'd be dope
yo for you Jordan Jordan I don't know
you bro are you my house I mean I don't
know you funny mom yeah
prove it oh it's Jordan bro he's funny
he's my wife he can do it's funny right
it's just this little spot every right
no no no no not everywhere just this but
this is just a primer I don't if I knew
what you meant I'd be bummed yo Jordan
by the way were you from different lanta
dope can I ask you how you got in my
house oh you Bernie Mac wordplay you're
in yep you saw me doing today oh snap I
see a potential future for you in the
makeup artist industry cannot be letting
strangers into the house what I talked
to my bird bro he he liked your dance he
said bro classic that's my boy dude
we're gonna go viral we're gonna make a
viral video but why do you always say
that they're viral cuz I told you all I
make is heat watch even when I do this
fire comes above my finger crazy right
yo you're an asshole mark do what you
were just doing cuz this is an
interesting way to hold the camera
steady he's like flamingos around the
pole
that's my boy that's my boy a flamingo
anyways here that about the shooters
ever seen so - check it out oh so we
just finished shooting these kids came
up to me bro what is happening right now
first off are you guys all vloggers oh
Jesus Pro pro they're worse than us what
in the blogger he wouldn't know this
laughs oh my god yo this is crazy how
far did you say you drove to come on
five and a half six our trust in South
Carolina my man you dropped you guys
drove five and a half hours how did you
find us and what's around here dude
literally just driving around no way we
got here ten minutes ago noticed you big
pointy building you hung off a one of
these 15 lines that was that one yeah
bro he's got to be around here random
right and here y'all what's even crazier
about this for me is that we're all just
vlogging and we're get hit by this car
here yeah you do probably know thank ya
but wait picture sticks your hair all
right what what the fuck you doing mark
oh no I'm sorry you know you when you
zoom into my pimples bro I'm not gonna
do it again do but can you believe this
guy
sorry guys hold your camera's up your
blog cams yeah
crumples your body into a little ball
your local goodbye goodbye low gang low
game for life Wow
goodbye goodbye okay I'm a minister
huh nothing warms my heart like a couple
of young vloggers okay that was awesome
one video down going back up to the room
regroup and then let's see what's poppin
yeah one video down we're savages what
can we say our about to eat some food
bro you killed me
easy easy easy easy easy Jordan you know
this guy what do you know you do what
you think hmm you gotta prove me funny I
had to huh are you funny just I'm funny
to prove yourself we're slowly building
a squad which is a cool thing
hey guys yeah there we go okay you know
I'm kind of sad about you though mark
he's leaving in like two hours
you're not leaving now those to do easy
speech thank you sir I appreciate you
and your glasses oh you're not wearing
glasses my bet what do you get for steak
we're at a vegan restaurant I want two
black vegan from the staff go by the way
I've never I've never seen such a thing
about life new species it's called the
vegan is blackness from the south in his
second II so we all ordered and Steph
goes to order here and she says can I
have some Advil coming why you need
advil why you don't like you can do this
you can do this this and this I mean we
just met them is overwhelming
did you bring the Advil what's your not
not the advil so we just met these guys
let's take it easy okay this restaurants
a little racist huh this is a fancy
restaurant yeah dude they got servers
that look like Harry Potter
yo thank you bro you're a wizard yo I
got it say stop - smash is real smash
bro are you sad cuz you have to leave ya
deserts mark chocolate raspberry mousse
Oh strawberry cake Ho Chi Minh
Stephanie looking at the cake oh my gosh
so good-looking
Stephanie cakes she likes that she said
so Stephanie asked me for shapes so she
could prove to you guys that she's not
racist inside also she is eating a
chocolate cake to keep on proving that
she's not racist but like still I don't
know if I see not that place was
delicious it also cured Stephanie's
racism yo yo
thanks for you feel free to break into
my place tomorrow yeah do the thing huh
oh you guys are funny bro alright we'll
see you guys later peace
join me yeah yeah it is yo Jim don't be
an asshole say goodbye bye guys there
you go
good girl we're back at the crib oh and
it is that time mark is leaving
Stephanie is leaving you gonna say
goodbye just like sit there min all
right I appreciate that
oh yeah I'm so happy that you leaving so
sad that you're leaving bro we'll see
you soon huh Oh easy easy easy easy this
is the big leave bro I'm gonna see you
for a little bit today but maybe we'll
see each other on the way you know yeah
I'll come back here that's a fact that's
not boy that's my boy do the hanging
thing but that's my boy hanging me off
of buildings and stuff you know good
luck with your movie let me know how
loot a bank
oh cool oh yeah sure man tiger tell them
I said hi to Kylie yeah yeah yeah
absolutely yeah yes sir we'll see you
later very good Hank so mark and
Stephenie bounced I guess this
officially begins like the true like
Logan alone in Atlanta type thing got my
boy Yeah right now I'm doing some pretty
dope so if you guys do not know your boy
is colorblind yo what are you doing easy
easy easy
I am a colorblind so yeah maverick thank
you for leaving me to the screen I'm
gonna buy a pair of glasses that makes
you uncover blind that's right kids I'm
gonna buy these glasses I'm gonna see if
they work I'm a blog I'll let everybody
know
the only problem is that they're four
hundred and thirty dollars that's okay
and order police okay sorry I'll get it
delivered
okay I'm not gonna lie to you guys oh no
do not land on oh you not land on the
lamp
okay counter I'm cool with this uh I'm
gonna start studying my lines so like I
said yeah the reason I'm in Atlanta just
forget guys is to shoot this movie
called superstition wait for it wait for
it fo cuz it's superstition and my first
day of shooting is tomorrow
like I said it's a night shoot so this
gonna be interesting because during the
day I had to sleep as much as possible
because shooting from 6:00 p.m. to 6:00
a.m. takes
energy nighttime daytime but then that
begs the question mocha dose if you're
sleeping during the day how are you
gonna be vlogging huh I don't know I'm
gonna figure that out per sure but do
not let that stress you out the worry
about it let me worry about it okay I
can handle it bro thank you guys for
watching the vlog as per usual I will
see you tomorrow do not forget to
subscribe if you are not part of the low
gang yo I'm sorry if I'm scared you bro
I'm just giving an energy ok subscribe
if you're not ok I'm so sorry I'm ever
gonna make it really difficult for you I
love you guys and I will see you
tomorrow take it easy
peace
nighttime daytime
