you know what I'll be good morning love
guy what is up everybody
hahaha it's really early I'm like in
charge oh no not my hat give me one sec
I gotta put my hat on
give me my hat back no one saying no had
left behind here we go some you may know
uh Donald Trump is president dump truck
yeah he's president United States I'm
gonna hit more on that later but I just
I if you didn't know I thought maybe I
would be the one to tell you and then as
far as what else is happening today some
people have been asking me a few things
one low slow g-dub's what happened to
out your two cameras well I have no fear
I still have my two cameras yeah check
that out hi how are ya how you doing
oh-oh-oh-oh
secondly uh low-key this I get asked
this all the time Logan what happened to
that girl at Starbucks Chloe Chloe the
french-canadian girl because you guys
are right I have not mentioned her since
then and there's a good reason for that
but why would I explain it to you when I
could just have her do it
yeah wait movie wait what wait what
that's right kids I'm gonna get Chloe
sorry my hat and cameras and stuff I'm
gonna get Chloe on FaceTime and we're
gonna talk to her today directly it's
gonna be lit anyways let's go get the
day started uh my hat fell off
let me get two real quick good morning
hello I know
Donald's job crazy right look at that uh
yeah I'm just talking to Mary hey wait a
second why the sku in my house what why
are you fully judgment what are you
doing in my house I don't believe you
why are you George fully dressed I had
to be up early so uh I woke up at 6:00
you got some work that in then took a
shower the grind I don't believe this
story at all I believe this is 0% hey
fun fact Donald Trump is president
what it was a good kid that George kid
Wednesday morning I am out here on these
streets most definitely out here on
these streets numero uno on the agenda
that's Spanish for number one have some
meetings but you guys know me I need
something to feel me for those meetings
hmm what can I get to eat I don't know
let's see one of my options
games are strong in this one
nothing like eating breakfast on the
ratchet a streets of Hollywood Boulevard
just in my favorite okay I am gonna go
to these meetings but I want you guys to
come obviously however I'm just gonna
I'm gonna fly through man it's gonna be
Papa buy boom we're here chairs meets
riding in a couple virals
I'm quick yeah we're back at the crib
nah I know uh a lot of the country has
mixed emotions about this it's tough
it's a tough situation because you know
a lot I feel like you are there hate
Donald Trump or you love Donald Trump
well I'm gonna make some phone calls
today one of which is uh Chloe the
Starbucks girl just ask people how they
feel about Donald AJ bad bad not Trump
being president but one quick thing that
I want to address first two cameras hi
are you doing okay back here wait wait
whoa I know what you're thinking Logan
what are you wearing
check it out huh look at this outfit
okay back here wait you notice the fanny
pack
yeah son your boys got a fanny pack
bang-bang-bang but Logan what do you
even put in your fanny pack dumb
question
obviously you put celery in the little
pocket and carrots in the big pocket
yeah son be jealous I chop these up with
scissors about five minutes ago
and lastly for good luck I hold finally
the bottom half heavy of a mannequin in
my fanny pack he's got a nice butt see
so anyways let's make these phone calls
first up I'm gonna call my friend wampa
do you guys know waffle he's the Mexican
kid that steals my food or whatever I
invite him over previously my Mexican I
got my breakfast I got my Mexican with
my breakfast know what Wamba yo chill
Wamba stop papa
stop wobbling reason that I want to talk
to whomp Allah is because Wawa is
Mexican my boy is Mexican and I know the
people from Mexico has some strong
opinions about Donald Trump so I'm gonna
give womp a a ring and see what he's
thinking what I'm a boy oh good good
back in Mexico my house Mexico City
right yeah yeah Mexico City that's the
one that's my boy has a family um
amazing amazing thank you for asking
good hug the dog I mean he's good he's
good for you deep breath it out good
he's the president whoa whoa I don't
think he's
about building an actual wall between
Mike School in America I think he's like
you you still to visit me and I feel
like he should know that I just hope it
he hasn't seen all the videos we've done
about you especially you made so many
double chocolate yo you screwed your L
screwed oh that's screwed and spent no
thank you
thank you from how was Mexico in general
like feeling as as a country so it was
the base of pride for all about it like
we did not see it and it just yes ten
things and then suddenly boom this guy
president no could believe it both for
the feuds and people talking houses
enough thicker repercussions ha he only
were set aunt Anna okay well hey buddy
don't be sad because wampa no matter
what's important between us alike
I know shit no wall-eyed bridge just a
beached whale you're my hermano bro that
is a fact that's a fact
well hopefully I see you again bro yeah
hopefully hopefully man well then listen
dude I'll let you get back to your busy
day in Mexico thank you for talking to
me for the vlog this was a lot oh yeah
sorry I forgot this I mean oh okay amo
mi hermano
yo demo - but I miss you I just want to
say else I also keep money getting what
did you just say what the that was weird
so that was interesting uh yeah wampa I
don't know what happened there buddy I
was good that was very informative you
heard it straight from the Mexicano
himself also made the mistake of trying
to be to technological like a dumb
millennial you do a D and stuff looking
what he's doing on my head nothing I am
recording myself putting another camera
recording the face time no this next one
I'm just gonna do iPad screen and me and
split screen will be much easier
anyways next on the agenda I am calling
my friend Jorge Janko so George is a
Syrian in case you did not know
good day what am i boy I'm vlogging
vlogging right now
hey okay so I have a question okay cool
so with you being like a Syrian at all
what the are you doing in my house this
morning
goodbye next let's see what Chloe has to
say so like I said in yesterday's vlog
we hit half a million subscribers in 59
vlogs guys the low gang is lit Sun for
Pocket Sun but that also means that a
lot of new people have hopped on the
train since I made the video with Chloe
the girl I'm about to call so basically
if you do not know here's the story I
was on my way to China one day in the
car on my way to the airport some stuff
went down I got a call from my China
contact they're like yo we messed up
like don't come we wouldn't mean don't
come the girl I'm literally on my way to
the airport call my manager he's like
dude like we shouldn't go so I like okay
Jesus now I have four days in LA then I
was supposed to be in China for drove
home didn't know what to do with my life
litter cuz like I don't really like to
have free time all the time so I was had
four days technically free so the first
thing I did obviously was go to other
store go grab some food on the way there
I saw this beautiful girl sitting in
Starbucks just sitting in the window all
alone
oh my god oh so pretty the rest is
history man I just acted on my instincts
and walked up to the window and then
this happened
you're so pretty he was so pretty
take my number I texted her that day and
went on a date with her that night
fucking dick a Suzie life is crazy
and I know everyone's like oh I talked
about the date in the vlog the very next
day but other than that like I haven't
mentioned Chloe at all and like I said
everyone's asking me literally hundreds
of comments every vlog where's Chloe
where is this dog burger off but not
with you and Chloe
hashtag clog in which by the way cloak
it kind of dope anyways there's a reason
I have not addressed it haha you know
what to call this girl and you guys
cannot see it for yourselves firsthand
so let's give Chloe a rare you know what
I'll be it's been eleven hundred years
not exactly how long has it been like
what oh my god all my friends are asking
where's Chloe
where's Starbucks girl and I don't even
think I completely understand what's
happening where are you right now
in Mexico City Mexico City I I just
talked to my friend WAPA he lives there
how are the tensions and feelings with
the Donald Trump you just cry in case
you guys do not know you are
french-canadian you speak fluent French
see see that was Spanish
that was definitely finished but okay
when I went and I was looking at your
phone and like watching you put my
number and I saw it was in a different
language and I was like y'all yeah we
got a foreign girl on our hands
it's okay you're based in Mexico City
and but like why why Mexico like why did
you wear it why not here it did stay
what you can I'm here because the work
that I need to be able to come back to
the States
take it done really quickly here sounds
like some Sheena sounds like some shady
dealings to me if I'm understanding
correctly what you're saying is that
you're an illegal alien the Donald Trump
thing is is hitting the United States
pretty heavy yeah I can see the videos
of people like stampeding through the
streets
it's something I actually like to take
action on if you came back to America
would I ever catch you sitting in a
Starbucks again would you always just be
stampeding against Donald Trump some God
was calling me what did Josh say still
not sure what that means
Josh yeah to be honest I don't know
either it's just like a thing
they are the fans I have come up with
collodion would be our relationship name
but you had you had to up and move to
Mexico yeah but based on what hit in
half a million subs I hit happened in
something like two months I will be at a
million by then like my vlog life is
gonna be
like what if I'm Sam what if I don't
have time for clothing is all I'm saying
Chloe oh I'll make time you're right
you're so right okay well listen I think
my audience is gonna love this the low
gang that that's the names of the low
gang it's just everything just add a G
baby let's go
Tom no but they're gonna love this
they're gonna love this so yo thanks for
taking the time to talk to me Chloe
hopefully we can get back to the states
we've got another day but you have to
come back first I'll be back what you
get sushi with me again you know I think
I could make that happen I think I could
make all right I have fun in Mexico you
got it Mike Logan you always don't guys
they try to tell you Plus cloak in is
sick wait what I don't know why I just
said they try to tell you I just got
done saying how I haven't told you
anything about it that's my bad I'm glad
we finally got to have that conversation
cuz I know I know you guys have been
dying to see that and like I said guys I
read your comments like how would I know
you'd wanted to see that if I didn't
read your comments I read them son I
read them son
anyways let's see what else is poppin
tonight I'm gonna work out I got this
package in the mail you guys gonna see
what's in this no okay show you anyways
oh my gosh what are these straight from
the gods themselves what is this shoe
oh this is no joke
yo look at these puppies man I don't
even honestly I know I'm a savage but
these they're I say it might even be too
savage for me me I don't know I don't
even know if I can wear these just to
cool
yeah yeah these are dope now this is
obviously not the right outfit to wear
them with but you know we rock it
anyways look at two hours later yeah so
I am in a different outfit yeah a couple
hours have passed it is 9 p.m. and I'm
about to hit the gym yes whoa ha lift
weights pick up heavy things then put
them back down and then do it again in
sister 3x8 night oh okay
oh here easy work baby let's go this is
where we fight
working out sick though okay low gang
I'm not gonna lie savage Louisville was
a medium today but I wanted to get in
here it's late I'm a little tired but at
least I did it I got in here got my
working alright let's go back upstairs
shall we
how are you expecting a cool transition
today was a good day today was a really
good day I'm not gonna lie you talked to
some people about how they felt about
Donald Trump being president he talked
to Chloe
the infamous Chloe who I know you guys
have been dying to hear from little
disappointed that she's uh an illegal
alien but you know you win some you lose
some
ha ha ha Chloe I know you're watching
this video it's a joke just a joke not
in the legal alien I think I don't know
we're gonna talk to her girl come back
to the u.s. let's go get some sushi no
say oh god I'm such a judge
all solo gangsters remember I said if
you guys send me some low gang videos if
they're cool if I like them I might post
them on this channel well feast your
eyes upon what might be the coolest
thing I've ever seen in my lifetime
that's some next-level rewrite there son
yeah next level read it's like savagery
but with levels and one quick thing I
want to say is two cameras hey hi how
you do it okay back here hi oh oh that's
not it I was gonna say in my meeting
today I was informed that there is a
little Bell next to the subscribe button
now apparently if you click this bell
you will be notified when I post a video
now that's awesome Wow
I believe the YouTube community calls
that the notification squad I don't want
to call you guys the notification squad
we're logan but if you are low gain and
you have the notifications on just hit
that Bell hit the ring the bell - it is
your ringing yeah am i ringing I don't
know I'm just I'm just Logan as usual I
love you guys I'm signing off for the
day take it easy I'll see you tomorrow
though gang peace
just login my meeting that's all that's
cool that's cool
