let's go good morning love gang it is a
good Sunday the vibes are good my boy
Wampus inside good morning what do you
think what you got the market okay
that's a little weird it's got a button
everything I'm gonna sit this down for
them for the vlog for the vlog one place
set it down papa come on bro where you
going papa one Pagano wah wah wah is a
joke it's a joke it's a joke let's come
on intro intro appears what's happenin -
yeah I mean - okay
that's my wampie okay guitar so here's
what's happening today I've been hoping
this day out for a long time I got the
goods bro I got the good today oh my
goodness
potassium permanganate using this
potassium using this purple solution we
are gonna do one of the most epic
science experiments that I've ever seen
in my life a little bit spin in a circle
with a bunch of different things
good morning hello
doing a science experiment today you
jealous yeah that's what I thought
okay I was choking on my meal what me no
you're honest like me though yeah I got
me look bro you like that you must leave
man you like that
yeah that's what you get when you got
vine money rest in peace fine you can
hire a personal chef to cook meals for
you you wouldn't know this personal chef
like that's your high breath
so what else do you wish you had say hey
yo I got some good news science
experiment today yes science science
science science bro yes science has a
much on this current and I overlooked
the beautiful city of Hollywood I can't
help but wonder do my parents really
love me but also is this science
experiment gonna work like I'm gonna
face it I know Bill nah I'm just walking
if that's not good enough I don't know
what is
there's a few more items I need before
we can start and also we're gonna shoot
some videos some viral internet videos
beautiful ratchet-ass streets of
Hollywood Boulevard nothing makes me
happier except when I was younger my mom
would give me back scratches dude those
are lips okay let's get some stuff for
this experiment in this store here's
what I'm looking for a chemical called
hydrogen peroxide commonly known to
clean cuts like when you were younger
and you'd accidentally cut yourself your
mom would put hydrogen peroxide on your
cut and hey guys high five high five
hey okay cool talk to you later why
people so awkward around me here we go
baby here we go don't mind if I do haha
are they looking at me I can tell oh
yeah they are great I got the good let's
go back home and see what we have all
the materials to do our science
experiment which I'm frigging hype for
but first like I said we gotta shoot
some viral videos every time we shoot a
video because yo mark let's shoot a
viral video today how do you further all
fire he's like I don't shoot videos I
just only shoot viral videos all I make
his hideous Ilana what do you know about
that he probably know what the heat
brother saw likes cute bow just blowing
it out damn it I guess I could just save
videos right why do I say right we're
shooting videos that are gonna go viral
are you sure about that this is the
setup right now we got one man on a
counter we got one man throwing keys we
got one man shooting that's a werewolf
Laurie yeah I'm trying to Stevens
throwing me these keys and I'm trying to
catch them behind my back without
looking yeah another one of these videos
it takes forever bro we're gonna get
let's we're walking around the building
shooting let me tell you this is what
the vlog Levitt is line this is the vlog
life you know the thing about all this
noise and vlogging blah blah blah they
wouldn't know this vlog life they
wouldn't know this next shot we are
dropping my phone yeah like actually
dropping we don't ever like of well I
guess I could use one of these pillows
but I'm not that smart I hope it doesn't
break if it does break I'm really hoping
it doesn't break like I just imagine if
it does break that noise is gonna be 9
times more annoying I think we're good
yeah also something really exciting
about this whole experiment and that is
two cameras anyways it's time for the
experiment
who's in the door come back hey who are
you who I got through cameras you can't
escape your seed from every angle
there's my boy
where's he going register here you go
sir here is the origin of this
experiment I was browsing through my
Facebook and I saw this it was the DIY
do-it-yourself experiment myself it's
way worse hey there you are
thanks George where did George go with
it's called elephant toothpaste this
experiment because it looks like
toothpaste but a lot of it like so far
it's like for an elephant okay I didn't
create this experiment however I am
going to do the best version of it today
right now let me once again reiterate I
have no idea if this is gonna work I
have no idea and I know what you're
thinking freehand right Logan no two
cameras no second ones right there hey
but without further ado let's do this I
do the materials come on stop kicking
stuff on dishes so kind of like regular
soap but for dishes we have our hydrogen
peroxide finally we got the key
ingredient potassium permanganate it's
kind of a big deal I was out majoring in
ready for this industrial and systems
engineering before I decided to pursue
entertainment so yeah like I'm a little
bit of a geek also uh I'm not even
holding your camera and I know you guys
think when I do this joke who is holding
the camera well ah gotcha
it's me ha I'm always holding the camera
wait what hey he's right
ha thanks for that Logan you're good
guys so here's how this is going to work
first we're gonna take some water
otherwise
h2o yeah science then we're gonna take
up a bit of potassium permanganate and
pour it into the wok finally we're gonna
put some dish soap into that solution
and mix it up a little bit why I put it
in a wine glass probably not the best
idea hopefully someone doesn't drink it
yeah do not drink that Oh what are you
talking to us well I guess I don't know
this is it baby
and also uh I got a little surprise for
you two cameras hey how are ya oh wait a
second three cameras bang bang bang bang
bang bang okay so now we're gonna put
the hydrogen peroxide in this glass no
character mark problem is that I was not
like giving proportions literally I saw
a video and like just assume like this
is the perfect amount
I don't know perfect okay so yeah dude
if this doesn't work I wanna be ya all
right boys let's put on our safety
sunglasses shall we yeah say it takes a
backseat to entertainment oh okay now
I'm going to pour the solution into this
tough thing that I just carved the top
off of oh oh yeah I'm a straight how
come wait is this the bad view how about
a thank you so watch this can actually
use this glass okay any more
sorry Marsh so this is it guys this is
it like oh my god I hope this works
it's gonna be so cool here we go three
yo okay
some happen not not what I wanted to it
looks like a soda it looks like a soda
but some happens under the wrong it's
the proportion wrong proportion okay
we're going to go around to dammit
dammit because it's not working
yeah give up until I get this to work
here we go damn whoa watch this science
experiment it's not working at all
though it's not it's a book to shoot up
bro I don't know yeah let's try it I
hear it just makes no fuckin sense
it's just crazy science experiment gone
wrong literally gone wrong because it
couldn't bust this isn't working and I
told you guys I there's many reasons why
it could not work but I think what it is
that my hydrogen peroxide is not
concentrated enough meaning it's only 3%
hydrogen peroxide where I believe it
should be anywhere between thirty and a
hundred percent not much great great
great
oh you gotta evaporate the water out of
it okay like Larry wampa for one week I
was like
so hi guys here's the deal all my
friends have left me Georgia's on the
couch talking on the phone like eyes
this they don't care as much as I do I
don't know why I care so much I just
want this to work so let's try again
here goes nothing okay besides me making
a giant mess okay now I'm no genius I'm
not but I am the next best thing a chart
from Ohio yeah a chart from Ohio what I
didn't notice that when I went to the
bigger glass the reaction worked a
little better so I'm gonna even go
bigger boom Shakalaka check this out
baby that's a trashcan baby that's a
draft fill up that trash can all the way
through the brim with this illusion
hopefully it explodes and then I don't
look like an idiot for this whole vlog I
feel like it's okay because this whole
day just like a fingers crossed every
day oh that's my boy crosses fingers man
oh oh God sorry can you wear can i water
yeah I got you George okay this is
leaking from the bottom like a lot so we
kind of have to go fast and you're
probably wondering why did you get so
much potassium permanganate this is the
reason I wanted to do this the whole
time so about the potassium permanganate
going
we gotta go
no no they did not work at all Oh God Oh
God
learned a couple of things today one
that did not work at all - I suck at
science let's clean this up
okay
so operate yeah not only because I
failed but because I was misled man
anyways you know you can't win them all
guys and if there's anything that I
wanted to do and establish with these
vlogs is that I want you guys to be with
me for my successes but also equally my
failures you have to understand that in
life the important thing is trying not
having a success that's a fact my boy I
have for you these glasses celebrate put
them on it's time for 10 SEC you're
right dude you're Sora I don't know what
I was thinking about but it's okay we
all get down sometimes now let's get
back
you stop
okay but one page thanks for that buddy
wampas like my little Mexican angel that
stands on my shoulder and helps me in
times of need and plus he gives me tacos
huh
thank you guys for watching I'm gonna
end the vlog there I fear disappointment
mainly but I love you guys looking for
life y'all the savages I will see you
tomorrow don't forget to subscribe
normally this stuff we do works
literally that was the first fail and
like actual fail that we've had on the
channel but can't one of our guys but
like one page said you just kind of try
I love you guys thank your desi hit that
like button for me if you want to peace
we're the three best present anyone
could have weather would be really
really really really good ey pizza
that's a fact
