like for babies
I'm gonna tell you what I'm doing today
but like a horse won I got an audition -
I'm going to the dentist to get my teeth
clean three I'm doing a YouTube collab
with a fellow youtuber for my mom leaves
to go downstairs and then I hear this
guy screaming who's screaming him tub
his lungs so I run out on my balcony
like this I'm just watching this this
crazy guy screaming no one now two
things come to mind one welcome to
Hollywood and two maybe I'm the crazy
person cuz I'm watching you crazy person
to yell at nothing in my underwear on my
balcony that's what I'm saying that's
what I've been saying
what no no no I'm not I am NOT crazy I
I'm not crazy
I guess there's a good point I know
you're always right as I hover board
down Hollywood Boulevard
Boulevard like a young dumb millennial I
am studying my script for my audition
however there is one thing I need to
fuel me to energize me into
that's right son grade promise don't
scare me when I'm driving what why why
do you think I would get I don't know I
have a feeling I'm glad you told me wait
a minute did you make a video with
somebody in the car with a clown that
was me was that your mom roll the clip
outfit whoa is about us I wouldn't get
out do that and then me oh yeah she's a
savage my mom is a savage hashtag vlog
mom next level as soon as I saw you I
was like where have I heard this being
about before you ever heard this okay
but good luck
thank you so much imma kill it booth bye
all right I'm at my audition I'm gonna
go kill it and I forgot to tell you guys
whenever I go out for a role that's
younger than I am wear clothes that make
me look like a little kid like this
shirt okay I'm gonna go kill this be
right back I'm not gonna lie to you guys
I didn't kill it
it was okay but I know you already know
that cuz the title card said so I don't
know I don't know I wasn't vibing in
there but you know you win some you lose
some
we were going back to the apartment so
that whoa best transition ever I don't
know I don't know why I even like said I
was coming back home I'm here for like
three minutes I'm still wearing my
little boy shirt a little boy hood we
should do a little boy dance
Oh yo what happened to Just War
helicopters World War three y'all what
is this alien invasion
that's crazy Brody look like little
bumblebees or something bro if World War
three is indeed happening I just
remember me as hashtag global anyways
here's what I was going to say so in two
days well tomorrow by the time deserve
lagers up I am actually flying to
Maryland to do a very special amazing
epic collab with a youtuber and a legend
big youtuber big legend me epic okay you
guys are the little gangster I figured I
should tell you get the height crew and
get everyone ready and excited but now I
have a dentist appointment so what
better way to get there than a cool
transition okay I'm here amok that's a
good word that's the thing I'm not my
vlogs you watch my vlogs you dis smarter
today you learned what a monkey was I'm
never home Sunday night you saw and I
never watched 60 minutes never
but you saw like I said oh my god time
is perfect man I am I know I said oh my
god he's coming in tomorrow
oh yeah I'm still here right now do your
worst
hello darkness my old friend I've come
to talk with you forget about it
unsubscribe guys I think so been a while
it has been a while hmm
put them pearly whites though you hope
there was amazing thing I've ever done
wow that was bomb I gonna go back home
but how do we get there I don't think of
a cool trans oh whoa convenient we're at
home so you guys remember how I told
your head of YouTube collab today well
it is you tell the low-low gang what
we're doing so no gang is that what you
call them actually their love their
little gangsters low gangsters and well
she would've known this vlog line no i
i'm not subscribed anyways i will be
don't worry i'm not subscribed to her
i'm not subscribe we are going to be
doing a game with two truths one law
ever gets it wrong has to take an ice
bath
I could throw you he almost kills me
start tossing around this is gonna be an
issue
like no it's not whole day I'm gonna
just need to pick you and put you wait
wait you're not how do you say almost 13
how would your birthday ready sorry I'll
get you something we'll get you busy
just over here we have a George Jenko
over here we have one for ideas and over
here we have one Patrick Starr on the
porch all alone standing here you told
me to for the vlog supposed to be like I
like I found you on the course a good
joke
nothing I gotta say I think the people
liked your vlog my segment yesterday but
as far as what I think what the host mom
what you hooked up with one of my
friends Johannes this shirt this guy
carrying you around yesterday nice point
he's a nice boy he's a nice boy is that
what they said back then back when you
were young and having sex so we're
waiting on ice right now we ordered a
slow device works tilta throwing the
sauce is 10 pounds in 10 bags wait a sec
wait we only got 10 pounds of ice
10 10 pounds but they're tender that's a
lot right all these other 10 pound bags
10 pound bags yeah so you know you one
guy is delivering a hundred pounds of
ice awaiting our even so he means we may
be not home Bonita I think you did it
right they're not all ten pounds thank
you dramatically all your brains went
dude
this is freaking out you gotta trust me
okay trusting up stance
Floyd money - you are done because you
know you wanted to hello my lungs are 15
to 20 then why would anyone want to
watch you for more than three you're
super entertaining
am I really yeah oh that's a fact look
at my legs don't look at your lips Oh
God
like my lips are huge compared oh my god
mom what the why do I have big lips mom
why don't you yeah why don't you give me
a big lip Gene's big lips big lips are
good at something and mine are gone
compared to Teela's get on my level yeah
I'm jelly half hey ma can make me sweet
potato and make me sweet potato thank
you mom this is pretty convenient my
microwave got a potato setting that's
pretty dope so apparently the ice is
here alright everyone Pizza time pizzas
still go bro you bullshit you're gonna
eat all of these big juicy slices Oh
Pizza time oh my Pizza time my mom made
me
you know thanks mama this hoverboard
makes some dope tracking shots I can
make it I can make a music video join
this music video that we're making Oh
what
of course I'm putting soon its lit yo
yeah it's lit it's sweet and it's lit
thanks for making this from your mom
well you're my mom my pleasure
alright the ice is here apparently yo
look at this sunset right now I love
this city so much this is a real life
this is the tiniest girl you fit
everywhere every night I get that look
at this sunset so beautiful do I love
Los Angeles in fact I love what just
come say hi come say hi to maverick
munchies you hate birds
alright I'm gonna leave him in here yeah
I put him back she is so scared right
now I'm gonna make maverick attacker
he's he's in his cage in the back corner
of my room I'm in this room Stan what of
what is that put him away we were about
to start this video the loser again has
to sit in the ice bath which would be
her not gonna be me here I'm gonna pick
you up again just good times sake there
you go no here's what's poppin I got
this light-skinned girl in the back we
just took an ice bath oh she wouldn't
know
we literally took a swirl back we are
making ice cream we're also making candy
we're all making all sorts of pale white
boy and caramel skinned girl candies
what whoa it is something we just took
I'd be hopping I want you to take over
the vlog go I'm gonna go lift vlog mom
the people who dig it so maybe glass a
couple minutes of vlog mom and I'll come
back and sign off the vlog for the day
sound like a play yes alright okay okay
you're up hashtag mom yeah
gotta go back to Cleveland I'm gonna
miss the kids too much but they're gonna
miss me you know why cuz I'm the shit
still got no food in here bull just
lovin I'm really sorry about this
I'm sorry I don't know what came over me
and I'm not cleaning it up either peace
out looking stirs love you bye
damn it feels good to be a gangster a
real gangster a few moments later mom my
mom left me that's cool start this thing
where if you guys send in like don't
funny savage videos I'll put them in as
part of the vlog because they're
freaking awesome here's an example you
wouldn't know this you wouldn't know
this this is the low gang bro and you
wouldn't know you wouldn't know anyway
I'm signing off the day but me again hey
thank you guys for watching as per usual
tomorrow I am going to Marilyn don't
forget tomorrow night I'm gonna take a
flight to Maryland to do a collab with a
very special influencer youtuber friend
of mine hint maybe one of the biggest so
stay tuned for that it's gonna be
amazing I will see you guys tomorrow
thank you peace yup so I go I literally
I take my card out
I put the batter in the computer go go
to upload the footage and what come on
what is this mom mom what are you
kidding me right now mom come in you
called yes I did you're ready yes
