oh you called yes I did you're ready yes
all right
good morning it's a good day my mom is
still in town I'm on 60 minutes tonight
at 7 p.m. on CBS plug plug plug so we're
gonna have a little watch party for that
with my boys right now there's your
harness there's mark and speaking of
mark I'm sure you guys know who Cara
Delevingne is big model big actors
talented girl mark posted an Instagram
this morning here it is pretty dope but
then it keeps crawling down my feet Cara
Delevigne positive and it's again this
morning there it is again pretty dope
there is not the same picture bro make
you concrete Cara Delevingne
the only difference is that she's not in
water flew back to Hawaii took the bit I
know I caught you yeah so anyways I'm
gonna go actually workout for the first
time in a while in the morning oh yeah
yeah we woke up with it's one of they
have to also here's how I'm sitting
right now if you're a dude named close
your eyes yo that camera is not even on
that camera is not even on what's poppin
bro did you know that I am on the most
successful tangent what 60 60 minutes
but yes it is it is cool Wow okay oh
yeah look at these people working hard
look at this guy walking heck it
definitely all get God today this is
where we fight
a lot of people ask why I worked out
with the hoodie on keeps you hopping
keeps you that's warm there's a sweaty
sweat out all the waterway and it
provides for an optimum workout what a
great way to get the day started and I
think it the day started but it is 2
p.m. maverick on blogging please do you
want to know I'm gonna go shower get
cleaned off I will be Nick too much
information I feel like sometimes I'm a
bit too open with you guys if I ever
need to close the hatch just let me know
close the hatch in like this so I'm a
showered I'm clean off clean cleaned off
I'm no longer naked that would be weird
yes that would be really weird my mom
sitting on my lap yeah we're watching my
bird maverick look out the window and
ponder his future check this out
yesterday I let my mom vlog for a little
bit and I thought it was great
what was it she's a hashtag vlog mom mom
Matt just copy what you do it's easy no
no I stashed it you should take over my
vlog like I have some errands to do and
I'm gonna use my roommate marks camera
I'm gonna give it to you just take over
my vlog and we'll see what happens
okay so here is hashtag you know I'm
gonna kill it
Logan thinks his blogs around bleak but
they ain't compared to mine no oh there
I'm curious to see what my mom is gonna
talk about I'm guessing it's gonna be
like mom stuff like Logan clean your
house Logan where's your food I want to
address is food food is essential to
life good healthy eating and when my
kids were at home I fed that day or
night all kinds fruits vegetables
protein well they had some sweets I'd
like pop-tarts but I want to know what's
going on over here
why is there no damn food a lemon
marinara heck do you put on that there
isn't anything else and here's some
whipped cream actually don't mind this
what did we find out that my mom is just
like a pure whoa whoa why does man
yelling at what I do bro I'm wondering
like what my mom is doing what if she is
bringing out her pure savagery like we
know my mom is a sadist she's destroying
my house making a mess you do what if my
mom is boring like vlogging is not easy
you have to be entertaining I think if
people who like to wanna watch you so
she's a boring block
come in you called yes I did you're
ready yes know if I trust my mom home
below we all know what happened the
other day especially with that shirtless
hunk Johannes running around the
building like dude no no this is getting
heavy last end of the day I got my water
stay hydrated kids did you know that
Logan was a little spoiled I went back
to my club what are you saying right now
mom nothing why do I walk in and you're
going death as a duh this thing I
guarantee this was the worst vlog ever I
don't know why did you have fun vlogging
I didn't do you think you could live the
vlog life you think you don't know this
I know this you don't know this whoa
okay just chill out with that you don't
know this talk it's kind of my thing
taking it over I got some balls ma I'm
excited to see what kind of log content
you got no boy mark is what do you got
going on here bro of the sunset Oh been
going on eight minutes now yo can I get
this I get this footage gonna be dope
that no one's gonna watch my vlog
roll the clip 60 minutes et - I'm pumped
right workout yeah okay yeah what'd you
get we could devise no cardio session
Lou well you never do cardio Hey look at
this guy I guess she is here I love my
friends bond with my mom anyways we were
all really excited when who's was making
those noises a second ago oh I'm excited
and I'm not the only one who's excited
you asked fans are tweeting me pictures
tweeting me videos here is one of my
personal favorites roll the clip
watch Logan Paul in 60 minutes yo Logan
whoa-ohh
accidentally wrote the wrong clip that
was a bit aggressive but that man is
hyped for me thanks dear I know my dad
is excited he made an Instagram post I
saw it with my eyes doing a little like
promo for me thanks dad roll the clip
no Greg ball coming at you done my
basement working out I just got done
watching 60 minutes with Logan on it if
you're on the west coast you need to
watch it you don't want to miss it it's
good stuff yes yes it is good stuff it's
fun you looks ripped though the back
chicks are digging him and he's my son
and I'm proud two more facts let's do it
yo so this is actually no jokes this
time we're kind of waiting for my part
of the episode to come on and this is
not a joke right now my boys have all
crashed thanks for the support mom
though I appreciate you how much longer
until your eyes
I gotta go how long is 60 minutes nobody
shoot 4k pill with a curse lasting with
a sense of wit fun high-energy
so that's your stick my fish
is my agent what is that I'm glad you're
my mom hi I chose the right mom when I
was fighting all the other sperms to get
out of guys I'm glad I was the first one
okay I thought you did fabulous and I
mean that in all sincerity even though
my vlogs are better hashtag no gang son
I didn't mention this because I figured
like it was too much but my brother and
I were also on the Disney Channel
tonight check it out snap chatting this
fall night
yo my boys my boys my mom in the back
how you doing mom
savage stabbing I was a big step in my
career that's a really exciting thing
right there I'm excited roll I'm excited
the biggest the biggest news watch my
magazine on TV fax fax back if you are
not already subscribed make sure to hit
that subscribe button because that we
got a shake log I'm here doing hash tag
oh my god we'll see you guys tomorrow
okay so I'm showered and cleaned off no
what are you doing mom I stack Logan
