no video means it move a video means the
moves right moving frame so you want me
to move yeah check it out you turn a
dancer an outstanding morning guys the
local time is 5:30 a.m. I just touched
down in New York good news I managed to
sleep the entire flight bad news is that
it's 5:30 a.m. and I am still exhausted
here for Comic Con with Payton list for
more movie the sinning should be yeah I
missed you I was here like last week
yeah walk about live my G love all of
you someone left their stuff back here
from last night bro whose stuff is this
I have a Darth of black socks so I'll
just go ahead and that's cool it's a
good VapoRub darth means an inadequate
supply and you see that you watch Logan
Pavlov's you're learning tell your
parents thank you for the socks so out
here in these streets you go bet this
leave that man got a good check-in and
checked in but real quick exam about
against wall absolutely not no I will
catch you guys in t minus man oh no what
five hours please Oh a few moments later
Kenny I was woken up by a call from the
people from legendary now legendary made
our movie the spinning the movie that
I'm here to promote with Peyton lists at
comic-con they're like yo we got the
interview they interviewed a 10-8 10:15
in the lobby where are you I'm like yo
it's chill bro I like my manager and his
assistant told me to me in the lobby at
2:00 p.m. to go to Comic Con it's fine
it's 10:00 a.m. we're not an interview
where you talk about no local we do have
an interview okay so someone messed up
I'm went down the line not letting me
know we had to interview at 10 a.m. with
Peyton
okay people make mistakes I'll go down
there right now do the interview even
though I was woken up early from my
slumber but the other thing that's going
ah my nose is bleeding roll I was pulled
out of bed I am bringing my blanket so
tired hey good morning yeah I'm sorry
vlogging my life away yeah we're savages
right now I'm gonna floor one wait you
are yeah that's so late I know I'm lame
looks like I already got the day start
they don't think I'm gonna go back to
sleep might as well just start kicking
brow just start kicking breath now mind
you we are going to comic-con and I
don't have a costume just some party
it's kind of bland but regardless we
still gonna rock it bro yeah look at
this nice black shirt oh and you know
what check it out
socks from the uber ha guess who's
running all the way to the bank me else
got a chocolate chip cookie for the road
yeah it's my first meal of the day judge
me I don't care
sorry ladies I'm just logging my life
away good talk Jesus mother who scared
me young lady
thank you bye Comic Con is already
starting looking good little spider-man
looking good
nearly everyone were walking by as a
crazy outfit that and this guy's yeah
like I was just hating his publicist is
so tiny look how tiny she is Oh
Angie's weren't you no no no no you're
fine we weren't even talking about you I
feel bad I should stop this and stop
this you take it personally whoa small
dogs tiny and non-existent what is he
what are you guy what if he's not even
going to comic-con let's do this well ie
murabba what's up oh yeah we're gonna
get together everyone was dressed up as
such cool things well I was wondering
why I felt so out of place and it's
because I'm literally the only dude in
this tiny little comic-con looking
Savage
didn't know this about me but I'm a geek
I love love videogames I'm really busy
now in no time but this place might be
my home I feel like I could get addicted
to coming here so easily how's your
signature your signature is great mine
does I got lucky with that one
I got lucky YouTube red October 12 maybe
this is Michael Gallagher he directed
the thin director from great director
great hair this guy kills alia Slade
he's savvy
I am he explained whoa using all my
lingo I'm honored to
yo Ashley how you about to cut through
the front of the line
you guys know Alexander first lock shut
up my boy made a shirt that says vlog
you wouldn't know this is you sex do my
boy dropped off a shirt my boy Alexander
you wouldn't know that I always say that
but alex is the one who invented that
saying in the very first vlog I'm
vlogging bro wouldn't know this boy
while you were in this year I think it
works out do you work out you wouldn't
know this vlog lifer know the best part
about this is but your skin handle I'm
kissing everybody Oh such a blue room
what's up guys I'm just blogging my life
away I'm blue no I'm a savage I dodged
it you get any on you of it I mean like
nothing I can't handle
you know Peyton you nervous no let me
alone there I was gay see that she's a
professional she's better than I am not
only they have nerf guns they got nerf
guns keep them away from Peyton please
could we not let this happen
so we played a trivia game and Peyton
won so they gave her nerf guns
that's just great guys that's just
phenomenal revenge is a dish best of
cord sure to get your tiny little
publicist Go Go I dare you I dare you
you're a tiny publicist go shoot it I
dare you have one bullet no I don't
think so tiny little puppets oh why is
this a thing this is no longer nerves
this turns into Friday the 13th okay bro
bro are you okay
okay
well it's fun seaman Barbara shoot him
in the head
oh that's my boy looking at me funny huh
what's wrong are you embarrassed you
ashamed of me huh sick bro
sick bro thanks for the support bro to
everybody that thinks this men's vlog is
worth watching
I have some disturbing heartbreaking
news for you that man over there that
you know is Logan Paul if that is your
real name thought he was just a normal
kid right that vlogs he thought he was
just a nice my moral ethical human being
this shirt that I just got him why just
put my gum dinner why not spit on this
shirt we discussed music I mean dude
dude pokemon ball contacts who are you
gonna put it on Alex is unable to wear
contacts I wore contacts for five years
so I'm gonna do the Pokemon context it's
the move probably you're creeping the
people my vlog from oh my god dude
that's so weird and a Pokemon chars are
is my favorite
what is this what is it fallout rangers
that you can hardly see cuz they blend
in with the floor wow
yeah I am
I got the director so hard he'll video
means it move the video means the moves
right moving frame so you want me to
move yeah check it out you turn a dancer
an outstanding I'm with the man the myth
the legend Stan Lee yeah I'm pretty good
no I see you on all the movies making
cameos everywhere the reason people go
to the movies you see the camera you'll
see you the movie is extra to see you
bro where's your wife
yeah crazy spank us for bonding bonding
for Bonnie I put it'll be the bonding
before you want to do this most awkward
moment with Stan Lee ever it was was it
flame it was lit it was flamed it was
Savage there's all of the above young
millennial words I can't I touched my
knuckle to signal my bonding bye guys I
love people all right so I met the
Marvel god Stanley and it's funny
because I actually I you saw I literally
just mentioned I was like yo where's
someone from Marvel here because I want
to play this character named quasar if
that comes together and I play quasar in
a Marvel movie that was a fun day at
Comic Con I got my bags and you guys
know this I'm a pretty busy guy right
now I'm actually headed to Connecticut
my family is having a little reunion in
Connecticut and I'm only an hour away
and I was like yo let's go I'm gonna see
my mom tonight which like doesn't happen
a lot cuz she lives in Ohio and I live
in Los Angeles what is happening tonight
so let's go get some food and the head
to room Connecticut what a fun day at
Comic Con man every time I come to New
York I love it and I'm always so sad
after the
where's this guy do it come on it's a
bro you follow me on Facebook my Jeep
touch my knuckle bro if that is not the
best send-off to Connecticut I don't
know what is
two hours later I made it I'm in
Connecticut with my mother my sweet
sweet mother my family say what's up
everybody
needless to say tomorrow's vlog is gonna
be right thank you guys for watching was
a fun day at Comic Con give the video a
big thumbs up and subscribe I will see
you tomorrow goodbye mom say like I say
wait you got beef bro huh we can settle
this right now doc that pollo looks dumb
on you bro that's half freaking pretty
boy
