good morning everybody to look at time
it's 5:20 a.m. which means I got four
hours of sleep under my belt which is
like six more than I needed let's go see
how I want to do right now I know what
you're thinking one Logan how did the
date go and to Logan what about these
iPhones bro what about look at the title
of the video the iPhones bro the iPhone
time to get the I both things I would
get into shortly I have to go get I'm
vlogging but I gotta go shower I got a
let's go get cleaned up stay with
something maverick maverick how are you
what what did you just say you have
Charlie running late as usual
you don't comb your hair like that man
how you doing sorry I'm talking to a
camera enjoy it enjoy you gotta enjoy it
for a wagon hashtag vlog dude you know
we do it blogger with the V so vlogger
with the luggage that's what I'm saying
Logan the vlogger vlogging Logan the
vlogging hashtag hashtag vlog dude I'm
sorry bro sorry I'm losing my mind
why are you up right now I work for
three men between the moment you're a
savage bro Savage I damage savage that
does damage I'm learning fast override
over another good day to my G
g-unit thanks for me in such a gangster
below take it easy man oh man what a fun
ride what are you gonna tell us about
the date Logan and the iPhones yeah I'm
getting there okay I'm getting there
give me a second man I'm barely awake
I'm so tired
like my face hurts my face heart is
hurting me maybe that's just like a
normal thing but oh god breakfast
yes I'm cold but I have faith that this
breakfast will warm me up good morning
bro I do an egg white omelet Oh
vegetable CIFS it was an avocado no
cheese no Jesus healthy could you make
it with love oh my gosh dude thank you
crafted by the gods of excels oh we
already already going to set all right
okay I'm gonna fork real quick mark
every time I come here it's like it
commonly it's like give them breakfast
go to set okay great you guys do the
meeting well go ahead and eat my
breakfast good call what would you say
what with your mouth I just want to eat
what my breakfast eat me 1 1 1 cut off
for the run off taking the banana
I never eat a banana before you're just
like damn that's a good one that's where
I'm at right what do you think you're
doing bro yo hey I'm the vlogger here
bro I'm the blogger bro hashtag vlog do
you know what a date last night yeah it
went really well
yeah and this girl named Chloe no big
deal what to eat sushis us you dinner
eat or just like me I'm getting there
guys once I just need to wake up and
then I'll bring the energy and tell you
about oh oh thank you the vlogger now
you you're walking around naked put some
clothes on get back in your pod I'm a
vlogger bro it's what I do hashtag
hashtag blog guys I exhausted right now
my brain is just mush I got four hours
of sleep for the third night in a row
why do you do with yourself Logan what
were you doing while uh slightly sorry
for that one yeah all right the date I'm
talking about make sure to watch
yesterday's video first don't put it
right here yesterday's video basically I
met this girl through the window of
Starbucks there's no other way to
describe it then freaking
magical you're so pretty you're so
pretty
take my number I'm giving this girl my
number through the window I was supposed
to go to China and instead of going to
China I randomly in the weirdest way met
this girl through the window of a
Starbucks we exchanged numbers well I
give her my number
i fanboy like a little girl for the next
three hours waiting for her text got it
so now I'm gonna tell you guys how to
win Chloe Chloe you're coming watches
video what's up go I don't know you
livin this girl is so cool we clicked
like two chicks and no way uh I don't
know I was referencing a biggie song I
don't think I did it right oh yeah no no
no definitely not the right reference
just a little disclaimer for those of
you specifically you Chloe when you see
this video because that's gonna be weird
you're great obviously and uh we will
hang a gaga I get nervous girl we had
such a good time it was awesome we were
vibing like like two naked hippies on
the beach everything about it was we
went to a fancy sushi place and she
showed me all the different types of
sushi to get it was a cute little thing
oh my god I'm rubbing my shaved legs
this is man discern he shaved my leg
yeah brush Canadian girl speaks fluent
fresh no accent though hello hey what's
up what I can't go naked to set today
today but if I do they'll just you make
it really fun cuz you should sit yeah
they'll just CGI clothes on cam will
they blur my why not
great yeah okay the date the whole thing
was just the weirdest like Destiny
universe thing so I went with it and I
asked her to marry me at the sushi
restaurant she said no but I'm just
kidding why would I do that god I hate
the way this character dresses man I
feel like a 28 year old Cub Scout who
just lost the Pinewood Derby my name's
Ella
boys girls yeah top of the first scene
of the day and the time is I'll tell you
right now 724 let's do this I got like
three pages of dialogue didn't study
didn't study the way to go low you know
I gotta start reconsidering my life
choices about to learn eight pages of
dialogue so take a big whip acting easy
work baby let's get it done
real talk this makeup got me looking
like Hercules the coolest part about
shooting on a school set is that it
takes you back to all those that you had
never call must escape bro yeah maverick
tell him to get back in his cage
maverick get back this is a disaster
maverick you've got to go back you don't
belong on that counter bro he hasn't
flown upstairs in like three months
all right bro I don't know I don't want
to tell you go back maverick okay don't
say that to me go back
hello sup man ready for you sir okay
yeah come I'm exhausted right now I was
trying to take a little nap in between
takes
oh the most part about this is that like
you think at lunch maybe I could relax
he'd sleep anything no no ha ha got an
audition to go to 30 minutes away
audition 30 minutes back and then back
here finish the day cool I'm running out
of breath oh my gosh it's adorable oh
here's a little not so fun fact I
haven't even looked at the lines yet
literally zero studying to get real with
you guys for a second hard work key to
life absolutely key to life right yeah
but only because my pee is lit dude pump
the ladies man I'll bang anyone right
here right now I cannot ladies man that
guy acting oh ok time to steal some food
and then head to my audition ok here we
go in a bit of a rush because I cannot
be late there and I cannot be late back
so let's do this take it to go boys
gotta eat let's do this
tell you what this is the life I have 40
minutes to drive there while I eat lunch
and learn all my lines
let's get er done please oh me the car
makes a good cafeteria alright alright
I'm here guys wish me luck
ah nope that was not the most boy known
fact he might have been dare I say the
least we know anyways let's go back to
set
good so I just got back to set and they
told me I have about an hour till I
shoot he already know what I'm about to
do oh that felt amazing tough and I feel
like a new man you can tell that I just
snapped I'm not gonna be okay yeah I'll
make it up out now brown cow unique New
York
red leather yellow leather okay yeah
cayenne sadly sells seashells down by
the seashore I'm vlogging you wouldn't
know this we know you wouldn't know this
vlog life you know you have no idea what
it's like you hold the camera like this
and you point it like this and you do
hashtag vlog dude wow this sure really
brings out my underwear the basis this
is Andrew his hairs on fleek yeah
wrapping up here like a condom during
safe sex times are mockolate person oh
this is good this is good cuz I'm
exhausted
I'm on the verge of death but no matter
I will prevail acting cool alright I rap
let's get out of here who wants to see
who won some iPhones ha ha what's up man
I need you to take me to my bed busy day
busy day is an understatement I'm going
crazy back here bro oh my gosh look at
that Sun alright I'm back in Hollywood
meaning you know what time it is
here we go massive massive thank you to
everyone who participated in the
giveaway the whole thing blew up much
much larger than I had expected and I
started to get sad sadness crying
because I wasn't crying but I was close
to cry cousin realize not everyone can
win or can they know nothing on that
makes me sad the tweet that I had you
guys are between had 123 thousand
retweets at the time of reading this who
knows how many poor souls are still rich
waiting and thinking they have a chance
to win so you're telling me there's a
chance no no no I'm saying there's no
chance give it up it's over
I am absolutely amazed by the amount of
positivity on this channel you guys are
amazing you guys are so supportive I
want to continue growing the family make
each other happy and changing kind of
but seriously you guys are awesome now I
didn't want to make this like any other
you know giveaway announcement video I
wanted to make its best so what better
way to do that and bringing my skimpy
dress my friend Brittany crew let's help
me announce the winners
congratulations Troy boy in 1990 you won
a 16 year but affluent success
graduation drug by 1990 the second
winner of the iPhone 7 hey Steve a coon
up his - bro Congrats you rock we're
number three of the iPhone 7 giveaway
this is deep 132 rose gold iPhone 7
ji-yong Burks congratulations Keith
rayon Burks here is your iPhone 7 rose
gold one hundred and thirty two
gigabytes and the 256 gigabyte iPhone 7
in matte black I know this 3/8 it's
three is not just stands just second
it's three aces embassy stands
yeah things so congratulations to the
winners of the iPhone sevens and the one
i phone six so just one fact I wasn't
thinking and I signed the the saran wrap
on the outside of the iPhone so when you
peel it off the signature is gonna
disappear I don't know how this news in
my brain
all right guys that is it for today's
vlog again thank you so much for
watching this this vote logging thing is
a blast for me I'm so tired three hours
of sleep Britney thank you for your help
I'll help you I was pushing her into
that so now you know the jokes mean yeah
bats I'm siding with you guys are great
anyways don't forget to subscribe and if
you want go ahead and subscribe and like
this video give it a big ol thumbs up I
will see you guys tomorrow breweries you
so pretty you're so pretty
take my number I'm giving this girl my
number through the window
