good morning guys time is 4:20 6 a.m.
however this vlog is a little different
because although I am saying good
morning I actually have yet to go to bed
so I'm gonna go to sleep now and then
we'll start the vlog when I wake up in
the morning ok guys it's the morning
time and it is a 10:03 a.m. the more you
get to know me the more you will get to
know that I don't really sleep Marc
started the day off look at this
beautiful day let's go get the day
started
whoops thanks I'm on FaceTime with my
father I'm gonna cook some lunch for the
for the people i'ma show how to cook
problem is I don't know how to cook what
do you recommend yeah you're right
you're right good good idea I don't know
what I was thinking okay you're right
you're right then thanks for the help
and support in my life love you thing he
just hung up on me you you're kind of an
adult I see you such adult things
he went to the to the little coffee
store on the street and sipped coffee
myself this morning listen dude you're
the only adult we have in the house
alright you got to help us cook some
food no jae-won Logan tries to cook
lunch
Marc is my only hope teach me what I
gotta do cutting the chicken up into
smaller pieces
it's like cuts your cooking time way in
half where do you learn this kind of
thing bro College they teach you that
what college what is college oh I know
what college is ah yeah
I dropped out after a year I almost
forgot but that was haha what is this
what is this it's so the chicken doesn't
stick interesting yeah I'm learning oh
I've been in charge of making the eggs
Marc I won't let you down I don't
I'm very picky about my eggs I know so
I'm gonna do this right I really messed
that one out dude damn it you had one
job admit that was a pro move dude as a
solid crappy ammo dump our moves only I
do have a question yeah
can you hit him with the one-handed crap
oh no this is that sounds difficult try
nope no chance bro amateur hour
I know I don't want to ruin the whole
meal I kind of did it let's see what you
working with here we go so the reason
you put them in small piece here that
sizzle well four minutes the cook verses
like eight minutes to cook and we're all
about time optimization here in the
social media world nobody get time for
this I'm glad we're back to cooking
instead of eating pizza yeah but the
pizza was good I got a say bro actually
dude the fact that you said that
actually just makes me sad bro all the
chicken is on there a clue oh no I may
not know much but I do know how to do
this way too much pressure lighten the
pressure that was my first time slow and
turn turn turn start there he goes oh my
gosh mark I'm thankful for you in my
life no I got you bro has that as the
adult in this house it's my duty to show
you the ropes I'm living if we could get
you to clean sometimes that'd be great
what does this click what is it clean
the board you say yes thing you never
never heard of it I don't know what that
is all jokes aside guys come on I know
how to cook chicken I'm an adult I know
the big eggs you just failed making eggs
and you didn't cook the chicken I just
need help and you the foreman you see
how it's dirty I keep it on and I wet it
paper towel and to clean it you're
screwing this a wet paper towel mark and
that cleans it
shoot these these cooking life hacks are
amazing mark honestly dude as long as
you have a mark you don't need to go to
college yeah
proud of you Logan this is my production
time ready
I told you guys I'm not joshing I know
how to cook eggs I know how to put them
on plate okay there's a college degree
don't eat it I'm a days ha what do you
do next
what are you gonna do next eleven you
clean the pan right now that's part of
adulthood I don't like this bro bro we
did good today yeah we we I mean like we
made a good meal like check this out oh
and I also want to remind you guys
iPhone 7 giveaway there it is you could
win one the moment of truth
let's see how I did I'm why am i mixing
I shouldn't do that bro my leg about my
chickens horrible bro bro is hold its
hole is so bad it's just trying sad few
moments later
right now we're going to my brother's
house he's doing this thing called
Sunday fun day if it's not fun if it's
not fun Jake I'm coming for you boy
they're coming for you breathe
what is this move this is my color yo
move your car I'm just kidding I know
that girl actually a funny story funny
story about this girl how do we know
each other
Highschool my first ever girlfriend ever
we're both from Ohio and now we're in
Cali and she's still parking in front of
me just like the good old days I don't
have you guys have seen my car but this
is the love of my life
look at this the purple passion Beauty
purple Paisley amazing amazing oh and
the best part look at the license plate
bro it's semi makes me a choch having
that license plate but semis like that's
kind of a cool thing oh my gosh look at
that beauty
look at that beauty right there that is
a sexy car my brother's house Jake Paul
Jake doesn't know Beth is coming and
they know each other Jake Jake was
around when I was dating Beth for a bit
of time so it's gonna be a nice little
surprise what if he's not surprised at
all what if he does is no reaction
because Jake is like I don't know like
it's not easy to impress no all the way
from Ohio bro they're bossy
honestly the partner was a bit too much
for Logan so I came in the bathroom to
hang out I decided I couldn't do the
party so I came into Jake's room
surprised she come in your room and I
see a ladder leading up to potentially
the roof so let's do this
haha oh yes I'm doing it okay okay it'll
make a great blog Oh what are you doing
oh this is dumb this is sick and my
brother has a sick house this is awesome
are you okay don't fall please but if
you do at least let me get on camera wow
wow this is awesome they probably get
some savage tans up here I could really
use that especially on my pale shaven
leg oh it's disgusting I only see one
leg is bad yo yo yo yo catch me can you
scream bro I'm gonna jump catch me will
you catch me if I fall all right good
talk buddy I'll see you later
everybody turn around so I can get a
dope thumbnail you're helping me get a
good thumbnail thank you people gonna
click the video cuz you
I don't know anyone else what's up man I
know this guy I do it the best is
allergic to pineapple
there's people right there that's a
camera lens
well seconds later get back in the dark
Logan Georgie I'm here I'm here just in
your face holy guacamole you ever have
like those moments where like for no
reason you just get so tired
that's what happen to me man I'm
snoozing right now Jesus I gotta wake up
Sunday's are perfect for like Ian we've
all done this with you gets just sucked
into YouTube just watching the dumbest
things on planet Earth here I'm watching
animals fight each other so this is kind
of interesting check this out Jaguar
reverse crocodile look at this Jaguar
beat up this little alligator yeah that
is convenience guy you said it alright
I'm done I'm done watching animals fight
each other okay I actually have stuff to
do yeah that's right done makes up into
the deep hole that is the Internet and
oh snap octopus versus shark Oh
shark you gotta do something get out of
there bro he's sucking you with a ton of
cool I'm in too deep
man I'm I've been watching way too many
animals fight each other tonight I'm
done I'm done with this so we're going
to get food cost of this jacket doubles
as a parachute which is cool we always
have like daily dilemma where to get
food what do we decide I'm still
deciding but we're walking in the
directions up still decide to eat pizza
we've got pizza or melt melt and grilled
cheeses
no cheese cheese bread so many options
man came to this place with some on
house
damnit admit we did good dude lunch
doesn't eatin my sweet potato fries it
was just super healthy right the other
day it's all about personality yeah and
how many chocolate chip cookies you can
eat I'm gonna fill a can why I could set
a world record for that do you think you
love chocolate chip cookies you go okay
are you listening you don't I love them
get his son get his son get his son
dance like no one's watching
there it is good moves will twerk with
you later after a night of watching
animals fight each other and eating a
delicious burger and a cookie I'm
signing off for today I will see you
guys tomorrow
thank you for watching don't forget to
subscribe bye guys guys I have for four
for iPhones here iPhone 6 16 gigabyte
silver iPhone 7 32 gigabytes matte black
- 7 128 gigabytes in rose gold and the
big dog the head honcho the top dog I
put 7 matte black 256 gigabytes my
