what is up people of the internet my
name is Logan Paul and welcome to my
vlog channel that's right I'm vlogging
now you get to see more of me hahaha
sick right have this channel I'm gonna
post things that I think are dope that's
my rule it's cool if I'm traveling
something cool like that gonna post it
blog blog blog hashtag vlog did so for
this first vlog I am going to show you
guys the unedited never-before-seen
extra note is edit uh
uncut unedited raw for I am going to
show you guys the footage from my
experience at Burning Man probably not
the smartest thing for my career but
enjoy oh boy
okay good morning guys today I'm going
to a little festival called Burning Man
please maverick I'm making it well
anything for Burning Man I'm not gonna
be here for we love you maverick
6:00 in the morning off to the airport
Burning Man here I go thank you bye
buddy
no turning back now landed in Reno
Nevada now we're gonna take a to our RV
trip to the campground at a Black Rock
Desert it's called the Black Rock does
it looks like looks fun my friends are
all at this resort slash casino they're
in the poker room
so here's what's happening right now we
are recharging the s you the RV not an
SUV way to go though I didn't graduate
college it's not much hope of young good
stuff up there where are you going Oh
last name be Paul I know Roman like
crisp smells afforded oops no don't have
to pay him off with cash good thing he
didn't get by my little paper pets they
must also make a tropical metaphysical
analytical critical measurement miracle
miracle whipping the Whipple
Philadelphia Cream Cheese we're out here
roughing it these people came prepared
Jesus mother these are as thick as my
future stop to get some gargles but
before we do that let me just show you
what our bikes are yeah sweet dude
cruisers not pink cruisers not just any
cruisers we just don't compete with
those ones it's a cute little town the
nowhere water water
it's not even burning man it's already
getting weird god this is the way to go
look at all these goggles trust me bro
this thing we can get better goggles
ominous I'm happy with like the blues
and yellows man even though I refused to
set up with some a poor local boo boo
goggles like the oh wow Cash Money money
game flashing when you squat squat eight
singles nonsense yo this camera makes me
look dope bro I remember you
I'm vlogging bro you wouldn't know this
we would understand you have to hold the
camera when you speak like this and you
point like that but really I'm just
talking but my hand is like this I'm a
vlogger bro never good enough nobody
respects me I just want to be loved
look at me enjoy 30 minutes of bullshit
I like to purchase these goggles all
right cool good talk guy a big bug eyes
bird so hard I see it are we going
airplane mode I'm not going airplane
mode I'm going
Oh Oh adios doing it here we go phones
off phone number to turning off goodbye
where are we so much dust you can do it
Joey won't care if you don't have a
ticket you're gonna believe in my spirit
but if you got to talk to it I see the
spirit with no ticket good luck
shut the door the dungeon coming in Joey
Joey boy it's really gonna fuck my
penance
I'm worried about Joey and my double
channel he's he's joking he's joking
back to Reno baby you know you're lying
no we'll explain everything we'll see
best walk your dog bye Joey and they
never saw Joey again
back I think Joe come on look they're
easy right there he says a guy is gonna
sell him a ticket for $200 do we need to
be done Joey he's doing it in my work
get out y'all people are flying into
Burning Man on their flying little bike
things the key is to be smarter than the
door hi somebody advice we could do it
oh oh this is the first step on the
playa okay almost I'm good
I'm a born I am on the playa baby
Burning Man baby yeah it's so dusty guys
this cameras gonna get dust yourself we
have spent the last hour hour and a half
just setting up our RV we have not gone
anywhere if we made the bed we put the
luggage in the right spot look at this
guy look at this guy dude this place is
already just gorgeous we're gonna go
around the playa tonight welcome to
bikes episode 1 here we got the water
jug a bike walk and a makeshift little
basket here oh the best part about it
wait for it wait for it BAM
way to get the good lights well you get
the good lights this is bull everyone's
got a floppy dildo this is incredible
it's part I promise it needed to be done
a long time ago Oh Oh God Burning Man
day one we already gonna eat cake never
made a vlog from Burning Man around the
first one cuz I'm done yeah wanted to
pants but then I thought that's what I
normally would do so I went you're right
my pants are off my pants are off it's
official let's rock out with that turn
the lights on
oh that's awesome
I like that and the squad is officially
off doing the races
Burning Man baby we burning
hook of the week bro oh what a great
book the first impression of Burning Man
honestly I cannot believe this is real
life turn my phone up I'm gonna be off
of the next week I'm gonna default man I
want to shed my cocoon and the vol
become a new man first nights gonna be
ice exploring the playa yeah get our
bearings down find out where we are so
that's the people with our giant bike
we'll see you guys tomorrow when we are
exploring the flyer can I squat
Wow that night was pretty wild
you
