of course is hollow it's a pumpkin it's
just like like that hurts that hurts
right but the thought process is the
faster I go the less is gonna hurt like
just commit yeah yeah great logic if I
break my hand we'll be pissed I needed
to masturbate way to ease your right or
left hand he's right-handed no it
depends I'm laying what time of day it
is season here's the issue
we got as you guys know in the front
yard we owned the world's largest
pumpkin and there was a soft spot in it
the other day got hit by a truck or
something and I was able to actually
like punch through it
Oh what if I could do that in not the
soft spot you guys know I'm a box from
now thanks to my my brand-new coach
Milton Lacroix Lacroix now you guys know
I box the other youtuber this year still
don't know when the rematch is for that
by the way yeah I got some thinking I
was like yo how cool would it be if I
could literally box my way through the
world's largest pump and by the way it's
we thought we'd start small with that
bad boy right there you look like a
bitch I'm gonna be punching away at that
big one for hours so look if you guys
are not subscribed make sure you punch
the shit out of that subscribe button
from my Mavericks out there the ones who
are doing a different the ones who are
gonna change the world check out this
new merch actually I don't think it's
released yet it's coming soon but we did
just drop a bunch of new stuff from
Logan Paul calm slash shop for a link in
description shop buy it get it hey man
thanks that plug coach oh yeah get those
wrists tight I'm just gonna picture ksi
in the rematch has it just wail on this
pumpkin just punching a pumpkin make me
a sociopath I mean it really kind of
depends on like which pumpkin you're a
the world's biggest pumpkin it does
right yo I was Joe Rogan mentioned me on
his podcast recently he said he said
Dana White should absolutely let me
fight in the UFC did you see that Logan
Paul is in way better way better than CM
Punk Logan Paul like actually knows how
to fight
he had a boxing match with that other
you yeah but I was watching him throw
punches in that fight I'm like this is a
guy who actually knows how to punch
because they know I was talking he's
like
in the UFC I should be arrested if I
ever let him fight in the UFC I should
be arrested who knows man if I make it
through this pumpkin I belong in the UFC
UFC gonna have the biggest fight I wanna
be like you a fighter I'm gonna be
honest with you still get over my
breakup you know I feel like I'm gonna
take out any anger I have or frustration
on these pumpkins you look like you're
handling it pretty well dude really
okay I can barely tell Thanks I'm about
to break my hand or become the most epic
youtuber in the history of the planet
this is just a warm-up after this it's
got the biggest pumpkin in the world I
go I can do this easy we don't even have
to carve this pumpkin it's already
perfect circle's your house smells like
that good for you man if you go full
sand full commitment you're kind of okay
the issue is this 120 200 pounds is a
lot bigger and a lot harder Oh bro it is
moldy it looks like a big old piece of
pizza in here hey man I got a question
for you so what kind of pizza are you
eating vegan pizza Oh again just a
demonstration how hard this is oh my god
how long do you think I'm gonna be here
just slugging away at this pumpkin at
least six or nine hours six to nine
hours yeah my favorite hours I'm lonely
man you look like you're handling it
pretty well
it's it's tough cuz the whole it's hard
all around like look how thick it may be
12 inches 12 inches of thickness on
every side and it sucks I things to do
tonight oh look a little bitter
discoloring that could be our in alright
milton love me while i do this Danny can
you make that jack-o'-lantern like that
that's that honestly it's too beautiful
okay cool
hey Danny do we have that other thing
that I wanted
oh yeah that's yeah that's it would you
mind putting that right where I'm gonna
hit Thank You Danny yeah I just needed a
little extra motivation to get through
this pumpkin man oh well short-lived fun
while it lasted
it hurts
am i punching right you start to get
fatigued bro good this is Ron sakes
right here oh hey don't feel good let's
take my shirt off I think it's a problem
March don't forget slash stop shop slash
stop shop you heard of here first I'm
not gonna lie bro this this pumpkins are
not fatigued at all and I was trying to
build your confidence but I feel like
it's getting slightly discolored am I
wrong Oh any way we can just soften this
up a little bit we have to bro because
it would be here Oh
oh my God look you're smoking your
lattes ready hey pumpkin
do you even vapor oh oh oh just
disappointing what would I peel off a
layer of skin that's cuz I had a
flamethrower man cuz that wasn't even me
ah
I'm not gonna lie I want this I want
this really bad like I said I'll stay
out here all night if I need to buckle
up boys it's gonna be a long night
Jay Paul no can pull
oh my god holy shit ah yeah really
perseverance my hands are shaking this
is beautiful this could be our Halloween
jack-o'-lantern in fact give me the
flamethrower oh there we go there she is
there she is oh this is the best
Halloween ever
okay guys I think that's it I'm
exhausted if you're not a part of the
low gang make sure to subscribe because
not only do we have the world's biggest
pumpkin but we also have the world's
biggest now converted jack-o'-lantern
god damn I love Halloween and listen
folks if you have not yet in the game or
link in description
