the MTV Video Music Awards was Sunday
night and an audience tuned in to see
how the show would attempt to address
the elephant in the room and by elephant
I mean the state of the world host Katy
Perry tried her hand at some topical
humor today's news oh I do need to catch
up that's correct
the world is on fire great Wow
then she tried again it's Jess I'm at
the airport headed a fire festival and
again when a Hillary Clinton becomes
president I promise to put out a
timeless record that everybody loves
green but the internet wasn't having any
of it besides they didn't tune in for
dated references they were watching for
the premiere of Taylor Swift's music
video to accompany her courageously
self-referential news song and it didn't
disappoint provided what you were hoping
for was a courageously self-referential
video as subtle as Taylor Swift holding
a Grammy in a car on fire which I
believe we have footage of the video
ended with this beautifully
cringe-worthy meta moment in which
Taylor Swift managed to cram in more
Taylor Swift's so they could all talk
about Taylor Swift stop making that
surprise face it's so annoying you can't
possibly be that surprised all at the
time of course it wouldn't be a pop
culture event in 2017 without the
dissonance that occurs when the pop
culture machine attempts sincerity Paris
Jackson call that racism before
remembering that she had a job to do we
have zero tolerance for their violence
their hatred and their discrimination
we must resist
and now the nominees for best pop video
and after a direct descendant of robert
e lee introduced heather hi as mother
and overdressed Haley Baldwin introduced
a performance of do you think I'm sexy
give it up in a show that included the
two extremes of TV Katy Perry on a giant
basketball and a stage populated by
suicide survivors fans were left feeling
much like Ed Sheeran's seem to feel
confused and underwhelmed but thank you
too
it's not vote it is it well thank you to
all the fans and thank you to my record
label Jason Carney who's made my videos
on this album and yeah Cheers
yep Cheers
