this weekend more than 500 neo Nazis
marched fibber Lin in the largest
fascist rally the city has seen in more
than a decade the glorification of the
Nazi era is a criminal offense in
Germany with a prison term of up to
three years and rallies of this scale in
size have been consistently banned but
last week
Berlin authorities granted the Nazis
permission to march on the grounds of
free speech as part of the deal the
rallies organizers agreed to certain
restrictions including censored chanting
and a limit on flags and drums more than
a thousand police were on hands to
screen the neo-nazis for weapons and
separate them from a crowd of nearly
2,000 anti-fascist protesters this is a
span now districts of Berlin where in
1987 Adolphe Hitler's right-hand man
Rudolf Hess allegedly committed suicide
his death has become a neo-nazi
anniversary drawing thousands to rally
in support of Nazi ideology across
Germany today
but the Nazi supporters here after
events in America are even more wary of
the press are normal why don't you want
him to talk to a little bit have you
seen what's happened in America with
charlottesville in mind our Kennedy but
the first what's interesting about this
rally and how it compares with what we
saw happen in Charlottesville is you
haven't got the same sort of Nazi
symbolism it's forbidden to show flags
with a swatted scar or something like
this so they use these old flags because
that's our the colors but also there are
some regulations from the demonstrators
there by himself because I wanted to
show a picture of a good white guy
fabian works closely with the far-right
community in berlin as a case worker for
an NGO aiming to reintegrate former
neo-nazis back into society so you think
that what happened in the US could
galvanize neo-nazis in other countries
the German right-wing scene recognized
what happened in America they share
pictures who are laughing about the
death of had a higher so they see
there's something happening and they
think maybe that's a way to empower the
sea
to do more here in Germany with the
counter protesters blocking the official
routes and thousands of police bordering
all sides of the rally tensions within
both camps begin to rise
so the neo-nazis it just changed
direction because that way has been
brought by anti-nazi professors but it's
all just kicked off now police have had
a few some people charlottesville have
you not seen what happens if you just
let them are - nothing what they want
leaving the Nazis to do their means
people will die at the hand of these
Nazis that's why we're here that's why
we're not agreeing with the cops in the
state no this is not a right for Nazis
Nazis have no right to walk on the
street and intimidate the out of
racist sign
you
