tonight Trump dumps fuel on the fire
I think there's blame on both sides and
I have no doubt about it and you don't
have any doubt about it either
ripped apart by deportation and the
world's most incomprehensible video game
Iranian president Hassan rouhani said
that if America keeps imposing new
sanctions Iran could quit the 2015
nuclear deal and restart its nuclear
program in a matter of hours earlier
this month President Trump approved
sanctions on Iran's missile program
rouhani said Iran wants to stick with
the deal emphasized it wasn't the only
option rescue workers in Sierra Leone
are racing to find survivors a day after
the country's deadliest mudslide in
decades killed at least 300 people the
early-morning mudslide on Monday
devastated parts of region the
mountainous town on the outskirts of the
capital city Freetown it buried dozens
of homes along with the people sleeping
inside them officials believe the death
toll will rise as another 600 people are
believed missing I to keep people to
copses to dead
both children we are we are in uniform
do you ever get into school a web
hosting provider is refusing a Justice
Department search warrant demanding the
IP addresses of 1.3 million visitors to
a web site that organized protests at
president Trump's inauguration the
company called DreamHost
says the warrant quote chills free
association and the right of free speech
afforded by the Constitution the
disputes been going on for months the
court hearing is scheduled for Friday in
Washington at least five business
leaders have quit president Trump's
manufacturing council after his failure
to condemn a white nationalist rally in
Charlottesville that left one person
dead and dozens injured Richard Trumka
president of the afl-cio accused the
president of tolerating bigotry and
domestic terrorism he joined the heads
of the Alliance for American
manufacturing
Under Armour Intel and Merck
pharmaceuticals the president lashed out
on Twitter saying he could easily
replace any leader who quit the council
and calling them grandstand errs
firefighters are battling wildfires
across Europe for the third day in a row
and in Greece a state of emergency has
been declared in the area northeast of
Athens one government official blamed
that fire on arson and Portugal crews
are trying to contain around a hundred
and fifty wildfires that have injured
more than 50 people
president Trump's started the day with a
little bit of distance from one of the
worst blunders of his short presidency
he ended the day by making things a
whole lot worse this afternoon at an
event that was supposed to be about
infrastructure he couldn't help himself
he basically canceled out the statement
as aides wrote for him yesterday where
he actually condemned the KKK neo-nazis
and white supremacist and made very
clear what he President Donald Trump
really thinks I think there's blame on
both sides and I have no doubt about it
and you don't have any doubt about it
either define alt-right to me you define
what about the alt left that came
charging at the as you say the alt right
and honestly if the press were not fake
and if it was honest the press would
have said what I said was very nice wait
a minute I'm not finished
I'm not finished vagueness this week
it's robert e lee i noticed that
stonewall jackson's coming down was
george washington a slave owner so will
George Washington now lose his status
are we gonna take down excuse me are we
going to take down are we going to take
down statues to George Walker so you
know what it's fine you're changing
history you're changing culture there
was a group on this side you can call
him the left you've just called him the
left that came violently attacking the
other group and you see them come with
with the black outfits and with the
helmets and with the baseball bats
you've got a you had a lot of bad you
had a lot of bad people in the other
group trip this isn't just another bad
day for off-the-cuff presidential
messaging it's a full-blown moral crisis
for the presidency and it's going to
have real consequences on a political
level this is going to isolate Trump
even more the trickle of Republicans
distancing themselves from him could now
become a torrent priorities like an
infrastructure plan are going to become
damn near impossible but more
importantly the comments today have real
ramifications for American society the
disaster in Charlottesville
and in part because the worst of the
racist fringe felt empowered by the
election of Donald Trump while the
president has often winked at his white
nationalist support today he made that
support all but explicit but you also
had people that were very fine people on
both sides you had people in that group
excuse me excuse me I saw the same
pictures as you did you had people in
that group that were there to protest
the taking down of to them a very very
important statue and the renaming of a
park from robert e lee to another name
those comments are sure to lead to even
deeper division that's dangerous for a
presidency because people often joke
when a president does something they
don't like that he's not their president
but today Donald Trump has given people
a real reason to think he isn't
charlottesville was quiet today the
white supremacists and counter
protesters have mostly gone home and UVA
students won't be arriving for fall
semester until later this week things
were still eerie here but you do get a
sense of solidarity from people walking
around the mall downtown even if they're
still in shock what happened here has
had an obvious impact across the country
and officials in other southern states
have begun making urgent calls to remove
Confederate memorials before they become
flashboards of violence and unrest in
Durham authorities are considering
criminal vandalism charges against
activists who took matters into their
own hands on Monday and took down a
confederate memorial outside a
courthouse
but stripping the south of its
Confederate strides isn't going to be
simple or easy drive 30 miles north of
robert e lee Elementary School in
Petersburg Virginia and you'll cross
over the robert e lee memorial bridge
and into downtown richmond we're at the
center of lee's circle sits a bronze
robert e lee monument it's one of three
remaining statues dedicated solely to
the confederate general including the
one in Charlottesville those at the
center of this weekend's protests still
more than 100 historical markers carry
his name Confederate monuments are
unsurprisingly concentrated in southern
states but the legacy of the Confederacy
made its way as far west as a robert e
lee Elementary School in East Wenatchee
Washington and the robert e lee
campgrounds in boise idaho as of last
year there are about 1500 Confederate
symbols still in public spaces but why
do all these monuments commemorating the
side that lost the Civil War exist in
the first place
professor Kirk savage explains that
Confederate monuments first started
popping up in the 1890s and they were
never just tributes to fallen heroes
there was a really big systematic push
to promote the history of the
Confederacy and the so-called lost cause
that was largely engineered by women's
groups like the United Daughters of the
Confederacy which had a very overt and
systematic plan to rewrite textbooks to
erect public monuments that would
establish the true history of the war
Confederate symbols surged in the early
20th century and in 1917 52 years after
the Civil War ended the Charlottesville
statue of Lee was commissioned the
statue reframes the narrative around the
losing general by presenting him in a
position of power atop his horse
traveler who is said to buck any black
servant who tried to ride him it's
basically a metaphor of command
the person riding the animal is the
commander of the horse and therefore by
extension the commander of men blacks
who are almost never represented in the
19th century in sculpture are put in a
very different position typically a
subordinate position is of rien
describes forever in the relation of
white domination and now generations
later people have come to see these
statues as symbols of southern power and
dominance with the removal they feel
their history is under threat
I understand how the removal of the
statute now can be framed as they're
stealing our history and I think it's a
smart move on their part but it's it's a
very false framing and that's why the
decision to keep or remove these statues
has become so controversial it's very
hard because it requires taking a long
hard look at our national history and
trying to come to grips with the truth
of that you start to pry a part of
national mythology and part of the
problem is that you know our national
mythology has been built on this
oppression of African Americans so it
opens up a Pandora's box I think
particularly for the whites who have
benefited from this history of
oppression for so long it's a very very
fundamental problem and that's what you
see just like erupting in
Charlottesville
yeah yeah he was supposed to be a
stocking me three or four times a week
yamir Opio Quinto Cruz walks to a cyber
cafe down the street from his apartment
he types a phrase into YouTube and
watches images of his five children move
across the screen
Yemi lost custody of his children three
years ago after he was deported there
are now 57 home movies of the kids on
YouTube posted by their adoptive family
yameen has watched every minute of them
over and over we decided not to show the
kids faces there's been wonderful
animated experiment think annoyed that
was no sleep or nails it look at all the
media calling from the upholstery travel
too much time the American child welfare
system is designed to always give
priority to the biological parent even
if they've committed a felony or
sentenced to decades in prison and
according to international law
families should only be separated as a
last resort but when a parent is
deported from the US their rights aren't
always protected this is how one such
parent came to be separated from his
children
yum eat was 16 when he left the couple
uncle and crossed the border through the
desert on foot without papers he settled
in a trailer park in Jonesboro Georgia
and met the mother of his children three
years later at a gas station off of
interstate 75 India which English the
Hosea según allow focus biological
intent our local over the next eight
years
yeah Mead and his girlfriend living on
his wages as an electrician had four
children together plus one from another
father the yummy Dre's does his own they
never married they argued often both he
and his ex who asked not to be named in
the story told us the same thing even
though their fights were heated he never
hit her nevertheless jamia was arrested
for domestic violence three times the
third time the neighbors called the cops
proved to be the last on the advice of
his court-appointed lawyer Yami to plead
guilty not realising this would lead to
his deportation for candy stick ACC was
good Paola porque usted es Olivia
Hallisey in the court so yeah
curiosity because my skin is a severe
alcohol two days before Christmas 2011
Immigration and Customs Enforcement
but yeah meeting on a one-way flight to
Mexico eight months later Georgia's
Department of Family and Children's
Services known as D Fox visited yummiest
children and found them unattended the
five kids the oldest of whom was eight
years old
were put in foster care records showed
that their mother never visited them and
later tested positive for meth and
marijuana yummy de was desperate to
return to the US and reunite with his
children he ended up making six separate
attempts to cross the border and serving
three federal prison sentences adding up
to two years for illegal reentry on one
occasion he requested to serve his time
in Atlanta so he'd be closer to the kids
and could try to see them from prison he
repeatedly contacted defects the
juvenile court and the Mexican Consulate
with no luck documents show that yummy
pleaded with immigration officials to
bring his children with him to Mexico
but ice did not act on his
Qwest pull on a poodle alderman angel
da-da-da-da-dah visit our associates no
pull a communique mean today but it was
told to very pero con determined for a
via telephony on september 9th 2014
nearly three years after he was deported
from the US
yameen lost the kids for good he was in
Tijuana when he got the call
yo lovely por telefono he is a
commentary okay a little meant for Kerry
incoming Towson he was pours
porous polka nothing to finish but on
Telecom Oppo you said possibly came and
tell me the salami to police and the
medical my loss empty you know you that
me like a Samara community city okay no
one tracks these kinds of cases although
one nonprofit estimated in 2011 that
more than 5,000 kids were in foster care
under similar circumstances
familias Superman to post Edmonton okay
as George's child advocate Tom Rawlings
oversees the state's child welfare
system and is acutely aware of its flaws
including the way it often treats
deported parents is a deportation
treated by the system intentionally or
otherwise as a form of abandonment it
should not be the families should not
have borders you are still a parent
regardless of where you are and I think
under our state national and really
international law that is the way it is
supposed to be our federal and state
child welfare system are designed to
reunite children with parents
yaa media has seen his children on
family vacations to national parks
he's watched them celebrate their
birthdays and go about their daily lives
in their new home he noticed that some
of his kids have new names during the
NATO the christening
is a finalist based on their knees here
opens Arya Stark a column on the core of
electronic community of envoy for other
not nervous questions dr. Morales
encontramos it a matter personally
person for the time potentially surah
tehreem temple awesome
yes develop Tomas had report on
terrorism
dota is an online multiplayer game
that's so popular its championship
trophy comes with an 11 million dollar
prize it takes thousands of hours to
learn DotA's wools
and most people give up long before they
achieve basic understanding dexter
thomas went to DotA's championship
tournament to see if anyone could
explain the world's most annoyingly
complex video game
a ticket to the dota tournament costs
over $100 and nearly 17,000 people paid
that and five million more watch the
free broadcast online there's teams of
commentators at the arena the broadcast
live analysis of the games in English
Chinese and Russian but if you aren't
already a dota fan it doesn't really
matter what language it's in it's all
gonna sound pretty fun this is Shannon
Scott but his fans know him by his gamer
tags Suns fan he has a huge following on
his gaming broadcasts and he even co
founded his own professional dota team
he's also passionate about getting
newcomers into dota so if you need
something to explain the game view
Shannon you got it this is basically my
first experience with dota a period
right I'm a little bit overwhelmed to be
expected and it's not like I don't play
games cuz I do
this is life so start me on the basics
how do you explain dota to somebody who
has no idea what's going on the way I
would try to describe it is it's 5 vs. 5
online play players will choose a hero
which there are 100 plus of there are a
ton of heroes to choose from and each of
them have their own skill set so the
objective there's three lanes it's
already getting complicated yeah there's
three lanes to a level let's say you
start on one side the other team starts
on the other and the idea is to push the
other team to the other side and kill
their base it's obviously easier if you
play a bit but dota is just one of those
games that the base level is very high
which is why you know the barrier to
entry is one of the worst in all of you
sports for sure so how many hours would
you say you put in I think locked out
right now I'm at like 2
100 I'm approximately 1070 right now so
y'all are experts no no the the hours
haven't been kind of know me even the
pros they have stuff to learn so
it's and that's definitely one of the
and you know enticing qualities
you can always get better everyone warns
me how like oh this is such a steep
learning curve and I'm like perfect
that's right Lu me a clash of titans
here going the distance to start off day
one winner of this match already
guaranteed of 1 million dollars this
could be the real first blood change to
start follow from Kuro crush comes
through and
the badges that was first letter that
was the first year of dying to get
Lincoln somebody killed us yes and here
they're gonna they're gonna kill this
the try to kill this guy
or dead five-zero death
ladies when I use fireplace they've got
the control the position is theirs
the game is theirs the series is theirs
at top six
watching dota as a beginner is kind of
like watching a really intricate game of
tug-of-war except with goblins imagine
you understand 5% kind of I mean I
understand now why people are hating
each other which is good it's step it's
very difficult let's just don't preach
this how does it turn for a lot of
people like I said once you hit a
certain fine intro it's very rewarding
are you just really into getting other
people to the culture that just comes
with any passion if you're passionate
about something doesn't matter how nerdy
it is you want people to feel the same
way you do for me it's just it's my
literally my life if I'm not passionate
about what the is the point you
know
guys are just playing the jams that was
great that reminds me of when I was
younger my mom used to put on disco
Saturday night on the radio to do the
dishes that's what I feel Saturday night
disco Saturday night so if you were
gonna ask when we would put that song on
doing the dishes on a Saturday
I love those pork changes like so
satisfying always when a song just says
that kind of descending chromatic kind
of chord change and then look in the
course that kind of like goes major and
I always love when let's let's do that
it's like a lift
yeah what mood would I be in sadness so
put that on if I was really just I feel
like it reminds it when I listen we
listen to Cat Power driving home from
high school yeah what is he saying he's
saying DeRose Derrick Rose Oh anything I
think everybody should listen to that
song I would listen to that blasted in
my car yeah probably an excuse car
actually cuz SEO listens to music really
loud okay strap DeRose dude that's vice
news tonight for Tuesday August 15th
you
you
