after hardly any warning we were woken
up from our beds in our hotel at 4 a.m.
and told that we have to get on the bus
we didn't know where we were going to go
who had taken to her building around
longings are confiscated
we were brought down here this is the
first stop of the press tour we arrived
a witness an opening ceremony over these
streets the eerie tranquility stood in
sharp contrast to the hysteria that was
gripping the news media everywhere else
in a perfect example of the information
blackout between North Korea and the
rest of the world what was anticipated
to be a nuclear announcement was
actually the unveiling of a new Plaza
that had been gifted to the city by
their leader
clearly the people here don't seem to
know that the eyes of the world very
much upon North Korea and that it's for
a very different reason than the
inauguration of a brand new Street
while the world news talked of nuclear
war our government minders took us to
something rather less threatening
this trip to the children's palace would
be the first stop on a sightseeing
schedule which is the staple of any
visit to North Korea a carefully curated
PR tour designed to give an impression
of stability and prosperity in a place
on the brink of war
so all of these pieces of art in this
room were made by kids here between the
ages of 6 and 16 and underneath each
piece there's a plaque which says their
name and that age they were when they
made it they looked like they were all
done by adults maybe that's the point
this is an exhibition center of flowers
namely two types of flower which are
named after the founding father at the
DPRK and his son they are called the Kim
song Elia and the Kim Jong Elia what's
the significance of the rocket the
success of record two flowers and
rockets that one's a submarine-launched
ballistic missile
yeah yeah
