in a surprise announcement today
President Trump said he's pushing to
declare the opioid epidemic and national
emergency which would free up federal
funding and loosen restrictions to help
combat the crisis but just days ago
Health and Human Services Secretary Tom
Price said the administration would not
be declaring a national emergency
because the opioid crisis does not meet
the criteria and the move was
unnecessary the administration may be at
odds with itself with the latest federal
data is clear the death rate from drug
overdoses is going up and reached a new
record in 2016 as overdose deaths climb
another drug narcan has become an
unfortunate necessity it can reverse
overdose symptoms within minutes
bringing addicts back from the brink of
death narcan is all too familiar to the
residents of Middletown Ohio population
48,000 which is on track to see double
the number of overdoses as last year if
I see them if they've been doing good
and then I see them and they're
obviously using again also I've been
known to pull over make u-turns in the
street and say what are you doing Jerry
Lewis calls herself a missionary since
you moved here six years ago
she's been voluntarily driving the
streets of Middletown Ohio looking to
help addicts get clean I'd say the last
two to three years it seems like it's
just getting worse as far as era one we
see more kids three four years old
coming to the park without supervision
and then when you ask their story and
you learn mom's usually hi at home three
or four-year-old children yes hi
themselves by themselves there's Josh I
have food for you Lewis tries to check
in regularly with this homeless couple
he's overdosed and been revived with
narcan several times do you want to get
your stuff and meet us somewhere
I rely on their mind I feel about trying
uncle with that well she's upset I
wouldn't give her cash but I believe
exacting I'd say he's a going off
overdoses in Middletown has become so
common people post them on a local
Facebook page it is frustrating because
it seem like there's a solution to stop
the constant reviving of the same people
over and over and over again I think
that as long as someone has potential
breasts or life that we need to do all
we can to breed that into them when
we're not then we're letting people die
that is our choice and it's not a good
choice so that people died the -
Middletown that choice of whether or not
to save people has become controversial
in June City Councilman Dan Picard
proposed that the city's first
responders should not be dispatched to
save addicts with narcan who overdosed
for a third time it's out of control and
I'm sorry it's been out of control for
60 years at $30 pay now condos the city
is on track to spend $100,000 on the
drug this year only a small fraction of
the city's budget for almost nine times
more than they spent last year but
Picard says Middletown budget simply
can't handle the resource train overdose
it can create we're spending all of our
money helping them while they're engaged
in some legal illegal activity which
only benefits themselves and I'm sorry
they're a real problem for society after
a vocal backlash and threats of lawsuits
Picard withdrew the proposal people
would say or with that you're swapping
dullness alive no I'm making a choice we
have to make a decision about where
we're going to send our resources and if
it continues the way it is yeah people
will die because we will not get to them
but unfortunately what's going to happen
is that heart attack victims are going
to die
car crash people are going to die
because we're out doing these other runs
tickets proposal has sparked a heated
debate in Middletown if the city can't
save everyone
who deserves to get help if there wasn't
the safety net there and they thought
that hey this could end me right now pop
I'm gonna quit it right there do you
think so because if someone's addicted
we're going to heroin they're not going
to care if they've got a safety net or
not they're going to die off all right
they still die off I do I do and I think
that's one way that you get rid of it
giving people are seriously considering
medicine all my lord I hear it all the
time
I think they should cut it and let them
weed themselves out they're choosing to
do it they know it can kill them what do
you think about what Nancy Kahn said you
know my initial thought was I agreed
with him you know because I you know
being a part of this community sometimes
it makes you hard at the same time in
the humanitarian and I just couldn't at
the end of the day if someone was laying
in front of me dying I couldn't allow
that to happen
even though peapods ordinance was shot
down he says just proposing it has an
effect in the months since it made news
overdose emergency responsibly town fell
from set to eight a week to 14 I think
people have decided not to come to
Middletown to buy drugs and do their
drugs in Middletown because they're
afraid of the fact that we might not
respond couldn't I just be the result of
the drug song coming through they might
not be laced with certain things I mean
you have no evidence no you're exactly
right I have no evidence to prove that
I'm right and what I'm saying but by the
same token I have no evidence that
anything else would you suggest
suggested had an impact I feel that I
have opened up a discussion about it not
just in Middletown but around the world
Lewis said that discussion needs to
include the reality she sees on the
streets
what Dan Picard said whether you agree
with it or not as it seems to the United
a debate which is good you're welcome
that yeah I don't welcome what he said I
welcome the debate because that means
that we can bring a voice to the whole
thing
but what's happened is it seems actually
a lot of people come out and said well
we agree with him
that's the easy way out it seems like
the easy answer but then what are you
going to do with all of the dead bodies
all of those that that OD there has to
be some sort of accountability
you
