Sweden's two main political parties are
in a deadlock after Sunday's national
election to get anything done they're
gonna have to work with each other or
walk back a promise to never reach out
to the Sweden Democrats they're a
far-right anti-immigrant party that won
17 percent of the vote the biggest
increase for any party on the face of it
so d'italia looks like almost everywhere
else in Sweden but this stockholm suburb
the birthplace of tennis legend Bjorn
Borg is unique you well at vote Jason
Frieden is the principle that vasa
school in so d'italia her students
reflect the country's dramatic changes
so what is the kind of ethnic breakdown
of the school I also didn't see many
what would what would people would think
we're traditionally Swedish people no
and if you look at that I think I have
one family with it what you could call
like in nicole swedish background i'm
with that i mean that they have parents
and grandparents that lived here swedish
a white family yeah yeah in the whole
school yeah i had yeah i have three
students one family how many students
are there here 608 explain that to me
actually as a sweet what is it to be
swedish well I thought I knew what I
think I'm kind of asking myself the same
question because I have students that
don't have Swedish with them even though
they lived and they're born here so
that's quite a challenge to insert
italia you can essentially live and live
a normal life without ever yeah speaking
well at least in this area here it's
difficult for me and not having Arabic
getting along said Italia has one of the
largest immigrant populations in the
country more than half of the people
here were born abroad
mr. Christians from Syria and Iraq
that's up from 13% just ten years ago
what do I need
Sweden is accepted more than fifty
thousand asylum applications every year
since 2000 the peak came in 2015 when a
hundred and sixty three thousand people
applied the highest rate per capita ever
recorded in the European Union in
Sunday's results show that the taboo
around questioning Sweden's immigration
policy is changing oh yeah vo tell
Americans a boost I first this middle
ondrea's barrier son joined the Sweden
Democrats in 2014 on Sunday he won a
seat on so tattaglias City Council but
the Sweden Democrats still managed to
come third in local elections holding s
with the fact that Sweden Democrats now
wield serious power and will likely play
the role of kingmaker in forming a new
government is shocking considering the
party has long been discounted as a
fringe band of racists the Sweden
Democrats were started by people who had
Nazi backgrounds yeah I I must say I'm
very I haven't read up on the history
completely I've heard a lot of stories
I've heard from both come now you're a
member of the party in the claim is
frequently yeah that the part that
you're member of is started by Nazis I
do a bit of reading absolutely no I've
read on about and what I mean is I
haven't completely gone into I mean
research and try to look up everything
but I actually read like that's true
though isn't it
yeah there were members of I mean people
who who
from a Nazi background who were part of
the starting the party absolutely let's
go back to that moment Sweden Democrats
are rising they're becoming a force and
Swedish politics and your impression of
them at the time is that they're they're
racist everybody was very concerned with
the Swedish Democrats saying they were
racist and there was a lot of propaganda
it's targeted towards them but then in
2011 the alliance made made a pact to
change the policies of illegal
immigrants in Sweden where they would
have the same rights as legal immigrants
or I mean the speech population in
general like in my opinion is the
Swedish Sweden's responsibility
government responsibilities to its
citizens it's in first place and then
you can try to consider how you can take
care of or help other countries or
people bury ursins next-door-neighbor
a shereena her mez is a Swedish citizen
too but not the kind his party is
fighting for fermez a schoolteacher
arrived in Sodor Talia as a teenage
refugee from Iraq almost twenty years
ago she's worried about the rise of the
Sweden Democrats my neighbors right here
we talked to them today you know that he
is going to be in the City Council in
sort of telia as a representative of
Salem for altima yeah what do you think
about that it's very sad because sour
Sweden is built on tolerance and human
rights and equality and if you think
it's there's a difference between people
culture and religions you cannot have
that beautiful Sweden we had today so
when did you feel that sort of Telia
changed or the Swedish attitude changed
yeah when I tell me to Sweden in 2000 it
was no right-wing nationalist in that
Swedish parliament and people wouldn't
open with their political opinion but
nowadays racist remarks is more common
they are little 7 or 5 years but they
know about is deep for example they
discussed
and this issues in school and I am
worried for their future
you
