tonight Trump's war on leakers ceasefire
in Baltimore a stop killing each other
for weekend that does not make sense and
robot Picasso
according to reports by the Wall Street
Journal and Reuters special counsel
Robert Muller has impaneled a Washington
DC grand jury to investigate Russian
meddling in the 2016 election
he's also issued subpoenas in relation
to the June 2016 meeting between Donald
Trump jr. and Russian lawyers the
convening of a grand jury allows Muller
to subpoena documents and question
witnesses under oath and suggests that
the investigation is deepening Michelle
Carter convicted of involuntary
manslaughter for convincing her
boyfriend to kill himself in a barrage
of text messages was sentenced to two
and a half years in prison in one text
Carter who was then 17 wrote to
eighteen-year-old Conrad Roy the third
quote you just have to do it you said
you were going to do it like I don't get
why you aren't he died after she told
him to get back in his car filled with
carbon monoxide Carter faced up to 20
years but will be eligible for probation
after 15 months and remains free pending
an appeal American authorities have
arrested Marcus Hutchins the 23 year old
British cyber expert who helped stop the
worldwide wanna cry cyber attack in May
the Justice Department said the FBI
detained him at the airport in Las Vegas
Hutchins faces charges that he created
and distributed malware used to steal
financial data between 2014 and 2015
state officials are investigating
seismic activity in Oklahoma after a 4.2
magnitude earthquake rattled Edmond last
night the largest of 11 earthquakes to
hit the state in the past 48 hours
most of the quakes have been clustered
near a fault line since 2014 Oklahoma
has seen hundreds of earthquakes
registering 3.0 and above every year an
increase that's been linked to the
disposal of wastewater from oil and gas
drilling nearly 2 tons of ivory was
crushed in New York today it's part of
the state's commitment to ending the
illegal ivory trade the items
confiscated through state enforcement
efforts over the last two years were
crafted from the tusks of at least 100
slaughtered elephants the destroyed
ivory was worth more than eight million
dollars
tomorrow Attorney General Jeff Sessions
is expected to announce a new gameplan
for busting leakers both in the White
House and across US intelligence
agencies who continue to undermine and
humiliate the president just this
morning another league surface
embarrassing transcripts of phone calls
Trump made to the leaders of Mexico and
Australia back in his first week in
office these people should be fired
they should be out of government they're
disloyal to our government so far those
leakers have managed to remain anonymous
but the Justice Department does have one
alleged Informer to make an example out
of reality winner a government
contractor accused of handing classified
information to the press she's currently
being prosecuted under the Espionage Act
a once rare practice that increased
dramatically under President Obama and
could become even more common under the
Trump administration the first American
ever charged under the Espionage Act for
releasing information to the press with
Daniel Ellsberg a military analyst who
in 1971 leaked the top-secret indictment
of the war in Vietnam known as the
Pentagon Papers Ellsberg narrowly
escaped conviction and became an
anti-war activist David Noriega visited
Ellsberg at his home in California
Daniel Ellsberg's home office is crowded
with books notes and pictures from the
time he spent in Vietnam as a member of
the Foreign Service this is when your
own getting on for a couple of years
onion for two years ozz in the late 60s
working as an analyst for the RAND
Corporation Ellsberg helped write the
Pentagon Papers before he turned against
the war and leaked them he was not only
charged with a felony for the leak the
Nixon White House also sent a team of
burglars including some who would later
participate in the Watergate break-in to
steal files from his psychiatrist parts
of the 27,000 page file that the FBI
kept on Ellsberg are lying around his
office it begins with a memo about the
break-in crew what was the first nice
entry in every room is too much the
Nixon administration went after Ellsberg
hard but he escaped by a hair the case
against him cell apart when the judge
found out about the break-in there are a
lot of right ways and this medical
project is and this was one of them it
convicted Albert would have faced 115
years in prison I assumed I was breaking
a law and that I would be prosecuted and
that the effect would probably be a life
sentence so you had to square yourself
with the idea of spending the rest of
your life in prison before you could
really start releasing I think I
wouldn't have thought of doing that if I
want for example of young Americans who
were going to prison to protest the war
non-violently and it didn't take a lot
of thought or anguish so the decision to
be willing to go to prisons and the war
wasn't that difficult for you no it was
a question of realizing that this could
make a difference
and that it was worth going to prison if
there was even a small chance of
shortening the war so there's this
moment of realization or radicalization
perhaps where you realize that you're
willing to make the sacrifice yeah do
you think it's possible for the
government to effectively and decisively
suppress
they suppress it in nearly everyone it
seemed to me so self-evident that this
is worthwhile when at the moment when I
came to it that I hoped that my example
would make them any other people realize
oh I can do that and that's the right
thing to do it couldn't happen until
Chelsea Manning and then three years
later we had Snowden it's basically not
easy to find others of the three who've
done that on a large scale in 40 years
Ellsberg Steve Snowden and Manning as
fellow travelers he's ardently defended
them in the face of controversy and he
draw the distinction between them and
people who leaked for political
advantage and with the tacit approval of
their bosses so the people who are
linking I think are doing so in part for
institutional reasons to protect their
institution it's not so much the public
at large we're really seeing weeks that
are dangerous to the president could
Mara seem to the president by agencies
that feel themselves endangered by the
prison and that's the standard kind of
Lee you were the first person to be
prosecuted under the Espionage Act for
releasing information to the American
public
since then the use of that statute in
that context has skyrocketed you could
say nine or ten prosecutions under Obama
doesn't seem like so many but it's three
times more than there were before Obama
now I expect there to be quite a few
under Trump I think that Obama said a
very bad precedent there of using the
act we have our first sort of high
profile likely Espionage Act case with
reality winner and Agathon wondering Eve
Trump begins to use the Espionage Act
against leakers and journalists to an
unprecedented degree yeah which he
hasn't done yet which he hasn't done yet
but do you think that could ever
completely chill the impulse of the
whistleblower there will be people like
Manning and Snowden who are prepared to
take the consequences the Pentagon
Papers of Afghanistan I'm sure would
look just like the Pentagon Papers
obviou I'm sure we can send more
whistleblowing than we're now getting we
need it you can't have a free society
you can't have a democratic society
without unauthorized disclosures the
word of the president is usually the
final word of an administration cabinet
members federal agencies staff may not
always like what a president says but
there's an unwritten rule about not
contradicting the President of the
United States so consider this just one
more way in which the Trump
administration is breaking all the rules
we're not talking about leakers and
staff fighting here but substance
high-ranking members of the federal
apparatus have taken to ignoring or
correcting or clarifying president
Trump's words starting with the
Secretary of Defense would I feel
strongly about waterboarding as far as
I'm concerned we have to fight fire with
fire the Secretary of Defense was not
keen to fight fire with fire and he got
trumped to back down on that issue I
don't necessarily agree but I would tell
you that he will override because I'm
giving him that power now we've all
heard the president waffle on Russia
meddling in the 2016 election and you've
also heard his intelligence chiefs
senators in his own party ambassadors
like basically everybody ignore that it
looks with the 19th time you all have
asked I'm happy to answer to 20th time
it's quite easy I am confident that the
Russians meddled in this election as is
the entire intelligence community and in
the last couple of weeks there have been
even more examples of leaders just
continuing to go about their business no
matter what the president says when the
president caught the country and the
Pentagon off guard with tweets banning
transgender servicemembers the chairman
of the Joint Chiefs of Staff was the
first to say there'd be quote no
modifications to the policy until they
got clarity from the Secretary of
Defense
in a few days later the Coast Guard
chief said on camera that he reached out
to transgender members of the Coast
Guard I reached out personally to tennis
Taylor Miller who was featured on the
cover of The Washington Post last week
now if you read that story Taylor's
family has disowned her her family is a
United States Coast Guard and I told
Taylor I will not turn my back we have
made an investment in you and you have
made an investment in the Coast Guard
Trump also told a joke at a law
enforcement event about roughing up
suspects I said please don't be too nice
the head of the Drug Enforcement Agency
didn't find it funny in a memo to a
staff he wrote quote the president
condoned police misconduct regarding the
treatment of individuals placed under
arrest I write because we have an
obligation to speak out when something
is wrong there are way more examples but
you get the point now the federal
government is hierarchical for a reason
and it's not hard to imagine how all of
this freelancing my staff and agency
heads could create confusion we've you
have to experience a large terrorist
attack or natural disaster under Trump
where the lack of centralized Authority
could mean the difference between life
and death but in another sense it's a
healthy sign last year a Republican
strategist summed up then candidate
Trump like this the voters take Donald
Trump seriously as a candidate but they
don't take him literally the press takes
Donald Trump literally but they don't
take him seriously
it appears Trump's employees and the
federal government have learned how to
split the difference
Baltimore has long been known as one of
the deadliest cities in America it's
already seen 208 homicides this year
putting it on pace for its most murders
ever some frustrated residents are now
pushing for a 72-hour ceasefire they're
calling nobody kill anybody you all know
about the Baltimore ceasefire you know
about the Baltimore ceasefire as a bunch
of Baltimore residents trying to have 72
hours and no murder is this weekend so
it's August closer to an overdose
understood that's right yeah absolutely
people all the way Erika Bridgeford is
sick of the rising murder rate but when
her son told her this could be a record
year she got pissed off so we tell
everybody to tell everybody she's part
of a group that's calling for a weekend
ceasefire a lot of people hear you
saying don't kill anybody for 72 hours
and say that's not going to happen
yeah how do you respond to that I said
you can't make a decision with whether
you roll with that you can't keep this
six block radius
anything happening then like what are
you doing like the slogan is simple
nobody kill anybody but that's a tall
order in Baltimore the city's on track
to get 400 murders this year murdered
young lady murdered murdered and it's
just like murders Sean Young grew up in
Baltimore sandtown neighborhood heard on
this floor think like a lot of people
here he finds out about homicides in the
city via Instagram do you ever open this
thing up and see somebody you know yes
I'm trying to tell you I know at least
once a month you see one of your
homeboys this bad place he's been
murdered like
I don't say but it's reality Baltimore
no none of it makes sense when you look
at it logically just like the cease fire
okay stop killing each other for a
weekend that does not make sense to
address people and say okay y'all y'all
killing each other what's the issue what
can we do for y'all to actually try to
fix this as opposed to saying stop
killing each other for the weekend
residents don't feel like the city doing
enough to address social and economic
problems in the inner city then there's
a fact that last year more than half of
all murders went unsolved it's a cycle
that can lead criminals and Boulding and
witnesses intimidated why isn't anybody
doing anything about the murders so we
are but we all Mayor Catherine Pugh has
been in office for seven months they
don't understand what happened place
already she inherited a police force
that the Justice Department found to be
poorly trained racist and prone to using
excessive force we're focused on how we
reduce violence in our city and what we
must do as a community to reduce
violence because this is not just a
police issue it's a community issue do
you think that this weekend basically
the ceasefire is going to be successful
absolutely I think the fact that people
in the community have taken upon
themselves to say we need this to stop
so to the extent that we continue to
have those voices echoed throughout our
neighborhoods is success to me a part of
the reason the community is calling for
a ceasefire is because they don't think
the Baltimore Police Department will
protect them especially in the last
couple years
Baltimore's scene Freddie gray died in
the back of a police van scene two
recent videos showing officers allegedly
planning drugs and seen seven officers
get indicted for robbing civilians the
Baltimore Police Department spokesman TJ
Smith says the media is ignoring the
positive thing the department is doing
and as for the cease fire
we're 1,000% supportive of the idea the
concept as the police department but
we're not on the front lines of this
we're there if they need it and so how
does that work though because I think in
a way we're talking about reducing
murders right isn't that y'all job
that's everybody's job any community
that thinks Public Safety is strictly
law enforcement job they're probably a
community that's failing at it a lot of
people are saying we don't trust the
police to be involved well I think you
can find people who say that just like
you can find a ton that will say the
opposite we're not focused on the
negative there is the demographic with
the demographic we're talking about no
eighteen thirty year old black males for
the most part and a lot of them are you
know it's finally a lot of mark that is
a fallacy that is open the language and
a learning to say Bob the majority or a
lot of eighteen to thirty year old black
men don't trust the police
I think the resident there are some
you're having there's me right white but
they make it a blanket that the majority
of them I don't think there is a proof
positive that that's accurate if we go
across the country Baltimore City Police
Department isn't the best Police
Department in America life is it's kind
of shame like they'd rather chase guys
on dirt bikes then chase down the guys
out here killing people
AJ Elliott has spent his whole life in
West Baltimore he says he doesn't
dislike all police he just wishes they
were better at their jobs
so you expecting help from police no not
really
like the citizens we get in time and so
as a while we won't have to take things
into our own hands
put the gun this world city officials
might look at the ceasefire as a
partnership but a lot of citizens see
the exact opposite fixing their own
community because the city won't help
them so even if the ceasefire is
successful some people will think it was
good spike the government and not
because of it a lot of people say 72
hours that's a band-aid absolutely you
understand when you are on the front
lines that everything you do and that
moment is a band-aid but I'm cool with
people thinking that I'm naive and that
this is stupid I'm cool with that
because I know that if I stopped and if
all the other people in Baltimore doing
the work if they stopped you would
really see the murder rate go up you
would see how much these little
band-aids that you go
were actually doing something in this
city
when you hear about the Department of
Energy which celebrates its 40th
birthday tomorrow you might think of an
agency that oversees oil and gas
production you wouldn't be alone do E's
current head Rick Perry reportedly
thought he'd been tapped for an
ambassador like role for America's oil
and gas businesses when he first got the
job the reality though is very different
VOE was created in part as a reaction to
the oil crisis of the 1970s but from the
start it's been a sprawling organization
covering everything from making safe
batteries to dealing with dangerous
nuclear power do we does look after
America's energy resources in oil and
gas supply but it also manages the u.s.
nuclear arsenal and plays a major role
in non-proliferation efforts keeping
WMDs out of the hands of terrorists and
it's charged with keeping America's
electrical grid running smoothly and
safely
what's with the most interesting and
least heralded thing the do he does is
drive a big chunk of American innovation
it's responsible for 17 national
laboratories which grew out of the world
the biggest science experiment the
Manhattan Project that includes labs
like black which runs the world's most
powerful x-ray laser do is the country's
largest supporter of basic physical
science research including pioneering
cancer radiation therapy it also
operates arpa-e a grant program that
helps develop energy technologies that
are high risk but also high potential
there's a low interest loan program that
funds innovative energy projects - it
helps finance Tesla's factories when
private companies wouldn't take the risk
even so the DOA is facing a surprisingly
cloudy future for years it's been a
favorite target of conservatives who is
vowed to eliminate what they see as a
bureaucratic
think hold much of the budget the
Department of Energy deals with
essentially cronyism and corporate
welfare supporting different picking
winners and losers and House Republicans
just passed a bill that would slash
funding for the do E's energy and tech
development programs especially clean
energy research which would be reduced
by about half the bill would also
completely eliminate arpa-e and the loan
program office despite proven successes
these rollbacks are part of an overall
GOP push towards smaller government but
in the long run they have the potential
to undermine one of trumps major
campaign promises to renew American
industry the singularity is the
theoretical day that artificial
intelligence advances beyond human
understanding and begins to change the
villa's ation in ways we can't conceive
of many fear the singularity needs one
try the grit not pinned Arvind Armen
he's doing his small part to make it
happen by teaching robots to make art
he's writing code that nobody's seen
before and thinks his machines are on
the precipice of creative autonomy
here's a de Kooning and this one of the
sounds like just as interesting Wow
I'd like Alex Cole and here is Guernica
a little darker but transfer gate is
that looks like human suffering on my
face
Pindar is a computer security contractor
in Northern Virginia but for the last 12
years he's been making robot artists on
the side these portraits are made by
sending the computer to images and
running an algorithm called style
transfer it takes content and style from
one and applies it to the other here's
you a Marilyn Monroe
so it doesn't quite capture what Andy
Warhol is doing though right because
like instead of just making my hair
blonde it gave me like Marilyn hair so
how would it have to progress to make it
more in the style of Warhol yeah it
doesn't it doesn't really kept your
context right now so Sal transfer does
amazing things a lot of data scientists
are trying to make this even better
including myself we're trying to find a
way to add the context we just don't
know how yet the hardware is pretty
basic the robots can be built for just a
few hundred dollars there's a I work in
the special sauce is his software
program a decade in the making called
cloud painter like a human artists cloud
painter remembers his past work and can
try to improve it and it's style evolved
over time and the robots can see what
they're doing because they use cameras
to watch their work in progress and make
adjustments I want them to always watch
what they're painting if that's when
they make the really good decision do
the robots ever create something that
falls in the uncanny valley where it's
kind of creepy I've been at exhibitions
where a fellow artist has come and sat
down the weather to be really impressed
with this are really disgusted with it
and so it's in the uncounted value that
I am trying to replicate human
creativity it does make some people
uneasy pandar can't tell the robot to
paint whoever walks in front of the
robots camera or it can program it to
paint something based on what's trending
in Google News but that still
essentially means Pindar's the artist
and the robot is his medium can our
robot be creative yeah it definitely can
be creative but it's like a question of
like what level of creativity like I
think my robots and they make portraits
they make all the same creative
decisions I make it's actually making
decisions about what to do yeah I have
some paintings that I don't make a
single decision all I do is turn the
robot on and say paint the next person
that walks in front of the camera so
there is a way a robot can use an
evolutionary approach to develop an
algorithm it can randomly select all
these algorithms paint a bunch of branch
strokes randomly on ten different
canvases throw them up for sale on eBay
whichever one sells the highest it tries
to paint a little more like that do you
think your robot has started making more
paintings overtime if beauty is measured
by how interesting it is definitely much
more beautiful but aesthetically the
aesthetics are going in an unsure
direction because I just wanted to make
a beautiful painting I could I could use
a printer and print it out and be
perfect and so I'm going away from that
I'm trying to get more interpretation
more serendipity Kim Goldberg is an
artist and professor of engineering who
runs the robotics lab at UC Berkeley we
showed them how Pindar's robots work
robots will do unexpected things all the
time
the fact that it does something a little
bit surprising doesn't mean and it's
creative it's saying it's the nature of
most machines I that they'll build do
things you don't expect as soon as you
inject any kind of randomness into a
program you get behavior that you may
not predict and this is essential to a
lot of the deep learning or AI methods
that are out there now being able to
show where this uncertainty is arising
is very interesting conceptually but I
want to make a distinction between that
and saying well the robot is now being
created I think when people see a great
work of art one reason they relate to it
is because we think all this great
artists have the same emotion as me so
how could a robot create that yeah I
don't know obviously a robot won't be
able to make emotional artwork until it
is emotional but that doesn't mean that
when we look at a piece of artwork we
can't get emotions from it so you know
every so often my robot I'll paint a
picture that looks like a sad person and
that might make me feel sad the robot
was obviously not sad when he made it
but it didn't stop me from having that
emotional reaction
that's vices tonight for Thursday August
3rd tune in tomorrow night for the
award-winning documentary series vice
we're in front of the Rebekah school and
we're here to meet some kids all
different ages who all have autism most
of these kids don't have an integrated
sense of the world behind us sitting in
this tree is a female named 42 Elle she
tends to live on the outskirts of group
share variance in a number of genes that
we don't see in the rest of the
population and these genes have been
implicated in studies of autism
you
you
