tonight Maduro goes after him enemies
the jobs Americans won't do and gore
returned nearly 500 people including
generals and military pilots accused of
conspiring to overthrow the Turkish
government appeared in court today the
trial the largest yet connected to last
year's failed coup that left 249 people
dead
many of the 486 people charged faced
life in prison critics of President
Erdogan say he's using the coup and
subsequent trials as an excuse to
suppress political dissent a Jordanian
law that allows rapists to go free if
they marry their victims have been
repealed by the parliaments lower house
yelling and shouting interrupted the
debate right up until the final vote
the repeal still needs approval from the
king and Parliament's upper house both
have publicly backed the reform this is
ethic city to women movement and human
rights movement in Jordan celebrating
the 90th anniversary of the People's
Liberation Army Chinese President Xi
Jinping said the country and its
military will defend its sovereignty and
territorial interests human connection
moment you become Chile of forge on
Tommy attention you to tune addition to
China has claimed huge areas of the
South and East China Seas angering the
United States and its allies in the
Pacific the White House conceded today
that President Trump was involved in
crafting Donald Trump jr. statement
about a meeting he had with a Russian
lawyer during the campaign he certainly
didn't dictate but you know he like I
said he weighed in offered suggestion
like any father would did the statement
Trump approved said that Don juniors
meeting was primarily about Russian
adoption press secretary Sarah Sanders
said the original statement was quote
true and there were no inaccuracies
even though emails released by Don jr.
himself contradict a statement and show
he went to the meeting because the
lawyer offered damaging information
about Hillary
Clinton overnight in Venezuela two
opposition leaders Antonio Ledezma and
Leopoldo Lopez were abducted from their
homes and grave and raided by police
just two days after President Nicolas
Maduro consolidated power in heavily
disputed national elections it's exactly
the sort of state sanctioned political
suppression many feared would come to
pass if Maduro no longer had any checks
against him on July 17th Lopez and his
wife Lily inventory made a video
predicting he would be detained they
released it today en este momento esta
bien de stereo a Prezi cemente
por que su pelo jacobians OT bien y
Miren a meter precious chi'lan al Engel
Thomas
vice co-founder Suroosh Alvi spoke to
tint ori while reporting in Caracas at
the time she was on her way to visit
Lopez in a jail where he'd been held for
three years as a political prisoner and
where police are now holding him again
your security wasn't happy about what
we're doing
no I never sit down here and ever I have
a protocol not to be there and I know
how to move if I need to go out us we
are a blank we are a target your target
a target they follow us they recall my
telephone computers they send me message
really everything what kind of messages
you receive and the last time they get
insightful my telephone computer type of
my children they put we are gonna
a bomb attack look boy I'm attack we are
gonna kill you
really yes who is Leopold alone I'm
really proud of report it's a person
that gives his freedom to our country he
really wants to prevent a crisis a
humanitarian crisis this heart is
difficult we some fight for freedom it's
a fight for right is a fight for our
country and we love our country movement
and how hard it is for you and everyone
is marching to survive out there people
are dying overall is it getting stronger
the most important thing is that people
have the determination to steal in the
street the protest going to continue if
we don't have the four things that we
have everybody's in the street asking
for general elections release all the
political prisioners
respect of the national family and a
human heritage channel to get food and
medicine inside our country so they are
like what is right ready to die
yes the government is also getting more
aggressive right with the more violent
with the protesters
is going the right direction they are
killing us they are killing us why
because it's a dictatorship an occasion
don't want to go how the power and our
fight is change that change the reality
of Venezuela is the worst crisis of our
history for decades American shrimp
boats have depended on foreign workers
to handle one of the industry's toughest
job ripping the heads off millions of
freshly caught shrimp it's an essential
part of the process
headless shrimp are cheaper to package
and freeze which makes them much more
profitable but this year a change in
visa regulations means that shrimpers
have to rely on Americans who have never
done the job before and hope the new
hires don't quit once they realize what
they signed up for
what you
bless his soul or bless the courage
bless their hold supernatural abundant
supernatural touch what what every year
before hundreds of shrimp boats head
into the waters a priest shares a few
words of encouragement
then the finances from heaven the shrimp
boats need all the help they can get
this year after Congress refused to
renew a special visa exemption that
allowed them to hire veteran Mexican
workers shrimpers were left with three
quarters of their crew jobs unfilled
I boarded a shrimp boat called the da da
da crews to see how hard the work could
possibly be I guess there's six people
helping on board and formula never now
before becoming have you ever had a
shrimp before you eat shrimp but have
you had a shrimp on Tom captain Maximo
Gonzalez a Mexican American has been
fishing these waters for more than 40
years pero esto esto so squash salad con
person asked a local amateur member
iolair mara no era porque esta siempre
que vent venimos en esta temporada
siempre per miss Ferrara one PSFS oh
okay gente que piensa que tu trabajo
slices you know so I have morels
newcomers aren't just slower they can
also be a huge liability many of them
quit while out at sea forcing the boat
to turn around to bring them back
wasting precious fishing time and
burning thousands of dollars in fuel I
signed up to D had shrimp for a night
Paul Jones agreed to do it for more than
a month
I was on another job maintenance in the
hotel and I heard about this I live here
they come here this pays more you
expected to be hard this stressful
at sunset shrimp boats throughout the
Gulf of Mexico dropped their net it was
the official start of summer season
while the net straw the ocean floor
everyone prepared for a long night
the first net came up around midnight
that's just one of two bags on one side
so therefore hot as it's fun to say
right now this is when the hard work
starts headers have to rip the heads off
as many shrimp as possible as fast as
possible for as long as possible
hey boy watch Elena it has got a budget
cut off yes get a bucket yeah see
headers can work hunched over for hours
nonstop since selfish only lasts for so
long outside before spoiling you having
second thoughts about 35 days you know
how much you're out to do it really
really really I have to but I don't
really have to and if you don't really
have to watch watch right so there's
kind of been a change of plan
we weren't healing the heads off fast
enough so instead of killing off the
heads they're just going to sort out all
the fish because we're not moving fast
enough in the next net need to come in
to vote one Sophie a notice notice how a
thunderous camarones tapas party
Muhammad Al and Tom Dobb ratio so Craig
a time okay so casados no sabe lo que de
espera toda hey vamos Arriba
the captain ultimately decides how much
each header makes work fast and long and
might hand you more than $30 for each
basket the crew fills move slowly and
you can piss them off and earn less than
a third of that over the course of 35
days it could be the difference between
making six thousand dollars and just
twenty five hundred dollars drink peak
shrimping season crews often work
through the night how are you feeling
right now my back hurt through
you tired oh yeah to be honest it's not
worth because a lot of people don't do
it really
the means input your life more than they
flavor
really has the only word for meanwhile
just across the border there are
hundreds of workers with decades of
experience who wish they could take Paul
spot a chemical on toda de camões en la
pesca entonces queremos que no friggin
Don dole oportunidad de seguir creciendo
Meza Proficio lo que yo se hacer ESO de
tengo la esperanza de ganar a la poder
Saqqara delante anemia no lien dijo que
vienen Nolan dijo que no bien en las dos
veces no no Donna God hola visas
pero no no sandy Cho cuando estoy a lo
único que serán instead Francisco MS
Delano her scrapping marrow de pie
two weeks ago the US government agreed
to allow another 15,000 h-2b visa
workers into the country but it's
unclear how many of those spots will go
to shrimp fishermen so far more than 50%
of Americans hired to replace h-2b visa
workers this season have already quit
according to the Texas shrimping
Association the third islet crews did
have to bring back one American header
but it wasn't Paul
it's been ten years since Al Gore won
the Nobel Peace Prize for his advocacy
on climate change an 11 years since an
inconvenient truth made its
oscar-winning box-office run now Gore's
back with a sequel and a lot more
ammunition Michael Moynihan sat down
with the former vice president in Los
Angeles what happened in those
intervening year is where you said you
know I have to do this again there have
been two very big and dramatic changes
in in the last decade
one is the climate-related extreme
weather events have become far more
numerous far more destructive there are
hundred fires or so raging right now as
we're having this conversation in the
western United States
the second big change is that the
solutions are now available and soon
will be even more widely available and
affordable this is a technology
revolution business is helping to lead
it but so are individual citizens this
optimism is it kind of blunted by what's
happening in Washington right now I was
really concerned especially when Donald
Trump made his speech was drawing the
u.s. from Paris I was fearful that some
other countries might use that as an
excuse to pull out of the Paris
agreement for themselves but immediately
afterwards the entire rest of the world
redouble their commitment to the Paris
agreement almost as if to say we'll show
you mr. Trump now that's not to say that
Donald Trump as president cannot do a
lot of damage
unfortunately he can and all of the
commitments put together in the Paris
agreement still are not enough but they
lay a an impressive foundation upon
which we can mount further efforts to
cut emissions that that's the
administration's argument right that
this isn't going to do very much anyway
I mean I talk to people
many people and I was on the campaign
trail and they say it was climbing thing
is nonsense I'm like Donald Trump
because he calls it nonsense I go back
for months we started four months ago
and I find Vice President Al Gore in a
news story I see somebody that has an
incredible hope that Donald Trump will
from your perspective do the right thing
on Paris yeah you had hope
yeah I did why well I went to see him
immediately after the election and that
was not the only conversation I had the
dialogue continued after he went into
the White House I had reason to believe
that there was a real good chance that
he might come to his senses and stay in
the Paris agreement but I was wrong and
I suspect the reason I was wrong is that
this rogues gallery of climate deniers
that he surrounded himself with in the
White House got to him and locked him in
do you worry about your own party going
in a populist direction populist left
versus populist right I was criticized
when I last ran for president for saying
I wanted to represent the people not the
powerful some of the support for Donald
Trump in the last election came from a
feeling of anger and disappointment
middle-income wages have stagnated for
several decades now there is a feeling
on the part of many that the current
pattern of globalization has left a lot
of good people behind NAFTA becomes a
swearword yeah it has become an
incredibly negative things is that
something that when you look back on
1992 to 2000 that you regret I think in
the 90s Bill Clinton and I actually did
a really good job of creating many
millions of new jobs providing job
training providing pathways for people
to transition without losing the chance
to better their lives and I know knapped
as terribly unpopular I hear criticized
all the time now but but I think that
you know you can't run the experiment
and put it
would have been like without NAFTA but I
think it's had benefits that far
outweigh the difficulties and give that
a long political career when you look
back on it what's the most prominent
thing that you changed your mind on you
know there's been a lot of things the
three strikes and you're out
legislation wasn't a mistake
it wasn't a cynical decision it was
supported by most African American
leaders at the time it was adopted but I
think it's obvious now that that was a
mistake
when people see this film what is the
expectation what would you hope that
people come away from this some changing
their behavior writing their Congressman
doing what yeah I hope they'll become
active but people who see this movie
tell me they come away from it feeling
hopeful and sometimes they're surprised
to find really yeah I was doing things
they're breaking off ice shelves things
are disappearing well there's that
evidence too but most people say they
come out of the movie feeling I'm
feeling you're hopeful I urge people to
learn about it and use the knowledge to
when the conversations on climate use
your voice use your vote if those who
are elected come into office not
beholden to special interests who
finance their campaigns but instead
attuned to what the opinions of their
constituents really are that's much more
closely aligned with what America's
founders intended our system to be like
I just play in the gym love that
give me the fresh laps every day love
when this happened
anytime you could do hand clap and the
robot game song I feel that robot robot
well that that was Joe Scarborough stop
it
I hope every of like one of the songs
has a robot yeah okay if we're great hey
hey oh yeah right here I you're right
not coming for you wrong oh the
low end is choice very amazing little I
love a good call and response my name is
sucker for a call and response
yeah I was really fun i like that was
that it's event staples lobby carries
from strong do zombies funny
well well well maybe we'll yeah we
 did it
that's the best line ever I want to I
want that as my life I was listening to
this song if I past my bedtime of 9:00
p.m. and I was just really going for it
I would want to listen to this
at like 3:00 in the morning
yeah because we because we did it we did
it
culinary historian Michael Twitty has
made a name for himself touring the
country to lecture about southern food
traditions his new book the cooking gene
is out today it explores the history of
cuisine in the American South by
focusing on the people who laid the
foundation for it enslaved African
Twitty is currently on a teaching
residency in Colonial Williamsburg
Virginia
Dexter Thomas joined him there for a
meal Hey ladies
hey gentlemen let's go on yeah shut up
or you will be breakfast black folks
weren't allowed to have hogs weren't
allowed to have cattle but chickens
guinea fowl which come from Africa those
were under the control of enslaved
Africans these chickens represent more
than just a stereotype of black folks of
fried chicken it represents empowerment
suti doesn't just write about history he
relives it by cooking the food that the
slaves cooked for year-long residency in
colonial williamsburg 20 teachers gets
the food traditions of his enslaved
ancestors he starts most days in the
garden oh good stuff boy there you go
can't have a pot without of hot pepper
huh yes sir
rosemary and we run your historian
mm-hmm there's a lot of ways you could
study history right by food people
associate food with identity food is a
way of all human beings are say we eat
this this is us they eat that that is
not us everybody has this deep
connection stick astronomy in their
personal familial lives and our story is
told there are plates
every year half a million tourists visit
Kalinda Williamsburg for a sanitized
glimpse at eighteenth-century living
dream does not behind her is all right
there's no fancy knives and no air
conditioning into these kitchen just as
food and the uncomfortable truth you'll
make him southern cooking right yeah and
a lot of people go to a certain place in
their mind like when they hear that they
go to a certain nostalgia especially
when I'm wearing these clothes
yeah and that nostalgia isn't always a
good thing for people who look like you
and me yes you put yourself in a very
strange position I put my place myself
in a place of subversion okay because
you go in there and they're expecting
something yes and sometimes they don't
get what they want and it hurts their
feelings and their blood hurt but a lot
of people who I deal with our
conservative white folks who actually
hear me talk and they come to new
conclusions I'm proud of that we're very
aware of certain stereotypes we get it
they sold chicken until vegetables they
defy their husbands freedom you
understand me I guess that's what I want
to know is who this book for everybody
I want everybody at the same table I
want the african-american person who
want to kind of figure out what their
heritage is to sit next to the white
person who goes you know I'm really
curious and respectful of the
african-american food tradition African
tradition I want to learn more about
their I want them to sit next to the
person who goes I just like to eat the
food look good but only way I could get
a plate with the help out in the kitchen
welcome to the plantation South it's
wrong you need close the plantation
south I got close no a real close
historic close so you can say like your
ancestors felt real slave clothes I'm
not sure I want to feel like that to bed
get dressed
Oh get it down oh I love it
well how does that feel I feel the part
yeah I know if that's a good thing I
want you to take all those vegetables
and put them on in that pot right down
yes sir just dump them all in yeah this
is hot
yeah I did do you just get used to this
oh you never get used to it how do you I
feel right either they are burning yes
yeah the smoking gene the smoke is being
got to me yes uh-huh
come on wait for me I want you to die
okay you might as well get the second
corner I was willing to shuck corn I've
done this morning when I get you huh
Boston
righto go suck that car mm-hmm don't
suck it good don't eat it to me barely
full food more than just you know
chicken and macaroni and cheese and
greens and stuff it's it's quite elegant
was the first American cuisine to really
draw from the whole planet cause you had
ingredients from Southeast Asia
ingredients for the Middle East
greetings from Europe West Africa
Central Africa East Africa all combined
in our cooking try this one of our
black-eyed pea fritters so this coming
falafel Italy it is a man that is really
good this is not my grandmother's fried
chicken but this close
ice all I want is all I want that's all
I wanted Latin clothes that's that's it
that's that's the highest compliment
that's vice news tonight for Tuesday
August first
you
