for decades American shrimp boats have
depended on foreign workers to handle
one of the industry's toughest jobs
ripping the heads off millions of
freshly caught shrimp it's an essential
part of the process
headless shrimp are cheaper to package
and freeze which makes them much more
profitable but this year a change in
visa regulations means that shrimpers
have to rely on Americans who've never
done the job before and hope the new
hires don't quit once they realize what
they've signed up for
this bless his soul or bless the courage
bless their holds supernatural abundant
supernatural catch
blessing
every year before hundreds of shrimp
boats head into the waters a priest
shares a few words of encouragement send
the finances from heaven the shrimp
boats need all the help they can get
this year after Congress refused to
renew a special visa exemption that
allowed them to hire veteran Mexican
workers shrimpers were left with
three-quarters of their crew jobs
unfilled
I boarded a shrimp boat called the da da
da crews to see how hard the work could
possibly be
I guess there's six people helping on
board and four of them whatever now
before become me have you ever had a
shrimp before you eat shrimp but have
you had a shrimp captain Maximo Cortez a
Mexican American has been fishing these
waters for more than 40 years pero esto
está su swell salir con personas can
occur on nature regularity no era porque
esta siempre que vemos en esta temporada
siempre permisos para drama yes MS OH
okay I can take a pienso que si trabajas
facile you know so as a mirror
newcomers aren't just slower they can
also be a huge liability many of them
quit while out at sea forcing the boat
to turn around to bring them back
wasting precious fishing time and
burning thousands of dollars in fuel I
signed up to D had shrimp for a night
Paul Jones agreed to do it for more than
a month I was doing another job
maintenance in the hotel and I heard
about this I lived there they come here
this pays more do you expect it to be
hard mistress
at sunset shrimp boats throughout the
Gulf of Mexico dropped their nets it was
the official start of summer season
while the Nets trawled the ocean floor
everyone prepared for a long night
the firstnet's came up around midnight
holy that's just one of two bags on
one side so therefore it's not as if but
you see right now this is when the hard
work starts headers have to rip the
heads off as many shrimp as possible as
fast as possible for as long as possible
headers can work hunched over for hours
nonstop since shellfish only last for so
long outside before spoiling you having
second thoughts about 35 days to this
whole quite sure really really really I
have to but I don't really have to go
and if you don't really have to so
there's kind of been a change of plan
we weren't peeling the heads off fast
enough so instead of killing off the
heads they're just gonna sort out all
the fish because we're not moving past
it up in the next nets need to come into
the boat quanto piano there's notice how
it's under camarones oh emmalin with a
land tell me SS you know can I get them
forget to cancel was no cyber locally
respiratory forever
the captain ultimately decides how much
each header makes work fast and long and
you might hand you more than $30 for
each basket the crew fills move slowly
and you could piss him off and earn less
than a third of that over the course of
35 days it could be the difference
between making $6,000 and just twenty
five hundred dollars drink peak
shrimping season crews often work
through the night how are you feeling
right now my back hurts
retired yeah to be honest it's not worth
except other people don't do it really
to me and put you like modern-day
slavery really that's the only word for
meanwhile just to cross the border there
are hundreds of workers with decades of
experience who wish they could take Paul
spot yeah gonna go and do love it almost
in that pace gun don't just get in the
end Oh professor lo que yo se hace
racism the heat angle esperanza de ganar
para poder tocar adelante mija
no Leon dicho que vienen no Lonnie
chicken no no no Senegal our visas pero
no no sandy cho cuando está a la una
Copa sorry instead Francisco and
Magdalena are scrapping metal to get by
two weeks ago the US government agreed
to allow another 15,000 h-2b visa
workers into the country but it's
unclear how many of those spots will go
to shrimp fishermen so far more than 50%
of Americans hired to replace h-2b visa
workers this season have already quit
according to the Texas shrimping
Association the darada crews did have to
bring back one American header but it
wasn't Paul
you
