younger generations are most familiar
with 73 year old Randy Newman as a
singing voice behind the theme songs
most of the Pixar films including Toy
Story and Monsters Inc but since the 60s
he's also been singing about things like
racism and dirty politicians there isn't
a lot of political pop music these days
but now Randy's back after a nine-year
hiatus took a new welcome to takes on
everything from Vladimir Putin to police
brutality I was really excited to hear
that Randy Newman was here because I
love him he's got a would some for sure
dark beautiful I'm kind of in love with
Randy Newman and so I teach some of this
song to my closet I keep sail away to
talk about a transatlantic slave trade
and I teach political science to talk
about American politics to Canada to
slow down let's go
you've written so many things that take
on these really serious subjects and and
they do bounce along they've got these
really happy tunes yes please put the
change in the hall of the New York now
the number the matter
rednecks bounces along and its enormous
ly significant point it's trying to make
if you think that the north is morally
superior to the south this southern guy
of saying you're wrong that's it that's
all it was
so are you still performing rednecks
know why so hesitant about it because
the word it's it's it's awful there is
an entire generation for whom you are
the toy story guy that read you out at
all it's odd because the nature of what
I usually write is so far from those
Disney songs
it's just song about one of those
powerful people you saw in this country
what why did he decide to write a song
about film because I was interested in
the aspect of his personality that led
him to have all those pictures with his
shirt off the richest man in the world
is the most powerful man in the world he
wants to be you know Tom Cruise and when
I pick is you got all these lot of Ages
places when if they should out make me
so this is this is sort of the obvious
one you've got a song about Putin yeah
with the Trump song I wrote a Trump's
all year and a half ago but it was so
vulgar that I didn't choose to do it can
you play no I can't anymore
I can prove true there's no oh no II
just like this whole interview it was
designed to trick me into singing this
stupid Trump getting song there is there
is subtlety in a lot of the songs that
you do so why write a song like that
it's not a subtle subject you know he's
not that's one of the main things that I
that I can't forget is that there are a
lot of nice people who voted for this
guy
there aren't 40 million assholes in this
country not that many there are that
many basis seller so can you be a nice
person and be a racist now you know
you
you
