what was it that your husband was doing
when you knew you had to leave he wanted
to control and manipulate every aspect
of my life he had sexually assaulted me
on two occasions where I should have
called the police on him but I didn't I
did nothing cuz I was so scared
Harper left her husband two years ago
and towards the end of their
relationship
she says he secretly installed software
on her phone that tracked her location
read her text messages and recorded her
calls we disguised her identity because
she is still afraid of her ex-husband
she installed the device on my vehicle
so that he could track my whereabouts
and he recorded my conversations how did
you realize that he had installed this
offer on your phone he would confront me
with it
he would play back the conversations
because he would question me about who I
talked to and what we talked about I
thought I was going crazy I kept
thinking to myself is this even real a
2016 Government Accountability Office
report identified more than 40 apps that
can secretly track phone activity a lot
of these apps are marketed to parents
who would want to track their children
but domestic violence shelters see a
disturbing trend what we assume is that
everything's tracked really because you
assume that we assume that everyone's
being tracked
Liz Orton burger runs safeness a Las
Vegas domestic violence shelter that
provides counseling and other services
to 45,000 victims a year I mean you just
Google I want to track my wife right and
see what pops up yeah there and in those
apps really give you access to
everything yeah so yeah we've been
talking mostly about tracking but there
are apps that will shadow the entire
phone so everything you do on your phone
will dump into wherever I designate it
to dump or I have eyes on everything
that's happening through that phone
including your camera
your camera yep and as long as there are
people willing to pay for that kind of
thing they will continue to exist in
most cases all an abusive partner needs
is physical access to the phone the
password in 20 minutes to install the
software I installed one of these
tracking apps spies II onto my own cell
phone it took me less than 10 minutes in
just a couple hours it was pulling my
text messages and tracking my location
and so do you find that there's a lot of
people that do this yeah it's all the
time you know I mean how many grieved
about spouses are out there this by
where I installed runs in the background
invisible to the user that means even if
a victim suspects they're being watched
they'll have a hard time proving it
that's where a forensic investigator
like Leon Marais comes in I asked him to
analyze my phone I've got the cell phone
I'm going to open up now and I connected
so you're getting all of my personal
information oh you'll see doing forensic
analysis on a cell phone isn't cheap
Maury can charge up to $200 an hour the
dashboard once posi shows you all the
different communication oh my god it has
my whatsapp messages oh yeah absolutely
yeah what else can you get the location
history browser history everything to do
with social media yeah it's a big
business I mean the people are making a
lot of money it's getting better and
more sophisticated every year people who
install these apps onto their spouses
phone are typically in violation of
three laws the federal wiretapping
statute the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act
in the federal stalking statute but
prosecution is rare at least in part
because detection is rare and difficult
it took Leon over 24 hours of analysis
to identify spies II on my phone some of
these companies websites have
disclosures saying the apps can't be
used for illegal use and some have ways
to report abuse but that doesn't stop
people from doing it
we attempted to find out some extremely
basic information about the people
behind these apps we asked five
companies to provide the name of their
CEO in the country they're based in we
also asked if they are aware of any
illegal use of their apps only one my
mobile watchdog got back to us its CEO
Robert Lauder said that he is aware of
my mobile watchdog being used for
domestic abuse but that they disabled
the account and refer the victims to law
enforcement when notified
although Harper has been divorced from
her husband for more than a year she
still shares custody of their children
so even after you left the marriage
you're still feeling like you're being
surveilled Williams because I don't know
if he's planted anything on the children
children have cell phones so their cell
phones can be used as well the number of
stalking apps is going up and the smart
devices in homes become more common the
busers have even more ways to control
their spouses with technology that means
the problem isn't getting any better for
Harper and other victims do you think
you'll ever be able to get to a point
where you feel like you're not being
throughout no just because of the person
that he is it's all about control
domination I don't take his threats
lightly
you
you
