tomorrow Attorney General Jeff Sessions
is expected to announce a new gameplan
for busting leakers both in the White
House and across the u.s. intelligence
agencies who continue to undermine and
humiliate the president just this
morning another leaked surface
embarrassing transcripts of phone calls
Trump made to the leaders of Mexico and
Australia back in his first week in
office these people should be fired
they should be out of government they're
disloyal to our government so far those
leakers have managed to remain anonymous
but the Justice Department does have one
alleged Informer to make an example out
of reality winner a government
contractor accused of handing classified
information to the press she's currently
being prosecuted under the Espionage Act
a once rare practice that increased
dramatically under President Obama and
could become even more common under the
Trump administration the first American
ever charged under the Espionage Act for
releasing information to the press with
Daniel Ellsberg a military analyst who
in 1971 leaked the top-secret indictment
of the war in Vietnam known as the
Pentagon Papers Ellsberg narrowly
escaped conviction and became an
anti-war activist David Noriega visited
Ellsberg at his home in California
Daniel Ellsberg's home office is crowded
with books notes and pictures from the
time he spent in Vietnam as a member of
the Foreign Service losses when you're
on getting home for a couple of years oh
yeah for two years I was reading in the
late 60s working as an analyst for the
RAND Corporation Ellsberg helped write
the Pentagon Papers before he turned
against the war and leaked them he was
not only charged with a felony for the
leak the Nixon White House also sent a
team of burglars including some who
would later participate in the Watergate
break-in to steal files from his
psychiatrist parts of the 27,000 page
file that the FBI kept on Ellsberg are
lying around his office it begins with a
memo about the break-in clearly what is
the first night thank you never have
never rumors just too much the Nixon
administration went after Ellsberg hard
but he escaped by a hair the case
against him fell apart when the judge
found out about the break-in there were
a lot of right ways and this little
project isn't and this was honest if
convicted
Albert would have faced 115 years in
prison I assumed I was breaking a law
and that I would be prosecuted and that
the effect would probably be a life
sentence so you had to square yourself
with the idea of spending the rest of
your life in prison before you could
really start releasing I think I
wouldn't have thought of doing that if I
want for example of young Americans who
were going to prison to protest the war
non-violently and it didn't take a lot
of thought or anguish so the decision to
be willing to go to prisons and the war
wasn't that difficult for you no it was
a question of realizing that this could
make a difference and that it was worth
going to prison if there was even a
small chance of shortening the war so
there's this moment of realization or
radicalization perhaps where you realize
that you're willing to make this
sacrifice yeah do you think it's
possible for the government to
effectively and decisively suppress that
they suppress it in nearly everyone
it seemed to me so self-evident this is
worthwhile when at the moment when I
came to it that I hoped that my example
would make many other people realize oh
I can do that and that's the right thing
to do it didn't happen until Chelsea
Manning and then three years later we
had Snowden it's basically not easy to
find others those of the three who've
done that on a large scale in 40 years
Ellsberg Steve Snowden and Manning as
fellow travelers he's ardently defended
them in the face of controversy and he
draw the distinction between them and
people who leak for political advantage
and with the tacit approval of their
bosses so the people who are linking I
think are doing so in part for
institutional reasons to protect their
institution it's not so much the public
at large we're really seeing weeks that
are dangerous to the president could
embarrass him to the president by
agencies had feel themselves endangered
by the president and that's standard
kind of Lee you were the first person to
be prosecuted under the Espionage Act
for releasing information to the
American public
since then the use of that statute in
that context has skyrocketed you could
say nine or ten prosecutions under Obama
doesn't seem like so many but it's three
times more than there were before Obama
now I expect there to be quite a few
under Trump I think that Obama said a
very bad precedent error of using the
act we have our first sort of high
profile likely Espionage Act case with
reality winner and I guess I'm wondering
Eve Trump begins to use the Espionage
Act against leakers and journalists to
an unprecedented degree yeah which he
hasn't done here which he hasn't done
yet but do you think that could ever
completely chill the impulse of the
whistleblower there will be people like
Manning and Snowden who are prepared to
take the consequences the Pentagon
Papers of Afghanistan I'm sure would
look just like the Pentagon Papers of
yet I'm sure we can send more
whistleblowing than we're now
getting we need it you can't have a free
society can't have a democratic society
without unauthorized disclosures
you
