when a neo-nazi website called for an
army of trolls to go after a Jewish
woman in Montana the site's publisher
Andrew Anglin got sued it's the first
big case against all right trolls and
could draw a new line between what's
considered protected free speech and
what counts of illegal harassment this
was apparently a whorehouse back at one
point and there's a dead hooker in here
someplace
not her body but there the legend is
this place is haunted by Rosie the the
dead prostitute but given my practice
we're dead dead hookers are our spirit
animal so we're okay with that
Marc grande azza is best known for
representing the porn industry on First
Amendment issues yeah you know where the
 place we ate at the other day was
it's right there now he's representing
Andrew Anglin the founder of the
neo-nazi website the daily stormer news
it so happens our behind absolutely
every problem that we face as a society
England is a prolific troll who combines
classic white supremacy with the latest
teenagers memes with a series of posts
he raised more than a hundred and fifty
thousand dollars for his legal-defense
whether or not I agree with somebody's
content is irrelevant to whether I'll
represent them in fact I find that I do
better work when I don't agree with them
so you don't like his substance about
what do you think of his style I don't
have any judgment on that his trolling
look there are people who crack me up
with their trolling all right you know
for troll level 100 I mean some of the
best trolls in the business are friends
of mine mr. Anglin is a pretty
run-of-the-mill when it comes to trying
to troll somebody England jumped into
the fray of a small town dispute in
Whitefish Montana a local realtor there
named Tanya Gersh had sent an email to
the mother of white nationalist Richard
Spencer urging her to condemn his view
haled from hell our people hail victory
England took Spencer sighs and urged his
readers to participate in a troll storm
against curse she got hundreds of
threatening anti-semitic messages the
Southern Poverty Law Center filed suit
on Kirsch's behalf for intentional
infliction of emotional distress
invasion of privacy and intimidation
this is a call to action I always say
right Tanya Gersh please call her and
tell her what you think and hey if
you're in the area maybe you should stop
by and tell her in person what you think
of her actions
Daniel Citroen is a scholar who
literally wrote the book on digital
harassment SPLC consulted with her on
its original brief in the England case
gives her address gives her phone number
you can also leave a review of her
business on Google and perhaps note it's
a front for an extortion racket I'm not
seeing politically beat here hate speech
is protected by the First Amendment
threats aren't what about when someone
uses hate speech to urge a mob of trolls
to go after someone this lawsuit can
help to answer that what mr. Anglin and
what the daily stormer does is First
Amendment protected do you think he
incited a mob to harass Tanya for it to
be incitement speech has to call for
imminent lawless action you ask a lot of
people to speak you're not causing
imminent action tanya Gersh as far as I
see it did not get unwillingly brought
into this debate don't walk into that
arena if you don't want to get hit the
case comes at a time of increased
concern about online harassment
two-thirds of American adults have seen
someone harassed online and most
American adults think law enforcement
should do more about online harassment
what victims of online harassment are
constantly told is to turn off your
computer which betrays is completely
sort of backwards understanding about
what social media means for us today
we're all connected to it all the time
but the law hasn't recognized that yet
Mary Anne Frank's is a law professor at
the University of Miami she's helped to
make state laws that curb digital
harassment much the same way they
already
zone harassment so there's a possible
future where the potential price for
criticizing the outright or Nazi is not
that your life is ruined right I think
that there is a potential for a court to
say we are not really going to look at
the rights of the worst people in
society we are going to look at the
rights of everybody and if you go all
the way back to the First Amendment
itself in the Constitution itself it was
not written for everybody that we the
people part totally lie
we didn't mean women we didn't mean
black people and if some extent we still
don't we can't try to whitewash the fact
that this is a case about anti-semitism
that this is a case about misogyny that
this is the case about really trying to
make the world safe for white supremacy
the question really has to be is this a
just result in a good and civilized
society do you think the country will be
a better place if you lose this case
wait for that question all day that's
good see that extension school training
right there Wow I just don't know what
the unintended consequences would be
because this is political speech you
know any time you give a little bit of
extra ammo of a censorship it gets used
so if we were to say yes in this
circumstance I just don't know where
that would end but wouldn't the country
be better off if I lose this case
I don't know
you
