okay item otaku shadow dynamics be
honest without it's forgettable
transactions the turbulent waters walls
and forties I think I mean is the
freedom I have on the availability of
that these are processes in our online
people people do everything behind
closed doors you have to be careful
about todo lo que estaban or Ando me
inform our las personas de Cerdan uncia
Deborah tomato rasam our condo human
wall destino
Tracy before Mohammed until qiyama Cana
acara Binaca Animal Hospital is Tonga in
this blonde but Holloway was that
negated knowledge
yes four years ago Tony Romo episode
okay la sala de la vela
Oh goodbye mr. Hadi ulang tahun selamat
undo Basilio many economy model
millennium Papa you yo mama
Funakoshi follow Baba Yaga Baba Baba
bhai had a compiled a human yo-yo ma
maybe somewhere in May 2013 Thailand's
royal army staged a coup and seized
control of the country declaring a state
of emergency the ruling junta began to
crack down on civil liberties and
silence dissent a series of cyber laws
have now been proposed that would
increase the state's power to control
and monitor the internet some Taiwan of
what manager at what level should
Americans you'll although cool or give
up well I mean Rhiannon even my panda
hon keep taking let's say leap are very
perhaps it is a kid to soccer angular
I'll tell you that they do do a binary
that live in response activists have
declared a cyber war on the tae joon's
are attacking government websites and
urging tourists to boycott Thailand we
are anonymous the conditions that are
necessary for an open tamper free
internet are systematically attacked
within the Kingdom of Thailand and we
will not sit idly by and watch another
nation construct a Great Firewall with
the laws like the Computer Crimes Act
and lace majest√©
Thai citizens do not have the right to
freedom of expression at all the huntin
is using the lace mattress law as a
political weapon to stifle free speech
may yo hey hey na hoku
buttons I need bin times I do Depot
flower Mart on a deeper toilet or I
would compose loud whooping yeah
we are appalled by the shockingly
disproportionate prison terms handed
down over the past few months in less
majesty cases in Thailand
the lesbo just a law or article 112
criminalizes the act of insulting
Thailand's King since the military coup
less majestic councilors have increased
significantly as have the length of
sentences being handed out cyber
activist rules ela is currently facing
45 years in prison if convicted of less
majesty his crime was posting some
teracle pictures and poems online he has
so far been held in prison for 20 months
awaiting trial
when less majestic cases are heard in
the military court they take place
behind closed doors with no right to
appeal the verdict Bernardo Guardi
Kahala even and like be you are one
horse or boner you got a Minnesota God
you go holy Union anaconda man who knew
you know aside a good man Sonya God who
our God King
yeah Honda car ah-ho-ho me Amida Buddha
Buddha negara anyone no men on Oahu
Beauvoir panna cotta young body happy
not only home habits are l the honey on
TV happy overall mimetic hajiman
understand how how ey how many voted on
yon opportunity committed changing our
our disorder sera gamble Rebecca 1300 ah
ah - firefighters - aha the burning
falafel Pakistan remain my neighbor -
father
a rockabilly impotence a video calling
calamity anon winter is a volunteer for
Thai lawyers for human rights an
organization established two days after
the coup a boy pile in went to meet an
on to find out more about on the fibers
case it sounds like flapping for my
opinion full of malaria common sense
Alejandra but in Europe incognita tongue
ricotta handy for the opa-locka of
zombie there this knowledge as well he
Steven Fei Yan son gave it with a hand
with those the handbook taffy because
it's a powerful informa muscle on a high
jehanne absence in Vancouver Managua I
guess of una cara hanim Jeremy's neck
way of the world
I were to read to put done to Emily home
would imagine 30 outfits house
rings allows accuser is Colonel Olin
circus em a cyber cop with the
government technology crime suppression
division concealed on it Elise and I go
of cotton Indonesian computers cabin na
kar local community accounting podium in
the diadem in condom and Bank of my mix
in Tamil I can come green community you
know about the organ signature manager I
do a pentamer Hanzo van de nada Newman
donate over my pocket a new tempo tempo
9 in song
Momoko muhammad and so mom it enhan
Subin can't cloud and community campy de
NOC caliber tokens and even Tila Kolob
congrats for Nia M upon my maiden name
is a maximum negative of impending
dialogue from me
mooing Antietam Lincoln corner for
Melania la una cosa de la la la camara
respond upon della form and own counsel
along with less majesty a series of new
cyber laws and a proposal for a single
Internet gateway have been met with
protests
although the government have said the
proposals are to enhance the digital
economy human rights groups warned that
they will lead to increased internet
surveillance and censorship since the
coup public officials at any level are
empowered to block websites directly
with sites critical of the government
being the most censored the Teijin to
have summoned at least 1340 activists
party supporters and human rights
defenders for questioning and a practice
dubbed political attitude adjustment the
Internet freedom organization Tyler -
hands hold digital security workshops to
help Thais stay anonymous online
internet freedoms have obviously defined
in our respects after the recent group
there was a recent case where a user who
sent a parody song about the prime
minister on line which is the most
popular one-on-one chat application in
Thailand was arrested over a rigidly you
know for spreading false call false
computer information the best advice we
can give people given these kinds of
interpretations is that you might as
well stop posting anything
stop saying anything online you know
stop sending any line messages stop
using Facebook
stop using Twitter again this is a level
of interpretation we're at the problem
in Highland is that the government
especially the last few months likes to
use the word national security as a kind
of excuse to increase the unaccountable
powers of the of the police or the
military I think that's what worries a
lot of people Camargo mr. Levin Verma to
appeal a Ong teamwork anga Common Core
Nicaraguan people - me being paranoid on
name soon consumed American cat
vocalizer - Japanese - con tomate o
internet diverse le mekong sedan poo
Amazon a liar - dye my hair a name we
can
jung-hwan replied it is a something in
recent months time media have been
reporting that hackers are targeting
government websites Sinai recycling
Antoinette to have got a fat head pin
back soon have been FEMA home collectors
and hot America super warbling hacker
group logo angwa to press all this on
compact would would why hiccup knowing
our Nathan got from that kinda brought
hate heart the anonymous affiliated
group blank hackers claimed to have
attacked 300 government websites in the
name of online freedom of speech they
agreed to meet vice news at an
undisclosed location instead of freedom
entirely the job
the common can conquer having me be
candid with everyone as the other girl
aunty harder feed on all of it well
that's why were the times are days we
are in T time for advice so let's say if
we try to go get a family sorry
you can gotta do this and animals the
bathroom pocket already as why we are
looking at it happens every word unless
you happen that these are some design a
muscle and so you are on there are more
time we bring you our defense weapon for
the movie our children first and I
didn't and working hard faded years of
our pitch before of defeating is
ensuring that mr. universities run it I
can attend upon fear and critical
difference both
down place the cold
and no tsunami efficient effective
everyone can do you can do anything I'm
an additional how to do any anybody can
guess in the NSA was I all and libels
happen upon the Abby had been beat up by
a Hobart also having a sighs Maxie at
Apple well my motivation is if I for
integer there's more tearful ABAP helmet
and a Panama because you can cover the
poor people this week so it has not not
the hero
Amaya if we see the intestinal freedom
all general you bastard some people is
manga called for forming for others we
kind of figured so consider the finger
as Paul soon ran and he April 11th man
be a hermit until the Bologna highway
Lorena green Jan Lewan technology media
who add the pie local out town to miss
would love Tom Boonen
Thailand may be seen by the rest of the
world of mcgillich tourist destination
but recent Recurly and sentencing of
those expressing themselves online has
led to increasing international
condemnation
although financial and political
pressure on the government is slowly
building it remains to be seen what
tangible effect this will have on those
who have found themselves in the wrong
side of the military's rule they are
using an e oh ha ha
I got robot prolong I am happy my home
how about the die-hard EDD a lot a local
honor how did they give me one looks
wonderful
I came here
