I'm a truck driver sort of price shopper
right now it's a local company I'm going
to have me breakfast coffee I'm going to
go don't forget to brush your teeth
before you go to bed I don't think I'll
be going to bed before mommy leave you
can helps to clean up and put everything
away
by ani love you
I leave the house at nine o'clock in at
10:00 drivers can work 14 hours on duty
11 hour driving they can send me out in
one really long dispatch or I could do a
bunch of short one
I became a truck driver because I was a
19 year old single mom sharking has
provided me with financial stability it
has me any financial provider for my son
I would say being local it's almost
harder on the driver and open role
because when you're over the road all
there is to do is sleep when you're not
working so it's real easy to get your
rest when your local your family is
expecting you but you have a obligation
to get your rest before you drive this
massive beautiful
and then there are the people who think
because of my fimo I have it easy which
is not true when I was in a sleeper cab
for a different company
I was outside the post market and the
managers or fever was saying you must
get so lonely in that truck would how
about you come out to dinner with me you
can just my house a shower if you want I
declined and I had to keep going back
there and because I declined
he wouldn't unload my trailer he'd make
me sit there and wait and maybe the last
truck we were heading to the warehouse
we're going to drop it in a door so that
the warehouse workers can unload it
we're going to clean out the trailer
it's going to go back in line he fills
again for another discussion
this pork
there's really no one to call it four in
the morning all you have is radio that's
one bad thing about working nights but
everyone knows that driving construction
easier at night open road I don't know
about the future
drones are never going to be delivering
our sub pallets of food that's not
happening it's not complying my life I
know our lifestyle and we're not going
to be able to advance five losses so my
license is my resume I treated seriously
to take the job seriously it's a good
feeling having a career no one's going
to stop me you know from getting my son
the life so I think I'll find a way
you
