the fact that Trump has put relatives
and top jobs both in the White House and
in his businesses makes him a target for
ethics watchdogs but to some in the
entrepreneur community the Trump name is
still the gold standard of American
success last year the CEO of Trump
hotels and the president's sons Donald
Jr and Eric announced big plans the
creation of two new hospitality brands
meant to expand the family's portfolio
the downmarket
American idea line and a four star
luxury lion called sayang sayang heels
fell through in major cities but the
company did find a willing taker in tiny
Cleveland Mississippi it's here in this
12,000 person town but a family that
models itself on the Trump's will try to
bring the first family's new vision to
life this is the first Scion hotel in
America or at least it will be it might
not look like much now but soon the rear
walls we replaced with sliding glass
doors that will open to the poolside
cabanas a 13 room state house will fit
in the back of the property along with
the spa and out front on the lagoon a
dock for patrons to quote eat drink and
be merry so this is actually going to
change Dinesh Chawla the CEO of Chawla
hotels took us around the scions as head
of development and operations he and his
brother Suresh owned the hotel but the
Trump's have operational control the
financial terms of the agreement are
confidential
but the trumps were paid a consulting
fee and they'll earn a percentage of
profits the Cholas have already spent 20
million building this property and the
additions the Trump's want will cost
them another 1.5 but one thing they
won't be getting for their money is the
actual Trump name would you have
preferred that it was Trump's American
idea or Trump Scion hotel so that did
carry you know the weight of that brand
no I think it would have been more of a
distraction you know I mean if the
president puts out a tweet I think so
much energy is put into dissolving what
each verb and adjective means even
without the name the tallest think the
connection to Donald Trump is worth it
when I was an mba student in the 80s he
was one of the men you know he was a
swashbuckler who was reinventing the
Manhattan skyline and taking old
buildings and doing something with them
and so he's always been somebody that
you know I thought was very successful
and worth emulating on the businessman
but the challahs had another connection
to the Trump in 1988 a convenience store
owner cold called Donald Trump he wanted
Trump to loan him nearly half a million
dollars to open a hotel in Greenwood
Mississippi his name was dr. Vijay
Chawla and he was Dinesh his father he
never said anything to anybody nobody
knew what happened until Donald Trump
called back the next day and my mother
answered the phone and said you know
there's a call from Donald Trump's
office do you think this is a prank and
well no I mean he said right away let me
take the call what was the advice that
he gave your father he said on one hand
you've led a very interesting life
you've accomplished a lot and you've
seen part of the American Dream and I
know you'll make it if you keep at it
but he told him to stop sticking with
the conventional financing angle and dad
took his advice to heart and three
months later he got the financing cholas
dad hadn't just seen the American Dream
he lived it his father and two brothers
were killed during violent clashes in
the fight for Indian independence as a
kid challahs father spent almost 10
years in a refugee camp he left India in
1965 for Canada where he eventually
earned a PhD in chemistry before moving
to the US he passed away two years ago
the day we arrived was July 7th 1977
which is 77 77 lucky day for us we came
here because my father he was a
scientist he had done well in government
research and he was becoming very
prominent but he hit a ceiling because
of some racial discrimination issues in
Canada so like anybody who's trying to
leave a racial discrimination type
environment we moved to Mississippi yeah
dr. Chawla opened his first hotel in
1989 now the family empire consists of
17 properties throughout the Mississippi
Delta
but the Scion is the most expensive and
vicious project the challahs have ever
done for people that say that this is a
terrible idea and this is risky and this
is a bad investment what have you said
to them I don't need 300 million people
to back my idea I need a hundred people
staying in a hundred rooms to back the
idea on a nightly basis the deal
certainly is different Cleveland is an
exactly chump country in fact it's
overwhelmingly democratic and if the
idea is to attract outside visitors
they're looking at a two-hour drive from
any major airport as for the main
attractions in Cleveland there's Delta
State University and the Grammy Museum
which hosts about 150 people a day you
know they've never been in a non luxury
market they've never been in Mississippi
so why did you think they would know
what was best for Cleveland they don't
know what's best for Cleveland they know
what's best for a particular type of
guest and the type of guests that
they're trying to bring to the area's
same type of guests we're doing the kind
of publicity that we're getting and the
resources that they're bringing to the
table make it more likely to be a
success than if we had just gone out
there and pounded the pavement and you
know hat in hands and give us a shot
you
you
