in Congress today a House subcommittee
approved draft legislation that would
allow manufacturers to put up to a
hundred thousand driverless vehicles per
year on the road it's a step towards
robots replacing us behind the wheel and
phasing out taxi and truck drivers
that's a ways off but there's one robot
named Sam who doesn't need anyone's
permission to operate
Sam's a bricklayer and is very good at
its job this is Sam it's a robot put
together with off-the-shelf parts by a
company called construction robotics it
looks more like a chest freezer than
c-3po but it can lay more than 3,000
bricks a day once it gets going the best
human Masons can do about 1,000 and Sam
never makes mistakes or gets tired
the company has six of them building
walls across America the efficiency on
construction sites has been very
stagnant or declined in the last 20 30
years whereas manufacturing efficiency
has increased significantly a lot of
that is due to robotics and technologies
we looked at a lot of different
applications and tried to hone in on
areas where you had repetitive motion a
lot of physical activity what are the
pieces that make it up and how do they
work together to help it lay a wall we
have some fencing technology that looks
at the laser that's mounted to the wall
on the story pole system corrects for
the movement on the scaffold puts the
brick right where it's supposed to go we
have a mortar system that tempers the
mortar measures the mortar and applies
the mortar to the brick we have a bunch
of electronics a bunch of sensors and
then onboard power that's all there is
to it the day I was there Sam made a
record three thousand two hundred and
sixty-seven bricks in eight hours so the
robot still requires at least two human
beings to do finishing work and feed at
bricks and mortar as it moves along this
castle overall the robot has laid 50,000
bricks on the site since June first so
if we're looking at a construction site
and 15 20 years how does it look
different today they'll probably be
maybe a little bit less workers but
really it's about smarter and more
efficient equipment does that give you
any poles when you develop Robo we look
at jobsite robots in particular as
really a way to augment the work
but I mean with respect every industry
that starts to automate has that same
line they say it's going to augment the
worker and of course for a little while
it does or meant the work that sure but
in five years time if you have your way
if you're robotic so much more efficient
and so much more cost-efficient maybe
that augmentation slips into something a
little different
there's a huge amount of variation on a
jobsite and I see humans continuing to
be part of the loop for a long time the
truth about robots is that nobody
completely knows when or even how they
will start to truly affect the economy
the consulting company McKinsey said
earlier this year that more than half of
the US economy could be automated by
but that prediction McKinsey warned
might be out by 20 years in either
direction those on the front lines
the Masons on the site had very
different views about Sam
how many brick can you lay in a day fire
girl IRA awfully right here we're
talking about my Condor have you seen
robot up there machine is good for a
long war but I don't see going worth any
more right now architects and everybody
is concentrate to have difficulty of
more pieces does it worry you not really
I think that Robert is not super fast
too many men to take care of the machine
by the time you said all the lasers and
all this stuff take too much time I
don't know how many years is going to be
taking too before we lose yeah it's
going to be long time are you worried
about your job in the future
si como invent our own aura estimate
inna petrol harlequin el futuro
inventing algo trabajo so traumatic inna
que que que ayuda a la misma machina
element RL in theatres told me that Sam
has doubled in speed in the few years of
construction robotics been working on it
and that the company is currently
building other robots to augment
repetitive construction jobs there will
be a tipping point where you almost
can't compete with the robots I think
from an efficiency standpoint and in
do a job to any level of efficiency of
any scale or size you will need the
robots to be able to achieve that do you
understand what that might be a little
unsettling so it makes it absolutely a
bottom line is that young people don't
want to go into mainstream they don't
want to go into these hard difficult
dangerous tasks it's that people you
know 50 years ago would absolutely love
to go into do you think robots can still
die again in some cases they may
completely fill it but I think there'll
be other opportunities for different
style careers in construction as time
goes on it's just the job looks a little
bit different going down the road
because it's interacting with a robot
you
