human sex trafficking is the fastest
growing business in organized crime and
police departments across the country
haven't been able to keep up many sex
trafficking victims start out as
Runaways but the police don't prioritize
their cases because most Runaways
eventually come home and when they don't
there isn't much that officers can do
unless the child had been seen being
kidnapped with the police on the
sidelines very few people are left to
take up the search but in San Diego
which has one of the highest sex
trafficking rates in the country
a group of rogue volunteers is hunting
for the missing on their own
the only about 20 30 minutes away look
for my Hummer when you get in the
Starbucks Harkema Joseph Travers run
saved in America a nonprofit network of
28 former Navy SEALs and police officers
now volunteer their time rescuing
missing children at risk of sex
trafficking
many of them have asked that we protect
their identities they do this in
addition to their day jobs Rick is
undercover out in front of the house so
as soon as you guys are set up if you
see the girls run go ahead and snatch
her up we got a power of attorney and
then we're going to call the PD though
they have the police report it's gang
infested and they got lookouts
everywhere today they're helping the
local police retrieve a 14 year old girl
named Lily and you see the girl outside
when Lily went missing she was initially
classified as a runaway it's been almost
a month without any active police
investigation into her absence when
someone comes to saved America what
stage are they at most of the parents
are in a panic stage and they're waiting
for something to happen so now the
family is at a standstill they have to
go find their child on their own and
most people don't know how to do that so
we fill that gap
Joseph's team uses social media research
and undercover techniques to find
children's whereabouts as soon as they
have a location they work with the
parents and police to have the child
picked up can you come talk to the
sergeant Lily's mother Ruth has come
along to the search sergeant how you
doing
suppose the Traverse how are you Mike
this is mom
Ruth her daughter's inside down okay the
14 year old yeah so your guys got a
positive ID on her and the front yard
that she went back in the house we are
not going to be able to force entry on a
runaway juvenile just telling you that
right now then one who's traffic
unfortunately there's these allegations
of trafficking but has there been prime
cases taken that she comforted the
victim anonymously yeah and even if
there was that still is into a position
where we're going to be allowed to kick
it Thor down with him alone cannot do
that so police say they don't have
enough probable cause to enter the home
by force
once they surround the house saved in
America volunteers spots Lilly in the
backyard it was able to reunite her with
her mom really ask that we conceal her
identity and it goes good job
on January 30th Ruth woke up to find
Lilly was missing but the local police
in her hometown in Utah concluded that
Lilly had run away but there was nothing
they could do she's really had left on
her own
my my solace she never runs across a cop
then you're telling me she's never going
to be found heroes well basically that's
kind of how it is how long did it take
siege in America to find Lily two days
two months after Lilly was retrieved
Ruth headed to the office of Utah
Congressman Chris Stewart hoping that he
could pressure law enforcement to treat
runaway cases more seriously
the congressman wasn't sure where to
start I basically was on my own I said
why is my daughter not important why
isn't anybody listening to me I'm not
going to wait around somebody comes and
offers me help I'm going to go out there
and try to find somebody that could help
me yeah and if there's something we
could do to stop this from happening to
someone else we want to do that because
not everyone's going to have a mom like
you I can tell you're discouraged I'm
sorry
I am because I really want things to
change I don't want nobody else but I
mean don't forget you got her you got
her back I don't just want to be greedy
and say you know why I got my daughter
and that's all I matter no I want to try
to help why is it that when someone
reports a runaway it can be a long time
before people act on their case unless
it's an urgent situation the police
unfortunately because it and I come out
of that field
there's just they don't have the
resources so if you have a missing child
a runaway when law enforcement looks at
it it looks just like well she just left
because she wanted to be with her
boyfriend or whatever so it doesn't
appear to be a high priority situation
summer Stephen is San Diego County's
chief deputy district attorney in chief
of the sex crimes and human trafficking
division the studies tell us that we
have about 5,000 victims of sex
trafficking in San Diego County annually
we don't encounter that many we
prosecute between us and the federal
government about a hundred cases a year
but there are so many more victims
summer could not say how much funding
the sex trafficking task force receives
the San Diego Police Department declined
to participate in the story do you see a
private group like saved in America as
being part of the larger community of
resources that can be pooled for
something like this do they help or ever
harm an investigation that your team is
already a part of they can be very
helpful because victims sometimes don't
trust police you know a private
investigator doesn't have the police
powers and so long as they abide by
their ethical duties of staying in their
lane and operating and providing
information to police then we welcome
them
were there for the paradisal resource I
think the greatest thing that could
happen is saved in America didn't have
to exist
you
