this is one of the biggest Christian
right conventions in the lead-up to the
midterms there are powerful religious
leaders politicians like Paul Ryan Ted
Cruz Marco Rubio we must continue to
defend religious liberty the last 16
months have been the single best period
for conservative values since I came to
Washington back in 1985 it seems like
everybody media included it focus on
president Trump's morality what are they
missing about what evangelicals want
policy good policy what are sort of the
top areas that evangelicals care about
well certainly pro-life is one of those
things and he's been strong on for life
Jerusalem was huge yeah that was great
how about the appointment of some
conservative judges right Supreme Court
justice and maybe one more before long
we send a mixed message to our members
suggesting that to be faithful to the
gospel we ought to align with a
particular administration brothers and
sisters right now there is a world
filled with people who are going to hell
and what we need to be about is the
gospel and anything that can distort
that to step backward and not a step
forward thank you to me evangelicals
prioritized morality and yet they played
a huge part and getting him elected yeah
how did that happen
I think people are frightened I think I
think they're frightened at this speed
at which things are changing culturally
Southern Baptists would you give a warm
Southern Baptist welcome vice president
Mike
for some people evangelicalism now is
like a political party divorced from its
you know theological roots
