at 8 p.m. tonight travel ban 2.0
officially goes into effect and this
time around there probably won't be
seeing of chaos and family separated
because unlike the first travel ban
announcement this one didn't come out of
thin air 72 hours ago the Supreme Court
allowed a revised version of the ban to
go into effect as they wait until the
fall to hear the constitutional
arguments around the president's order
but in the meantime there are exceptions
any person from the six targeted
countries with a credible claim of a
bona fide relationship with a person or
entity in the u.s. can come in the
problem is there's no standard legal
definition of a bona fide relationship
vague language from the Supreme Court
means that the Trump administration
State Department gets to fill in the
blank and overnight they did according
to the State Department a bona fide
relationship is essentially a
parent-child spouse sibling and daughter
or son-in-law lawyers say they'll be
stationed here at JFK
because they're expressing confusion
around what the term really means
there's no definition there's no
immigration legal definition for what a
bona fide relationship is there are
other terms that qualify relationships
and immigration law that are defined
bona fide relationship is not one of
them it was left to the discretion of
the you know the administration to
implement the administration's dead-on a
briefing call today but they basically
crimped the definition of families from
the Immigration and Nationality Act and
added mothers and fathers in law because
the court told them to but for the
communities actually affected by the ban
the prospect of having to defend certain
family relationships is downright
offensive
I am Syrian American so to us you know
family is more than just your nuclear
family it creates a lot of confusion to
try to explain what does that mean so
there's a little bit of a cultural
discrepancy there between these how the
State Department has defined families
and
what they actually mean in various
cultures that this is going to impact
yes definitely I think it's dangerous
when a government is trying to redefine
what family means
you
