President Trump was in Cedar Rapids last
night for a make America great again
rally and just like any veteran touring
act he played his greatest hit
we will never be intimidated by the
dishonest media corporations who will
say anything and do anything to get
people to watch their screens or to get
people to buy their failing papers Trump
supporters hate the media a Pew poll
from May found that in the Trump era the
partisan divide over the role of the
press is the largest it's been since
they began asking this question evan
McMorris Santoro went to Cedar Rapids to
find out why the fake news they tell you
this make Duke think
so what do you think I don't hate the
media to decline anything that we're
more biased or we're haters or some to
that effect because I guess we only have
one way of looking at things even though
I have multiple ways of looking at
things I'm not a sexist racist pig that
most media outlets called Trump
supporters most of time you know that's
another thing I had a problem with the
media I thought Trump was talking about
groupies all they said is he grabbed it
by the if you pull your panties
down and wave them in a guy's face who's
famous like if you go back to the KISS
concert there's a lot of grab Mumbai the
 you go to Bruce Springsteen
concert and chickens back there drops
her panties she may want to get dropped
and she wanted may want to get grabbed
by the but is that a job
environment you want that at the post
office where you working the media have
covered that story then the media should
have said woman's eyes I'd like to get
there because he's grabbed a lot of
voters understood he was talking about
groupies it's like saying I gave her
five bucks and she dropped her panties
at the script when she was working at a
strip joint that's what you're doing
sniffers row right okay while not
sending only standing by them it's not
true they just blow out of proportion
make it bigger than me
I want media to focus more on what's
happening in America I'm not going to
 what house he's got are you drum
track I didn't vote I can't vote I'm a
felon okay I guess I don't know have the
opinion on a president cuz I can't I
can't voice my vote sorry to go that is
completely cover enough for something
matters that cover more it's nonstop
politic politics politics politics it's
all about Russia Russia Russia there is
not one shred of evidence that Russia
Hector
take their situation well there's a
federal investigation into it right
there shouldn't we be covering that a
federal investigation into loot at the
DMV one of the federal investigation
into Russian involvement in the Trump
campaign that's the federal vegetation
the two ongoing right now no good how
you do what's your name my name is Bill
I see you bill seems like your person
doesn't believe the media that much I
know I don't I will never believe the
media until they get off the climate
change King I would like to know where
some of these celebrities went to school
and what was their major in college mine
happens to be environmental science
science has to be provable and
repeatable okay I would like to know
where the ice went that was right here
ten thousand years ago did primitive man
drive cars got it thank you sir nice
talk to you thank you very much what
should the media do differently like if
you want to be if you had a chance to
tell them what you want to see them do
what would it be
what would your doing listen to people
like me I think you guys live in a
bubble you know and you see things from
only your worldview and you don't you
don't think that the other people out
here you know in Minnesota and Iowa that
aren't idiots
you're not rednecks not racist no we're
not homophobia folks and all the other
craft that we saw you know and you
should you should respect our opinions
and
out and see what people want to be
covered from our point of view
