today voters in Montana went to the
polls to choose a replacement for the
state's solitary House seat which has
been empty since Ryan's Enki was
confirmed as Secretary of the Interior
what was already a quirky campaign
pitting folk-singing Democrat Rob quit
against Republican Greg John forté took
a turn for the Sinister yesterday when
this happened the last time you can do
to the basement
a lie Guardian reporter Ben Jacobs
confronted John forté about the GOP
health care bill and John forté
attacked him with a now infamous body
slam
Evan McMorris Santoro spoke to Jacob via
Skype from Montana
now viewers should know that we actually
know each other and we kind of like each
other probably good to get that out of
the way in the beginning June 14th
campaign said that you entered this
private office where he was conducting
an interview you were basically you know
like acting like a jerk essentially they
they say aggressive and you wouldn't
stop when they asked you to is that
there ah no that's incorrect I mean
their entire statement was riddled with
falsehoods that it was in a private
office it was a open open space um that
there wasn't you know a door that I
pushed through a car through a window
and that it was just joining in asking a
question of you know I did event for a
candidate for office of D candidate for
office um this was a public event this
was something that advised that I was
attending in GF or T's campaign is
dismissed you as a liberal journalist
now Republicans run against the press
basically all the time these days but
now one is specifically running against
you how does it what does that mean to
you it's not about me this is about
freedom of the processes about the First
Amendment this is about reporters being
able to ask basic policy questions it's
kind of it's on important issues of the
day and be able to expect you know to
you know expect to not get violently
assaulted in the course of doing that do
you thing
that what we saw from Gian Forte his
behavior was in part anything that we
can attribute to the way politics are
now maybe in parts of the way to Trump
ran his campaign that I've never never
faced physical so interviewing Donald
Trump covering the Trump campaign
dealing with Trump campaign persons
there's certainly been some issues to
run around that campaign that everyone's
responsible for their own actions we
asked you in 48 for an interview but we
got no response the timing of this thing
is really wild hours before the polls
opened Jian Forte's altercation with Ben
Jacobs change the entire conversation
about this election newspaper that had
endorsed you in four day canceled their
endorsements Democrats launched a
digital ad specifically about the
altercation and reminded voters that
Pulis loaded a PM a lot of people really
want this moment to change this election
but people in Montana like to vote by
mail it's a pretty big State and a
significant number of votes have already
been cast in this election there are six
hundred ninety nine thousand four
hundred ninety eight registered voters
in Montana by yesterday afternoon before
bodies Lea made more than two hundred
fifty nine thousand of them had already
sent in their ballot so more than a
third of potential voters had already
made up their minds and they can't
change them we even call the Montana
Secretary of State to see if people work
trying to change the routes they told us
the only ones calling were reporters
asking that dumb question before all
this happened the dynamics of this
election favored to win by June 4th day
Democrats will tell you the fact we're
talking about Montana at all is a win
for them another special election that's
closed because voters are energized
against Trump basic but close and
winning are not the same thing so
assuming G and forte win
does you get to be a respectable member
of the Republican caucus in Congress
Paul Ryan weighed in today
the choice will be made by the people of
Montana I do not think this is
acceptable behavior but the choice will
be made by the people of Montana and
it's not like members of Congress
haven't been aggressive before while in
Congress oh whoa
G so G and forte could get right in
