tonight violent homophobia spreads in
Indonesia the plot to destroy Obamacare
and the group that's redefining the boy
band more than 30 migrants most of them
toddlers drowned after a boat carrying
close to 500 people overturned off the
Libyan coast several EU and commercial
vessels were involved in the rescue
effort in the past week more than 7000
migrants have been rescued from both off
the country's western coast President
Trump had its first face-to-face meeting
with Pope Francis where they discuss
health care education and assistance for
immigrants the Pope also gave the
president a copy of his papal teaching
documents on the environment with the
two of plash publicly in the past during
Trump's campaign the pontiff said it was
not Christian to build walls instead of
bridges and Trump reacted with an insult
saying it was quote disgraceful for a
religious leader to question his faith
Vermont Governor Phil Scott vetoed a
bill that would have legalized
recreational marijuana he says he's not
quote
philosophically opposed to legalizing
pot but wants stiffer penalties for
people who drive when stoned and sell
marijuana to kids as education secretary
Betsy DeVos attempted to defend
president Trump's budget plan which
proposes massive cuts to education
initiatives but de Vos refused to say
whether she would block federal funding
for private schools that discriminate
against students states and local
communities are best equipped to make
these decisions and framework on behalf
of their I am shocked but you cannot
come up with one example of
discrimination that you would stand up
for students
taiwan's top court ruled that barring
same-sex unions is unconstitutional the
legislature has two years to change the
current law or to create new ones that
would make Taiwan in the first country
in Asia to legalize gay marriage in
other parts of Asia legal equality for
the LGBT community in moving the exact
opposite direction towards intolerance
and state sanctioned violence in Aceh
province in Indonesia the world's
largest muslim-majority country Sharia
law is now being enforced legally and
yesterday two men arrested for having
sex with publicly came
these 20 year old men which seemed 83
times by three enforcers
he took turns lashing them for breaking
Islamic law human rights advocates
compared the beatings to medieval
torture and the echoes are started to
ignore UN hadiri a channel in Japan a
legacy in Emilia malayalam prachi mijito
Cierre Mencia vita pesto java so Chara
logic honest opinion
Madonna assassinated upon or running so
that you committed an honest truthful it
was maybe well Hamal who dumped it among
Liang Liang
the couple was arrested in March after
neighborhood vigilantes broke into their
rented room and recorded them having sex
in a a homosexuality is punishable with
up to a hundred lashes a hundred months
in jail or with a fine of up to two
point two pounds of gold or about
$40,000 it's the only province in
Indonesia where it's officially
criminalized currently this man who
identifies as gay was willing to talk on
camera as long as we distorted his voice
and obscured his face maybe hiccup
tequila rum 350 people become Masood
indeed upon whom won't open the photo
currency kumi-sama bamboo rat
even smug Enya some politicians in the
country have expressed concerns about
the activism of the LGBT community
others have called for the
criminalization of gay sex and their
provinces and in the capital Jakarta on
Sunday
141 men were rounded up for attending
what police described as a gay sex party
the arrests appear to be part of a
rising tide of virulent homophobia under
D Gaiden public iku message o acidity
came from approximately between amongst
our people
in Tripoli today authorities arrested
the father and younger brother of
Manchester bombers and men and a baby
our baby's brother told officers that
the two had joined the Islamic state
which was quick to take responsibility
for the blast and that he was planning
an attack of his own in Libya the
investigation is likely just beginning
but it looks more and more certain that
the Manchester bombing was organized and
executed by a broader network of Isis
militants Tim Hudson has more police say
they're investigating what they've
called a possible Network for what we
don't know is exactly who's part of that
network and just how strong their links
are to Isis IBD is said to return from
Libya where his parents lived just days
before the suicide bombing and now
Arabic media has claimed they father was
wanted by the former regime of Muammar
Gaddafi so his links to the Libyan
Islamic fighting group and affiliates of
al-qaida now Isis has taken
responsibility for the attack as it has
been with many so called lone wolf
attacks that have taken place across
Europe over the past two years but the
potential link between Fermanagh baby's
father and al-qaeda suggests that Salman
could have connections to other
extremist groups not just Islamic state
I spoke to responsive ear a lecturer in
criminology and an expert in Islamic
extremism at Liverpool John Moores
University or one of the memorial sites
in Manchester I asked them how the
involvement of Isis changes the calculus
of the investigation if this does
transpire to be a incidence which has
been directed from a foreign
organization and a foreign territory
than I think it does signal a
significant shift this will indicate
something more centralized and therefore
something more strategic and I think
that's what really sounds this out it
would this be something different if he
did have links to al-qaeda rather than
to annex a AQI or al-qaeda and Isis this
distinction that's being made between
these two groups I would say in practice
is not as important as one would
probably think also I think it's
important to recognize here that prior
to the formation of Isis in around
2012-13 it was actually al-qaeda
according to its communication
propaganda magazines and document Asia
that was asking Westerners to also
undertake acts of political violence
here at home the critical security
levels in the United Kingdom is expected
to last a week but because of the
connections to Islamic state the
investigation by the intelligence
services could last months if not years
the Congressional Budget Office released
its updated assessment of the American
healthcare act
House Republicans Obamacare replacement
bill as expected the bill saves the
federal government less money than the
first version and takes coverage away
from slightly fewer people but the CBO
still estimates that 23 million more
Americans would be uninsured in 10 years
compared to the current system but
Republicans don't need to wait for the
replacement to start killing off
Obamacare
Alexandra Jackie explains a few years
ago Republicans found a key
vulnerability in the struggling
Affordable Care Act and seized on it
they zeroed in on a wonky part of the
law called cost-sharing reduction
subsidies or CSR subsidies Obamacare
requires insurance companies to offer
cheaper plans to lower-income
individuals and in return the government
pays these CSR subsidies to insurance
companies to help out the subsidies
allow insurers to offer cheaper co-pays
and lower deductibles CSR payments are a
relatively small part of Obamacare but
take them away and the system edges
towards a death spiral which of course
is exactly what Republicans want because
it gives them a reason to scrub it
president Trump has repeatedly
threatened to stop making the payments
and already the mere possibility that
the government could stop paying CSRs is
badly damaging the system here in
Delaware for example Aetna has already
said they're pulling out of the state's
Obamacare exchanges in 2018 leaving it
with only one insurer what's happening
with the Affordable Care Act is when the
funding is not in place and when all of
the procedures they had in place to make
sure that companies would remain solvent
able to remain on the exchange and be
able to offer affordable insurance when
that's pulled away the funding it's
going to die that's what's going to
happen with the ACA is that affecting
insurers just the possibility that this
could happen of course it is again this
is why at Knives left the marketplace
because they simply don't know and
what's their what they were asking for
was in excess of a 50 percent rate
increase assuming that the CSRs are in
place so I've seen studies
I indicate that if they're not in place
you'll see an additional 15 to 25
percent in addition to the rate increase
see you've described a pretty dire
situation would you say then Obamacare
is in a death spiral that we hear a lot
about at this point my hope were
optimistic that maybe in the lettuce our
that compromise will be made we do
believe that the ACA will be around for
at least another year
it's simply were simply running out of
time since 2007 more than half a million
Americans have enrolled in a program
called pslf or public service loan
forgiveness which guarantees that anyone
who dedicates 10 years of their career
to public service will have their
student loans forgiven the Trump
administration's budget threatens to gut
the program but for some people who
signed up for pslf the promise has
already been broken
I love working here
every day I get to wake up and and help
those that served our country
Kelsey Union has worked as an attorney
at Vietnam Veterans of America for three
years so DVI provides free legal
services to labels veteran yeah I can so
tell me about the case they're working
on
she has over two hundred thousand
dollars in student debt when she
accepted the job at VBA she was told
that it qualified for the public service
loan forgiveness program or PSLs so
after ten years her debt would be
cleared do you think if the program
didn't exist that you would have gone a
different route then after law school
definitely when I first interviewed for
this position here at Vietnam Veterans
of America in my interview it was
actually discussed that VBA qualified
for pslf and when they offered me the
position they used that as a recruitment
tool to be honest
had I known at the time that VBA may not
apply I probably would not have accepted
this position
Kelsey loans are overseen by fedloan
servicing a company the Department of
Education uses to administer loans last
year fed loans and her letter that
contradicted everything she had been
told before so when I first started
working at CBA I submitted my qualifying
employer form and they immediately
approved me about a year later I
resubmitted to recertify even though I
didn't have to but just to check in and
they approved me and then a couple of
months later I received this letter we
recently informed you that your employer
is an approved public service
organization we determines that Vietnam
Veterans of America is not for profit
that they do not provide a qualifying
public service and therefore does not
qualify for PSLs but that wasn't even
the worst part
the letter also said that Kelsey's years
at VB I wouldn't count toward the
ten-year public service requirement
quote please accept our apology for any
inconvenience this error may have caused
honestly when I first opened a letter I
thought of it they're mistaken
Jamie Rooter recruited Kelsey to VBI
when he worked as an attorney there he
told her that they clarified kinda he
was relying on the loan forgiveness
program to once I got on the program and
I started you know working at Vietnam
veterans America was actually my 30th
birthday so I was looking forward to
having my student loans forgiven at the
age of 40 but then last April Jamie
received the same letter you're much
more calm I think I would have had a
emotional breakdown and you know just
started panicking I did have a lot of
sleepless nights and a lot of anxiety
and I also have to decide who I want to
should I continue to rely on this should
I try to find another way to pay this
off you said you were you know looking
for answers from fedloan or the goe what
sorts of answers have they given i
contacted fedloan servicing and try to
appeal the decision internally and just
repeatedly got very generic answers that
the organization does not qualify but
notice explanation of why under the
program government organizations and
most nonprofits automatically qualify
but VBA is a private nonprofit so the
Department of Education decides whether
it counts as a public service
organization on the phone they would
just say this is the Department of
Education decision but there's really
nobody at the Department of Education
that you can get in touch with you know
I feel like that worked out really well
Rodie Chopra is a former Department of
Education employee he also oversaw
student loans at the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau so how is it possible
that fedloan servicing can issue an
employment certification form only to
have the Department of Education come in
a year or two later and say actually
that certification was meaningless well
this is one of the many reasons our
student loan system is so badly broken
is loan servicers are the ones who are
supposed to be able to give you clear
and accurate information about the
status of your loan now jamie along with
three other people and the American Bar
Association are suing the Department of
Education they argue the certification
process is arbitrary and that the
government can't just retro actively
decertified places like the
in its response to the lawsuit the
Department of Education denied that it
ever acted retro actively and says the
certifications Jamie and Kelsey received
from fedloan were never valid vice news
contacted fedloan who referred us to the
Department of Education and the
Department of Education declined to
comment if you're enrolled in a loan
forgiveness program you should be able
to rely on them that they're giving you
the right information and telling you
the truth with Asian Popeyes dominating
charts around the world a new band
called FFP a crush hoped to be China's
answer to k-pop
their spiky hair and suggestive dance
routine makes them the Platonic ideal of
the boy band good one exception their
girl
who's up my goal for the solution the
five members of China's hottest boy band
FSC a crush prefers to be referred to as
may Shao Yin or handsome youth the a in
a purse is for adonis and with their
short hair drop crotch pants and
sneakers they look more like Bieber
clone than v Armony
to imagine a smile like a slice how
close I was what reserved a crush is the
brainchild of Wong town high the 34 year
old son golly who formally made internet
movies one seven-month-old companies use
young hottie it's funded in part by the
255 billion dollar training tech giant
10 cents long hopes to create China's
top star industrial complex a person's
their first sex but he's turning out to
more in rapid succession
why do you think the world is ready for
see pop now well girl a conversion from
a hollow Shirdi economy mayor will
mention as well egg cracks as an
economic engine options indeed oh yes
you should be aging the mental 2000
women competed to be among top group
trainees are split into four levels a b
c and d that dictate how close you are
to enlistment new hairstyles and clothes
are signed in vocal and dance trainers
from the pre establish world of kpop are
flown in the pool in don't copy so mean
guides all learn the home of culture
polymers and by attire for doctors to
the label the children not sensing
budget on the year and young children
worship jihad ice but there's one skill
they have an imitated daily football
practice the FSB in their name stands
for fantasy football confederation has
been
soccer it's unorthodox for a pop group
but China's President Xi Jinping is a
huge fan and there's a collective effort
to attract interest in the sport wiffle
ball berry children Jade she told she
died before so it'll be dark ambient
Cano made were reliable we share an
image to Fantana
first difference which hold the house
which okay no pardon sir Gohan object -
oh there you are - acacia one day you
guys l8er yellow few of the 30 trainees
have played before and the former soccer
professional turned SSC coach has a
highly improbable task time and eternity
for the Honda yayaya to be an authority
on Quora you go see Nana you
softer gender fluidity pop hooks and
choreography seems like a scattershot
play for universal appeal but Wang isn't
taking any chances
the next two group FFP n crust and ssee
crush Stanford nymphs and elfin for
their debut a crush travels from pop
star school engine pause to Beijing it's
the first time they're performing for
fans and expectations are high
we both know a hundred million hi pop
2005 off to rental no woman potential
has identified a scenario to her segata
God Olga sighing for sure has little it
up to jail either hurts today it seems
Wong's efforts are paying off a crush
has fans months before their debut
release this one may have a chevron
social funky and Kenya does get one
we're sure cuz I'll have an adult PR
don't see and Joseon Hamelin
well I'm a mother too video shows he'll
how we can handle foul Latinas who are
might ask what would happen if they
don't like the song the fans are adamant
in their devotion when we're about to do
it Western press have typed the
visibility of a queer seeming pop group
but androgyny isn't new in China Li
Yuchun aka Chris Lee the makeup free
short-haired trailblazer
one in American Idol type contests a
decade ago singing love songs to girls
and as trending as a unisex look is top
of sexuality is verboten
making the question of how much progress
this actually is there's a deliberately
vague quality to their discussion of
fans and OneNote
what don't know gentlemen all how does
our all fall so are you guys allowed to
date anyone image in kenosha preferred
to my ego
rely on bother you got to mention the
ocean again so the whole want it is
superficial info so come on Eva logical
come back
and while FFC a crush follows the
classic boyband formula there's a baby
the crooner the leader the rapper and
the real musician don't expect a
rebellious veil each 10 cent part
trainee cost long seventeen hundred US
dollars to enlist and they're all
replaceable understudies are rampant
which is why the event seemed more like
a shareholders meeting than a concert
you all just don't tell me and I don't
fall don't fall
your band is debuting in just a few
short hours how do you feel about that
well look I told her took a toll see
what do y'all get boom follow keep in
sight
despite the fanfare and hoopla Juan
decided at the last minute to pull the
plug on a show a crush was deemed not
ready for a live performance but I got a
sneak preview
that's vice news tonight for Wednesday
May 24th
