there are like three calls that a parent
doesn't want to get my child is hurt my
child is in prison or my child has been
suspended
I need a call from my child school to
come and pick my chollet he stands at
home she was in circle times the teacher
assistant whiffed go pick him up and he
hit on hand bracelet that was basically
in a fall on the teacher Trudel
Underwood son is four years old and goes
to pre-k in the Austin school district
he's been suspended three times
underwood asked that we not name his
school nothing like the first time when
I picked him up the second time and i
think the third call I was mad I didn't
want this to be another young
african-american boy labeled instantly
school is displaced they're beating him
I I feel the prison that I do have
appeared that a lot of our kids are
going to the school to Prison Pipeline
in Texas Elementary School's last year
there were 26,000 183 out-of-school
suspensions for students in second grade
or younger suspensions have a
disproportionate impact on black
students who make up 13% of the
elementary school student body but
account for 47% of the suspension
according to the Department of Education
young students who are suspended are as
much as 10 times more likely the drop
out of high school experience academic
failure and face incarceration than
those who are not hoping to disrupt the
school to Prison Pipeline the Texas
Legislature is currently considering
three bills that would ban out-of-school
suspensions for pre-k through second
grade raising the question if
suspensions are banned what her teacher
is supposed to do instead this is a
great concern to teachers like Hannah
Terry who campaigned for a suspension
ban in her school district the past
earlier this year it is definitely not
enough to just ban it because my fear is
that if it stands without proper
training and resources and people are
just going to give a different name to
the same thing
state representative Helen Giddings is
the author of one of the state bills her
bill requires that schools come up with
researched based alternatives to
suspensions if we're not going to be
able to suspend students then we need to
have alternative measures to deal with
behavioral problems we all want our
students to be able to go to school and
to be able to learn in an atmosphere
that is free of disruption her bill
wasn't prioritized to be heard by the
house before tonight's midnight deadline
so the bill died but an identical bill
could be heard in the Senate as early as
tomorrow
the third doesn't suggest alternatives
but bans suspensions anyway it passed in
the House on Tuesday and is now on its
way through the Senate morgan craven
director of the school-to-prison
pipeline project at Texas Appleseed
believes that even if the state doesn't
agree on an alternative out of school
suspensions should still be eliminated
we can't keep doing something that we
100% know hurt children there's no
question that suspensions are bad
there's no reliable research that says
that they are good and so we have to
stop doing what we know is is bad for
kids
