following a spectacular fall from grace
flamboyant mega troll my Logan appleís
just announced he'll return to UC
Berkeley this fall to hold a week of
free speech rallies in February yen
appleís was invited to speak at the
university's campus but never did after
a seething mob of opponents hurling
rocks and Molotov cocktails forced the
university to cancel the event the same
greeting awaited an appearance by Ann
Coulter plan for today leading Berkeley
to cancel her speech as well but that's
the exact reaction right-wing
provocateurs thrive on and now Milo
seizing the moment to return to
relevance or try Michael Moynihan
visited him outside Miami I think we
should do Berkeley but I think due in
May and I think that we should we should
stage a big March and you can do press
conferences once every couple years and
I used to mine up this year at that
press conference you novelist would
apologize for a recently surfaced
recording in which he defended
relationships between adults and younger
boys some of those relationships between
younger boys and older men the sort of
coming-of-age relationships the
relationships in which those older men
have hoped those young boys to discover
who they are and with that it all came
crashing down CPAC the annual gathering
of the conservative elite withdrew an
invitation to speak a
quarter-million-dollar book contract was
cancelled he resigned from Breitbart and
then Milo went quiet but the character
of Milo needs controversy to survive and
isn't easily dispatched it was forged by
a troubled childhood in England their
parents a lot unfortunately I can't
really ask for a better answer than that
no I just find them really boring and
and I and it is this is a thing where
you're supposed to like respect and love
your parents and I'm like okay fine I
will
can I go conservative exactly exactly so
I will this pressure on me to be nice to
my mom and dad and actually they're just
really boring my mom was a complete
so my mom's new husband to be me
look good you up well I'm a little bit I
had to make excuses for black guys on
from time to time I like set fire to
stuff and I was a little I probably
deserve set fire microwave catwalks you
literally just explained everything
about yourself very short sir but the
cat I felt like the cat was getting over
touch I'm sorry you felt like the cat
was getting more attention so you put in
the microwave it's true
but I was young and I was damaged are
you my career before we had fortified by
a half dozen flutes of champagne you
Napoles put the sunglasses on and the
bomb throwing character emerged
do you regret apologizing no I think it
was worthwhile doing because you know
I've given a lot of interviews in the
past where I've said I don't say
anything I don't believe and I don't you
said similar things a number of times
right I think the mistake I made and the
reason I apologized is I you know I
think they were I think I got carried
away into saying something I didn't
quite I would not want to defend you and
I think it is a small man I think it is
a petty person I think it is somebody
without integrity who refuses to
apologize Mylo you've done one either an
entire later they've misspoken but one
time and I believe that I have misspoken
once and that one time that I have
misspoken I apologize okay well that's a
certain level of confidence that I have
to give a grudge agree well you're
welcome you're welcome to provide other
examples that I can think it's too
exhausting all right I'm gonna push you
under that's not good enough
let's do it yes let's do it you're
you're challenging the wrong guy I'm is
troubled by violence towards innocent
children as the next sociopath but those
kids in Syria who were killed in a gas
attack are only growing up to be
oppressors of women and murderers of
homosexuals anyways funny don't you find
that funded it's funny I'm mystified by
the punchline in this one we're talking
about kids who've been gassed in a sarin
gas at least and by it yes of course I
do
oh it's depended on this on its merits
because you can make a joke about
anything but that actually
but it has a political content to
defender quantit I defend it we like you
know as a gay man I find Islam to be an
existential threat to my existence and
if I want to make a joke along those
lines being like you know I don't know
why we're all so worried about Syria I
mean they're only gonna grow up to be
people want to kill us and oppress our
mothers anyway totally fine totally
stand by absolutely fine it's sort of a
genocide I'll point there killed the
children because they might grow up to
be something terrible this is this is
what we left us this is you to take it
taking the lap tensive throwaway remarks
and jokes and like one clan nose off
sometimes I don't know if you're being
funny or if you're being serious because
that shouldn't like a serial I'm being
funny okay should always assume I'm
being funny but so what is it what is it
obviously it's a joke what do I take
away from that Connor you take away from
that become I don't know what do you
have to take something away from it I
mean it did why make it there because
it's funny
everyone everyone in the room laughed
when I said it you think all these
things that happen to you mm-hmm
they're just grist for the mill they've
made you stronger well you know what
doesn't kill me makes me more fabulous
look unless you literally leave me in a
coffin unless you I am dead on a
battlefield like with Spears in my back
with my head pounded into the dust I'm
going nowhere and nothing and no one can
take me out list of all the
