tonight
Trump flashes corporate taxes national
monuments under attack and virtual wide
despite protests across South Korea the
u.s. began installing a missile defense
system to intercept a potential launch
by Pyongyang with every test Kim jong-un
moves closer to his stated goal of a
preemptive nuclear strike capability
against American cities all 100 senators
got a briefing on the nuclear threat
during a meeting at the White House a
day after North Korea conducted
live-fire exercises Turkey's government
detained more than a thousand people
it's calling quote secret Imams and
suspended another 9100 police personnel
they're accused of having links to
exiled cleric satella Gulen who
president Erdogan blames for last year's
failed coup attempt it's growing
evidence of a drive by the ruling party
to consolidate power and silences
critics China unveiled its second
aircraft carrier today the first built
entirely in the country it's an
indication of Beijing's growing
investment in naval power and its
dedication to exerting control in the
East and South China Seas the journal
Nature published the study 25 years in
the making that suggests humans may have
been in the Americas a hundred and
fifteen thousand years earlier than
previously believed if it's also not
it changes actually the scientists found
evidence that rocks had been used to
break open Mastodon bones but critics
say the findings are far from conclusive
the conservative house freedom caucus
officially endorsed the new GOP plan to
partially repeal and replace the
Affordable Care Act it would allow
states to opt out of Obamacare
protection like the ban on increased
premiums for people with pre-existing
conditions the current version of the
legislation exempts members of Congress
themselves from those policy changes and
now the bills author representative Tom
McArthur says he'll drop the provision
president Trump's top two economic
advisors Gary cone and Treasury
secretary Steve minuchin laid out the
broad details of the administration's
tax reform plan to reporters at the
White House today we have a
once-in-a-generation opportunity to do
something really big it's an effort to
boost the economy by consolidating the
current individual tax brackets from
seven to just three
but the biggest headline is that it
would lower the corporate tax rate from
thirty five percent to fifteen percent
thank you everybody officials didn't
offer many more details than that but
this is probably just the beginning of
the fight Alexandre Jaffe was at today's
briefing Donald Trump's advisors said
the president is undertaking the most
significant tax reform effort in decades
and it would be a monumental change to
the tax code but it also probably won't
pass
slashing the corporate tax rate is
pretty popular among Republicans but the
plan as it stands now doesn't pay for
all those cuts that means it would blow
up the deficit which is something most
Republicans heat corporations make up 11
percent of the federal tax base and are
taxed at 35 percent according to the
nonpartisan Tax Policy Center cutting
that rate to 15 percent would cost the
federal government 208 billion in 2018
alone and get more expensive every year
the TPC also predicts that in five years
Trump's tax plan would increase the
deficit by seven hundred and twenty six
billion and jack up the debt by fifteen
percent here's how the Treasury
secretary said that all would get paid
for the economic plan under Trump will
grow the economy and will create massive
amounts of revenues trillions of dollars
in additional levingers but there's
evidence that tax cuts don't really work
that way take a look at Kansas for
example governor Sam Brownback pushed
through a similar plan in 2012 and he
now faces a budget gap of nearly 250
million at the time he called it a quote
real live
experiment and it's one that didn't
really go that well the conservative Tax
Foundation even pointed to Kansas as an
example of how not to do tax reform as
for Brownback he's pretty unpopular and
his political career is all but over at
this point there's another big problem
here beyond just the basic math the
White House and House Speaker Paul Ryan
don't see eye to eye on the strategy
Ryan said today he still hopes to pass
reform with just Republican Evo but to
do that it can't add to the deficit
that means this plan would have to
change significantly there's too much
daylight between Trump and Ryan for tax
reform to go anywhere right now at this
point this proposal amounts to an
opening venting the president who's
eager to show voters that he wants to
cut their taxes in broad terms and more
importantly eager to notch a symbolic
victory of course it's 100 days is up
president Trump sign an executive order
today that calls for the Department of
the Interior to review all national
monuments created in the last 20 years
and takes explicit aim at the 550
million acres of water and land put
under permanent federal protection by
President Obama National Monument status
has never been revoked before but there
are people particularly in rural areas
who would welcome the change the
governor of Maine is one of them he went
to DC today to watch the order being
signed an important Trump to make US
history and nullify a National Monument
in his state
back in 1997 a 19 year old named Lucas
st. Claire hiked the Appalachian Trail
the last hundred miles of the 80s called
100-mile wilderness Edition month and to
Mount Katahdin and you know you still
here logging trucks and you know you
still see forestry operations other
that's a bad thing but it's not a
wilderness and so Luke has called his
mom Roxane Quimby multi-millionaire
conservationist from Massachusetts and
the co-founder of the Burt's Bees
Corporation and so she thought maybe I
could buy land along the Appalachian
Trail to make a wider buffer and make it
feel more like a wilderness area so the
first acquisitions that she made were
were along Appalachian Trail
Roxane wanted to turn three million
acres in the North Maine woods into a
national park but she ended up settling
for 87,000 near Mount Katahdin she been
logging snowmobiling and kicked campers
out the land basically all the things
northern Mainers like to do talking
about the main North Woods a new park
yes or no local resistance as a result
was fierce these people are going to be
culture Snatchers so in August 2016 she
donated the land to the federal
government along with a 20 million
dollar endowment to take care of it
reporter Lee afterwards President Obama
turned Roxanne's woods into a National
Monument
levira once said there is nothing so
American as our national parks since
Obama left office Maine's Governor paul
LePage has been fighting to have the
monument nullified arguing that it would
harm the local economy and destroy a way
of life the civil war over the North
Woods will continue hitting
Massachusetts versus Maine rich against
poor in rural versus urban people like
that do not understand small-town rural
America it almost in the culture they
don't understand the traditions and you
have a clash and this is what you have
jim bitch gives a head of Millinocket
spin and feather hunting and fishing
club through Earl and his organization
has been against the monument from the
start you know we've enjoyed the open
access for forever and you know we're
seeing that change now in it at
Balthasar so I mean we enjoyed hunting
fishing trapping guidin you could
snowmobile anywhere they didn't bother
us and we had a great way great growing
up a great way of life the North Maine
way of life really started when a Great
Northern paper mill opened in 1900
Millinocket became a small boomtown
making paper for phone books and
newspapers these lands now totaling 2
million acres remain open to the public
as they always have been on the great
north and ownership Great Northern
maintain an open access policy as long
as you didn't interfere with the logging
you could walk into the woods and do as
you please but in the eightieth the
bottoms bail out of Millinocket Bartlett
said the first layoffs will come this
summer the plant laid off workers and
started auctioning off the land oil is
not going to hold greater role in our
cataria is not going to fall but it did
fold in 2008 and over the past three
decades Milonakis population has been
cut in half I got three boys myself that
ended up going into other fields they're
all the medical fields
I kind of wish that now I had some heads
of help you know dan quayle and his crew
have been locking in the woods around
Millinocket for the past 40 years got a
lot of potential what are the difference
between her just privately owning it and
not allowing people to log it or use it
and it's becoming a national monument
well at the minute the government's
involved you know those rules and
regulations and I'm not even sure yet
what they all are there are a lot of
people out there who still work in the
logging industry if all this becomes
parkland like what are you going to do
the old joke is if we can't all see no
those is you know that he need what jobs
the monuments can offer to replace the
jobs that we have I mean I I just don't
see it
in 2011 Lukas came back from Seattle to
try to make amends he opened up some of
the family lands to hunting and
snowmobiling an allowance that will
remain partially in place in the new
monument yet people are still gonna be
able to snowmobile and hunt on it why
are people afraid that their way of life
recreationally is going to change what I
think is that they're they're gonna have
to share it with more people and I think
for a lot of people a lot of folks
they're like there's going to be more
people here and they used to have the
woods to themselves why is it important
that it's designated a National Monument
a lot of it is the equity in the brand
of national parks you know you want to
go on vacation you go to national park
so we're trying to think about where is
the intersection of rural economies and
conservation and arcs are a good one
with the help of a PR firm
Lucas reframe the debate what was once
an environmental concern for his mother
was now a branding opportunity I speak
to people on a fairly regular basis that
are still opposed to it and we have the
same goals for this place we want to see
young people stay we want to see the
communities come back to life so let's
try to figure out together what their
role can be we're in this moment right
now where there seems to be a lot of
conflict between people in rural areas
and like so-called coastal always do you
find any resonance of that sort of
conflict here yeah I absolutely and I in
a lot of ways don't blame anyone for
thinking that they are they're being
left behind what are the people up here
want we want to be able to manage and
have state control or local control over
our land and our future in our economy
but people come up here and vacation
they go home and then they tell us how
we should live I think it's wrong
whether it's here or anywhere else in
countries you see it all over the
country where locals are being pushed
out of their traditions and culture and
way of life and that it's got to change
something to change
this week
the migration crisis in the
Mediterranean reached a grim milestone
more than a thousand people lost their
lives trying to get to Europe this year
according to the International
Organization for Migration or IOM almost
90% of those who died were attempting to
cost between Libya and Italy making that
stretch of water the deadliest in the
world Sbrocco reports from the Libyan
coast in the past few days they've been
rescues at sea by international NGOs and
others with good spring weather
encouraging smugglers to push the boats
out many of those attempts have ended in
tragedy
last week Libyan fishermen found a small
boat containing the bodies of 28
migrants who died after drifting at sea
four days after their engine broke down
Libya is an important transit point for
migrants from many African countries who
travel here over land with the aim of
seeking a path to Europe those who are
quarter taken to detention centers like
this one in Misrata where more than 120
migrants are being held before
repatriation to their own countries they
told us about the challenges they faced
along the way sometimes the police
needles
because identical molecules when a
assignee is being flown home Tunisia by
the IOM he's been held in detention here
for more than two months now I want war
back to my country more than I still
here so you feel happy to be taking a
plane come on ah Marty you feel nothing
the ilm says they've repatriated 1700
migrants since the beginning of this
year and they expect the total numbers
for 2017 to reach up to 10,000 many of
those say they'll attempt the journey
again as soon as they get home in the
meantime Libyan officials say they
simply don't have the resources to
continue providing food and medical care
to the numbers of migrants who have
already arrived here the main departure
season hasn't even started yet
Barcelona has become one of the most
visited cities in Europe the number of
overnight guests has increased by more
than 500 percent since 1990 but the big
crowds have changed Barcelona's
neighbourhoods and driven prices up and
a growing cadre of locals is rallying
against the tourist masses now the City
Council has passed a new law that aims
to shift the balance back toward
residents and it could be a model for
cities around the world facing the same
problem
M'Lynn Larsson report
olav a very momentous reinfection n'est
pas de abrir la puerta por favor laughs
yes Barcelona is a small city of about
1.6 million residents last year hosted
about 32 million tourists like another
popular destination more and more
visitors are using online platforms like
Airbnb to rent apartment there are just
under 10,000 licensed for tourists
across the city but with huge demand
there are thousands of illegal ones in
operation as well
okay pal man you get the mystery hello
good morning okay we are from the name
is Tiffany consul we're inspectors okay
we are second Christic apartments in
this area and are you a to this home
yeah yeah okay in my mind we are going
to ask you just a few questions is five
minutes where are you from Chris we will
see entertained and well how did you
find the apartment
Mema inspectors would is this evidence
to build a case against the owner of the
apartment resulting in a fine of up to
thirty two thousand dollars porque mi
casa give you one more small special
Aras CLD my espero que no cigar on table
Perez uno para la natividad oh oh no
Frankish on the instructions come as the
amount of housing used for tourists in
Barcelona a skyrocketed in recent years
with foreign investment pouring in
residents now face the highest rents in
Spain Barcelona ins view tourism as the
second biggest problem facing the city
just behind unemployable
this frustration because at a cloud a
long time house in accident to the
mayor's office in 2015
she's the first woman to leave Barcelona
and first didn't even defeated the
establishment parties that control the
city
why is regulating tourism on top of your
agenda cuando mary oliver de barcelona
Alejandro Gabbana Satoshi oh das control
ARA y sobre todo el problema es que me
había Kaplan if Acacio best R&B public
a Saudis habían a shot al market
private Cano Vezina logical a partial
maximum on Assisi face table you jammin
commodious in genuine mayor clout
overcame intense opposition in the City
Council to pass the special tourist
accommodation plan it establishes
different areas where the number of
hotels in tourist departments must
decrease stay the same or is allowed to
grow the goal is to spread out visitors
and the money they spent while capping
new accommodation these regulations are
the first of their kind to specifically
target tourists housing in cities iike
denounced orestes comas venice shortened
wanyan see the name on Mary's am bind am
Villarreal khatam Bay son visited spur
turistas
we're in an area Barcelona called Puebla
no where big crowd has come out to
protest despite the heavy rain because
they don't want more hotels and tourism
in their neighborhood this used to be a
rough working-class area now run for up
37% and another hotel is about
why are people so Christine prepare
Trista los últimos honest llamas
massification turistas are exaggerated a
realmente expose on de la gente el Vario
no encontramos CTO parole de vie beer s
a Camino comercio a commando solo this
site and many others the cross the city
route through at the last minute before
mayor cloud came into office under the
new regulation poblano will have a
reduction in tourist accommodation
tourism is big business barcelona
employing more than 280,000 people and
representing almost 15 percent of the
city's GDP it's a risk that your
regulations might hurt the local economy
morale Tourisme and simatech no insulin
yes Matt Evita Taku no Mika positive
Asian aremy less baleog so travel an
Centro vodka richezza Val Tourisme cos
do Kivar oficio - tom esteban incision
on a par mode patita facing similar
challenges Paris Amsterdam and other
European cities have reached out to
learn more about Barcelona tourist plan
no Callen NCIS Matthew Todd Preciosa
pero hasta ton bar Tina Monte otra parte
no Yan vines Kavis kina Vanessa no loss
ratios okay no more
a blooming subculture of young Japanese
men are obsessed with anime to the point
of craving actual intimacy now a company
called Winkle has invented a machine
that can help bring their fantasies at
least partway to life in the form of a
dedicated virtual companion
Dexter Thomas went to Tokyo to meet her
he pick you up
hi John why am i picking peanut it just
energy the gate box is a virtual
assistant that features an anime
character named Adam I study suggested
inside of a glass tube she cutting hooks
into your home network and she can wake
you up turn the lights on when you come
home and even send you cute text
messages throughout the day everything
she does though is kept strictly PG No
qumola UNESCO secretary naka dead Akira
Yasuda China Munoz scotomas Ted a Kapur
secretary marito calamari
yaaay Kendrick Adriana Nova hi Jennifer
Inori Takeuchi's the 29 year old founder
and CEO of Winkle the company behind the
gate box he says it soon every company
will have robots but he thinks of robots
in the market now - to robotics
muchacha-latas loss a terrible todo de
menthe ice-cream character touchy
boys journeys cornelian a collision
presenting on a second suit you know I'm
just against an optimal fit on the scale
of human hi but if it's right there
regarding mistake but that dream doesn't
come cheap
the initial one a pre-order unit sold
out immediately but the gate box carries
a pretty hefty price tag
if you are a mod King Olga to the
qur'anic then I got a nice at all hey MA
a local stay and the ostomy polka do you
know I mean I'm ji Hye soo the sundew
money
- mmm Takei knees oh yeah no I know
captain I know on occasion I am
accompanied positive most a preservative
occasionally Sonia sank a console sake
stay on oh I said oh so no Potanin no
panini Euratom you can obscure - coughs
can I don't Amidala but emoticons can
talk it up in the finish day the gate
box was designed from chopping socially
insecure people with obsessive interest
usually in comic books are anime otaku
is stereotypically male which is
probably why the gate box only features
a female character one investor said -
based on the taco audience II see the
anime conventions the gate box should
have a pretty solid market I mean uh all
says anymore
subway car clean house I'm not and again
that's an oily act it and maybe I don't
happen on the soccer I say cause if I'm
selectively dodok a case here another
one the schedule planner it's a solid
way don't even ask anyone in both those
there madam Jamis coastal sites there
are new home Lorraine oxide LLC stove
others on the fan jogando I go to the
window
it's the science is done the first icon
of day so no kata boxer then do do
subscribe my channel ah engage book so
meter soon Connie vaca Ramos Horta a
tech restore on soon small scale you can
go there and goodbye
when the international press found out
about the gate box most outlets made fun
of it but Winkle says the publicity has
sparked interest in America with people
who want to use the gate box as a tool
to cope with disabilities more like us
and so we add modulus right there much
of the popular name total PTSD edition
there it's totally recognize this manga
Campo de Sade Elsa - don't a MIDI in
Open Sesame
- Thomas attention i bestow car at wash
over until attacks usually services that
are most ninguna that every item is
declining
there is another put a second on a bar
it's time for a holiday it munich up on
new stylist tada
the gate box is still a long way from
serving as a replacement companion but
the interaction scotty offers might be
all some people need cake instead todo
mundo hoc danke tiene sentido Soto Takei
God a no Xie na Jin Tito kuvira lo que
quiere llevarnos ki nahi poison Crotty
rocoto cetera Nicosia Don Ramon dallo
not oh no tengo de la parada a no party
no decay knocked a lame-o desde annatto
moti
that's vice news tonight for Wednesday
April 26 tune in this Friday at 7:30
Eastern for a special episode on the
first 100 days of Donald Trump
