Ricardo Romero inherited this former
cattle ranch in Veracruz Mexico from his
father decades ago and has spent the
year since turning it into the last
Kenyatta's farm cooperative there he's
been at the forefront of a practice
known as Carbon Farming come here I show
you this plant I love this plant while
sustainable farming methods have a long
history in Mexico
Ricardo's innovation was expanding this
tradition to carbon sequestration Carbon
Farming may sound like it involves lab
coats and heavy machinery but it's a lot
more simple than that it's a practice of
choosing plant species that absorb and
store more carbon than others when any
plant grows take the co2 and to make
branches to make trunks some plants have
more carbon and folders so Carbon
Farming take the carbon in the
atmosphere that are in excess and put it
in the soil or in the trunks in the
system for instance one plant that's
incredibly effective at sequestering
carbon is bamboo one acre of bamboo
forest can take almost five tons of
carbon out of the atmosphere every year
the same amount emitted by car according
to researchers at the Ohio State
University if farmers worldwide did what
Ricardo does they could take up to 1.2
billion tons of carbon out of the
atmosphere each year for 100 years
bringing levels down to where they were
in pre-industrial times we're in a
bamboo forest right now but you know is
this all to it are there other parts to
this no bamboo is just a part we have to
get the cows in the ships and understand
I don't know ten different systems I'm
going to produce food or produce you
know things that we need Alaska nyada's
cows graze among trees which they helped
fertilize which in turn store much more
carbon in their deep root system
grasses alone Ricardo sheep placed
similar role working to conquer and
invasive grass species that once plagued
the farm from there they also fertilize
Mehcad enemy trees the nuts of which are
a major source of fact and protein to
the farmers diets all of this provides
for a system that's not just
environmentally progressive but allows
Ricardo and his community to live almost
entirely off the land but Ricardo's
system is not without its challenges the
setup requires more human labour than
traditional farming because planting and
harvesting is done by hand which might
make carbon farming hard to scale up
also
Ricardo's luscious forest might not grow
so well in other parts of the world so
you were able to make this in the kind
of Mexican paradise in the mountains
with pretty good climate for for growing
everything you need could you do this in
the place like Atlanta Georgia well I
don't know it's part of the world has
his own restriction challenges so you
think this would be possible in most any
other place as long as you adapt it to
whatever climate this is different kind
of systems and yes because it's possible
