today is 4/20 the day when people who'd
like to get high to five federal laws
against getting high
by getting extra high and humans aren't
the only ones who enjoy a little
recreational substance abuse presented
here the druggies of the animal kingdom
Jaguars micro dose by nibbling on vines
that contain an element of ayahuasca
Siberian reindeer eat so many magic
mushrooms that their urine is
psychoactive these prefer mainstream
uppers like caffeine and nicotine but
are serious hardliners about booze any
hive member that comes home with a high
blood alcohol content is murdered
dolphins will disable and pass around a
Blowfish toxic venom induces a
trance-like state though they use the
drug mainly in social settings Wallabies
have become a problem for Australia's
legal opium farmers often leaving crop
circles and poppy fields after binging
on seeds and getting too high to hop
straight lemurs rubbed themselves with
poisonous millipedes whose secretions
help repel dangerous parasites and
insects but also get the animals
noticeably stoned like so many Americans
are today
