voters in Turkey go to the polls on
Sunday to decide on a constitutional
amendment that would give more power to
President regex taya Berta Juan after an
attempted coup last summer
Berta Juan unleashed an aggressive
crackdown on the media vice news spoke
with two cartoonists from Turkey's
popular satirical magazine LeMond about
maintaining the critical voice at a time
when dissent is dangerous cartoons and
humour have a very important place in
Turkish history lemon has been one of
the best-selling humor magazines in
Turkey it has been the best way for
people to say a lot of things that can
be said a lot of taboos
we put out a cool issue few days after
the coup attempt they've bent the issue
they attack the magazine and to be
honest they tried to frighten us and of
course we were frightened we are
discovering ourselves when we sit down
in front of a piece of paper when you
are scared you can't make those
discoveries I now keep having to plan
what I'm going to think whereas I used
to let go of myself when thinking of
jokes given what a hard opposition we
have been we could have expected a lot
more in terms of court cases this
doesn't mean that we don't feel the
pressure there is systemic pressure from
trolls and they regularly try the
numbers but to say something through
humour gives new possibilities it allows
you to say things you cannot say in a
different way and this makes you feel
protected
lemon has never been the cause of ami
rioting any destruction the killing of a
group of people ever quite the reverse
it has made the whole of Turkey laugh it
has shaped the whole of turkeys humor if
there's a yes in the referendum the
pressure on us will become much worse
the pressure is not only against us it's
against every person who harbors the
smallest opposing idea academics will be
affected small businessmen will be
affected Turkey has put the most
journals in a prison of any country in
the world this climate will be tougher
but we are hopeful that there will be a
novel
