concern about North Korea's nuclear
program is as high as it's ever been
kim jeong-hoon has stepped up his
testing program and the u.s. sent a
carrier strike group to take up a
position in range of the Korean
Peninsula drawing a threat from Kim to
strike first Saturday is North Korea's
most important national holiday the
birthday of the eternal president Kim
Jong Un's late grandfather Kim il-sung's
it's traditionally an occasion for a big
test launch or detonation and today the
North Korean government announced a
quote big event vice news correspondent
Charlotte dubach was in Pyongyang for
the reveal after hardly any warning rule
woken up from our beds in my hotel at
for hands and told that we have to get
on the bus we didn't know where we were
going to go who had taken to a building
around belongings were confiscated and
the MU brought down here and it quickly
transpired that we were about to witness
the inauguration of a brand-new Street
and area building right here in this
climate we're back home people are
talking about World War 3 in the pre
exercises and the heating up so I was
expecting slightly more of a tense vibe
it feels like millions of people here it
feels clearly shows many people here
wanting to know that I would work very
much for it and that it's for a very
different reason than the inauguration
of a band
you
