this morning the Syrian government
launched a brutal attack on a rebel
controlled area of England with what
witnesses say was poison gas
rescue workers raced to reach the bodies
of dozens of victims including women and
small children Danny with Japanese
hospitals were overwhelmed with patients
choking vomiting and foaming at the
mouth
I'm give up I'm Hitler my partner zoomin
zoom-out they give me another death
patients have got clear signs of an
affair time hours after the first attack
Rockets also had at least one clinic
nearby where victims were being treated
a Syrian government denies even having
chemical weapons but this isn't the
first time it's been implicated in the
chemical attack investigations by the UN
and the organisation for the prohibition
of chemical weapons have found that
forces on both sides of the six-year
conflict have used chlorine sulfur
mustard gas and sarin gas while neo
deadliest attack killed hundreds of
people near Damascus in August 2013 the
White House blamed the Assad regime for
today's attack but it also blamed former
President Obama saying it was quote a
consequence of the last administration's
weakness and irresolution the Obama
administration spent years demanding
President Assad leave office but last
week Trump's UN Ambassador nikki Haley
said that that's no longer a priority
when the federal government thinks that
a Police Department is acting improperly
it puts forward what's called a consent
decree essentially an agreement that
allows the Justice Department to monitor
local cops the Obama administration
entered into 14 consent decrees with
police forces around the country but
yesterday jeff sessions the new Attorney
General ordered a department-wide review
of consent decrees he filed in court to
pause proceedings in one particularly
troubled apartment in two Baltimore PD
David Noriega explains the major policy
change that could be in the works
the administrations of Donald Trump and
Barack Obama differ in many ways but law
enforcement policy is one of the biggest
under Obama the Justice Department was
unusually proactive in investigating
Police Department's accused of racial
bias and excessive force that's what
happened in Baltimore after the death of
Freddie gray and the unrest that
followed if unconstitutional policies or
practices are found we will seek a court
enforceable agreement to address those
issues we will also continue to move
forward to improve policing in Baltimore
even as the pattern of practice
investigation is underway the Justice
Department has had the authority to
conduct these investigations since 1994
in the wake of the Rodney King riots in
Los Angeles Obama embraced consent
decrees which police reformers
celebrated as an official
acknowledgement of systemic racism in
American police departments the Trump
administration under Attorney General
Jeff Sessions takes a very different
view
in his memo ordering the Justice
Department to review its consent decrees
with police sessions listed a number of
principles intended to explain the move
including the idea that quote the
misdeeds of individual bad actors should
not impune or undermine the legitimate
and honorable work of law enforcement
consent decrees have a mixed record they
often take much longer and cost much
more than expected and they don't always
lead to real reforms but Obama era
officials and supporters of police
reform point to several academic studies
finding that past consent decrees have
been successful not only in solving
problems within the police but even in
reducing crime
a Harvard review of the consent decree
in LA for example found the crime went
down by thirty three point five percent
between 2003 and 2008 which is when the
LAPD embraced the decree either way
these agreements are one of very few
ways that police departments can be
pressured to change for the better and
in their absence police officers across
the country are much more likely to feel
they can behave as they see fit today
New Orleans accepted final bids from
companies vying to remove four
confederate statues from the city there
are about 1500 public tributes to the
Confederacy nationwide and a growing
number of lawsuits challenging whether
they should be taken down a recent
federal court decision clearing the way
in New Orleans marks the defeat of a
ferocious legal campaign to protect the
statues
to battle over what they stand for and
who controls their narrative is far from
settled there was some graffiti on the
monument probably five or six years ago
and I said to our church administrator
there's a monument to Jefferson Davis
and she's like yeah you know we're
looking at it and I remember what I said
maybe we should leave the graffiti up
the monuments do not tell the story of
the United States or the Civil War or
their Confederacy they celebrate white
supremacy people who put these monuments
up to make it clear who was up and who
was down and that people better fall in
line and when we gather do we want to
gather under Confederate monuments for
goodness sakes I have always known that
the statues were there and really didn't
give much attention to them I was gonna
straddle the fence I say well
they've been there and it is a part of
history but those individuals that are
depicted there did not always represent
all the people I began to have a change
of heart
we build monuments to what we value and
that's a really horrible statement for
us that we value people who fought for
slavery
Jefferson Davis property Lee Beauregard
these are all great men a history by any
measure but this is one of our most
beautiful monuments I mean it has
everything what the way is presented on
the pedestal in this traffic circle that
was made for this Monument this is just
crazy you know if you start just
assemble pieces of our diverse culture
what are you gonna have
I feel to believe that by moving these
monuments some time history can repeat
itself so therefore we have to be very
careful I would not want to see this
history be lost whatsoever
this pointed this was never about a
white supremacy thing the New Orleanians
wanted to honor their sons who served
and it still goes on a day with all of
our Wars so I think the mayor just use
it to make ugly political points with
this whole thing the future does not
belong to sleepy southern towns that
Revere the Confederacy and I am a little
bit surprised about how how intensely
some people are hanging on to this false
version of our past that surprised me
and essentially these statutes were
actually a lie they were actually a
perversion of history not a recitation
of history it's insulting to me there is
no justification history has already
rendered its verdict that slavery was
wrong the Civil War was wrong
so he's insulting to us that we have to
dignify and engage in a debate with
people when history has already rendered
its birth
we lived in the south where white
supremacist wrote the textbooks history
is constantly being rewritten and black
people now have voids to talk about our
history and our verdict of course is
that we don't want these white
supremacists addressing the people of
New Orleans have a right to decide what
goes on the pieces of property that the
people of New Orleans own and I feel
very certain that years from now when
people look back they're gonna go
without seen so obviously today's equal
pay day
it marks the number of additional days
after New Year's that a woman would have
to work to match a man's pay in the
previous calendar year the median annual
earnings for women are still 80% of what
they are for men but that figure is
pretty misleading it doesn't account for
job industry age or hours worked and
most importantly it's not one size fits
all black women makes sixty-one percent
of what a white male earns while
Hispanic women make just 55 percent but
the best way to understand why the
gender pay gap persists is to compare
men's earnings against women's earnings
in the jobs that women actually hold a
female financial manager for example
takes home about $1,100 per week if men
were paid the same they'd fall right on
this dotted line but male financial
managers make about $500 more each week
in the 25 most common jobs that women
hold secretaries teachers social workers
the kind of jobs where women make up 90
percent of the workforce men are still
paid more in every single one of them so
even though labeling the pay gap as 80
cents on the dollar isn't all that
meaningful what we do know is that the
disparity exists
this is Naval Station Norfolk the
largest naval base in the world it's
home to a number of submarines and
aircrafts as well as 75 ships and a
hundred and 34 aircraft carriers it's
also located just 10 feet above sea
level
this is 1930s the water here has risen
14 inches and that's expected to
continue so what am I looking at here
this is a unnatural lake for us but it's
not supposed to be here it should all be
flat this is a result of flooding this
is our main road aircraft tow away so
when we get a lot of rainfall or storms
this all will flood up on us right here
so there's flooding on both sides and
the road is right there and that's an
issue it is an issue man if we have to
shut down two gates this is the world's
largest naval installation we have a lot
of military personnel and civilian
personnel take the take up to our hour
and a half just to get through one gate
if cars can't get to the base because
water is getting in their way then the
base might not be able to respond to say
a national security threat which is why
it's now become standard for the DoD to
account for sea level rise when building
new structures anywhere so this is the
sewells point tide gauge since 1927 it's
been monitoring sea level here captain
Wanderlei is a civil engineer who served
in the Navy since 1918 is responsible
for environmental construction
contracting and naval installations
across the eastern United States
as we construct new buildings sea level
rise will be one of the criteria we look
at to make sure that we're doing the
smart thing when it comes to making them
resilient to the future toward sea level
rise so essentially it's something that
you guys are keeping in mind with every
new thing that you do you think that
this is climate change-related I don't
really know I will tell you I'm not a
scientist I'm an engineer so we do know
that we have recurrent flooding and
we're doing what we can to address that
what's causing it I will leave that to
others to speculate on throughout our
conversation Wanderlei wouldn't
attribute rising sea levels to climate
change but his bosses do as early as
1990 the DoD described climate change as
a potential challenge significant enough
to warrant
serious examination 24 years later the
DoD's quadrennial defense review put the
stakes in plain language for everyone to
see stating that the impacts of climate
change may increase the frequency of
scale and complexity of future missions
and this March
ProPublica revealed that defense
secretary James mattis contradicted the
Trump administration on the day of his
confirmation when he wrote in a response
to questions from sand Democrats that
climate change is a driver of
instability that the Department of
Defense must pay attention to because of
this the DoD has impressed one of its
strongest critics Greenpeace has a long
history of criticizing and in some cases
disrupting the military but when it
comes to climate change
Dave managed to find some common ground
reports that have come out recently
Charlie Craig is a senior research
specialist at Greenpeace who's been
following the DoD stance on climate
change for years
what kind of scenarios do you think the
DoD is trying to prepare for some of
these threats are immediate when that's
to infrastructure bases both here and
abroad
many of them are longer-term two or
three decades out for instance is in the
sub-saharan regions where you have the
hottest climate on the planet
they're looking at factors such as
drought the kinds of instability can
create for already weak regimes and the
fact that that could lead to an opening
for terrorists or other extreme violent
groups you hear this sort of reductive
and simplistic conversation in the press
well what's a bigger threat climate
change or terrorism and it doesn't work
that way it's kind of a matrix of
factors that interact and connect
according to crane that's why the DoD
needs to address climate change head-on
both abroad and at home are similar
problems occurring elsewhere in the US
virtually every Navy installations on
the ocean so right virtually every Navy
installation needs to consider this
President Trump just signed a bill into
law that allows Internet service
providers to cash in on a modern-day
Gold Rush selling the customer data they
suck up every time you access the
internet but the telecommunications
industry that gathers and packages that
data is highly secretive and its
intentions remain unclear surely after
Senate joint resolution 34 was passed
Internet privacy activists launched
campaigns to buy the browsing histories
of the lawmakers who voted for it but
the effort may be misguided it's almost
impossible to know what date is being
collected about you online who it's
going to and what they're doing with it
there are around seven thousand two
companies which we would think of as
data brokers in the world this industry
has been living in the shadows and has
been allowed to live in the shadows by
regulators and politicians around the
world for decades now we reached out to
nine of the largest data brokering firms
cited in a 2014 FTC study none commented
by the time this piece went to air they
don't enjoy publicity one of the biggest
companies axiom does offer a snapshot of
its work on its website it's a tool
which allows you to enter a few data
points to find out which of 70
categories you fit into in the eyes of
online marketers all right we tested it
out to see what it feels like to be
sorted okay I see a website that says
axiom on it it's asking me for my age my
marital status the oldest child in my
home is my household income if I'm a
homeowner I'm not a zip code and net
worth
I imagine this sort of information is
more important now that it can be given
away without my permission
okay submit so what does it say it says
I'm in cluster number 24 career building
I'm cluster number 61 city life Wow okay
so I am cluster 2 and established elite
city life isn't ethnically mixed group
with a particularly high concentration
of Asians Hispanics and African
Americans this cluster also appreciates
fine dining and fitness I do these
categories produced surprisingly
accurate if pretty general predictions
if they can accurately describes you
they think they know a lot of things
step aside from the fantasy sports and
the married and the children somewhat
accurate I do shop at Express in hmm I'm
definitely african-american and I'm
definitely live via City statistically
all the information is accurate but this
is it's a small sample from seven data
points to get scary when you consider
that the FTC's investigation revealed
that one data brokers database contains
seven hundred billion of the individual
data points which are used to make
profiles of these humans this practice
of collecting data is not new
junk mail firms used to buy your
information from pizza delivery
restaurants to help target their mailers
then the world moved online I don't
think anyone ever imagined that when
they went to their pharmacy and bought
their toothpaste and maybe a packet of
condoms
whatever that information would be sold
out the backdoor and it would be later
used to make judgments about things like
their credit worthiness or their ability
to get a loan to buy a car or their
ability to buy a home I feel like if
someone's gonna know all this stuff
about me like I just like to know who is
behind it I consistently fail to be
outraged when I'm supposed to be
outraged about data collection I use
that knowledge to make my life simpler I
use one-click ordering it's pretty much
been a fine experience I think that kind
of thing leads to generalizations that
typically discriminate against people
who look like me but I don't think that
things like that aren't already
happening so privacy activists fear this
is only the beginning and that more
protections for consumers will gradually
be removed in the coming years
a former FTC official told us that the
only way to guard against it completely
might be to simply not use the Internet
oh well isn't it sound like a spring
break it sound like um you on the beach
and somebody surfing some girl tips came
up somebody popped a girl brought us on
I don't know there's not tight though
who is this the New Pornographers dad is
a good name
that's a great name I like Romney's I
like to skip the - hi guys - guys - help
me - I got storms you start you know
saying I got home section boys I like my
music is that weed in a cigarette blue
sleeves light was no Jews blizzard on
charge music country huh country okay
I'll put in my jet look just what I was
thinking you would play this song in the
club wait no cuz but I don't know how to
mix those LA plate is then I'll trip it
out puts on track music / but it's not
it's tight it's not tight
what is cosplay if they just would hate
oh wait on these just imaginal kind of
trap songs they would make robert Diplo
Skrillex Steve Aoki don't sign in we're
homies don't like they bring us out
taste this and we get to see like they
type your energy with the idiom world is
like and it's like amazing like I don't
know it's like fun they rage like
anybody it's a bunch of people coming I
don't know it's tight everybody running
in slow motion is exactly what you think
um
College is like that's vice news tonight
for Tuesday April 4th
