tonight turmoil in Russia we all should
be prepared
of course a new mayor for Ferguson and
April fools in the era of fake news the
Senate Judiciary Committee voted along
party lines to approve the nomination of
Neil courses to the Supreme Court the
nomination now heads to the Senate floor
where Chris Coons of Delaware today gave
Senate Democrats the 41 votes they need
to filibuster Senate Republicans are
expected to vote later this week to
change Senate President so corsets can
be sent to the bench by simple majority
the majority leader has promised use
whatever tactic is necessary to get his
way to make sure the Donald Trump's
nominee is confirmed even if that means
forever damaging the United States
Senate Jared Kushner son-in-law and
senior advisor to President Trump
arrived in Iraq today with General
Joseph Dunford chairman of the Joint
Chiefs of Staff the White House says
that Kushner who has no previous
diplomatic or government experience was
traveling on behalf of the President to
meet with Iraqi leaders senior US
advisors and US field forces as they
fight to retake Mosul from Isis the
campaign a vanquished Ecuadorian
presidential candidate Guillermo la-tso
says it will publish proof that vote
tallies were doctored in favor of
left-wing socialist Lenin Moreno a
paraplegic former vice president who
secured victory
laso tweeted photos allegedly showing
votes for his campaign that were changed
by election officials calling on
supporters to protest in the streets for
a recount
heavy flooding is killed more than 200
people in Colombia and left hundreds
more injured the search continues for
those who are missing as mourners begin
to bury the dead President Juan Manuel
Santos declared a state of emergency
citing climate change as the cause of
the mudslide Medicaid expansion is
officially dead in Kansas after state
lawmakers failed to override the
governor's veto of a bill that would
have given coverage to a hundred and
fifty thousand low-income residents
Kansas was one of 19 states that didn't
expand Medicaid in 2016 citing high
budget costs
earlier today a bomb detonated in a busy
st. Petersburg subway station killing at
least 10 people and injuring more than
50 a second improvised device was found
and safely disarmed the blast is being
treated as an act of terrorism
President Putin announced an
investigation behind me children these
presenters but what I will do the newest
students yes I wish the book maybe she
appreciative but the attack came as the
Russian government is struggling to
contain another crisis this one linked
to a video purportedly connecting Prime
Minister Dmitry Medvedev to a series of
lavish estates and accusing him of
systematic corruption despite attempts
to censor it the video went viral in
Russia last week tens of thousands of
people surged into the streets of major
Russian cities to demand the Prime
Minister's ouster the largest
demonstrations the country is seen in
half a decade authorities address the
crisis immediately by arresting almost
1,000 people the protests had been
suppressed but opposition supporters say
they're determined to continue their
campaign as soon as their leaders get
out of prison
Josh Hirsch has more
my serger Kiev was picked up last week
one of nearly a thousand people who were
detained during a day of mass
anti-corruption protests this weekend he
was reunited with his wife after a week
in detention but he wasn't on the
streets at the time of his arrest he was
volunteering it for a group of activists
who were live-streaming the protest that
group which is known as the
anti-corruption foundation is run by
opposition leader Alexei Navalny
everyone who is in the office that day
was arrested in several are still in
jail today Gore Kiev went back to the
rated office of the foundation whose
video of Prime Minister Medvedev and
worked to uncover official graft
helped inspire the demonstration nothing
in general everything remains the same
as it was in davelis yeah but the police
were clearly here yeah and it took some
computers I think yeah yeah is for sure
on the day of the protest which happened
in cities across the country official
news channels had nothing to say about
them but the ACS live stream ran
throughout the day ten hours of constant
coverage seen at its peak by a hundred
and fifty thousand people when the
police raided the office they were
trying to shut it down roman Rubinoff
the director of the ACS says the group
was ready for that we were expecting it
we have reserved studio for this kind of
scene and during arrest we'd like to
switch to the reserved studio so
basically it was not all Magister
neither for this evening but we were
prepared for this he's also the deputy
campaign manager for Alexei Navalny long
shot 2018 presidential run it was a huge
process for Russia and we we were
surprised suggest that the level of
frustration right now is believe is at a
very high point for us
people saw evidence the evidence was
like loud and clear there is corruption
and government need to answer about it
something would there be more videos do
you think the really a video which is
longer especially okay so we can explore
it to more data and mushroom because we
give a lot of material for us after a
week in special detention work I have
says he has a better sense of what's to
come this is the footage set for this
telefax last time I experienced some
some kind of things like this I have
thought about it I read about it in a
newspaper about you never know it you
always think that it's not gonna happen
to you and now we are in the same
situation to some extent you could
expect it because you guys are doing
something that's very threatening to air
Putin and his government you're
absolutely right but I expected it could
happen at ventilator right but it
happens too fast okay I mean there's an
election it's not until next year so
that's a lot of time does it yeah make
you think about whether you want to stay
involved - all that time and whoever he
was gonna be alright man I I think it
should we also be prepared for that for
the boss president Trump met with
Egyptian president Abdel Fattah el-sisi
today I just want to say to you mr.
president that you have a great friend
and ally in the United States and in me
Wednesday he'll meet with the king of
Jordan followed by Chinese President Xi
Jinping on Thursday and Friday
Shana Thomas reports on the one thing
that won't be on the public agenda with
any of them even a president Trump
hadn't normally welcomed el Sisi today
the mere fact of the Egyptian
president's visit would be warm enough
the Obama administration wouldn't let el
Sisi come to the White House objecting
to his brutal 2013 crackdown on the
Muslim Brotherhood and all forms of
political Islam Trump's White House said
to expect the issue of human rights to
be handled quote in a private floor
discreet way than it had in the past
it's a change in policy but also a
promise kept
it is the right of all nations to put
their own interests first
we do not seek to impose our way of life
on anyone plenty of people think there
are consequences for America
surrendering its leading public role in
demanding human rights it's a tradition
observed strongly by presidents on the
Left we will speak up on behalf of human
rights because we believe they are the
birthright of every human being and on
the right there is no justice without
freedom and there can be no human rights
without human liberty but like any
negotiation having one less thing you
feel strongly about makes the horse
trading easier and there's a lot Trump
lunch from LCC King Abdullah and Xi
Jinping from Egypt further military and
counterterrorism cooperation Jordan a
continued commitment to helping with
Syrian refugees and fighting Isis in
China we want a lot from China
but stepping up when it comes to
countering North Korea is at the top of
the list today a bipartisan group of
senators tried to send a bit of a
counter message by introducing a
resolution that acknowledges the role
Egypt plays in the Middle East while
also urging the country to make progress
on human rights but at least one
congressional Republicans sees the
wisdom in the Trump administration's
approach to foreign policy in the early
days of this presidency here's what he
said quote when you've got a country
that you've got to develop a good
relationship with you probably don't
walk in and lead by punching them in the
nuts
on Tuesday the residents of Ferguson
Missouri will vote in the first mayoral
election since the 2014 death of Michael
Brown Caroline mutter Essie tehrani has
more what is for mind you guys to get
out tomorrow vote longtime cybersyn
resident and current Mayor James mold is
the last man standing after Mike Brown's
batch Ferguson's police chief City
Attorney municipal judge and city
manager all of them white resigned we
needed to have somebody that was there
that could keep the ship going forward
and that's how you see your role and
that's and that's the role that I had to
be had to be there so that we didn't
have a mass exodus from our Police
Department I had to be there so that our
staff knew that on Friday they were
going to get paid we had to know our
businesses needed to know that they had
somebody that they could call even after
Brown's death Ferguson remains a
majority-black City with a predominantly
white police force
now the Challenger is Ella Jones a
former Mary Kay Cosmetics sales woman
the first black woman to serve on the
City Council she says her city needs a
fresh start
well the mayor of Ferguson is too simple
a Ferguson right now our reputation is
tarnished do you think that a fresh
start for Ferguson means a black mayor
no it does not mean a black mayor it
means a mayor who cares about everyone a
mayor who is inclusive but not exclusive
Ferguson a ground zero for black lives
matter when I talk to people here they
told me the city is still pretty divided
along racial lines but they were
reluctant to talk to us on camera but
what can a mayor here in Ferguson
actually accomplish the job pay is
around forty two hundred dollars a year
and the city manager is in controlled
everything from appointing judges to see
surviving the police department
why would you want to be mayor effect
look I said I I've lived here for 37
years the one thing that the council
does do the mayor is the head of the
council is we hold the purse strings to
everything that goes on in the city
Ferguson has racked up millions of
dollars in debt revamping its municipal
court paying overtime to police during
the protests and riots and is still
under a DOJ consent decree all in all
that amounted to over four million
dollars the city continues to struggle
to hire new police because they simply
can't pay what surrounding communities
can many businesses that were hit in
Ferguson never fully recovered and for
there to be some change in Ferguson it's
going to require voters to take to the
polls
voter turnout here has been
traditionally very low last week the
Supreme Court heard arguments in a case
that could overturn seven convictions
and one of the most infamous murders in
Washington DC history at issue is
whether prosecutors withheld evidence
that could have acquitted the defendants
evidence they may have been legally
required to disclose in October 1984 a
48 year old mother of six named
Katherine fuller was found dead in an
alley she'd been beaten to death and
sodomized with a pipe there was no
physical evidence linking anyone to the
crime scene but prosecutors used witness
statements to convict eight young men of
first-degree murder what prosecutors
didn't disclose was that they'd also
identified a separate suspect before
trial prosecutors have to share any
evidence that could have quit the
defendant even if the defendant doesn't
ask for it it's called Brady disclosure
after a 1963 Supreme Court case Brady V
Maryland there's no standard to
determine which evidence qualifies so
prosecutors decide on their own a
defendant can challenge his conviction
on Brady grounds if he can prove three
things that evidence was suppressed that
it's favorable to him and that it could
have affected the outcome of the trial
that's what the Supreme Court is now
considering in the fuller case here's
the theory that prosecutors presented at
the original trial a gang of more than
ten people were hanging out in a park on
the day of the murder they spotted
fuller and decided to rob her they
forced her into the alley where they
beat her dragged her into a garage and
sodomized her here's the evidence
prosecutors suppress the person who
found Fuller's body saw two men in the
alley
they both fled when the police arrived
the witness noticed one of the men
hiding an object under his coat and
identified him as someone named James
McMillan why his name not given to the
difference the policy of the Department
of Justice was that it is not required
to disclose information we will not
provide in one federal judge recently
called Grady violations and epidemic
out of the 762 murder exoneration since
1989 50% were Brady violations James
McMillan went on to commit two nearly
identical attacks on women and is now
serving life without parole one of the
eight men convicted for the fuller
murder was let out on good behavior
another died in prison the other six
have been incarcerated for the past 32
years we don't know how no the trial
would have shaved up and our jury would
have reacted if the defendant had put on
this alternative scary
you can say well I probably would have
found but the test is only for our jury
moving this scenario
you
David O'Reilly is an artist known for
bizarre animated ephemera a cult episode
of the cartoon adventure tongue
foul-mouthed 3d simulation and her and
now he's created a video game that
allows players to become anything and
everything in our interconnected
universe
it's called appropriately everything so
how do you explain the game I don't
explain it you don't explain it no I
don't think it's my job to explain it at
all I think I can describe it so how do
you describe it that's a hard one - it's
like I try in everything the player can
be anything if you see a tree you can
become it if you see a rock you could be
that or an atom of nitrogen or a galaxy
you play the game by being mostly it's
bringing it back to a version of Earth
and it's showing hopefully earth to be
the most sort of interesting planet and
out of all of Earth that creatures the
most interesting thing and we are the
most interesting creature that could
exist and at the same time you're
completely insignificant or I let's say
add significant as everything else in
the world everything also has a narrator
when you came into this world there
gradually arose into being the sensation
of I and it stays there a while it goes
through a development and then it drops
off the voice of Alan Watts a famous
philosopher who died in 1973 talks the
players at various points in the game so
we see one way of looking at things
mainly that the organism is very frail
against the environment it lasts a long
time the environment that the organism
only lasts a short time and so we
started making this game and I would
just listen to him just put it on oh
well while you were working while
working on it and then it was a strange
reflection between like what he was
saying and what we were making he's it
odd at all that you're using this guy
who passed away 40 years ago to narrate
your game I think anybody who's spent
time listen to Alan Watts you have this
deep you have a deep respect for him you
know I really worked hard to do justice
to I hope to do justice to what his
material is sometimes it kind of feels
like the game is almost a vehicle for
Alan Watts PSP yeah it's the biggest use
of Alan Watts material that's ever
existed I think that's and that's cool
like he was a philosopher was just
incredibly wise and you hear that in the
game what is in other words conflict at
one level if magnification is harmony at
a higher level and it's sometimes it's
really uncanny we talked about
everything a lot which is to say not the
game but the totality of the existence
or like you know the universe let's say
or nature everything might look like a
relaxing game but it actually goes with
some pretty dark places being is simply
a subtle experience which was nothing
before it started and will be nothing
after it's over it takes the game from
feeling like a weird acid trip into
something that's a lot deeper and just
real what do you want players get out of
this game it is trying to get at this
impossible thing which is an objective
perspective if you do want to argue or
make a point the best place to do that
from is from understanding the other's
point of view and maybe even
understanding it better than they do
David wants players to feel like they're
moving through their own documentary
about the nature of existence but what
you get out of that documentary depends
on how you play it check
four gallon wants in a more concise way
is that the difference and the interplay
of difference is the way through which
unity is observed so what you are is
changing all of the time but what it's
doing is always the same big changes are
happening at Twitter on Friday the
company announced they were getting rid
of the Twitter eggs the default profile
photos that have become associated with
anonymous harassment and trolling so
Twitter replace the egg with this
expressionless human silhouette soon to
become the new face of anonymous
harassment and trolling Twitter's move
might not seem like the biggest news but
it actually happened meanwhile every
company on the internet was busy rolling
out their April Fool's Day prank but
they've probably been working on for
months
unfortunately for us the gag Palooza
fell on a Saturday this year turning our
entire weekend into a long episode of
Punk'd but instead of Ashton Kutcher a
brand pops out of a bush and yelled
engagement among the dozens of companies
who poured far too much effort into
something for who knows what hey of
Lexus made an ad for its fake car
technology Burger King had an ad for
what a toothpaste and lyft showed it
really understood what April Fools
pranks are all about when it launched
its mono hailing glove which is actually
designed and produced see it's funny
because they spent time and money on a
product that everyone except me has
already forgotten about even the most
tarnished brands can get a lift from a
solid self effacing April Fool's gag
russia's Foreign Ministry made light of
current events with its recording on
their Facebook page to arrange a call
from a Russian diplomat to your
political opponents press 1 to use the
services of Russian hackers plus 2 to
request election interference plus 3 and
leap into the next donation campaign
look we all like to have a bit of fun
but let's be honest April Fool's is just
fake news between stories about Jarek
Khrushchev flying to Iraq and hamburger
toothpaste it's just too difficult for
today's youth consumed
to know what to believe put the fans of
fun pranks there's a silver lining they
used to only need one day a year that
eroded the public's trust in the media
now that phone gets to happen every day
forever hooray
that's vice news tonight for Monday
April 3rd
you
