tonight States putting handcuffs on
their cities the VA asks vets for its
money back and Rachel Dolezal is back I
don't actually identify as African
American and I'm his black
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny
was handed a 15 day jail sentence for
disobeying police orders because
Easter's considers to losing a pallucci
list or that we have across the
Prokhorov item or an e-book right now
let's see - able to preserve article
technology - it on Sunday Navami led
Russia's largest anti-corruption
demonstrations in five years
police arrested more than a thousand
people in Moscow alone for participating
in the band rally the day after Hong
Kong elected a pro-beijing leader Carrie
Lam Hong Kong police arrested nine of
the people who organized pro-democracy
protests in 2014 including university
professors and a reverend the so called
umbrella protests were huge
demonstrations that demanded free
elections independent of Chinese
influence
Attorney General Jeff Sessions made a
surprise appearance at the White House's
daily press briefing he told reporters
that from now on state and local
governments have to prove they're not
sanctuaries for undocumented immigrants
before they're given Justice Department
grants such policies cannot continue
they make our nation less safe by
putting dangerous criminals back on the
streets president Trump's son-in-law and
senior advisor Jared Kushner has agreed
to testify about Russian interference in
last year's election the White House
says it doesn't know if that hearing
will be public so he doesn't believe he
owes the American public an explanation
for what doing his job was meeting with
but you're acting as though there's
something nefarious about doing what he
was actually tasked to do
last year the Department of Defense came
under intense criticism for demanding
that nearly 10,000 California National
Guard soldiers returned their enlistment
bonuses which the Pentagon said it had
paid by accident now a vice news
investigation has uncovered a separate
accounting debacle the Department of
Veterans Affairs says it gave tens of
thousands of vets too much money in
benefits and it's demanding that they
pay up Josh Hirsch explains in June of
last year
tad Steckler got a letter in the mail it
told him he owed the VA more than ten
thousand dollars he'd been overpaid in
benefits it said but it didn't tell him
when or how two months later he got
another letter that told him his debt
had actually been miscalculated and now
he owed the agency $21,000 the next
month his entire disability check
because we withheld it turns out
Steckler wasn't alone
the VA sent more than a hundred and
eighty six thousand of these letters
last year telling veterans that they
owed money to the government the number
of these letters sent out by the agency
each year has nearly tripled since 2013
but these debts don't make sense to some
veterans who argue that the VA hasn't
provided them with enough information to
determine whether they were actually
overpaid or if the VA created the debt
in error they also say the VA process
for appealing these debts is a
bureaucratic mess and that has been
virtually impossible to get answers
before the VA starts withholding funds I
served 22 years in the US Army as a
commanding air specializing exposed to
demolition when I got the first letter I
was honestly in shock I thought it was
just one big mistake once we got
notified of the debt every single
officer or individual we have spoken to
has yet to give us a full accountability
of who what why wouldn't where a couple
years ago the VA took a lot of heat for
their backlog and processing
claims now they say their efforts to
reduce that backlog is one of the
reasons they've suddenly turned up so
many overpayments in processing the
claims they took another look at the
data and noticed discrepancies
essentially in trying to solve the
problem of a backlog the VA created a
new one the VA wouldn't tell us how much
the average veteran currently owes for
example but they did tell us there's no
limit to how much they can ask a vet to
repay and no limit on how far they're
willing to go back to collect an
overpayment
from a veteran
now that the Republican health care plan
has crashed and burned the White House
is eager to move on to its next big
priority tax reform which the Treasury
secretary wants to get done by the end
of the summer but that could prove just
as difficult as health care and there
are two big legislative obstacles
standing in the way already
Shauna Thomas has more from Washington
I'm disappointed because we could have
had it so I'm disappointed I'm a little
surprised to be honest with you what
this administration may or may not have
learned from last week's health care
embarrassment no one gets anything done
by themselves in Washington there is no
going it alone we're moving on to tax
reform it's got the budget coming up I
think it's more or less a warning shot
that we are willing to talk to anyone we
always have been and president Trump
needs help on a couple of things that
are more pressing than tax reform namely
funding the government and raising the
debt ceiling the first place to look for
help is to congressman mark meadows in
the three dozen or so hardcore
conservatives in the freedom caucus who
brought down the health care bill the
government runs out of money on April
28th and meadows knows he's got even
more power now power to insist on
conservative priorities like defunding
Planned Parenthood something he was
quite about in interviews this weekend
now the possibility that you would try
to defund Planned Parenthood in this
government funding initiative do you
need that in order to pass government
funding in April well I think what we
need from the Senator Schumer is is
really a willing partner he's not going
to find a willing partner on the
Democratic side of the aisle afternoon
everyone
Planned Parenthood is basically sacred
cow for Democrats and an easy thing to
get primary Dover and then there's the
debt limit which is the amount of money
the United States is allowed to borrow
to keep meeting its financial
obligations sometime in the fall it will
have to be increased so the government
can pay its bills freedom caucus members
have held raising the debt ceiling
hostage before to try to rein in
spending the Trump wants to spend money
on things like infrastructure so do the
Democrats and that presents President
Trump and speaker Ryan with a difficult
choice they can play ball with the
freedom caucus but the results are
likely to be so unacceptable to
Democrats that they'll never get through
the Senate where Democrats can block
things they don't like the other option
offers a better shot at keeping the
government's lights on but risks
offending Trump's pace sitting down with
Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats and
cutting a deal the fight for a higher
minimum wage and paid sick leave has
been gaining traction in progressive
cities across the u.s. but conservative
state legislators have found a way to
rein in city's progressive impulses
through state laws that prevent them
from passing their own
let me show you something hold on gotta
put a little more elbow grease good
teamwork I live in Minneapolis Minnesota
South Side
I didn't McDonald's for nine years I was
working for pocket change not actually
real money cuz my pace started out as
650 and it took nine years to make its
eleven in the nine years that Cristina
Cortez worked at a McDonald's inside a
hospital she wasn't able to take a day
off when she had the flu if you ever got
sick or if your daughter got sick how
did you handle that if I got sick it was
no culling off if I did try to call up
they will tell me no you have to come in
because we don't have nobody to cover
your shift
when Minneapolis passed a bill giving
residents paid sick leave Cristina was
relieved as a member of an advocacy
group she attended meetings did
interviews and rallied colleagues around
workers rights the efforts had finally
paid off why did you get involved I mean
what did you wanna accomplish I want to
have a voice so that they know that we
need this to be for every business and
not just some businesses but Republicans
in the state legislature introduced a
bill that would strip city's ability to
create their own labor laws if passed it
would kill Minneapolis is paid sick
leave law before it goes into effect in
July and prevent local minimum wage
hikes
in early March protesters descended on
the state capitol many workers had
fought for more than a year for paid
sick leave I've done a lot of these I
wasn't spoken at a lot of rallies I
didn't testified a lot of times sitting
in front of the council members and
state members letting them know that
this is not something that we're just
asking for that we want this is what's
needed to make our community better the
bill's sponsor representative Pat
Garofalo says he simply wants to clarify
existing laws businesses were very
concerned about what the uncertainty of
having ordinances decide labor policy
and so it's the Minneapolis ordinance
even though it's based just in the city
that's it doesn't apply to just the
businesses in their city it applies to
those employees who just are simply
traveling through their city for 80
hours the Minneapolis ordinance applies
to them regardless of where they're
based on them
Garofalo spell is one of a growing
number of preemption bills being pushed
by conservatives in state legislatures
they prevent local governments from
creating their own laws on everything
from gun control to sanctuary cities to
pesticide control on pre-empting paid
sick leave 15 states have already passed
these kinds of bills and 10 more states
are considering it but even Garofalo
acknowledge that the consequences of a
patchwork of labor laws may not be that
dire I know that some of those companies
did speak out against sort of the
patchwork at the hearing that you held
but have any of them threatened to leave
the state I think businesses are
hesitant to base all their decisions off
of one public policy certainly if
there's uncertainty and they don't know
where things are going there's the
potential for consequences and we want
to avoid them the bill is moving through
the Minnesota Legislature at a fast pace
the republican-controlled state House
passed it this month and the gop-led
Senate is expected to take it up soon
well Democratic Governor Mark Dayton
will probably be toe it Republicans will
likely look for other ways to push it
through but to Christina all the
legislative maneuvering just means that
lawmakers are ignoring the realities of
her life Minnesota actually needs sick
paydays and we also need a 15 an hour
people shouldn't have to be forced to
work three jobs to support their family
and housing because I'm tired I'm kind
of starting to give up on the struggle
of not having nothing
today we take one more step in putting
the jobs wages and Economic Security of
American citizens first on Friday the
Trump administration approved the
construction permit for the Keystone XL
pipeline which will transport more than
a hundred thousand barrels of oil each
day from tar sands in western Canada to
refineries on the US Gulf Coast the
White House is banking on it as a big
win for jobs and economic growth they
may end up being disappointed it's easy
to look at the Trump administration's
approval of the Keystone XL pipeline and
go great he's bringing back oil jobs to
America but the backdrop for this
decision paints a different picture in
the last year big oil companies like
shale oil and Statoil have decided on
their own to back out of tar sands oil
production projects because they're
expensive and unpopular so why would the
Trump administration bother resurrecting
this pipeline project according to
President trumpet his advisors the
fossil fuel industry is in decline and
they blame a combination of
environmental regulations and lack of
infrastructure so that's what they've
tackled by removing regulations like the
stream protection rule for coal mining
and approving the contested Keystone XL
pipeline but that view means that the
Trump administration is ignoring two
important truths about fossil fuels in
the u.s. first oil companies spend very
little on regulation compliance which
means getting rid of them isn't gonna
save them that much money
second most big oil companies aren't
actually in decline companies extract
from tar sands are still making money
they just aren't generating the kind of
capital allows for expansion because oil
prices are too low right now one barrel
of Alberta oil goes for just under $40
to make major new projects possible that
number would have to hit around $80 per
barrel that means oil prices need to go
up and the most direct method to achieve
that is
slow down production which brings us
back to the Keystone XL pipeline by
approving it President Trump is
essentially trying to fight having too
much oil with even more oil
there are a few places more
quintessentially British than the corner
pub Tim Martin runs more than 900 of
them he's the boss of JD Wetherspoon the
UK's largest independent pub Jane but
unlike most British business leaders he
was a vocal supporter of brexit which
the Prime Minister will officially
launch this week and Hassan spoke with
Martin as the divorce proceedings get
underway
Tereza may the Prime Minister has said
that breaks it means breaks it and it
means a heart breaks it are you still
confident that you made the right
decision I'm completely confident that
the right decision was made because
democracy equals prosperity and freedom
and wherever you are in the world
democratic states have done better than
non democratic ones and the EU is
becoming increasingly undemocratic
democracies were that you're using
constantly will it really be some
amazing utopia of economy and democracy
when the United Kingdom leaves the
european union democracy certainly won't
give you utopia but as Winston Churchill
said it's better than the alternatives
tim's pub empire has made him a wealthy
man his 30 percent stake in
Weatherspoon's is thought to be worth
324 million dollars during the brexit
campaign Tim became famous for spreading
his politics on beer mats he distributed
half a million of them last year to
encourage Weatherspoon patrons to vote
out of the EU he's not your standard
breaks it's year he departs from many in
the pro leave camp by being a strong
supporter of immigration providing it's
at a moderate level I take a liberal
attitude towards immigration and feel
it's a benefit to the country it has to
be controlled though by our own
government by supporting brexit haven't
you just screwed over those
workers that you have I don't think so
not one EU worker has come up to me on
my weekly pub fizzes and said you
shouldn't have adopted the the line it
might not be so confident to go to that
bowl write me a letter or even criticize
me in the press
we should have granted legal rights to
stay here to the people who are here now
I think they came here illegally and
that would be the right thing to do
once article 50 is triggered on
Wednesday by Teresa may the complex
negotiations of the UK's withdrawal from
the EU officially begins if Teresa may
is presented with a deal that isn't good
enough should she walk away she should
definitely walk away without a deal I
think that too much is made of of a deal
with the EU we don't have a trade deal
and nor does the EU with the United
States of America the biggest economy in
the world but as a businessman how can
you have confidence in not having a deal
when you don't know what could
potentially happen the confidence comes
from increasing the level of democracy
and that will produce economic benefits
Australia New Zealand North America
aren't in the EU it's not causing them a
problem it's the opposite it's a benefit
Rachel Dolezal used to run the Spokane
Washington chapter of the n-double a-c-p
the legendary civil rights group
chartered to support black Americans the
Dolezal isn't black she just identifies
as black are you african-american
I don't I don't understand the question
are your parents are they white and when
that fact emerged in 2015 she lost her
job and got famous as a national
laughingstock Dolezal has legally
changed her name to an cachi Amari
Diallo but she's using the name that
made her famous to publish her new
memoir in full color
Dexter Thomas went to Spokane to meet
her so I think he's a little too radical
really the King has been so sanitized
yeah some people don't even know that he
has anything else that's radical since
the controversy Rachel Dolezal has been
spending her time at home in Spokane
Washington trying to rebuild her life
now she's hoping to tell her side of the
story through a new book what's the
point of the book would you say I really
wanted to kind of set the record
straight
you know subtle things about that have
been misconstrued about my life and
document my personal journey and how
things fit together for my sons and I
know you're aware of this but there's a
lot of black people who feel like what
you're doing is selfish I mean it's
almost like if you got voted off the
island shouldn't you just go did I get
voted off an island you told me it's
kind of a manufactured frenzy and
controversy that got stirred up in 2015
right by white media the white parents
the white police you know like those are
the people that instigated that
controversy so basically you're saying
this is basically black people being mad
at you is a white conspiracy based off
of a white narrative about me yes in her
book
Rachel Dolezal puts a lot of the blame
for society's view of her on her family
two years ago she was preparing to sue
her brother Joshua Dolezal for allegedly
molesting her younger adopted sister
according to criminal charges the victim
claimed the abuse occurred over multiple
years and included forcing her to
perform oral sex on him but then her
parents appeared on TV it's rachel
creating her own reality it was just
completely heartbreaking that that case
actually got shut down because they went
on a whole national media circuit with
CNN and ABC NBC Fox News they did every
major Network and my credibility was
shot so the case got dropped the case
got dropped
so basically what you're saying is your
parents save their oldest white son from
being locked up as a child monster and
from their actions a young black woman
suffered I mean that was like the
tragedy that nobody saw the charges
against Joshua Dolezal were dropped by
the prosecutors in 2015
when reached by Vice news for comment
Dolezal said the lies my sister tells
about me and my family are obscene and
that celebrity is still her goal not
social justice I'm hoping that with the
release of the book and getting my true
story out there I'm able to rebuild
enough credibility to where we can get
that case you know brought back Rachel
Dolezal is also hoping that her memoir
in full color will start a conversation
about how we think about race in America
you know what is whiteness or blackness
or you know what does it mean to fall in
between or in what ways are we who we
are I'm not part of that owning praising
living whiteness it's like that's just
not that's not me well being I mean
being able to distance yourself from
that is is kind of a privilege right be
able to say you know what I don't want
anything to do with the whiteness
distancing yourself from from privileges
privilege when the police show up I
can't say whoa whoa whoa whoa just so
you know I'm not black I'm actually
white they doesn't work that way part of
me wonders I'm like are people actually
saying you have privilege and you've
been privileged or people more
interested in just calling me white
Dolezal says that because of all the
negative press she's been having trouble
getting a job so a lot of her income
comes from a side hustle she's had it
for a long time doing black hair she
says she's one of the few people in
Spokane who can do black hair and she
still has loyal clients
she's also selling her artwork which is
something else she's been doing since
she was young but recently she's been
having trouble doing that too there's
this kind of all pieces of recycled
magazine paper right now I'm pretty
broke so I can't afford a lot of paints
she hopes her art can serve as a medium
for people to better understand her and
her identity so the concept here is
saying I don't care what color rachel is
I'm caring blue or purple or green I
just care about the work that she did
right right but I paint like I'm still
me in every single piece Dolezal is
launching her book tour in South Africa
she says the climate there is more
receptive to the ideas of racial
fluidity and self-identification some of
the freedom fighters
they're from the mandela era are working
for a non-racial south african society
they're bringing me down there because
they're just like we want to have this
conversation do you think we're ready to
do that here - people just are you know
not ready to progress and evolve and
move forward on the issue of race and I
think part of what's holding that up is
there's still a sense of like a score
needs to be settled you know we still
haven't had reparations we still haven't
had like this healing Truth and
Reconciliation commissions would you
begin to check no I'm not I don't I
don't actually identify as African
American identifies black like what
somebody who moved here from Nigeria get
a check no there's a pan African
diaspora
so I'm part of the pan we all go back to
Africa we all have a black mother
eventually
that's vice news tonight for Monday
March 27th
