over the past two months
aggressive ice rates have sent
immigrants across the United States
underground and now fearing deportation
a growing number of undocumented people
are opting for the previously
unthinkable fleeing the country they
fled to in the first place
Roberto furred Minh joined a family
trying to escape the country without
being caught America para tener mucho
sueño pero de gracia demente esto
channel ah yeah no no para taku taku
Miguel Jose is a carpenter for almost a
decade he and his wife Maria lived in
suburban Maryland raising their two
children Joel and Violetta but for the
past two weeks this has been Jose's home
the basement of a church in Buffalo New
York where he's been hiding from the US
government this isn't how he wanted his
life to unfold but he knows what could
happen if he sent back to El Salvador
cuando - not a wound upon the I am until
the nurse elbow room that listen okay
they met or acabo continued come to mama
come to Papa - Herrmann lo que tenga
River
I see what misallocated mama criminal
material bank TC Etowah toe dildo
milkiness a yellow - I'm Italian Elise I
mean Jose is worried about being
deported since he snuck into the u.s. in
2001 but since election night the fear
has become crippling
as to open the NT Torah watching over me
billion-dollar Decatur senior umber
Donovan our Joker swallowed a doe a
tilapia request a senior know Vanara y
cuando Kuchera que el avión a la
presidencia a Mesa Maradona Larry Moe
porque yo sabía que venía muchas cosas
that really rockin a pie but an author
lo immigrant Jose decided that the
country he ran to 16 years ago was now
the country had to run from in Buffalo
is only a mile from Canada joseon un
caso con Adama DSL el permiso para estar
en el pie enjoy Acosta who need oh no no
no he called a local NGO that's been
sheltering immigrants they connected him
to reverend justo Gonzales whose church
has agreed to help if your gut says
something's wrong
go open the door are we aware that we
are putting ourselves at peril yes are
we looking for a fight with the United
States government
no but will I stand in this congregation
stand on the right side of history the
right side of justice
absolutely people are more important
than documents Buffalo's churches have a
history of offering sanctuary to people
in need before the Civil War they
famously served as one of the last stops
on the Underground Railroad
there's no coordinated effort to funnel
people out of the country yet but justo
says he's been in contact with churches
in almost every state that are
mobilizing to provide shelter for
undocumented immigrants what do you hope
that they'll demand outcome of your
efforts and the efforts of others not
just in Buffalo but elsewhere will be
well I hope that we're sending a clear
message to the federal government and to
the rest of America of the craziness
of our system we criminalize people and
then point the finger and say you see
they're criminals look it's been almost
a month since Jose seen his family he's
the only one who's undocumented but
after he left they decided they weren't
going to let him sneak out of the United
States alone so they abandoned their
home in Maryland to join him there and
barakatuh how not to know Yamaha
it's Jose's family's last night in
America tomorrow an unmarked car will
pick them up and take them to the border
if they aren't stopped by ice agents on
the way they'll be escorted to a
Canadian immigration office there jose
maria will undergo background checks and
extensive questioning any misstep would
almost certainly lead to deportation
your China she told me that you have a
girlfriend yeah I do are you guys
staying in touch yeah
long-distance yeah do you understand why
why you gotta go yeah my dad said Dave
if he had papers then he would stay here
I don't wanna leave it's not fair and my
dad he wants to move because you know
well the kids play their parents prepare
for the following morning get any Rios a
paramagnet ambien pocket okay they're
awake the end of the meeting Mary just a
costume brother yeah come on Perry param
param moment oh I see come on mañana
passive is another session include the
puede llegar a Santa Rita Chiarelli
retros a ver todo
pero no puedo hacer lo decidido crews
are low
the next day Jose woke his family up at
4:30 in the morning two hours before the
car was scheduled to arrive Joelle
captures the last stretch of the eight
minute drive to the border on his phone
I wish that there was some way to have
people have the right information before
they come here that they understand the
risk that they're taking because it's a
huge risk
yeah Martha Mason runs the Resource
Center where refugees like Jose wait for
Canadian border officials to question
them you can see over the course of the
day that their anxiety increases and you
can see the body language you know and
they're just moving around in January
and February of last year just over 800
people arrived at the border seeking
refuge in Canada but in the first two
months of this year the number jumped to
nearly 2,200 the checkpoint outside of
Buffalo is one of 29 that exists
throughout the border where undocumented
immigrants must have a family member
living in the country in order to be
granted a refugee hearing but Canadian
immigration officials have also been
inundated with people entering Canada by
foot which allows them to seek asylum
without knowing anyone in the country
would you say that the expectation is
that the number of people is going to
grow going forward we don't want to
imply that there's a crisis but at the
same time we feel it's looming by the
time immigration officers made a
decision about Jose and his family they
were the last one still waiting after 12
hours they were finally welcome to
Canada
Oh
your Adam's apple my family that night
Jose's family checked into a transition
house just across the border
in 60 days they'll have the refugee
claimant hearing which will determine
whether they can stay for good
you
