unicorns are real no not that type of
unicorn I'm talking about startups like
uber and airbnb that are worth over a
billion dollars so what does this
mythical creature have in common with
these businesses well they both depend
on stories to exist as a February 2017
there were 185 unicorns mostly in the
tech industry with a collective
valuation of 654 billion dollars that's
a lot of money especially when you
consider that many of these companies
have never made a dime in profit so who
in their right mind would invest in
these companies venture capitalists
normally when people invest they worry
about losing money and they don't like
risk in venture capital you've dreamed
with the entrepreneur and you imagine
what you could make and you don't worry
as much about the wizard the venture
capitalists are willing to place these
risky bets for one simple reason
potential tech companies are
particularly attractive because they can
grow at warp speed from one user to
millions seemingly overnight but how do
you quantify potential that's where a
bit of alchemy called valuation comes in
traditionally companies value is based
on hard numbers cash flow earn assets
things like that but those traditional
metrics are often unavailable with
unicorns or they're simply not that
relevant when a company is really young
you're investing in this story you can
dress that up as much as you want but
you're investing in a story many times
it's not even necessary for investors to
truly believe the story that the company
is telling they're just fearful of
missing out on a big investment you know
there is a real concern that this sort
of FOMO kind of fear of missing out
drives investor decisions when you see
the kinds of valuations attached to
these stocks it can be very attractive
for you to say hey I want to get in on
the action there's a kind of cognitive
effect
where they tend to ignore any risk or
concerns or red flag but venture
capitalists see it a little different
it's not that they're unaware of the
risk they're just willing to take them
given the scale of the rewards this is
like buying a lottery ticket right and I
think that's what you're getting with
these young tech companies is the
capacity to take a small amount of money
and make it a large amount of money over
a very short period and that's every
investor three
