it's been a year since 700,000 Marinka
Muslims began streaming out of northern
Rakhine State in Buddhist majority
Myanmar turning this stretch of
Bangladesh into the world's largest
refugee camp today the UN released a
report saying the RO hinga were fleeing
state-sponsored genocide the most
serious charge that the UN can make
against the government the report calls
for Myanmar's top generals including the
commander-in-chief to face prosecution
Myanmar has justified the crackdown as a
response to attacks by ro hinga
insurgents and the government continues
to deny all accusations of ethnic
cleansing Rosina says she was 16 when
the soldiers came to her village they
burned homes tortured and executed the
men and raped the women she asked to
cover her face with a veil and to use a
different name the military says women
like Rosina invented their claims but
she lives with the evidence mother
Hazara - a mother but that in Hika
attorney he desires i assume what if a
liar a were seen a fled to the camps
with members of her family relying on
limited aid and surviving monsoons and
disease outbreaks now a 17 year old
single mother she faces an additional
hardship her relatives have refused to
accept her child she's now just trying
to get by until she can go back to her
village in Myanmar
they did not but I got a mother and my
my brother I'm good over there taking my
another I'm gonna call another day a
mother got it funny but not hungry
here refugees live in overcrowded
conditions in an already overpopulated
country and Bangladesh is eager to find
a long-term solution in May the UN
secretly brokered a deal between Myanmar
Bangladesh to pave the way for the
working gets a return but the refugees
weren't consulted more hippler who was a
teacher before he fled Myanmar a year
ago says they want the military to be
held to account before they can go back
as 10 million he and his volunteers have
been gathering data images and
eyewitness testimonies in hopes of
building a case for the International
Criminal Court how many cases do you
know about of rape David day one till
then attended 34 case according to mo
habilis records the village of Tula Tula
also known as Minji suffered one of the
worst massacres and this is where 850
killed 127 rapes
so you're saying it's very organized
someone knows you don't think they could
have been acting either themselves yeah
they cannot even they cannot shoot one
bullet without order how do you get any
kind of legal justice for land there's
no way to have information about the
people who perpetrated this crime we
know that the people bgp sector for
battalion 99 28 older you know which
which units DC unit 99 now we have
enough evidence we already sent through
the bangladesh good idea what do you
want from the ICC
Oh to take the action according the law
like Maha Bua human rights organizations
are also building a case for the ICC
but Myanmar isn't a signatory to the
treaty that would put it under the
jurisdiction of the ICC and
investigators haven't even been given
access to northern Rakhine State where
the killings took place to show us they
had nothing to hide Myanmar's government
invited us on a rare trip for foreign
journalists handless escorted us to a
carefully orchestrated three-day agenda
the first stop was a border district
where many Rohingya refugees used to
live the Rohingya want to return here
provided that the authorities take steps
to ensure that the persecution doesn't
continue but right now this official an
administrator for a district where mass
killings took place won't admit anything
like that happened at all what's your
response to claims that there was a
deliberate strategy to push the Muslim
residents of this area CR value Lucia
voj I don't get it
Julia did you see villages being banned
when we managed to get away from our
handlers and convoy we saw why the
Rohingya feel they have little to return
to
so we just drove past a site that looked
like it used to be a village we're just
gonna walk in and see if we can get
close to it these are all places that
used to be houses here but they've been
completely destroyed there's nobody here
at all one of the things we heard about
with Gro hinga villages in this part of
Rakhine State was that they were burned
down to make sure that the Rohingya
didn't come back so you can actually see
here in the corner there's some rip top
pages of the Koran so this is definitely
what used to be a mosque
we also tried to get to that village of
Minji also known as totally where
reports said a large-scale massacre took
place so our contacts in the refugee
camps in Bangladesh you've just sent us
over whatsapp a map of the village of
Tula thali where they say this massacre
took place they've actually drawn the
site of where the mass grave is
containing the bodies of those that were
killed we were able to find the cross
roads for the villages but our driver
refused to turn spin g.g the handler
came back for us when he saw a stop it's
really are they hiding something in this
place is there something they don't want
us to see I don't know exactly but
that's why we want to go there because
nobody's being that's a place we are not
suddenly changed to play we were unable
to reach the alleged mass graves just
like other outside observers
what the officials did want to show is
that they had built fully staffed
reception centers and were totally
prepared to welcome the refugees back
the UN has repeatedly criticised Myanmar
authorities for failing to ensure
conditions are safe for the Rohingya but
immigration officials say it's not their
fault that the refugees haven't returned
can you guys understand why they might
not want to come back I mean this place
it looks like a prison camp and it's run
by the same people that they accuse of
persecuting and killing them in the
first place
help any hope I knew any mom even if the
Rohingya did start to come back they
likely wouldn't get the legal
recognition they seek including
citizenship
Myanmar's government actually considers
them illegal immigrants from Bangladesh
ruin John Doe with Myanmar refusing to
acknowledge one doing all the existence
of the Rohingya ethnic group the
refugees future remains uncertain
this is no-man's land a strip on the
edge of Myanmar's border with Bangladesh
the 5,000 row hangar living here would
likely be the first to be returned since
they're within myanmar's boundaries they
know that the government has said they
can return but they remain in limbo
unwilling to leave the country but too
fearful to go back to their villages do
any of you guys speak English
not sent for us you're afraid of the the
military why still not still having a
chant advanced there are better
what kind of action according to law
international law the solvent is so many
people have been killed nobody want to
live this bad condition
you
