data released this week shows that the
number of white rhinos killed for their
horns in South Africa dropped by 10
percent in 2016 that's only a minor
abatement after an unprecedented rise in
poaching over the last decade reduced
the world's population of white rhinos
to just 20,000 South Africa is home to
the majority of them even though the
country only banned the trade of rhino
horns in 2009 the trade has been illegal
internationally for 40 years the
government hoped the ban would quote
curbed the demand for horn and horn
products and reduce poaching it's easy
to get on board with that argument but
John Hume the world's largest rhino
rancher and conservationists disagrees
with the trade bans underlying premise
and in May last year after a long legal
fight South Africa's Supreme Court sided
with Hume the state of the ban is now in
flux
we do on average between 200 and 300
trimmings a yeah we've had some animals
that grow up to ten millimeters in a
month but on average you can work at
about 12 millimeters a month per animal
this is the home that you witnessed
being cut off there it's been cut open
the dead part of the keratin in the non
growing part like you would cut your
nails off said just like your nails it's
not pain painful to the animal but
because it's a wild animal obviously but
is sedated in order to do the procedure
rhino breeder John Hume and his team
have stockpiled nearly five tons of
rhino horn he has nearly 1300 rhinos on
his property outside Johannesburg this
cow is about 18 years she's pregnant
again she does have a call with her I
think she's given us three or four calls
the time this has been at the project
the only way to save owners in my
opinion is to breed them and protect
them and in order to pay for the huge
cost of protecting if we are not allowed
to get the the cost of that protection
back from selling the rhino horn runners
will go extinct one kilogram of rhino
horn about 2.2 pounds can fetch up to
sixty five thousand dollars on the black
market higher than golden cocaine
fueling a surge in rhino poaching only
thirteen rhinos were killed by poachers
in South Africa in 2007 whereas 1054
rhinos were killed in 2016
less than a decade later the men may
takes practice practice practice in
addition to the ban the South African
government is actively funding anti
poaching initiatives
today including the training of Ranger
staff to combat poachers who now use
night-vision goggles veterinary
tranquilizers and silencers the kind of
poacher we are meeting up with is
completely different so the training is
completely escalated we've got people
out there thousands upon thousands of
man-hours you spent on protect
Ranas but these initiatives come at a
massive expense that the pro trade Lobby
says is unsustainable and
counterproductive in February 2009 when
the moratorium was introduced we
virtually said to the world go away we
will never sell you another Rhino they
did go away they went to Mozambique and
did a deal with the poor Mozambique and
villages to slaughter our honours and
supply the east was born from dead
runners instead of what we could have
done go on supplying them with warm from
live runners the horns that Hume is
accumulated could garner nearly 300
million dollars with today's estimate
leading some to believe the motivation
is financial rather than conservationist
but human the pro trade Lobby say that
their legal inventory would stem the
demand for illegal poaching while
subsidizing the enormous cost of
conservation I have real sympathy for
the private owners because they are
absolutely hemorrhaging cash on security
how on earth do they pay for that
uk-based save the Rhino is the world's
leading Rhino advocacy agency it's
monitoring the ongoing trade ban debate
in South Africa so if a legal method of
raising money disappears what other
private owners supposed to do it's not
just for commercial reasons they they
they love their rhinos absolutely
believe John Hume when he says he really
cares about his rhinos he wants a
healthy viable population but it costs a
hell of a lot of money and somehow
they've got to raise that selling rhino
horn would be one way of covering those
costs the South African Ministry of
Environment denied our request for
comment we're not winning the war why
can't we see it it's staring us in the
face every day
rhinos do not pay and therefore they
will not stay
