the White House today disavowed a draft
memo obtained by The Associated Press
that proposes mobilizing 100,000
National Guard troops to round up
illegal immigrants that's not likely to
happen what is likely to happen is broad
enforcement of Trump's executive order
to deny federal funding to so-called
sanctuary cities jurisdictions that
choose not to enforce federal
immigration policy in Michigan the state
legislature is considering a similar
statewide bill to cut cities out of tax
sharing plans but in the capital city of
Lansing lawmakers are deciding whether
to declare themselves a sanctuary anyway
and the measure is dividing the all
liberal local government Cathy Dunbar
has been a Lansing City Council member
for 12 years by day she runs a nonprofit
on the city's underprivileged south side
but in the last few weeks she's been
reading up on immigration law she wants
the City Council to declare that Lansing
is a sanctuary city so tell me what it
is that the city is not doing when it
comes to immigration that you would
change if you become a sanctuary City we
already do a lot of things or don't do a
lot of things we don't ask for
immigration status when we do random
stops our city departments don't ask for
documentation unless it's required by
law we would be flagged under this
administration for being a sanctuary
City I just want to put it in writing to
make people more comfortable the city of
Lansing is another one of those
metropolitan enclaves of blue and
otherwise red state while Trump barely
won Michigan sixty point two percent of
Ingham County where Lansing is voted for
Clinton in this liberal town it might be
surprising the City Council's even
arguing about being a sanctuary City so
why can't a blue town agree on something
like this it seems like a very
fundamental issue for the left these
days I don't think anybody up there
disagrees that this should be adopted
there should be a resolution adopted
they're all scared about how far it goes
are you scared of Trump I wouldn't say
that I'm angered by him I'm mystified by
him I'm stunned by him almost every day
but scared of him though
mayor verge Bernardo has been in charge
of the city for 11 years so is Lansing a
sanctuary city boy go right for the
jugular in many respects we are I have
to put the caveat in because I don't
know what sanctuary city is well
banheiro may not want to define a
sanctuary city the Trump administration
the phrase equates a loss of money and
in the time he's been running the city
the poverty rate has gone from eighteen
point five percent to 21 percent where
does Trump factor into this conversation
well he has to factor in anytime a
federal official especially the
president United States talks about
taking money away from us we're trying
to provide real services to real people
we're struggling to answer 911 calls I
mean that's the reality and to him that
reality means his city has to cooperate
with the federal government they need to
cooperate with President Donald Trump
I'm a undocumented immigrant I'm
arrested do I get turned over to ice by
linearly if you're breaking the law in
Lansing and ice has a detainer on you we
hold you for ice we have done that and
we plan to continue to do that
the recent ice raid stirred Cathy other
City Council members protesters and
immigrants into action on the table the
City Council meeting a resolution
approved by the City Attorney supporting
policies quote welcoming unquote to
immigrants without any mention of the
word sanctuary it does not declare
Lansing to be a quote unquote sanctuary
city whatever that is is rather declares
Lansing to being a welcoming city which
it always has been
I love Lansing and I think that Lansing
is a safe place and I think that is a
safe place because there is trust in
getting Authority and the community
council member Brown Clarke language is
not ready know after nearly four hours
the council voted down some stronger Pro
sanctuary amendments yes
council member Hussein no four three and
then they punted the final decision
let's consider it pulled at this point
activists and council members are hoping
to find language everyone can agree on
so did you win today by putting it on
hold I think so I mean seriously I
didn't want it I didn't want to pass
anything that would make folks feel
comfortable or safe where there's really
no teeth in it to make this do you think
more time will get you more of these
people on the council to vote for Teague
I think more time will help provide them
with more education in the matter and
make them feel more calm
Lansing shares a desire to draw a clear
line from Trump but also wrestling with
how antagonistic to be towards a White
House that's ready for a fight the final
decision could lane with Panero who has
veto power over city council resolutions
you're trying to find a way to keep that
federal money and keep Trump from coming
down here and saying you should lose it
yes yes no question about it
and I would like I definitely want to
keep all the federal money and state
money and add to it that I get so I can
do the good things that the public needs
me to do I'm not gonna compromise my
core principles you know is there
something that I would lay down in front
of the truck for and and potentially
risk getting arrested there are but the
word sanctuary City is not it no exactly
