love them or hate them emojis are
showing up everywhere in our culture
from fashion to add to movies men
they've become a widely used form of
communication otherwise known as a
language but one many people don't
understand
Mary HK Choi went to London to talk to a
translation company looking to hire
someone who's fluent in emoji as well as
his own emotions which is your vision in
skin as the founder of today translation
a 16 year old london-based firm that
translates websites legal documents and
ads for companies like your shells and
even the City of London police with over
3,000 translators translating 200
languages they just posted a job for one
more an emoji translator this is Loy
statue in Tokyo it's look II stylish
time nope hahahaha I know it sounds like
a publicity stunt or a job design for
middle schooler vigilance kena says
there's a real market for emoji fluency
it's beyond this assignment beyond
translation it is more about social
behavior right it is about understanding
what they're using a specific emotion in
the right context but it is emerging
area of confusion even now it's used in
legal cases where for example text
messages are presented as evidence and
jewelry now is given a task and the
judge to interpret the meaning of emoji
the Unicode consortium the people who
decide which emojis will be included on
the official emoji keyboard recently
released over a hundred new ones each
fraught with a potential for
misunderstanding in the u.s. a waving
hand is a greeting in China and you
never want to see someone again even
something as universal as who can range
in meaning depending on where you are I
believe alignment it means what a dream
but when you even look
the France in front in France people use
it as a good luck the okay sign that one
no there that one
that means something completely
different in Brazil and I'm suspecting
that from your body language this is
something really rude yes it is okay the
same a thumbs up in the Middle East
that's like the middle finger I think my
favorite one is definitely Olga the
deputy together right yes because I saw
this was such a bad saying it was the
devil but it's not it's actually a
creature let's protect your households
from bad spirits there have been over
500 applicants ranging from linguists to
college students and the position has
yet to be filled part of the application
process is an emotive test which is
harder than it sounds first you
translate emojis into English and an
English closed including Shakespeare
into emoji I took the test and I'm
really really curious to see how I did
both question Chris oh well done Mary
you have a future
I had them worth trouble with an English
into emoji I think we need to work on
the little Shakespeare but when it comes
to actual meaning and understanding the
meaning of Shakespeare sometimes this is
tricky
based on my score on the test would you
call me in for an interview
we will shortlist you I think shortlist
okay
you
