a hundred and eighty miles south of
Phoenix Homeland Security Secretary John
Kelly visited the border city of Nogales
today to hammer home the Trump teams
commitment to border security but
they're already tough measures in place
the border is guarded by agents with
military-grade surveillance equipment as
well as special checkpoints that can be
set up on roads and highways anywhere
within a hundred miles of a US border
with in that vast zone border control is
given broad leeway to stop detain and
search vehicles and for people who live
there the agents are a constant and
often invasive presence David Noriega
went to southern Arizona to see what
life is like within the hundred mile
zone this is a u.s. Border Patrol
checkpoint in southern Arizona it's one
of three that choke off all routes north
between Nogales and Sasabe right in the
middle is a tiny unincorporated
community called Arivaca there isn't
much in Arivaca meaning that whenever
residents leave town for things like
shopping and banking they have to go
through the Border Patrol a few years
ago a group of residents in Arivaca
decided they had had enough they called
themselves people helping people and
working from this tiny office one of
only a handful of buildings on their
Ibaka's main drag they made plans to
monitor the closest checkpoint what kind
of equipment do you guys usually bring
with you we bring you know clipboards
with forms in which we document the
number of people coming through the
checkpoint and any incidents could
happen
once or twice a week
Peter Reagan makes the trick to the
checkpoint where he and other volunteers
spend hours documenting the Border
Patrol agents that remove the group says
the data is gathered at the checkpoint
shows that Latinos are more than 20
times more likely to be asked for ID
the ACLU cited the data in a report and
is representing Reagan and one other
person in a lawsuit against Customs and
Border Protection over their right to
monitor the checkpoint so before one
citizen I used to show of my tonight
inclusive income and then after that my
citizenship I said I'm not showing them
anything some members of the group like
Carlota Rey they they've experienced the
profiling personally why are you doing
this why do you do what you do they
always give me a hard time here because
of my color
I mean after living in all this years in
this little town and come to here we
pretty much every day I was almost
really sick of it I'm still sick of it
typically the law does not allow police
to stop people indiscriminate a
checkpoint but in 1976
the Supreme Court Rule that checkpoints
near the border are lawful for the sole
purpose of conducting a routine and
limited inquiry into residence status
it wasn't until in 1990 when President
Bill Clinton crack down on illegal
immigration as part of a broader move to
the political hunter the checkpoints
proliferated that's why our
administration has moved aggressively to
secure our borders more by hiring a
record number of new border guards since
then the ACLU and other critics have
accused the Border Patrol of using the
checkpoints for general criminal
enforcement overstepping the line set by
the Supreme Court they say this leads to
agents routinely violating the Fourth
Amendment rights of residents by
stopping searching and detaining them
without suspicion on top of that
humanitarian groups have partially
faulted the checkpoints for the deaths
of thousands of migrants were pushed off
the roads and into the desert the
checkpoints have always divided the
people of Arivaca with some residents
saying they make a community safer and
people helping people as volunteers say
that the divisions have grown starker
since Donald Trump successfully
campaigned on connecting immigrants with
crime
aren't you gonna put me off Carl okay
every day the crime drop good job great
job to the break-in drop we reached out
to Customs and Border Protection for
comment about allegations of Fourth
Amendment violations and racial
profiling at the checkpoint we also
asked whether they intended to increase
checkpoint activity under the new
administration they declined to comment
citing pending litigation on the day we
spent with Arivaca checkpoint monitors
103 cars pass through the checkpoint
agents only asked people in two cars for
their IDs including the people in this
pickup truck who say they live right up
the road let's get on local members AE
maliciousness a5 the advantage of it
President Trump has already signed an
executive order calling for 5,000 new
Border Patrol agent and members of
people helping people say they fear the
agents will grow more aggressive under
the new administration for them
this means more time by the side of the
road amassing this gets a little PDA um
yeah I can yeah but there's some nice
mountains to look at assessments so even
though the view this way is not so great
if there's nobody coming through you can
look beyond the checkpoint to the
mountains and imagine the checkpoints
out there
