German Chancellor Angela Merkel met with
turkish President Recep Erdogan to talk
about a potential deal between the EU
and Turkey to slow the flow of migrants
into Europe but in Munich some locals
have come up with their own solution to
the migrant issue and it isn't
particularly welcoming since 2015 15,000
refugees have moved in or around
Germany's third largest city Munich here
in the city suburb of maple oxide
there's been a heated dispute over the
presence of this a 300 foot long 13 foot
tall stone partition separating locals
from what will soon be a refugee housing
center that will take in 160
unaccompanied minors that have fled to
Germany it's more than a foot taller
than the Berlin Wall Costas matatus a
Greek immigrant who's lived in Munich
for 40 years lives only a hundred yards
from the wall he like the majority of
locals say that the barrier is merely
there to shield them from the
anticipated noise of all the refugees
playing sports outside when they
ultimately arrive here coming the tunnel
was allowed under Solomon's 80-yard if
there was a nursery that do you think
they'd also asked for a 13 foot wall to
be built I have got to decide how big
must be here within the evil Germans
yeah this is an earwig not puffed this
technically flipping it it's in this
quiet neighborhood just nearby there's
already an outdoor sports facility
without any exterior noise barriers
which is why Guido Buchholz who sits on
the local council committee that
originally approved the refugee center
isn't buying the noise arguments 300
metres away there's a very big sport
area it's not the noise they said we
don't want the refugees okay now we have
to live now with this building and we
don't want him but we want the wall
local residents took the
court blocking the construction and
demanding a sound barrier it was then
that the council agreed to build the
wall symbolic kids it's a monster
against refugees
he was so angered by what happened he
made a film about it and posted it
online when I took the film in the
internet I got many many mails you
why you do these things for Refugees you
know that it's German law the wall and
why you are against it
Stephan Reich is one of six residents
who brought legal action against the
local authorities you see the wall
through the trees and behind the wall
there will be the soccer field and
behind the soccer field you can see the
refugee home yes in graffiti drawn on
your house can you tell me what that
said I thought the graffitis tilt and
Aravind as he had Enric Sala di calabria
as his own the under and not see on
Tareq's fascist the Muslims need for
taking the enriched eschaton on their
team of efforts on some standpoint Reza
an Afghan refugee who fled from Iran
lived in housing around 20 minutes south
of the wall you've been in Germany for a
year have you seen a change in the
attitudes of local Germans towards
refugees Jay Conewago Amalapuram are
bidding on about dangers in the in
Makani in EXO last owner and editing a
long time time how you can me is also
can be modest Amelia Vatican million
modular the ecolution HD bomb can buy
via ham Boyet images of Bashar the young
refugees are due to arrive in noble
Oxford in April they'll be greeted by
the wall which residents say is here to
stay
you
