mega-millionaire Republican donor Betsy
DeVos was approved by the Senate
Education Committee today to move one
step closer to becoming the next
education secretary the eyes have it the
nomination will be favorably reported
DeVos is a staunch supporter of charter
schools and voucher programs and many
public schools worried they won't be
able to compete against the Trump
administration's platform of free-market
education but in South Los Angeles one
public school is taking matters into its
own hands marketing itself directly to
students it's almost February which in
LA means its eighth grader recruiting
season at Santiago for assemble muchos
programas ocasion
an LA Unified School District students
are allowed to pick the school they want
to attend right so if you wanted to come
to Santee you go to and get enrolled in
our Falcon Academy you would be taking
biology honors high schools or
campaigning for these kids attention to
class one schools even use shooting
techniques like these house visits in
South LA so I see you're interested in
soccer right yeah Knicely we actually
had night sports that were delete
champions so you know we've been doing
good both in academics and athletics
martine gomez is principal at Santee
education complex high school principal
Gomez is in his fifth year at st. T
initially he had a hard time finding
kids who wanted to attend a school had a
bad reputation for being a dangerous
place with a low graduation rates why
advertise that's public school the
bottom line is it's about resources so
basically if you've got more students
you're able to get more fun from the
district right yes
so again they have their calculation
where they decide based on numbers that
you know how much resources will be
distributed to the schools some of that
were able to use it to recruit principal
Gomez spent around $23,000 this year for
marketing recruitment that's about 0.1%
of the budget basically using public
money to advertise you feel like that's
a good use of funds it's it's a bigger
level than just saying hey we're gonna
and this money to bring kids in we're
thinking about the community level and
and also with our teachers they're also
happy to be here because it is an
exciting place to be one of principal
Gomez's first hurdles is convincing kids
to consider a public school instead of
going to a charter school charters have
gotten a lot more popular in the LA
Unified School District ten years ago
there were only 58 independent charter
schools now there are 238 charters
serving over a hundred thirteen thousand
students then there's the fact that the
actual amount of students in South LA is
decreasing because of gentrification
school officials say higher rents are
forcing families out of the neighborhood
those two factors mean fewer potential
students for public schools like Santee
which is a big problem because if a
school loses students it loses money and
if it loses too many students it could
get shut down so in order to stay afloat
some schools are taking a cue from the
Charter and private schools pushing
their brand to prospective students as
they fight over a smaller group of kids
so what do you guys think you're
creating a perception of what people
have of South LA to not only Los Angeles
but to everyone that we have value Jorge
mu√±oz a South LA native who spent most
of his career marketing Hollywood films
now he spends a lot of his time meeting
with educators Santee high school was
Nina's first public school clients and
now his client list is up to 30 schools
an expert who is training kind of this
Hollywood aesthetic advertising stuff
and now you're doing ads for public high
school right is that odd at all see you
you know what it's not but I enjoy more
I feel like I'm doing it for a better
cause first is getting people to movies
the PR effort including a slick video
school to pop music seems to be working
Macari Gassaway is a freshman he says
the video made him want to come to
Santee jay-z looks so dope like inside
the school how they were all active and
like everybody in that video they were
all chill there all like cool basically
a commercial right yeah you saw a
commercial and that made you want to go
to a school like eighth grade sixth
grade seventh grade I felt like school
was like a prison this girl right here
is like home like my second home school
administrators say the videos are worth
the money but they also say that's only
part of what takes to keep students
enrolled at the school
and so every Saturday students and
teachers have been making house calls
volunteering their time to support the
school
