iraqi prime minister haider al-abadi has
ordered a probe into allegations of
human rights abuses by government troops
and militias during the battle to retake
Mosul which has been raging since
October 17th a body's directive came
just three days after the UN's mission
in Iraq called for an investigation into
a video shared on social media it
appeared to show Iraqi security forces
beating three Isis suspects and eastern
Mosul for executing them for calling the
militant groups own drew syntactic Iraqi
forces saying that between five and six
thousand militants were inside Mosul
when the current offensive began and
three thousand three hundred have been
killed after 101 days of fighting most
of eastern Mosel has been liberated from
Isis control now Iraqi troops will open
a Western offensive to capture the rest
of the city Ben Anderson reports from
Mosul eastern Mosul is now under the
control of the Iraqi security forces and
the Iraqi flag is flying in every
district east of the Tigris River
iraqi counter-terrorism services
throughout special forces announced late
last week that the eastern districts had
all been cleared we are speaking about
area more than 500 kilometers we elevate
that more than 3,000 fighters we called
them more than 60 neighbourhoods and
some neighbors rocks conventional army
have yet to clear the area they've been
assigned to remaining Isis fighters too
determined to fight until we end three
days ago the Iraqi counterterrorism
forces declared Easter Mosel liberators
- that was flatly from the shore they
are still for quiet neighborhood in the
north at least and most of that we
cleared real are thousands might have
worn to a clearing buddy come up with so
much money how many a thousand people I
adhere to some limit I thought I'd you
before
kind of hold the army are going from
house to house to ensure that there are
no Isis fighters remaining suicide
bombers have been waiting in places like
this or in elaborate tunnels waiting to
attack less a trained and equipped army
are struggling with their mission and
there are columns just second time ago
I was accidentally neighbors we're in
the clear now push it on the next
neighborhood control well that's what
you're doing here is not good Richard
however now stopping here the bear part
Isis it declared the liberated half of
the system the land of the apostate
meaning everyone within it is now a
legitimate target
last week Isis's propaganda magazine
Alaba
feature the how-to guide to sarin gas
intimating gas attacks within Mosul in
the near future everyone's just run
inside the mosque because there's a
drone high above it from there saying
that look now the biggest change of my
sis is remote-controlled homemade roan
have been flying over them dropping
grenades or c4 explosive and then flying
back and I think that's one above a snap
in the neighborhoods that have been
cleared
evidence of Isis rule is everywhere so
this is the rapid liquor store which has
been smashed up and set on fire and full
full creative lager
and then eloquently pierced every single
can and poured out every every drop so
that none of it alcohol can get drunk
and then just two doors down in the
barbershop and the science and burn the
whole place had been set on fire and
burn out supposedly because I just don't
like barbers because barbers shave bids
over a million people were held captive
by Isis in the Mosul over the last two
and a half years the eastern side of the
city is now liberated residents are
attempting to rebuild their lives and
one lighting like the last one have you
with lettuce or something out of the jar
you are on yes
the journey rosamund infernal to look
for jamming our mature Khalil Fatima
kind of angels of injustice
lots of people leaving what do you think
well I was enough up in this instance
finally 10-minute some ability to
accommodate but not be like so many so I
get on you can walk or drive a lot just
inside most of all around muscles at the
destruction like this whole villages and
districts entirely destroyed flavors
like to get rid of Isis if you also see
the airstrikes American airstrikes have
been a major major factor and you know
the part of this campaign has been
showing that the our key security forces
can stand on their own two feet again of
the getting so embarrassed two and half
years ago when this was overrun so
reason and while the Iraqi security
forces enjoy a brief rest the operation
to capture the rest of Mosul will soon
begin
Isis cannot hope to win but they can
make the Western offensive are very slow
and costly one
