did you ever imagine that you would have
the chance to perform at inauguration to
be honest no I was actually speechless I
was like I want to go do this I want to
do this whole heartily a lot of people
have wanted you guys to see this as a
more political situation that maybe it
feels privately well we just so you
don't you know approve of you know Trump
age ways but we're just going to have
the experience you mentioned that you're
a first generation college student right
yes can tell me a bit about that
experience what does that mean to you
and how it might connect to this
opportunity just stayed at setting the
standard and it's just a opportunity
that a lot of people don't get to have
what to ready
we have a small bedroom we have a lot of
you know messed up instruments but we
make but what we have
the band is like a huge family everybody
was like let's get this hard-working
let's get ready to just show them our
talent
I've done it because I care about my
school I care about my band and I care
about myself
one two three four five six seven eight
one two three four five and six seven
eight stop playing I'm performing for a
holiday to college because I love to
dance that's my passion I don't feel no
type of way because it's Donald Trump
no it's our president that's just like
when you have a job and you don't like
the boss you're gonna do continue to do
what you're doing order to receive that
check because it's your job so you would
never put yourself in a predicament
where it's hurting you some people on
the outside have said this is an
opportunity if you guys take a stand
against some of the sort of racially
inflammatory things that Trump has said
and to prove that Talladega doesn't
approve of that he said plenty of racial
things towards african-american and it's
not about that it's been plenty of
people that say stuff about colleges or
african-american you just have to keep
scribe in order for you to you're out
there you have to put your foot in the
door to still enter their type of
environment anyway
sounds like everything is falling into
place and I said it I wanted a bigger
banner so that so that so the whole
world can see you know Tyler the college
so if I come up with a new banner within
the next 24 hours yeah do you worry at
all that you're going to look like you
guys are the token black people selected
to perform for Donald Trump no I don't
look at that as always being the token
black people whatever that means
we are American citizens
african-american citizens of this nation
we deserve this right to be a part of
this ceremony and individuals continue
to try to drag race into this and they
can keep dragging it in but still my
decision is about providing these young
people an opportunity they will remember
this the rest of their lives you've
raised hundreds of thousands of dollars
in just the past couple days really how
might that money transform the band but
also the school community at large we
hope that after the parade that those
supporters will continue to support
Talladega college you know we want we
want to get to the table do you think
that's six hundred thousand plus dollars
that they've raised in the past couple
days might not just help the band
actually help Talladega I think the
money could help yes that you know again
the money is coming from we're
conservative Republicans it's not like
these are supporters of Talladega
college this is a college that was
formed by former slaves people who had
come out of slavery with nothing what is
it about Donald Trump that doesn't quite
fit with Talladega values the mocking of
people the the the divisive language
that he's used the commentaries about
women about immigrants just practically
every thing comes out of his mouth
you guys have dealt with a lot of
critics do you think that they're
missing something like Talladega are
missing something about students like
you they're missing the bigger picture
we need this we need we need to rebuild
we need better resources and plus
they're missing that students want to do
this we we have no doubt we really want
to do this
