that's very high and I want you all uh
sure sure and I believe everything you
say
and I believe their research they're not
doing the research thank you
yes and I was a professor for about
almost 40 years and I read everything
and you're fabulous
yes me too can we take a big big puff
course absolutely here's somebody grab
that Nicholas good thank you go ahead to
the Mayflower
yeah yes here's my unelected quote
nonsense
totally hauls I have no Russian clients
I've never been to Russia I've never
spoken anybody from Russia in the last
number of years the whole thing is a
canard that's fence I got a call from
the New York Times about an hour ago and
they said that they had a story tomorrow
that says that the Central Intelligence
Agency is expanding their investigation
into Paul manna for myself and some guy
named Carter Paige who I've never heard
of who was an adviser to trump on Middle
Eastern issues never heard of this
person and The Times reporter admitted
that the agency doesn't say they have
anything they're just saying they're
that they're expanding their
investigation and that they are they
have intercepted emails in this area now
they haven't intercepted any emails from
me or involving me because I have none
but I'm presuming that they'll spell my
name correctly
tomorrow morning and there it is we're
going to the deplorable which I'm openly
predicting it'll be chaotic and
disorganized but I think also fondo
hi how are you this is the hardcore
these are left these are the true
believing revolutionaries this will be
far more fun than tomorrow night which
will be there'll be few revolutionaries
there but mostly we'll be establishing
the Republicans pretending to be for
Donald five
can you explain a little bit what
happened with deplorable yeah I arrived
at the deplorable I told him in advance
the size of my traveling party and that
I would need to be admitted with my
family this area is supposed to be for
clear people they need to go there other
gone or they're out they had tickets for
me but they did not have a sufficient
number of tickets to my family so I
loved go go to Webster's and look up the
definition of clusterfuck I imagine your
phones blowing up here in the news it's
just more there are no such
email transmissions as far as I am
concerned as I have said previously I
have no Russian contacts no Russian
clients no Russian money no Russian
influences I don't know any Russians
Trump needs to investigate the Central
Intelligence II director arrest him and
prosecute him for his various crimes
probably needs to arrest and prosecute
the FBI director as well these are lies
there they're damnable lies have you
ever accepted Russian money for the
Trump campaign absolutely positively not
no no possible concordant at all well I
didn't accept nor did I raise any money
for the Trump campaign so no not
possibly have you talked to Donald Trump
about the allegations about Russian
involvement my personal conversations
with the president-elect are privileged
and I don't discuss them I think he's in
general agreement with my view however
that there is no evidence of Russian
influence tipping this election to
Donald from
you
