British Prime Minister Theresa May has
laid out her vision for brexit she said
that the UK would definitely leave the
EU single market and customs union
leaving it free to negotiate deals on
its own
currently 44% of the UK's exports go to
the European Union so leaving the EU
will make life more complicated for
countless British businesses hind'
hasn't visited one of the most iconic
the Brompton bicycle Factory in London
It's Made in London and designed for
getting around busy cities the Bronson
bike is popular all over the world for
its compact design their Factory makes
the largest number of bikes in the UK of
the 45,000 Brompton bicycles
manufactured here each year 80% are sold
abroad with around 1/3 going to Europe
leaving the single markets will mean
higher trade tariffs on those European
sales UK UK UK you which is why CEO will
Butler Adams has been so vocal about
wanting to remain in the European Union
but as Briggs they're edges closer his
company is looking at the possibility of
other investment opportunities Theresa
May says that the United Kingdom will
leave the EU and the single market what
impact is that gonna have on quantum
bikes we're dealing with loads of
countries where we don't have free trade
agreements we're getting on with it so
yes I would prefer to have a nice simple
trading agreement but am I gonna sort of
give up the will to live and shrivel up
and die if we end up having some import
duty and tariffs no it's not an Achilles
but it would be a bit of a bore but
Willie's concerned about his employees
30% of Brompton staff come from the EU
currently the single market allows them
to work here without restriction that
could change will told us that he seems
to focus on migration by the
government's is misguided
my worry is that the government will get
fixated on immigration what worries me
is
switched on intelligent highly skilled
people that help me trade if you
restrict that that will hurt UK business
that's the bit on Murdoch is there a
danger that the government's immigration
politics will impact on your business
yes there is a danger it's just like
there's the danger that brexit will
impact our business and there's a danger
that what happens in China will impact
our business and the danger that Donald
Trump will affect our business of all
the EU countries the UK is America's
largest trading partner at the moment
Bronson only sells around 2,500 bikes
per but since the drop in the pound
following the vote to leave the EU the
company is getting a higher return for
the sale of its goods it's just one of
the reasons why will is remaining upbeat
I'm not gonna worry about it I'm gonna
worry about the things I can control so
it's overrated let's focus on the things
that I'm in control of the things that
my customers company has a direct impact
on the market it's going to increase
tariffs for businesses it's gonna be
difficult to trade with people people
who trade mainly in EU you'll see that
there's not a financial roots impact
it's teeny weeny little effect of brexit
I'm selling to lots of countries where I
put the US I have an import duty and I
just open an office there and I'm
pumping loads of money and to try and
grow but I've got import duty am i
giving up on the US because it has 9%
import duty no it's one of my most
important strategic opportunities so
will Europe with an import duty or
without we will get on with it expanding
exports to the US and other non EU
countries could become increasingly
important not only for will but other
British manufacturers
you
