Norway has become the first country in
the world to shut down its FM radio
network the country will soon complete
the switch to a vastly cheaper and more
reliable digital radio known as dad
the change is inevitable and Norway's
made history by being a first country to
adopt it but as usual not everyone is
excited about stepping boldly into the
future Herr direktor Purdue Python on
stock NFC America lvl ratchet an echo of
an opossum in a line photo for chat or
hurt poor what is canola will be order
BRW's natural elet ever across Norway
many of the country's three million
radio listeners will be forced to switch
off or make a change that's because by
the end of the year all of the FM radio
masks will be shut down starting with
this one in the Norland province cuz I
then I decide to start with the TV and
though before I
radio officials argue that Norway's
mountains and valleys interfere more
with the FM analog signal and digital
that means more transmitters are needed
making it around eight times more
expensive to maintain 1111 today the
asan signals and radio signals will be
shut down this transmitter here is the
first transmitter in the wall it would
go shut down permanently closing down FM
will save around 23 million dollars a
year if it sells off some of the
frequencies the Norwegian government
could also bring in millions now auto
shop workers in Hamilton is a lifelong
FM listener like the vast majority of
his countrymen he's unhappy with the
change it's the wrong thing to do of
course I'm using FM I've been using it
for 20 years and now we have to switch
to the dub system it's not that quality
and when we are moving around inside the
building the channels are keep keeping
falling out them it's not that good at
all quality isn't the only complaint
Norwegians are also annoyed at how much
money they'll be forced to spend to go
digital less than a third of cars have
DAB radio and changing the entire stereo
system can cost thousands of dollars the
price of achieve our external digital
adapter is also around $200 Norland is
the first province to close down the FM
signal by the end of April almost half
of all the provinces in Norway will have
turned off the analogue network finally
on December 13th the last SM mass will
be shut down leaving the entire country
except for a small number of community
radio stations without FM channels then
mark Switzerland and the United Kingdom
will be watching what happens closely
having also voiced the desire to follow
suit
so Erickson is the head of broadcasting
at Norway's NRK which runs three of the
five national FM radio stations in the
country
the insist that listeners will receive
an improved service with a more diverse
range of stations I think we we are
ready and you know switch shows like
this we cannot wait to everyone is ready
the sixty-six percent of people are
against it only seventeen percent are in
favor and the people that we've spoken
to say that it's going to cost them
money to convert their cars from FM to
digital and they don't necessarily get
digital reception everywhere but the
quality is better in the didm Network
and people are speaking like that the FM
the old FM network is a paradise on
earth and it's really not it's the areas
in or about all over Norway it's really
the network is really bad I do not like
so most in the industry optimistic about
the switch so they're aware they won't
be easy on their typical metallic ANOVA
or bits on Arnold academic no more of
the screen about I are the vegetating
solenoid radio DJ pending in Ireland
co-host a show on NRK youth channel up
to now it said on both FM and dab
networks they're expecting to see a drop
in the number of those tuning into their
show but it's unclear how big or small
that fallout will be do you have any
mechanisms for monitoring how many
listeners you're going to lose I'm not
watching it I'm just going to do my show
as I would do any other day with their
family without my thumb and I hope not
somebody tells me that a lot of
people left because that would be
horrible FM radio may be costly and
redundant but it is nostalgic
and plenty of people are sad to see an
outdated technology goes
Lola the hell is the dumpling
