the last two times that Congress tried
to pass comprehensive immigration reform
Senator Jeff Sessions made it his
personal mission to shut it down by
nation is a sovereign nation it has a
right to decide how many people come and
what kind of skill sets they bring and
he succeeded congressman luis Gutierrez
helped lead both recent failed attempts
at reform congressman could you tell me
what has been senator sessions his role
in Congress over the last few years with
respect to immigration reform he is a
member that that that associates himself
with the most extreme elements of the
Republican Party it's not that he's a
conservative he's an extremist when it
comes to immigration he wants to end
immigration totally so I believe there
is a lot of fear in Jeff Sessions as
Attorney General
sessions now has a chance to enact his
agenda through the little understood
system of immigration courts which
decide who gets to stay and who has to
go these courts are not part of the
judicial branch whose nominees need
congressional approval they're entirely
within the Department of Justice which
is part of the executive branch the
Attorney General has near total control
over how they function and can
effectively order judges to take certain
positions on the law the immigration
court is maybe the most important court
system in the country Paul Schmidt is a
retired immigration judge and former
chairman of the Board of Immigration
Appeals he knows firsthand how the
immigration court system can be
politicized in 2003 Schmidt and several
others were forced off the board by then
Attorney General John Ashcroft in what
many saw as a purge of employees were
friendly to immigrants what do you think
we can learn from your experience with
then attorney general Ashcroft in the
early 2000s well I think there's limited
independence in the immigration court
system it's totally under the control of
a political appointee I've never met a
political official without an agenda so
an attorney general can have a very
direct impact on how many people get
deported and how easily they get to port
certainly absolutely true how how the
immigration courts run it's a lot up to
the attorney gently turn II general is
the major figure back in 2015 during
Loretta Lynch's confirmation hearings
for Attorney General Senator sessions
grilled her on immigration and warned
her against using the Office of Attorney
General to achieve a political end well
you know you people have agendas and
attorneys general some time to do and
they have to guard against that and be
objective thank you and please be seated
during his hearing today sessions
insisted that he would preserve his
independence as Attorney General is it
fair to say then that regardless of what
your position may have been as a
legislator your approach as Attorney
General will be to enforce the law
regardless of policy differences
absolutely mr. chairman that son I don't
think I have any hesitation or any lack
of an ability to separate the roles that
I have had but immigration advocates
weren't convinced a lot of people say
well you know the Attorney General
that's kind of a independent job who are
we kidding
independent job that's one of the jobs
is most closely linked to the President
of the United States so I don't buy it
that it's independent watch what he has
said and know that he will do what he
has said
