on New Year's Day California woke up to
find one of its most iconic landmarks
defiled by pro-pot pranksters it was
funny if not all that original the
Hollywood sign was first changed to
Halle weed to celebrate relaxed
marijuana laws back in 1976 but the LAPD
wasn't laughing they're planning
trespassing charges for the perpetrator
who turned himself in today
Dexter Thomas was with him during his
brief moment in the Sun Zach Fernandez
who also goes by Jesus hands usually
doesn't get stopped for photos thank you
but since his latest heart installment
he's found herself a following we're
here looking at what was once your
handiwork what's it like to be up here
now it's nice to be here and just I
wonder what these people are thinking
but it feels like it's been a positive
thing and Fernandez says the whole
process took a little under three hours
did you all come here because of the
Hollywood sign he scoped out the site a
few days before and in the early hours
of New Year's Day Hina's ex-wife set the
plan into action
he used a rope to climb up to the
letters and cover him with tarp it was
physically demanding and he hurt his
hand in the process but he says the
hardest part was finding people to help
him
I let just a very very few people know
and I asked a few people and everybody
looked at me like you're nuts dude no
way I'm not doing that you know you ask
people to go with you yeah I knew I
needed help in it and nobody would give
it to me I hate him and they're like huh
New Year's Eve huh you know according to
Fernandez changing the sign was his way
of dealing with the election results and
some personal things he went through in
2016 I think 2016 was rough here I mean
I think a lot of people feel that you
know it was pretty rough in a
way I died spiritually last year
what is holly weed had to say for 2017
have fun smile laugh you know you can
reframe any situation to
positive you can do it anybody can do it
Fernandez has had a wave of popular
support including some celebrity
shoutouts Tommy Chong of the duo Cheech
and Chong saw a picture the Hollywood
sign online and he was so impressed he
called Fernandez on the phone to thank
him Chong invited him to be featured in
a promotional video in a marijuana
dispensary in West Hollywood I got a
question I want to ask both of y'all
because there's people who see the
Hollywood sign they don't like it and
they say this isn't part this is
vandalism it's not art it's not
vandalism it's art it was done as as a
message because that's what we're
guaranteed in America's free speech and
so as opposed to vandalism gentlemen
should be committed and given a medal in
a lifetime pension Fernandez is a
musician videographer and
self-proclaimed pot artist who usually
works on smaller scale pieces in a
studio in downtown LA this pile rocks
our air something I'm working on it's
gonna be coming up you just like stepped
on it dude yeah it's it's it's moldable
I guess okay he might be getting a lot
of publicity for the Halloween piece but
he says the main message of his art
isn't changing pot art is what you do
just pop art I mean if you think about
it pop art
pop art let me do that we design
