a new law going into effect in the UK
gives the British government sweeping
new surveillance capabilities the
Investigatory Powers Act grants
intelligence agencies and local
authorities the right to access the
internet history of any British citizen
they target and it may be the most
extreme surveillance act in the Western
world eros Russo knows reports beginning
later this year the British government
will be able to require internet service
providers to record the websites and
messaging applications their customers
visit and keep that information for one
year the data will then be available for
use by 48 different national and local
authorities without the need for a
warrant the save data won't tell them
exactly which pages users visited but it
will show the sites they accessed David
Oman's is a former head of GCHQ the
British government's electronic
eavesdropping division the Investigatory
Powers Act gives the British government
the most wide-ranging and extensive
surveillance capabilities of any
democratic state why is that necessary
we have given our secret agencies and
police powers to acquire certain
information to keep us safe
for very good reason because there are
people out there who mean us serious
harm the secret agencies were already
doing these things but they weren't
fully transparent about them and the
legal basis on which they were doing
them was there but very few people
understood it now it's more transparent
but the bill doesn't just make these
activities transparent it grants the
government vast new powers and the scope
of the online dragnet is far from clear
even so the law sailed through the
British Parliament as a I and though is
later ruled illegal by the highest court
in the European Union the British
government is expected to ignore that
decision citing a need for greater
powers to stop terror attacks this is
one of the GCHQ basis which ease drops
and satellite and Internet
communications we met Ritchie Tainan
there he campaigns against the growing
powers of government agencies to
intercept a monitor private data what's
your main concerns with the
investigatory powers oh I guess first
and foremost is the lack of suspicion
that is required for individuals to be
put under surveillance such as
interception of their communications
from everything that we've seen it seems
like it's virtually impossible to do
anything on the internet without some of
your information ending up in a site
like this we spoke to the UK's Internet
service providers Association which said
although its members objected to many
parts of the law
they'd comply with the wishes of the
government and enforcement agencies the
mass data collector doesn't only stay
within the UK once acquired it can also
be shared with spy agencies overseas
your emails your photos your messages
virtually anything that has travelled
either from Europe or the UK and is
going over to the United States
GCHQ will be able to gain access to it
