a large-scale smuggling bus to the feds
seeds 300,000 pairs of fake sneakers
that were headed into the tri-state this
month a group of Chinese smugglers were
arrested trying to bring 300,000
counterfeit Nike sneakers worth about 73
million dollars into New Jersey the
sneakers would then be taken to
locations in Brooklyn and Queens they
would sell for about one hundred and
ninety dollars a pair the forty two
containers of sneakers came from China
it hasn't been determined what city they
came from but in China everyone knows
that Putin is the city of fakes
what's up reddit so it's Chung and today
we are at seaport Factory one
counterfeit seller was willing to give
us a rare look at his operation I want
an only pair of c4 frozen yellow with
consoles freshly made at the factory
today come on in what are we looking at
here well this is pretty much our base
of operation it's you can call it an
office you know it's basically just an
apartment unit you need a large space to
put your shoes and organize them and
sort them out before you ship them away
so what do we got here I see we got we
got some Balenciaga is here yeah these
are a balanced yoga replica so lately
Jim wasn't always in the fake sneaker
business he used to be a med school
student in the UK while looking for a
pair of rare shoes
he found fake pairs online and realized
they were all coming from the same place
eventually he decided to get in on the
business himself because this is all
part of a black market he wanted to wear
a mask during the interview they called
the east of dot shoes so you know dead
shoes yeah that's yours you know it
looks like something you follow we're
definitely years ago what are these run
USD if they're real
I believe they cost somewhere around 800
and what do you sell these for we sell
them normally at about 120 US dollars
she was like Balenciaga 's Yeezys and
Jordans aren't just expensive they're
also usually extremely limited if you're
desperate you could buy
reseller but that's even more expensive
so for some people who just gotta have
the latest pair the best option is to
buy fakes reddit is a good source of
information for us to keep ourselves
updated on what the customers wants so
in 2016 while Chan was still in med
school he started his own business
selling fakes or what he calls high
quality replicas pretty soon he was
moving up to 120 pairs of shoes a day
which on average brought in over a
hundred thousand dollars a month
he hired a few employees to do the dirty
work but eventually he moved to Putin
himself to be closer to the action how
common is this kind of work in Putin
this is a very major industry it forms
pretty much the backbone of the local
city economy
as soon as the Sun sets the bikes come
out each pair is picked up by a courier
at the factory and then taken to a
middleman packs it up and gets it ready
for shipping
right there in the middle of the street
at any given moment there are thousands
of fake shoes flooding intersections and
back alleys this isn't a coincidence
Nike and Adidas have both had official
factories in poutines since the 1980s
which means that it's pretty easy to
find the same materials and the same
employees that you find in a legit
Factory some stores operate in plain
sight logos and all and police look the
other way usually now these just came
out very recently
really yeah they dropped about a few
weeks ago what we have here is a replica
of the off-white converse how do you
have a replica of these made if these
just came out if you want to truly make
a something that is very close to the
original you need a pair of the original
shoes in order to cut it up and fully
deconstruct so people managed to procure
a sample of the original shoe before
they even soul so these are commonly
called backdoors and you've already got
replicas ready to go we have at least
three versions of this converse being
made so this is one of the better ones I
feel the converse is Chan is holding are
part of a limited edition off-white
collaboration made by superstar fashion
designer Virgil ablow they're one of the
most sought-after sneakers today and on
the resale market they go for up to
$1,500 a pair from the customer
standpoint I'm sure they're very happy
to get a much cheaper version of the
shoes that they like from your
standpoint you're making money
they're waiting you're winning is
anybody losing here obviously the first
thing that comes to mind will be the
brand owners sure but I feel it actually
helps to increase the brand awareness of
a brand owner so it's actually a
win-win-win situation for everyone
involved really let's say you're sitting
across from Virgil ablow yeah you think
you'd say the same thing
Virgil habl√≥ did actually mention
something about roughly kilowatts before
I love counterfeits it's the best
feedback it's better than like a great
review and vote like if it's working to
the point where someone else can profit
that means it's really working but that
was Virgil a blow last year and since
then he seems to have changed his mind
this year his company launched a
multi-million dollar lawsuit against
companies who were selling counterfeit
merchandise these are replicas of a
human racist so so what's the matter
with these a customer probably
complained that you know hey for $60 I
expect that the edges of the embroider
you must be clean and sharp and I'm not
happy of this I don't want this but the
biggest threat to Chan's business isn't
lawsuits anger designers or even the
threat of government raids it's his own
customers they expect perfection in
their fake shoes and if they don't get
it they're just as vocal about their
disappointment as they would be for a
normal business a single negative review
can cost Chan tens of thousands of
dollars in lost sales and tank is
business for months
this room is mostly stock piles that
resulted in customers complaining that
hey I don't like the I don't like
certain features of these rows not as
good as expected so this wall is just
full reject yeah to put it plainly this
is just a reject room Wow
does it ever frustrate you when you get
you know some negative message from some
kid in high school who's freaking out
because the stitching is ever so
slightly crooked on their shoes yeah it
does when you're wearing a pair of shoes
no one in your right mind goes up close
to your feet and say hey you know that
looks 0.5 inches off mm-hmm I think it's
fake
a normal person doesn't do that all of
these things don't actually matter in
real life are you a sneakerhead yourself
and personally I wouldn't call myself a
sneaker head really yeah you know what's
where is something that is supposed to
be functional as much as I think that
their shoes look ridiculous at times you
know it is my core business so I'm in no
place to judge anyone
you
you
