fatal overdoses from heroin painkillers
and other opioids have quadrupled in the
US since 1999 killing more than 33,000
people in 2015 in the battle against
that drug epidemic the Affordable Care
Act has emerged as a first line of
defense offering treatment services that
can save addicts lives but the new
administration and the new Congress have
promised to repeal Obamacare and that
could have devastating effects in places
like Louisville Kentucky where overdose
deaths recently surged by 31 percent in
a single year
Dexter Thomas reports
after almost five months behind bars
Rhonda Hardin is being released from
Louisville's Maine jail Rhonda was
arrested back in July for shoplifting to
support her heroin addiction today she's
leaving pretty much the same way she
arrived in the back of a patrol car I've
been doing drugs since I'm living it's a
struggle every day still is to this day
I struggle with being clean
Rhonda is eligible to receive free drug
treatment because the jail enrolled her
in Medicaid which Kentucky expanded
through the Affordable Care Act a guard
is taking her to get a shot of vivitrol
a drug that blocks our body's cravings
for heroin and other opioids medication
it's a shot that's given every 30 days
that blocks the receptors similar to a
manhole cover over a hole so that the
opiates even if they try to get in they
could not attach to that site so even if
you used opiates you're not going to be
able to feel the effects of it and
questions you know so you're at the jail
and somebody takes you aside and says
okay if you're serious about getting
better we can sign you up for health
insurance and that'll help you yes what
was going through your mind when they
were telling you that somebody cares and
thank God that there's something out
there
then it helped me pay for this but if I
was released from jail
straight from jail on my own I probably
would get go get high because it's
easier to get twenty forty dollars and
it is a thousand Kentucky was one of 31
states to opt into the Affordable Care
Act's expansion of Medicaid about
450,000 of the state's poorest residents
enrolled and treatment services for
substance abuse for those beneficiaries
has increased by seven hundred forty
percent
the Louisville jail staff has used the
program to combat one of the state's
biggest public health crises yeah how
many of y'all are dealing with opiate
addiction it's pretty much everybody the
only way that I saw fusion is if
somebody stops me like my judge she put
me in there and I was really mad first
but now thank her for that because I was
going to die
beyond enrolling inmates like Rhonda and
drug treatment through Medicaid when
they're released the jail also has a
program that offers counseling while
they're still incarcerated everyone that
comes in everybody that comes in we
process 32,000 people last year we're
asking do you have health insurance do
you want health insurance before you had
this program what happened well we were
doing what was traditionally done in a
detention facility is that you open the
door and you say goodbye we're making
strong efforts to get them enrolled in
health care insurance because we know
health care is the driver of a lot of
bad behavior if you don't feel good and
you cannot keep a little going to work
and I capable of taking care of yourself
and you still have to survive then
you're gonna get involved in behavior
that's not healthy you're gonna steal
from people you're gonna use drugs to
mask your symptoms you're gonna end up
being arrested so that's where Medicaid
is come in well the Affordable Care Act
has support in Louisville Republicans
like Kentucky governor Matt Bevin and
representative Tom Price Donald Trump's
pay for health secretary say it's too
costly price favors a different approach
to addressing the opioid crisis he
introduced a bill in 2015 that proposed
repealing Obamacare and replacing it
with the plan that would give state 750
million dollars worth of grants to spend
on combating substance abuse
critics like Democratic Congressman John
Yarmuth say prices plan would mean that
insurers are no longer required to cover
drug treatment potentially ending
programs like the one at the Louisville
jail the Medicaid expansion here has
been used a lot as sort of success story
why are we now in the position of
talking about possibly going away you
have to connect the dots to what a
repeal of the Affordable Care Act would
mean because it means an end to the
guarantee of of coverage for substance
abuse and addiction and if you if you
repeal the Affordable Care Act that
guarantee goes away and we're talking
literally thousands and thousands of
people who are to being treated for
their addiction who will lose coverage
and they'll be either have to come up
with the money themselves which in most
cases is impossible or they're going to
spiral into more serious problems so
you're gonna have a human cost human
cost mean human cost meaning death both
price and Deven declined our interview
requests
Kentucky was projected to save 21
million dollars on mental and behavioral
health in 2015 thanks to the Medicaid
expansion in Rhonda's case each shot a
vivitrol shall receive costs over $1,000
she says she could never afford it
without Medicaid me going to jail I
actually saved my life
heroin is it's a epidemic right now and
it's killing people this
is actually a life-changing shot you
know if somebody wants to really get
cleaned and you really wanted to take
this shot yes why is that because I'm
ready to change my life I'm ready to get
clean 40 years old I'm I was so tired of
using drugs I think I can deal with one
shot of month prepared to sticking the
needle in my arm every day
