reddit is the seventh largest website in
the u.s. it's a gathering place for 240
million monthly users who create
discussion groups based on their own
interests Steve Huffman co-founded the
site in 2005 when he was 23 he left a
few years later and in his absence read
it became the wild unchecked aid of the
internet now Huffman has returned a CEO
and he has a plan to tame his own
untamable creation Nellie Bowles went to
check in on his progress reddit is many
things a social network a place for
pornography a place for people with
unique interests above all it's a place
where anything goes its founder Steve
Huffman has long argued that reddit's
commitment to freedom of speech is a
public good but it's also led to the
creation of some of the Internet's
nastiest discussion boards you provide
the server space and the aesthetic
infrastructure for white supremacists
for faithful groups when when people
make claims like hey we live in a
post-racial society I think that's like
 and if we pretend everything is
clean and crisp and perfect and how are
we ever going to improve and so if
reddit has to be one of the platforms
for those people exists and express
themselves you know so be it truly is
not necessarily a bad thing I think it's
going as being deliberately obstinate
right you're just annoying somebody so
my friends call me a troll which would
be fair because I think I'm annoying
which is different from being hurtful if
that sounds a little naive let's pause
for a second because a week after this
interview Huffman got trolled for the
first time he had shut down a conspiracy
theory subreddit and members of
president-elect Donald Trump's fan page
are slashed the Donald reacted by
trolling Huffman Huffman used his admin
privileges to remove his name for
mocking comments the redditors responded
with vitriol it was enough for Huffman
to change his mind on harassment and
censorship how did it feel to be
harassed on reddit it's not pleasant you
know I've been on reddit since its
beginning and I've been on the internet
since I was a little kid so I had
actually have a fairly thick skin and I
can and I know how this goes
but it's a little hypocritical to let
them harass a reddit employee even
myself I think the most painful part was
feeling like I let people down I said
this on my first day I read it I want
you to be proud to work here
and so and I told him when I apologize
to the company you know I really hope I
didn't diminish that because we are
going to make the world proud that
reddit is in its and we're all gonna be
a part of that together reddit has
dedicated three teams to deal with
harassment building the tools they use
is Chris slow read its first employee
and a harvard-trained theoretical
physicist the point of reddit is it's a
place where everyone can kind of be
themselves unfortunately for some people
that self is an asshole you know we want
to grow we want to be like the billion
user company we want to have like a
place where that like everyone has a
place on reddit one of those important
things to do up front is to make sure
that we get ahead of abuse so that you
know this is not enough of us to keep
track of the abuse it's happening
but how does reddit become a billion
user company when its biggest selling
point for core users free expression
makes it completely unpalatable to some
advertisers what brand wants to be on
reddit pages like our slash cute female
corpses Huffman isn't the first to try
to sanitize reddit Ellen pal Huffman's
predecessor tried many of the same
tactics they're implementing now
shutting down controversial subreddits
and banning certain users
she was called chairman Pao on the site
and worried about her security she said
of her time at reddit the good has been
off the wall inspiring and the ugly made
me doubt humanity but Huffman believes
this time will be different
since being attacked by the group he
says reddit is going to actively police
problematic users rather than wait for
complaints some would say that it's
frustrating that you only now are taking
it so seriously after you personally get
so perhaps we're taking a different
strategy now we are focusing more on
like taking care of the individual users
instead of doing it at the community
level which was largely restaurant
we've reduced reported harassment by 30%
over the last couple of quarters which
were proud of but we still have a long
way to go
