since 2011 the national service animal
registry reports that the number of
people signing up for the right to fly
with therapy animals has quadrupled
Nelly Bowles went to the airport to find
out if people are increasingly neurotic
or just pretending to be if you start
asking around therapy pets are
everywhere most of them are easily
mistaken for regular fats why because
it's really easy to answer a 5-minute
questionnaire speak to a therapist on
the phone and pay a company as little as
a hundred and fifty dollars for a letter
confirming an emotional disorder and
then your pet qualifies for lifetime
registration and travels free a rep from
one of the companies said they hope
passengers don't take advantage of the
system without that doctor's note you're
supposed to pay around one hundred and
twenty five dollars per pet per flight
depending on the carrier I mean he's a
certified therapy animal so I'm
supportive I'm very supportive how hard
was it to get him certified I probably
shouldn't say this on camera but it was
really easy when he flies with me which
is great and so people stop and want if
they had him in the airport have you
heard of sort of some of the stranger
animals who get certified as therapy
pets a duck
there was a duck this is Lulu a two year
old spotted Julianna Pig and local
Instagram star who belongs to tatyana
orlova she is sf o--'s very first
accredited therapy Pig studies show
therapy animals do reduce stress they
can lower blood pressure and even
alleviate some symptoms of PTSD so much
so apparently that San Francisco Airport
actually brings in the animals who
aren't flying just to soothe some of the
six point five million holiday travelers
will pass through I have been stressed
out from school did the pig help with
stress yeah it really raised for us
how does it feel to see a pig in an
airport it's like it was surprising but
I like it it's kind of cool
pigs were my favourite animal when I was
younger so it was cool to see one up
close but how did the pets like the
airport's Lulu had a tough moment when
San Francisco International got the
better of her
anything about Lulu Lulu went off just a
minute ago so what happened to Lulu
noodles good I thought a little bit was
all right what do you think happened I
have no idea probably somebody pet him
too hard I have no idea probably
stressed out from all the traveling it's
just a cheese
