in March five players on the u.s.
women's national soccer team filed a
complaint against the US Soccer
Federation for wage discrimination they
allege that they're paid far less than
the u.s. men's soccer players despite
being the most successful American
soccer team in history the complaint was
the first case in professional sports
taken up by the Equal Employment
Opportunity Commission which is expected
to make its decision by the end of the
year correspondent Allison McCann talked
to the key figures in the case
fundamentally it is the clearest case of
gender pay discrimination that I think
most people have ever seen yeah you have
a group of female athletes who
outperform the men they do the same job
as the men they work for the same
employer as demand and they make
dramatically less in 2015 the same year
the women's team won the World Cup they
earned more revenue for the US Soccer
Federation than the men's team for the
first time and they are projected to do
so again this year now they know the
women generate more revenue than the men
now they know they're more profitable
than the men so what are they offering
now are they offering equal pay in the
new agreement no but the question of
equal pay gets complicated because the
two teams have vastly different pay
structures the women are guaranteed a
minimum of 72 thousand dollars per year
the men have no guaranteed salary but
are paid more per game both teams play
around 20 games per year that gets the
women to their minimum salary but gets
the men to a hundred thousand the
players on both teams also receive
bonuses for winning but the men's
bonuses are much more lucrative no
matter what we would make one thousand
three hundred fifty dollars for win if
we tied or we lost we got nothing
there's no bonus but for the men they
have ranking systems so if they played a
team top ranked one through ten they can
make up to $17,000 so if the women's
team wins all their games its players
make ninety nine thousand each
if the men's team has a perfect season
its players make almost three times as
much
yeah we're asking for a different
structure but we're still fighting for
what the men's value is and ice
don't think there is a way that we can
come up with an agreement that is the
men's value but still in our structure
and you talk about a glass ceiling and
they're putting one on us like invest in
us pull the resources into our team as
the same as the men and see what we can
do the US Soccer Federation did not
agree to speak with us but said in a
statement that they are working on a new
agreement and that a variety of factors
need to be considered when determining
compensation while the women wait on the
EEOC ruling they are negotiating the
terms of their new contract their
current collective bargaining agreement
expires on December 31st but as of today
they have been unable to reach an
agreement
maybe we strike who knows you a soccer
could decide to lock us out you know
there's a lot of things that that could
happen and we're just trying to prepare
for everything and make sure that no
matter what we decide and it'll be a
team decision you know that we're
prepared to to go through with it
