last year more than a hundred and sixty
thousand migrants fleeing war in the
Middle East
ended up in Sweden a country of only
nine point five million people that's
the highest number of refugees per
capita in Europe but an increasing
number of Swedes have grown impatient
with their country's generosity now many
of those migrants are being asked to
leave the government says that up to
80,000 will be deported
a large number of whom come from
Afghanistan in October
Sweden joined Germany in reaching an
agreement with Afghanistan to repatriate
tens of thousands of rejected asylum
seekers Michael Moynihan went to
northern Sweden to meet with some of the
migrants awaiting their fate with its
hotel concert venue in water park
the pity hobs bog bills itself as one of
Northern Europe's biggest tourism
centres but this offseason as
temperatures slide down to minus 30
degrees Celsius it doubles as Sweden's
second-biggest Asylum center housing
over a thousand refugees there isn't
much to do in pity Oh which sits about a
hundred miles south of the Arctic Circle
and at this time of year affords
residents only four hours of sunlight
and most of those here aren't allowed to
work instead they study lift weights and
await a decision from Sweden's migration
board like many other Afghans here Rossi
you Sophie notes that Syrians receive
preferential treatment in the asylum
process Emma I'm spongy no apostle you
applied for asylum in Sweden Sweden you
were rejected recently no no no our main
figures don't espanha mr. Terry resume
is somebody home Arafat was embarrassing
Giggy Pasha but I'm betting a facility
of Monya cousinly another holiday Marcus
ending adora Cheers
indeed the Swedish government
automatically approves asylum claims
from Syrian refugees assuming that
anyone fleeing that country is an
immediate danger when I tried to put a
microphone on seven-year-old Syrian
refugee Ryan shirani it was a grim
reminder of the life he recently escaped
the really Kedah oh don't say and go
ahead we got a dog okay take a cannot
ban yeah oh I love it he shows death of
notable dog Ryan's family fled Syria
last year and within the asylum camp
they feel resentment from Afghan
refugees whose fates are less certain
dama Vicente Ando can fool a penicillin
he's very under named um tin bucket in
dearest landed para familias a serious
cough Amelia don't ah for what that Stan
is very know yes various area digging us
near a song of tar let midday triggering
Afghanistan flume Alaska Gil Bok min
don't miss Antigua tilba cotton dearest
landed Amira mechanic in Ramallah from
me I really do like to go back to Syria
cuz I miss everything I miss everything
everything my house my friends might and
I don't care if I will die right there
but I just I I want to come back
well Salam shirani is allowed to stay in
Sweden and would risk death to return to
Syria Raza Youssef awaits his
deportation and would rather die than
return to Afghanistan
what happens now what do you do Holly
Podsednik beside me she would bigger
than a my best figment could be one
other dimension as I'm one inch cord
kind of hood momentum that an order came
on them was she gonna be that as it was
again one barrier to me about your own
nor would win
