Lee Baca ran the LA County Sheriff's
Department for 16 years until 2014 when
he stepped down amid allegations of
corruption now he's on trial for
obstruction of justice conspiracy and
lying to the FBI and faces up to 20
years in prison
we spoke to the whistleblower who helped
bring Baca down and brought himself down
in the process there's no reason the
rat-pack a guy and break I orbitals and
femurs and and dislocated shoulders
there's no reason for that
James sexton's first major assignment as
an LA County sheriff's deputy was in an
Intelligence Unit at the county jail osj
stands for operation safe jails
it's a custody investigative unit and
the primary function of osj is to
develop informants from within the jails
he says when he started the job in 2008
the other sheriff deputies were
routinely assaulting inmates often with
the goal of sending them to the hospital
if if a guy was kicking my ass in there
then I had to do it I had to do and if
he had if he ended up going to the
hospital too that's fine but uses a
force that went above and beyond what
needed to happen I didn't believe in
that the ACLU would soon release
multiple reports about how LA County
Sheriff deputies under Sheriff Lee Baca
were regularly torturing inmates Sexton
says he never participated and instead
focused on developing informants I'm
very very proud of the fact that I was
able to convince somebody that was in a
gang that it was okay to talk to me I
had a pretty simple pitch I would ask
the guy who's your favorite athlete I'd
say okay does that guy make more money
as a running back scoring touchdowns or
does he make more money selling Guitar
Hero's and Gillette razors and they'd be
like you know what it's the second part
I was like you know how that happens and
he's like no how's that happening that's
like an agent I'm your agent I get you
the best deal with the best team for the
best dollar for four years sexton's
informants helped him solve hundreds of
crimes including murders one of his best
informants went by the name Rick
wicked what do you went by wicked told
Sexton a story that he'd later repeat in
front of a federal grand jury he told us
about a deputy at min Central Jail that
passed dope and a cell phone to a white
shot caller in Central Jail that was
fighting a double homicide
hi deputy sheriff by the name of deputy
Joe Britton I didn't know written so I
was neutral based on what wicked had
done for us in the past I wrote it up
at the time my supervisor was lieutenant
Greg Thompson he went directly to
Britain with the memo and handed him the
memo and the report unredacted after he
filed the report everything changed for
sex day I was definitely getting the
snitch jokes rats left in my locker
cheese the whole thing as I walked into
what's known as the two-story men's
central Jerell or my car was parked
there was an individual waiting for me
in my car and got a fight at the end up
you play eventually someone from the FBI
reached out I was contacted by an FBI
agent he's like you know we've heard
some scary things that are going on with
you in the Sheriff's Department we have
some concerns for for your safety the
FBI wanted sexton to be their informant
to help them with their investigation
against Bacchus Department and you know
I I kept it lighted all right I'd had
enough eyes I had nowhere else to go
I jumped in the pool headfirst Sexton
says he told the FBI about Britain about
the widespread abuse of inmates but the
agency honed in on one story revolving
around an inmate named Anthony Brown
Anthony Brown was a high powered inmate
he was being moved for a particular
reason
every time inmates are moved out of
their cells their personal inventory is
searched and they found a cell phone and
once that cell phone was recovered a
member of my team discovered that it was
an FBI cell phone now that can mean a
ton of things could have been stolen
could have been smuggled in we
we didn't know at the time the cellphone
was discovered I knew nothing about an
FBI investigation into the church but
Supervisors in the department suspected
that Brown was a mole for the FBI and
decided that the best way to obstruct
the agency's investigation was to hide
Brown by moving him to other jails and
sexton was roped into the effort which
was dubbed Operation Pandora's box I was
involved in a couple major components of
the brown situation I was one of many
who changed his name we were keeping
Anthony Brown as a new booking Sexton
agreed to testify in front of a federal
grand jury about how his colleagues
conspired to hide Brown from the FBI he
didn't realize that he was also indicted
himself at 26 not only did I think I had
nothing to hide I thought I did nothing
wrong I answered in to grand juries that
I participated in operation Pandora's
Box the entire foundation of my
conviction is my own statements 21
Sheriff's Department officials including
sexton would be convicted for corruption
and misconduct
I'm sentenced to 18 months I fought it
as hard as I could
Sexton was found guilty of conspiracy
and obstruction of justice as was
Thompson sexton's old supervisor but
Britton the deputy who wicked said
smuggled things into the jail still
works for the LA Sheriff's Department
and has never been charged with anything
he didn't respond to our request for
comment
there are supervisory and executive
level that were allowed to slip through
the cracks they have since been promoted
Sexton believes sheriff Baca was behind
all of this
he ruined a lot of people's lives and he
ruined a great department
you
