I mean if someone told me two years ago
that we would be here that we would have
these new words that I mean I think all
right was beat out as as the word of the
year by producing Post truthiness but it
just thanks do you think the
alright is a real what does that mean
well it's mostly an internet movement
yeah the 990s of your nonprofit
operating budget of less than a hundred
thousand dollars is it mostly a mirage
out of like a lot of Twitter vines a
characteristic thing about the alright
is that it is coming from the internet
and there are a lot of reasons for that
a I think just any new movement is going
to probably emerge from the internet and
you in 2016 now anyway
but we're going after big taboos people
have something to lose to the anonymity
has allowed many more people to write
and interact then you know we would have
otherwise if this movement work if a
similar movement were going on in the
1980s or 50s or whatever what we've been
able to do is leverage ourselves because
of the power of our ideas so in all
everything you just said I could flip
around and say yes you're right we don't
have a George Soros throwing money at us
yet we're the ones making a splash we're
the ones people want to talk to
we're the ones people fear and that
shows our power it's like you're right
in a way we don't there's no single
institution that has a building like the
Heritage Foundation or that receives you
know eight figure donations from these
big patrons I we will get there but the
fact that we make a huge splash the fact
that everyone wants to talk to us and
learn about us just shows our power well
but maybe everyone wants to talk to you
because you're flashy
and you like tweet pictures of ovens of
people and figured out how to manipulate
journalist fixation on Twitter that just
seems to be saying what I said just
you're using your like little kind of
snarky words like tweet pictures of
dozens or whatever yeah but it's like
yeah they want to see us because we're
flashy that means that's like we
understand PR we understand how to talk
manipulate journalists I guess I'm doing
that to you right now and you're like
yes I mean we have bold ideas that are
out of the mainstream and ppthere
they're just inherently exciting and
this is going to keep going even if
Donald Trump loss I think this interest
would have kept going but now that he's
won I mean it's going to be huge I we're
never going back if I were a a liberal
maybe what would make me so disappointed
is that my own ideology is so just stale
and lame that it's become a joke if you
want to talk about something you know
like oh you know I think we're just all
individuals and like everyone's great
and we should have like more rights and
like whatever that is the stupidest
I've ever heard in my life
that offends no one effectively you
could say that to the President of the
United States you can say that to anyone
else you're not challenging anything you
could say that to a financial bank you
could say that to the federal government
you can say that to the US military and
they are not going to disagree with you
and that shows how utterly lame
it is why it is a because it is old at
one point that actually challenged the
system at this point that liberalism and
just goofball rights will individuals
talk that is the system's ideology
you're not speaking truth to power right
you're like that is power speaking do
you ever feel like 10,000 neckbeards are
living vicariously through you uh I've
never thought about it that way
I look yet because because this is a
radical movement not everyone can be
open not everyone's willing to do that
and I totally understand why so if they
want to see me as a representative great
I don't see what's wrong with that you
you you describe you often like
compliment the OLT right but just use
snarky language so I actually agree with
a lot of things you're saying just not
the the tone and the snark well I like
to troll the troubles it's probably not
gonna work on me okay any try harder
yeah come on troll you want more troll
yeah come on look they're trolling I
think you're a spit it out you think I'm
a fraud right how is that let me tell
you the moment I was like you're
definitely a fraud it was when you you
fancy yourself as an intellectual right
but during that press conference you
mentioned the daily stormer which has
absolutely no pretense of
intellectualism it's pure thuggish news
from behind a computer just swastikas
and the most vile depictions of African
Americans I actually did initially route
but roared I actually did a mission to
do is the crowd cheered more than one of
the journalists did okay and they
cheered
they're just as happy to hear about Anja
England as they already hear about me
she or whatever it is you want to name
drop right like that's the driving force
is cruelty inhave not some like
highfalutin like philosophy okay
so that makes me a fraud how I don't
even understand I mean it's just like
people can have different interests
people can also just support you know
some guys who are in the movement yeah I
don't see how that makes me a fraud in
any way you are exploiting hatred that
has always been around and will always
be around
and you've repackaged it and you become
the face of it okay uh look I was doing
this for a long time I mean relatively
speaking I'm under the age of 40 yeah
there are a lot of other people who
we've been developing these ideas for a
long time the idea that we got in this
to exploit people or I mean for what
just for from making money or something
I mean I don't Fame and fame yeah uh see
I think what you're you're basically
describing something that I would agree
with again you're just describing it in
your like snarky tone yes I would never
say that Richard Spencer has through
rational argumentation convinced
millions of Americans to vote for Donald
Trump or created the Hult right to
rationale I've convinced each and every
person I am riding a wave to every we're
all writing away this is social change
that we're experiencing and it is
collective and we feel it I want to get
these ideas out in the world do I have
my own personal career ambitions yeah
sure I bet you do too but it's like it's
about exploiting some things about
seeing that there's a big change it's
seeing how you can take advantage it do
further your goals to to further ensure
further your career right but but it's
also it's always done idealistic aliy
you can criticize me in all sorts of
ways you can totally disagree with
everything I think
that's fine but the idea that I don't do
this for idealistic reasons I just think
it's totally off-base and I think you
know that to know you kind of like say
vague things like you're a fraud what
what am I who my fraud defrauding well I
mean I think a core concept in the art
right sort of defines how fake it is
which is the idea of me magic yeah you
do things into reality yeah I don't know
I don't know do you really think that
it's real yes you have Steve Fannin's
here can you call him of a bug no but in
terms of me magic yeah I think there is
something about I would call it like a
self-fulfilling prophecy
we memed all right into existence and
it's now almost a household name we
didn't mean Donald Trump into existence
but I think we have inflected Donald
Trump's trajectory and at the very least
we've inflected how he's perceived so
that is me magic so it's like you can
sit you can think of it as like oh is
this crazy cat can Pepe the Frog or
whatever or you know and and that's fine
or you can kind of look at what's
happening and understand it a little bit
of a more rational level but you didn't
create but that shouldn't I didn't
create Pepe no no but you used to I
didn't create everything I'm sorry no
but but the people who created like the
texts of the art right are teenagers or
the 4chan
who trolled themselves into believing
anti-semitic stuff I have actually met
some kids from 4chan who started reading
some identitarian or some of Kevin
MacDonald's work or anything critical of
race relations immigration Jewish
influence so on and they actually read
this stuff so that they control people
so they read it almost like as a kind of
you know it's like oh I want to get
these arguments so that I can really
piss people off right that was their
entrance to it but after reading it they
were actually convinced by it that
demonstrates in a way that the truth
quality
it just mean they're too committed to a
joke it's but it becomes it's not a joke
at some point that's an expression of
that it is true it started out as a joke
and then it became real this is magic
