tonight Exxon's elusive CEO banning the
burqa decided super fashionable by once
nice Anya bluff resides of a boat design
and legal weed in Puerto Rico
Nelson again Donald Trump took a swing
at aerospace giant Boeing today calling
for the u.s. government to cancel a deal
with the company it's gonna be over four
billion dollars for Air Force one
program I think it's ridiculous boeing
responded saying its current contract
with the government for the project is
only worth a hundred and seventy million
violence broke out in athens following
an annual march that marks the police
killing of a teenager eight years ago
that incident triggered Greece's worst
riots in decades since then the March
has become a yearly protest against
austerity and a flashpoint for unrest
Greece is now in its eighth year of
recession one of the most feared leaders
of the Ugandan rebel group known as the
Lord's Resistance Army pled not guilty
to 70 counts of war crimes and crimes
against humanity in the International
Criminal Court Anthony L of a mikvah and
Dominic Winn Dominic Angwin faces life
in prison if convicted the Supreme Court
today ruled that Samsung violated
Apple's smartphone design patents but
only parts of it which means Samsung
will still have to pay up but likely
only a fraction of the four hundred
million dollars Apple ones
President Obama gave his final national
security speech he defended his
counterterrorism strategy called on
Congress to close the prison at
Guantanamo Bay and warned against
marginalizing Muslims the United States
of America is not a country that imposes
religious tests as a price for freedom
we're a country that was founded so that
people could practice their face as they
choose the president-elect met with Rex
Tillerson today apparently to consider
him for Secretary of State
Tillerson is the CEO of Exxon Mobil the
sixth largest company in the world but
most people don't know anything about
him
and Tillerson likes it that way erielle
do em Ross set out to discover all she
could about one of America's most
private CEOs a couple of months ago I
reached out to ExxonMobil about getting
a sit-down interview with its CEO Rex
Tillerson hi my name is Ariel Jim Ross I
am a correspondent for vice news I'm
calling to put in an interview request
with Rex Tillerson now you need to
schedule meeting again Rex Tillerson the
CEO of Exxon Mobil okay they turned me
down Tillerson has a reputation for
being suspicious of the press the
journalists Steve Cole tried to
interview Tillerson for his book on
ExxonMobil private empire I stalked him
around two or three times and saw him
speak and got a question or two and from
from the press gallery but that was as
close as I could ever get to him CEOs of
major companies tend to be public
figures you probably know something
about Tim Cook and Elon Musk and Marissa
Mayer and too much about Donald Trump
Tillerson only gives two to three
sit-down interviews a year which is
painfully shy by CEO standards but he
shines when he's invited to talk to the
Boy Scouts it really is my pleasure to
be with you today
there's nothing that I'd rather spend my
discretionary time only talking about
Boy Scouts I was blessed to to be able
to join a wonderful Scout Troop in
stoner Oklahoma with a Scoutmaster that
just ganya dream of here's everything
else I was able to find out about
Tillerson he was born in Wichita Falls
Texas in 1952 his mom volunteered as a
social worker for ambulance runs his
father was a bakery salesman and worked
for Boy Scouts of America his dad's job
caused them to move a lot all over Texas
in Oklahoma
he studied civil engineering at UT
Austin and was a member of the
fraternity Alpha Phi Omega when he
graduated he got 17 job offers and
winnowed it down to two Armco steel core
and exon Armco offered more money but he
had a special feeling about exon he
started working there as an engineer in
1975 and has never left he became CEO in
2006 he replaced Lee Raymond who as CEO
completely denied the existence of human
induced climate change the climate has
changed every year for millions of years
if we weren't here the climate would
change man didn't have anything to do
with Tillerson was appointed to give the
company a more sympathetic face here's
Steve Cole internally he was appointed
because he was supposed to be a more
effective communicator than his
predecessor but ExxonMobil which is
currently valued at about 360 billion
dollars and is one of the most
profitable companies in the history of
the world hasn't become any more
transparent under tiller since
leadership the company is currently
under investigation for giving its
investors misleading information on
climate change and though Tillerson
unlike his predecessor admits that
climate change is real he says the world
has more pressing problems I think it's
a great challenge but we think it's
solvable and I think there are much more
pressing priorities that we as a as a
human being race and society need to
deal with there are still hundreds of
millions bins of people living in abject
poverty
around the world they need electricity
they can count on that they can afford
what else he's made more than 280
million dollars since becoming CEO his
wife of 33 years Renda house is a barrel
racer he's got two kids twins from a
previous marriage and he apparently
always wears an impressive silver belt
buckle for more I reached out to the
ultimate expert a writer who works for a
Boy Scouts of America publication who
got to sit down with Tillerson earlier
this year the interview hasn't been
published and the journalist only agreed
to speak with me on the condition of
anonymity he told me by email their
interview focused on till ursins
time as a scout scout volunteer pretty
much what you'd expect of all the states
where Trump upset Clinton in the
election Wisconsin was the most shocking
to Democrats he won it by just
twenty-two thousand votes that slim
margin and the voting machines used
there with the state and Green Party
candidate Jill Stein's recount
crosshairs that recount started six days
ago after Stein submitted 3.5 million
dollars but so far Trump has actually
gained 26 votes and there's no evidence
of large-scale errors or fraud but if
the recount isn't changing the results
it may be changing how people feel about
them evan McMorris Santoro reports from
Milwaukee
Jill Hannah kittens had the dream cycle
for Hillary Clinton supporter Hillary's
blessed us with like selfies things did
not go as you expected they would where
are you on this map of the sort of grief
of losing something like this yeah
between anger and sadness yeah yeah I
mean I when I see people still oh no you
know we'll still cry but Jill is still
trying to convince herself that 2016 was
a fun year I got to meet a lot of
amazing people put your car got keyed
yeah you got harassed at work that's all
I got and now you're thinking about
moving out of Wisconsin where you grew
up and have lived your whole life yeah
and you're telling me the year that your
earn tell me that you're an optimist
right now Jill's trying to find closure
with a new volunteer gig recount
observer the Clinton campaign isn't
officially in favor of Jill Stein's
recounts but they've helped recruit
volunteers
there's a lot of stuff going on
including a debate about how fair and
reliable elections are the most
important thing we're learning from the
recount is that the tally on election
night was accurate that the voting
machines are accurate that there was no
tampering this election is not rigged
but the recount is really a group
therapy session for people still dealing
with the contentious election and in
faults our democracy Tracy Krieger is a
volunteer recount observer for the Trump
campaign I have talked to a couple of
people from the different parties that
are here today the only Clinton people I
talked to her just expressed that they
were still in mourning and they go do it
these particular ladies say they go to a
particular site to talk to others who
grieve together what you think about
that I kind of want to pop in one and
say Tracy wants to recount to help
people get over it Jill isn't there yet
a lot of money being spent while you are
working really hard is that closure
gonna come I hope so I hope so because
especially Democrats need to move on
and look to the future you feel like you
personally are gonna be able to have
that closure no Facebook Microsoft
Twitter and YouTube have announced a
partnership to remove posts that promote
terrorism the companies will use a share
technology that stamps suspect photos
and videos with unique digital
fingerprints that their networks will
instantly recognize and block but the
man who helped invent the technology
told Ravi samaya that he was surprised
by the move and worries that it may only
be a fig leaf social media is the new
front line in the fight against terror
in America and Europe
the FBI is targeting Isis social media
experts maybe because the perpetrators
of recent terror attacks including those
in Orlando and Ohio was said to be
inspired by extremist material online
which is re uploaded every time it's
deleted these are killers with fantasies
of glory who are very savvy when it
comes to social media and are able to
infiltrate the minds of disaffected
individuals around the world the counter
extremism project in Manhattan has been
building databases of the worst Isis
content each is fed into a new software
which extracts a unique signature and
makes a kind of do not fly list that can
automatically prevent Isis videos from
reappearing on social media on search
engines and even via email after they've
been deleted
the technology is currently used to
fight child pornography but the
professor at Dartmouth College who
developed it funded partly by Microsoft
told us today that he and the CEP were
taken by surprise by the announcement so
you've been meeting with these companies
for some time then we had this sudden
movement where they suddenly announced
yeah so they were gonna start fighting
this what do you think was behind that
sudden switch I think there has been
pressure extreme pressure from the EU
real frustration from the French the
bridge the Germans and I think there
have been threats of legislation I think
there's an increasing media pressure on
a fairly regular basis and I think that
this press release is an acknowledgment
that we are not doing enough and we need
to do more it remains to be seen if it
is a real step forward or not well
what's the best-case scenario best-case
scenario is that the database becomes
centralized and is ever-growing and ever
expanding to limit this megaphone that
we have given to extremist group and at
the same time by the way being very
thoughtful and very careful that we
understand the difference between hate
speech and dissent but I think the time
of saying the wild wild west of the
internet where anything goes is over we
are seeing dramatic implications of
allowing anybody to do anything on
social media and I think the time has
come for us to be responsible while
still leveraging
all that is good about social media and
the information age
German Chancellor Angela Merkel
announced today that she's in favor of a
partial ban on the burqa and then a cob
traditional Muslim veils that cover the
face Merkel called the full face
coverings inappropriate for German life
for foster dialogue but once nice Anya
block resides a far boat design for mrs
de jesus bigger up this year there are
four point eight million Muslims in
Germany the largest population in Europe
but most Muslim women there don't wear
face coverings and religious garb isn't
exactly an urgent issue but how to
handle the European migrant crisis is
last summer Merkel opened Germany's
borders and welcomed hundreds of
thousands of refugees fleeing war in the
Middle East and this summer
Germany was hit by four violent attacks
in less than a week three of them
involved refugees and is about soon CG -
fits almost 5000 fans in HoN gone on
daf-16 Owen Merkel's approval rating
plummeted and now she faces a strong
reelection challenge from Germany's hard
right AFD which is emphatic that Islam
has no place in the country whatsoever
Merkel has good reason to be concerned
French president Francois Hollande is
not seeking re-election an Italian Prime
Minister Matteo Renzi is resigning
thanks in large part to anti-immigrant
forces in their own countries adopting a
burka ban as the Netherlands is now
doing and as France did in 2011 is a way
for Merkel to shore up her conservative
credentials if it isn't too late in May
Puerto Rico's governor Alejandro Garcia
Padilla made a surprise move he signed
an executive order designed to help
roughly 200,000 patients on the island
access legal medical marijuana but
semi-legal weed also presents a huge
opportunity for Puerto Rico's economy
which has been in crisis for almost a
now the government is finally getting
ready to roll out the new program at the
beginning of next year
Roberto furred men went to the island to
meet some of the people vying for a
piece of the action we have like 30
plants here different strains Wow it
really smells and care well you can
squeeze it if you want to heat this
smelly just give your nelson in dig in
this is from Bayer dacovian he wears a
tie to work these days two people take
him seriously
Roberto has been growing marijuana
illegally for almost three years but now
he's hoping to secure one of the couple
dozen official growing licenses the
Puerto Rican government will give out
for the first time ever this year you
see we're all piled up in this one
little room we don't want to be like
this we are going to move into ortho
facility that is been regulated that
it's approved by the state because we
want to be in compliance
the problem is competition is stiff
Humberto has to compete with local
well-connected businessmen like John
draya's the CEO of academic Sciences of
Puerto Rico today--is has employed some
of Puerto Rico's top researchers and
scientists to create cannabis products
that can be individually tailored to
patients that we are planning to do
cultivation elaboration or manufacture
product and we have depends on e so we
want to be the proactive team to the
real quality in economics currently
cannabis providers in Puerto Rico can't
sell the unprocessed plan they have to
package it as a pharmaceutical product
with access to multi-million dollar
technology today s and his team think
they have a leg up on the competition
the main difference here is that we are
using a very state-of-the-art equipment
and also technique
they're hoping to cash in on what could
become a huge industry in most of the US
patients can only get medical marijuana
in the state where their card was issued
the Puerto Rico will accept cards from
any state that's a pretty big sell for
card holders in say Maine or
Massachusetts who don't want to give up
marijuana when they're on vacation the
potential hasn't gone unnoticed by
mainland companies with money to swing
around
Chet Billingsley is the CEO of Mentor
Capital a California based business that
invests in cannabis companies he's
partnered with a local company called
Green vision I use Colorado as a model
and say the projected sales in Puerto
Rico would be 300 million dollars but we
think that this business could capture
10 to 20% of the overall market if it
hit 20% that would be a 60 million
dollar business and green vision will be
one of those people and have
first-to-market advantage that is that
is always a big plus in every state that
is legalized medical marijuana so far
companies cannot deduct their operating
costs which means they end up paying a
ton in taxes but that won't be the case
in Puerto Rico so you must be like
looking at your chops this is something
that other companies that have the money
to invest in don't necessarily know
about and you have managed to get in
here first yes and there's only a
handful of licenses because they're
looking to have larger entities that are
controlled and well managed this all
sounds genius until you talk to the
people the law was supposed to help in
the first place
if they're safe their lowest common
grandmother kiss-and-tell solo she'll
meet
pero puede I met em okay independence a
Picasso in Grande Marilyn Rivera was
diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in
2012 she relies on marijuana just to
feel normal
la primera vez marijuana
indira que estaba siendo on trabajo mi
Mensa come borrow el dólar de l'opéra so
say me Quito bueno me energy
common emo me cambio completamente como
yo tambien Plata mente para mi few mahi
Tabata me maybe Cena yo kamehameha
manera en como el paciente puede of
tener el CM por ciento de la medicina
que que no de la planta governor Garcia
Padilla said that he was legalizing
medical marijuana out of concern for
people like Madeleine but for Madeleine
it doesn't always feel that way you'll
be much easier and cheaper for her if
the law allowed her to buy the raw plant
so she could keep making edibles at home
tengo miedo porque el la manera como en
regle meant Oeste de Senado para que
solamente personas con mucho poder con
mucho dinero pueden tener el acceso low
defense REO a la venta este terror
cetera yo no necesito que venga ninguna
pharmaceutical a sin mommy como yo Tilly
Sam economies
rattle okay tengo una Pensione moyes
casa que yo no tengo para o poder cos t
r sa tratamiento como mero stapedius
okay this sounds like oxycotin that's
like the new bon iver but like way more
listenable and we're and way weirder and
way more smurfy yeah that's that's
really good it sounds comfortable with
itself
tasteful not forced not made by a
computer
there's just that new blowing stones
stuff I love the Rolling Stones but I
don't need to hear that so that's my
review
I was at a bar in Austin Texas like two
years ago we had played the show and
they're like five or six other dudes
there I'd go back to my room and I get a
text from this Austin number I busted
one of those guys he's like can I send
you something want to show you something
I said sure he sent me a picture of him
in this really strange robe he said do
you want to come over and drink some
beer
basically that song makes me think that
maybe if I'd gone over to his house he
would have played me his album and it
would be that what is that yeah if you
ever want to go to go out and have no
one talked to you wearing an English
shirt that's vice news tonight for
Tuesday December 6
