the president-elect met with Rex
Tillerson today apparently to consider
him for Secretary of State
Tillerson is the CEO of Exxon Mobil the
sixth largest company in the world but
most people don't know anything about
him and Tillerson likes it that way
erielle do em Ross set out to discover
all she could about one of America's
most private CEOs a couple of months ago
I reached out to ExxonMobil about
getting a sit-down interview with its
CEO Rex Tillerson hi my name is Ariel
Jim Ross I am a correspondent for vice
news I'm calling to put in an interview
request with Rex Tillerson don't be in
touch now you need to schedule meeting
Rex Tillerson the CEO of Exxon Mobil
okay they turned me down Tillerson has a
reputation for being suspicious of the
press the journalist Steve Cole tried to
interview Tillerson for his book on
ExxonMobil private empire I stalked him
around two or three times and saw him
speak and got a question or two in from
from the press gallery but that was as
close as I could ever get to him
CEOs of major companies tend to be
public figures you probably know
something about Tim Cook and Elon Musk
and marissa mayer and too much about
donald trump Tillerson only gives two or
three sit-down interviews a year which
is painfully shy by CEO standards but he
shines when he's invited to talk to the
Boy Scouts it really is my pleasure to
be with you today there's nothing that
I'd rather spend my discretionary time
only talking about the Boy Scouts I was
blessed to to be able to join a
wonderful Scout Troop in snowing
Oklahoma with a Scoutmaster that just
ganya dream of here's everything else I
was able to find out about Tillerson he
was born in Wichita Falls Texas in 1952
his mom volunteered as a social worker
for ambulance runs his father was a
bakery salesman and worked for Boy
Scouts of America
his dad's job caused them to move a lot
all over Texas in Oklahoma
he studied civil engineering at UT
Austin and was a member of the
fraternity Alpha Phi Omega when he
graduated he got 17 job offers and
winnowed it down to two Armco steel core
and Exxon Armco offered more money but
he had a special feeling about Exxon he
started working there as an engineer in
1975 and has never left he became CEO in
2006 he replaced lee raymond who as CEO
completely denied the existence of
human-induced climate change the climate
has changed every year for millions of
years if we weren't here the climate
would change man didn't have anything to
do with Tillerson was appointed to give
the company a more sympathetic face
here's Steve Cole internally he was
appointed because he was supposed to be
a more effective communicator than his
predecessor but ExxonMobil which is
currently valued at about three hundred
and sixty billion dollars and is one of
the most profitable companies in the
history of the world hasn't become any
more transparent under Tillerson
leadership the company is currently
under investigation for giving its
investors misleading information on
climate change and though Tillerson
unlike his predecessor admits that
climate change is real he says the world
has more pressing problems I think it's
a great challenge but we think it's
solvable and I think there are much more
pressing priorities that we as a as a
human being race and society need to
deal with there are still hundreds of
millions bins of people living in abject
poverty around the world they need
electricity they can count on that they
can afford what else he's made more than
two hundred and eighty million dollars
since becoming CEO his wife of 33 years
Renda house is a barrel racer he's got
two kids twins from a previous marriage
and he apparently always wears an
impressive silver belt buckle for more I
reached out to the ultimate expert a
writer who works for a Boy Scouts of
America publication who got to sit down
with Tillerson earlier this year the
interview hasn't been published and the
list only agreed to speak with me on the
condition of anonymity he told me by
email their interview focused on till
ursins
time as a scout and scout volunteer
pretty much what you'd expect
