last month video from a white
nationalist conference in DC went viral
Heil Trump handle our people hail
victory the clip got more than 40
million views the event was organized by
Richard Spencer one of the spokespeople
for the so called alt right which now
has allies as high up as Trump's chief
strategist Steve Bannon le rÃªve met up
with spencer to find out what the
alt-right movement really is it's the
night before the big conference like a
counterinsurgency and Richard Spencer is
planning an escape for about a hundred
out writers because protesters have
crashed their dinner party basically
this just mob of smelly disgusting
freaks just comes I mean you can still
smell them right now you can still smell
them they start coming up the stairs and
they're chanting you know die fascist
dude Stalingrad again I can't even know
any of their stupid stuff the one guy
sprayed me so I had some skunk
it's like shits liquid yeah so I had to
take off my shirt and now I look a bit
like Popeye but where I don't know maybe
if it's good luck all right I usually go
out and like wave to them when they do
these things just to show that I don't
give a about them and they're
stupid
you know whatever their base their whole
a life is based on feet
since Donald Trump's election the media
has been obsessed with the so-called
alt-right movement the alt-right is
growing the alt-right is real the
alt-right is not going anywhere and the
alt-right is going to change the world
a lot of that obsession has been
directed at Spencer since he's one of
the only people in the outright to show
his real face and use his real name even
has a real think-tank the National
Policy Institute even though it's run
out of his apartment who are you NPI
argues against multiculturalism and for
increasing the political and cultural
power of white people we aren't just
white white is a checkbox on a census
form we are part of the people's history
spirit of civilization of Europe are we
ready to become who we are when people
talk about the alt-right
they're talking about an online culture
that evolved on sites like 4chan and
reddit where young men share
self-deprecating jokes about being
virgins and trade offensive memes I
think all right was beat out as as the
word of the year by sub I post
truthiness but it just Spencer is
conference to less than 300 people this
year which leaves the question is the
alt-right really a rising political
movement or is it just a bunch of kids
messing around online we met up with him
on a windy afternoon by the Lincoln
Memorial together for warmth I guess do
you think the alt-right is real what
does that mean is it mostly a mirage out
of like a lot of Twitter BOTS what we've
been able to do is leverage ourselves
because of the power of our ideas we're
the ones people want to talk to we're
the ones people fear and that shows our
power do you really think that it's real
yes you have Steve Bennett's here can
you call him on the phone
no the only connection between Bannon
and Spencer is that they shook hands
once at a party we memed all right into
existence and it's now almost a
household name these memers often call
each other neck beards slang for
socially inept guys who spend a lot of
time online
and not enough on grooming do you ever
feel like 10,000 neckbeards are living
vicariously through you I've never
thought about it that way look yeah
because because this is a radical
movement not everyone can be open not
everyone's willing to do that and I
totally understand why so if they want
to see me as a representative great I
don't see what's wrong with that but but
the people who created like the texts of
the art right our teenagers on 4chan who
trolled themselves into believing
anti-semitic stuff do you know what's
interesting is that there I have
actually met some kids from 4chan who
started reading anything critical of
race relations immigration Jewish
influence so on and they actually read
this stuff so that they control people
but after reading it they were actually
convinced by it but that again that is
demonstrates in a way that the truth
quality to it doesn't it just mean
they're too committed to a joke it
started out as a joke and then it became
real
but that's magic but it's like you can
call you again you can say oh it's all
fake it's not real it's the realest
thing there is you you you describe
you'll often like compliment the OLT
right but just use snarky language so I
kind of you know it's like I actually
agree with a lot of things you're saying
just not the tone and the snark I like
to troll the trolls any try harder yeah
come on
they're trolling I think you're a spit
it out you think I'm a fraud how is that
we you are you are exploiting hatred
that has always been around
we'll always be around and we've
repackaged it and you become the face of
it I would never say that Richard
Spencer has through rational
argumentation convinced millions of
Americans to vote for Donald Trump or
created the whole right to rationale I
am riding a wave too but the idea that I
don't do this for idealistic reasons I
just think it's totally off-base
