Italy's political system is famously
unstable since 1946 the country has had
63 governments and 41 prime minister
ships the current Prime Minister Matteo
Renzi wanted to rein in that chaos with
a constitutional reform bill primarily
intended to reduce the power of the
country Senate on Sunday Italians will
vote on Renzi's bill and it's not
looking good
Renzi promised to resign and voters
rejected his referendum but now it looks
like they will effectively stripping
Renzi's Democratic Party from power
poised to take their place is the five
star movement an Internet born
anti-establishment anti-immigrant party
led by Pepe Grillo a comedian turned
blogger who's famous for advancing
conspiracy theories and having a unique
head of hair the five star movement has
no clear policy platform but many of its
members want to ditch the Euro and
restore Italy's national currency the
lira currency traders would take that as
a no confidence vote in the euro zone
and punished the euro leading to steep
declines and they'd most likely devalue
the newly adopted lira as well
that's where Italy's issues could go
from internal conflict to global crisis
in three easy steps
Italian banks are saddled with 290
billion dollars in uncollectible loans
currency turbulence could push them over
the edge and has happened in the u.s. in
2007 take the entire country's economy
down with them the collapse of the third
largest economy in the European Union
would trigger a full-blown financial
crisis in Europe causing global market
panic and a potential meltdown but then
again Italian voters could vote YES on
Sunday keeping their government intact
their country in the eurozone and
Italy's crisis at bay at least for the
near future
