it's been 33 years since the first cases
of HIV were discovered and more than 35
million people have died of aids-related
illnesses today there are an estimated
36 million people living with HIV AIDS
and the disease continues to spread
especially in South Africa which is home
to almost a fifth of the world's
hiv-positive population the key to
stopping the disease for good is a
working vaccine and yesterday
researchers in South Africa began the
largest clinical trial of a potential
vaccine ever bonita mojave is 18 years
old eight weeks ago she found out she
has HIV so the times I just became
myself I didn't even see is this really
I don't see myself in the Sudanese
people Bonita said she got infected by a
40 year old man she dated at the end of
last year she's no longer in touch with
him he changed his phone number and she
can't reach him I would kill him you
know if I see him he's ruining my life
you know knowing that I should look at
this during a snake for the rest of my
life is just to have to accept it you
know South African women between the
ages of 15 and 24 have a much higher
risk of HIV infection than males of the
same age every week almost 2,000 young
women contract the virus that vicious
cycle of the older man would infect the
young girls and the young girls would
infect their PS that perpetuates the
infection last year there were two point
1 million new infections around the
world the majority of them in southern
and eastern Africa the vaccine trial
known as H V TN 702 could lead to a
breakthrough in preventing new cases we
have 1,000 new infections on a daily
basis
and this despite the available means of
prevention researchers expect that the
vaccine will be 50% effective that would
be a big improvement from a 2009 version
that was 31% effective even a partially
if acacia speck seen can have a an
impact that can help control the HIV
epidemic when you factor wall you know
you need a gun you need a bomb you need
a tank and I will see the HIV vaccine
has the tank results from the first
5,400 recipients are expected in late
2020 if the vaccine works as well as dr.
gray hopes the trial would then be
expanded even further potentially to
children and young adults like Bonita
