are you going man good how are you bad
you a Def Leppard it's correct how much
debt do you want right now 3.3 billion
dollars in debt around the country is
owed to me personally let's talk about
that let's do it I grew up in the
projects around the Boston area ended up
going to prison for ten years
I'm robbery some other things when I got
out I got a job at a collection agency a
year later I opened my own company over
the last 18 years I've made about 10
million dollars doing this ha ha ha ha
debt collectors are scary so what do you
do if one of them calls you
I asked Jessica Brooks a credit expert
from New York City Department of
Consumer Affairs their only job is to
get you to pay as much money as quickly
as possible and usually scare tactics
are the best way for them to do that so
just try and keep your calm don't assume
that it's actually you that they're
looking for don't agree that you owe the
money don't agree that you think you
might owe the money don't acknowledge
ever even hearing about the debt confirm
your identity confirm your address and
say send me a bill in writing is it
advised to hand over your social
security number no you make them tell
that you what they had on their end and
then you confirm it and one more thing
too just to keep in the back of your
mind there is no criminal penalty for
owing money no such thing as debtors
prisons we haven't had him here since
like 1700s so you're not going to jail
for a bad debt but you could get sued
and have your wages garnished that means
money is taken directly from your
paycheck before you even see it and if
you skip the court hearing you lose
automatically don't ever ignore court
summons so let's say I have a old debt
mm-hmm is there a statute of limitation
yes there is statute of limitations vary
state by state in New York State at six
years that debt can remain on your
credit report for up to seven years but
you're no longer responsible for owing
it after six years each state has its
own statute of limitations regulating
debt collection or in other words a law
that limits when a creditor can sue over
a debt it is very important to be
mindful of this stuff because you
actually reset the statute of
limitations if you acknowledge a debt or
if you make a payment on it if you
acknowledge or make a payment on old
debt even when it's passed a statute of
limitations you've just given them
permission
sooo you the best thing to do is to talk
to a non-profit financial counsellor
there's a lot of nuance there's a lot of
different things with different paths
you could go and if it's not immediately
clear to you what you should do you
should definitely seek help this stuff
is complicated but let's assume you talk
to a financial counsellor and decided
you want to pay off an old debt how do
you negotiate with a debt collector a
lot of debts are bought and sold now
sometimes for pennies on the dollar up
to you know 10 cents on the dollar they
don't get paid unless you pay so you're
actually holding all the all the Todd's
in this scenario first negotiate all the
interest penalties and late fees away
secondly try to come up with a figure
most collection agencies will knock off
a good chunk of your bill if you're
offering you pay it out Brandon told us
off-camera the debt collectors usually
collect three to six percent of the debt
that they buy you should keep that in
mind when you negotiate and start low
there's something Brandon didn't tell us
the forgiven debt is considered income
by the IRS if you settle a bill and it's
more than $600 there could be tax
consequences to that you're gonna get a
1099 from that company one last thing if
you write a letter ton a debt collector
to stop calling you they are not allowed
to call again if they continue tell them
you're submitting a complaint to the
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and
your state's attorney general's office
amigo white sign it on hello
how much all right good job 4300 on the
boys
