police departments across the country of
a new crime-fighting tool in their
arsenal your DNA they can collect it
almost anytime anywhere from just about
anyone and keep it indefinitely
correspondent Antonia Hilton went to
Bucks County Pennsylvania where a police
encounter now involves taking your most
personal genetic information all they
need is your consent you can want to
hear yourself seat
hey Tim you step up here for me just
part of our intake process okay is
consensual sample of DNA okay old es for
users do is print your name here sign a
name and today's date okay here goes
okay all right take these two sticks
hold them together take them rubbing up
and down between your cheek and gum on
both sides front back cross the side
what's happened what is a fork it's for
your DNA police here in Bensalem collect
DNA in two ways the first from suspects
sometimes before they're even charged
place it season or in houses if you ever
did anything
Irish jury you'll never go missing you
know different things like that nature
I'm sorry wanna make a flex number
please what's the protocol around who
you actually take a swab from we try and
ask everybody it doesn't matter whether
it be you know retail theft or a fraud
case or anything of that nature we we
ask everybody I sure won't box one scene
in the second way they collect DNA as
evidence from crime scenes just gonna
grab a couple swabs and they'll be out
here here they are responding to a rash
of robberies at the local train station
with a crime like this collecting that
DNA is some of the most valuable kind of
evidence you can get here absolutely
anytime that we get a hit from this kind
of stuff obviously it's pretty much a
shock case any DNA they collect from
anyone who's been in this car even from
the cars owners becomes part of the
database how many people would you
estimate are in these drawers well we
have about 18,000 samples in our
database director of Public Safety
Fredrick Herren helped start been
Salem's DNA database six years ago so
these are people where crimes have not
been linked to as of yet so the vast
majority of people in here they're out
around Bensalem living their regular
lives looking their very lives benzion
what a city of Philadelphia or whoever
they might be from and they might just
sit here and it might never be involved
in a crime Herron believes the program
is working then here are our q-tips
he says DNA helps convict repeat
offenders faster and as a result when
Salem has had a 50% reduction in
break-ins and robberies since their
collection started the problem is there
really is no law governing what we're
doing right now and I'd like to keep it
that way and if there is a law governing
it I wanted to give me as much power at
enough power much latitude and the
ability to to do this because the
success rate is huge for almost 20 years
the FBI was the primary department that
could collect DNA evidence samples from
convicted felons were stored in a highly
regulated federal database then in 2013
the Supreme Court ruled local police
could store DNA from anyone suspected of
a
serious offense but serious offense is
open for interpretation citing privacy
concerns conservative Justice Antonin
Scalia delivered a rare dissent from the
bench make no mistake about it because
of today's decision your DNA can be
taken and entered into a national
database if you are ever arrested
rightly or wrongly and for whatever
reason three years later that's what's
happening almost 100 departments across
the country now independently collect
and store DNA do you think that the
public the average citizen knows what
they're doing when they sign over their
DNA to a police department well know
that it's not informed content they're
not informed that their actual DNA
sample their entire genetic blueprint is
now in the possession of the police
indefinitely lawyer Stephen Mercer
helped bring the case before the Supreme
Court he and other experts be called
find it hard to believe and near
impossible to prove the DNA collection
directly decreased Bensalem crime you
have a trend nationwide
of reduction in crime DNA plays a
critical role in both convictions and
exonerations but Mercer worries that as
DNA collection expands across the
country so does the margin of error
leading to over sampling in over policed
communities of color do we want police
to use technology in ways that are
unregulated to subject people to
surveillance along the lines of race and
class these are not claims of some
dystopian genetic panopticon we're
talking about law enforcement practices
right now today what do you say to
people who think that this is maybe just
the beginning of a big brother' scheme
it's voluntary and if you're innocent
your DNA will prove that you're innocent
as we told you so if you have nothing to
hide what's the problem I don't get it
here's the issue you don't want to go to
jail don't commit crime don't fight with
the cops
get your day in court and prove your
innocence that's the way this country
was set up and that's what people have
to remember
