one two three four twenty four six
eighty five all right we go right mm-hmm
drug dealer is just a drug dealer a
hustler someone that can sell stocks
didn't sell anything who's gonna pay you
a hammer you know when you go into drugs
you're no longer a hustler you're a drug
dealers they buy all my hustler muscle
no a hustler sells anything so car parts
you can sell sneakers so why'd you tell
me that on the phone
five hundred to get me here why is the
money not there today what can I put it
in today yeah do that I could have money
after tomorrow checks nineteen you
coming here moving out to city talking
fast you know talking convincing he's a
good hustler I knew I had a good item I
was putting the the stuff about the
ghetto into this and I said if all else
fails as long as I make this magazine
cheaper than every other magazine I can
sell this to the people that's in
the neighborhoods that I go to feds has
served as the unofficial newsletter of
urban crime culture for 18 years the
magazine doesn't offer subscriptions and
has no website or social media presence
it's gained traction covering outlaws
ignored by or inaccessible to mainstream
media which explains its full name
finally every dimension of the streets
every young kid across America that that
doesn't go into sports with if you ask
them in the ghettos who were you
intrigued about you know who excited you
they're gonna say the neighborhood drug
dealer the neighborhood pimp that's what
a tree does I was moving fast
you know just like any other kid it just
had an idea that he wasn't executing and
then unfortunately I got shot once in
the back once in my leg and I left me
paralyzed from my waist down on my left
side so during the time that I was
paralyzed I am starting to think more
because I'm in the house all the time
I had a about a dozen friends I was in
prison and while they were in prison
they would ask me send me a nudie
magazine seem her whole rare magazines
go talk to myself hold on there's a
market for this if I put all the
different elements that they want into a
magazine and all my surroundings that
surround me I think I have a business
antwuan doesn't just run the magazines
business operations
he writes many of the stories tonight
he's covering the go hard boys a Harlem
based motorcycle club known for their
illegal escapades on dirt bikes God look
at him look on Molina
right now we're back to the city with a
go hard boys this is what they have to
do to have a good time
make a noise where no helmet look at
these kids they're dead double look at
this they're doing on these bikes
they learned how to do this on their own
they learned how to do this by breaking
bones they buy the chair the city up
into the police chasing you guys call
this stuff a sport your sours for the
police call it a crime right tell me the
difference when they ride the bus
they're not getting into trouble they
may be breaking laws but they're not
killing each other
we got gang members who ride together
who not allowed to really gang bang no
more cuz you're around us
police would chase you sometimes police
chase the killing your killer they don't
chase it go ahead and pull over don't do
that you know so build the parks here in
to kill these people kids these kids
literally want to ride bikes and I
understand what they do in the community
is overkill we get that but build them
apart don't kill them
to go hard boys desperado reputation
earned them notoriety with Fetty WAP the
rapper plans to help finance a dirt bike
park geared toward people without places
to legally ride Antwon used the
connection to secure an interview the
music section of the magazine
I've been running well honey is the
passion he got is the same passion I had
he like find a property I'm fighting
hawk you would be blood quit blanking
problem whatever you want be mail on
Sunday you got fights
I brought like $50 like brand-new out
the shop 7,500 8,000 because I love the
people that love to ride with me I just
take the bike don't even tell him where
it came from
Nikki's got a brand new bikes I don't
even know where came from never know one
might come up and lucky bad never know
what might come out of bag not one
single record company allowed us to
interview their artists we had to be the
feds and catch everyone's artist on our
own they all said the stuff I had was
too hard for their artists with her
Eva bum rushed him in a studio or
somehow we got in their offices this one
was on my block 12 22nd minute Patterson
holla nothing we called it man family
rataxes i started when i came out issue
1 with 3000 copies i did not invest any
more money in it it was a total flip i
costly say with drug games how you flip
it and flip it and flip it if you 5
which was an all women's issue
I had 75,000 copies printed and we were
independently owned feds authentic
coverage of the criminal fringe made it
a staple in US prisons they're owning
the latest issue is considered a status
symbol among inmates once you get
something like this in prison that's
hard of course they're gonna love it and
then ban it you ban something in prison
with a bunch of people to have mischief
and outlaw ways I didn't hurt feds that
helped feds it's banned I want this I
want to show that I have this looks like
she came home I just the girls over uses
read effete Nagisa it was the magazine
of prison everybody got a copy that my
driver
hopefully your V feds out here now not
inside there the magazine scarcity
hasn't kept diehard fans away but as
print media sales decline across the
market Antoine finds himself struggling
to maintain his audience so you must be
looking to 500 man I told me you the big
guy twelve hundred a thousand man the
soldier with your life is really tough
I didn't tend to feds online or it
wasn't really a social media thing
because I really couldn't find a profit
yeah the white guy on the cover had a
little prejudice I don't know I'm not
prejudiced a little prejudice on the
worst self never had that situation
you know because of my age and because I
wasn't internet savvy I really didn't
see interest in it for me but um now I
do alright we snapchat right that goes
out instantly it's going on this fez
magazine right here we here will go hard
boys it's going down you see this soon
horny the back pages of feds have long
been dedicated to sweets girls
antwon's take on playboy bunnies and
hustler honeys shelter bikers I know a
couple people out there they told me
that they all read this whatever could
fulfill a man's fantasy while he's going
through his bid and he's you know in a
 up place in his life if I could
help you bust that nut then I'm happy
for ya
seriously I think installed that they
use real women because at the end of the
day we are in the night life and we see
people come in and out these guys that
come in the strip club like yo I gotta
turn myself in tomorrow so we know what
it is like you know what I'm saying we
deal with these people we know them and
I think it's dope that we're able to
just be like you know here you're
welcome
you know it's a hard place you don't let
me sit in there waiting home in garden
you know everyone wants to read
something hard you know or sexy you know
so I knew I had to incorporate that
heart of the sweets no modeling company
would cover them nobody would give them
a position for anything that had to do
with any fashion and I gave my pages to
them all so fence is a part of the
culture fences a part of community
anybody said everything that goes on and
a lower class and poor environment I
gave people a voice when they didn't
have a voice I believe in the people
that was not believable
you know I stayed in their ghetto and I
wrote about the gutter when I no longer
had to write about together 20 years
from okay yeah this look like this like
mean edition right here man I started to
get a little nervous because you know
I'm dealing with gangsters I'm dealing
with real criminals you know these ain't
the wannabe guys he's the guys that did
it started getting threats from certain
inmates you know somebody gives you
 killed me but I take that
picture out of there but I shake that
 off why would I change it now it's
too late I'm chasing money and I got a
real dream I may be feds main focus but
Antwon believes the magazine can
actually help keep its audience out of
the criminal justice system by
encouraging something that has been
shown to lower incarceration rates
reading and literacy all people were not
reading from 25 to 45 we were not
reading anything when I came out with
feds magazine I busted door wide open
because now I had something they wanted
to be some people's gonna take caution
from it some people's gonna take glory
from it
