one of the most important decisions the
Democrats will have to make in the Trump
era is who will lead their party
Minnesota congressman keith Ellison has
put himself forward he's one of the most
vocal progressives on the hill
he backed Bernie Sanders in the primary
and he's tussled with the Democratic
establishment more than once during his
career now he wants to lead that
establishment and help remake it in a
more progressive image Evan McMorris
Santoro met up with Ellison today in
Washington keith Ellison knows his way
around Capitol Hill who is elected to
Congress ten years ago and has become a
leading voice in the left but he's still
not really seen as an insider over
coffee near the Capitol I started off by
asking Allison the question so many
Bernie's reporters have been asking for
the past seven days so is it as simple
as Bernie's a nominee and you win the
presidency you can't know that it's
unknowable so I mean it's a complicated
thing but I tell you that it does cause
for soul-searching and i'ma tell you why
it should never have been this close I
mean Donald Trump is the single worst
person ever to win the nomination of a
major party when I say bad person I mean
like you know every sexist thing he said
every racist thing he said was just
deplore
well you know deplorable plight frankly
now I don't say that about his
supporters but I say it about about the
way he campaigned in this election
everybody's kind of hoping that he can't
pain one way and it's gonna govern
another we will see so secretary
Clinton's mistakes were what I'm not
here to talk about what she should have
done it's not gonna be your job though
mistakes were if you in this office its
DNC chair isn't that kind of your job
I'm trying to do addition and
multiplication not subtraction and
division right I'm sure we'll have some
talks about what could have gone
differently and but even that is
speculation as to whether it would have
worked what kind of changes do you want
to make it a place just people who were
really passionate about Bernie
really think the DNC was that quit of
what rig system right well let me tell
you there's no question that reform is
in the air and I'm gonna be a advocate
of it and one of the most important
things that needs to happen is to
restore people's faith in that system
there's gonna have to be some sort of
reform with the super delicate situation
and what I mean by that is but I don't
want to sit here and say this is what it
will be because again I'm here to listen
to the what the people want and come to
a consensus I think the way that we fund
the DNC we've kind of come to some real
conclusions about that I think one thing
for sure Bernie Sanders proved that the
people will fund the the political
movements that they believe in and so I
think that we've really got a look at
how we fund the DNC and make sure that
it is really paid for by you know the
people
Ellison isn't the only candidate and
they're running for DNC chair but as bit
as attracted big-name support and also
some detractors in a week where
Democrats feel like they lost their
white working-class base Ellison's been
asked repeatedly if a black practicing
Muslim is the right person to get that
base back well here's the thing about
people you know my district is 75% white
and I can tell you that I get elected
70% of the vote why is that because I
think if you look someone in the eye and
you listen to them and show them you
respect them then they they get that
right they that that being something to
them so Dems don't need to just go find
every sort of loud white guy they can be
everywhere don't win bigoted Donald
Trump right we didn't perform as well
for Latinos or or african-americans so
this idea that it's just the white
working-class I think it's a misnomer
Obama won Iowa it wasn't all black
voters you know I mean white people
voted for Obama two times in a row so
that other GOP decided no to everything
right right
should Democrats repeat that strategy
against Trump I think the best way to be
successful is to be who you are
Democrats are in politics because we
want to do good for people I mean at the
end of the day I don't I don't believe
mimicking Republican tactics is the
right thing for Democrats to do but
being who we are fighting for of the
people we care about is going to be good
enough so like all over America today
there's folks pouring coffee as servers
around
Taron stares folks going to steel mills
not nearly enough of them in my opinion
there's folks doing all kinds of jobs
who's fighting for them and do they know
that we're fighting for them
you
