on Election Day voters in four states
legalized marijuana for recreational use
medical marijuana was already legal in
California but the passage of
Proposition 64 means that the state is
now poised to become the world's largest
legal weed marketplace but that
marketplace has rules
Dexter Thomas went to find out who wins
and who loses this is what corporate
marijuana looks like in California Steve
DeAngelo founded Harborside Health
Center in Oakland ten years ago it now
claims to be the largest medical
marijuana dispensary in the country so
was legalization in California a victory
for you then legalization in California
is not just a victory for me it is in
many ways the culmination of my life's
work I've been working to to achieve
this really for 40 years
that victory includes entry into a
market that's estimated to be worth more
than 7 billion taxable dollars by the
year 2020 under California's medical
marijuana laws Harborside has to be a
nonprofit organization and we typically
have 30 or 40 in anticipation of last
week's change in the laws diangelo
established a private holding company
last year to raise money from investors
he plans the role Harborside into that
for-profit company once the state writes
new legal marijuana laws we met him at a
farm he's building south of San
Francisco so how big is your operation
right now
so the Harborside organization has about
200 full-time employees right now we
have three retail dispensaries we have
an agricultural campus and we have an
industrial campus so we've grown quite a
bit
since the days when we were completely
illegal and underground so how much
revenue you bring in right now well our
previous 12 months was 39 million
dollars but that was before we really
had our cultivation or
our manufacturing in place so we
anticipated to grow very substantially
over the course of the next few years
hopefully when we sit down again we'll
have 500 employees who have well-paying
jobs with great benefits instead of 200
eventually we will have a national
interstate market for cannabis and when
that happens we want to make sure that
we've got the best brands and the best
products to introduce to the rest of the
country in the rest of the world
California's new law is also intended to
drive others out of the market entirely
in the Sierra Foothills north of
Sacramento we met a grower who goes by
the name trip he agreed to do this
interview only if he could wear a
disguise instead of joining the state
approved medical marijuana industry trip
stayed in California's black market
which supplies an estimated 70 percent
of America's weed and now with full
legalization he's stuck on the outside
looking in locked out of the market and
still worried about getting busted we
currently have two farms left out of
three this year one of them got got
raided by the local sheriff's and
eradicated what's your big is concerned
about Prop 60 for a large corporation
coming in people that have backgrounds
in the agriculture industry or the
tobacco industry you're worried about
big cannabis coming in and just
monopolizing the entire business right
that's my biggest concern why don't you
just become big cannabis well I don't
believe that I can do to a felony
possession with intent to distribute
marijuana conviction I don't think I'm
allowed to to apply for a license in
fact under the law that voters approved
state regulators can deny a license to
anyone who has a prior felony marijuana
conviction in states other than
California trip plans that keep selling
on the underground market can make his
money while he can he's already getting
squeezed out when I first got involved
the industry it was very lucrative to
transport from the west coast to the
east coast we would see quite a return
in our investment you know we could
maybe buy pounds back then for $2,200
and sell them on the East Coast for
forty four hundred dollars on wholesale
deals
the profit has has diminished because of
the market has gone down marijuana is
still federally illegal and businessman
like Steve DeAngelo also face legal
scrutiny he won a court fight with the
Department of Justice in May but he's
still fighting a legal battle with the
IRS so what opportunities exist now that
marijuana does not have to be in his
underground economy well California's
legal cannabis industry now has room to
grow and the sixth the largest economy
in the world and that's a really
important thing for us because
eventually California is going to want
to claim its share of the national and
the international cannabis market so
we're looking at the creation of a
vastly rich new industry in California
something that will be without question
the largest cash crop in the state but
also eventually could rival Hollywood in
Silicon Valley as a major driver of
California's growth
you
