in 1994 Congress passed the federal
assault weapons ban which outlawed the
sale or ownership of semi automatics
including ak-47s and Colt ar-15s a
detailed list made more than a hundred
other specific makes and models illegal
and the law also banned any copycat
firearms that might be produced in the
future the federal ban expired in 2004
seven states and Washington DC still
have their own assault weapons bans some
modeled on the original federal law
Massachusetts is one of them
correspondent Caroline Mata receipt
irani reports on how the State Attorney
General has taken a fresh look at the
law and how the gun lobby is responding
one of the things we've heard from the
gun lobby year after year is we don't
need more gun laws we don't need more
regulations just enforce the laws that
are on the books that's what I did in
Massachusetts
this past June after the mass shooting
at the pulse nightclub in Orlando
Massachusetts attorney general Maura
Healey took a look at how her state's
assault weapons ban was being enforced
she says in the 18 years since the law
was passed gun makers have been taking
advantage of the loose way that copycat
assault weapons were defined my office's
actions today will give us the full
protection of the state assault weapons
ban to do what it was intended to do so
on July 20th she sent out an enforcement
notice a guidance to the public
introducing two tests to define what a
copy or duplicate is the first is a
similarity test looking at whether a
weapons functional part are
substantially similar to a banned guns
the second is an interchange ability
test looking at whether a guns frame its
receiver has two or more components of a
frame on a banned weapon our law
contains a list of weapons that are
assault weapons and it also talks about
some of the features that constitute an
assault weapon so we have identified
what it means to be an assault weapon
president the problem is gun groups and
law makers never agreed on exactly what
an assault weapon was much less a
copycat the term assault weapon in 1994
suddenly appeared on you know in the
dictionary Gunners had no idea what the
heck they were talking about and that
was the greatest irony was the general
public thought that assault weapons were
machine guns and the irony was under the
federal law if you had the right
licenses you could own the machine gun
but you could not own the semi-automatic
version after the AG's sent out her
notice in July some gun store owners
like Richard money on say they felt left
in the dark about what exactly they
could and couldn't sell we were
absolutely in a panic when this happened
as to far as our inventory I said what
happened when you found that because it
was so ambiguous we didn't know what was
coming down the line we just told them
basically through the grapevine to cease
and desist on sales of a Fe
Dean type rifles with their guns here
before that now all we had we had quite
a few a hours in inventory they all went
on Wednesday people came in to buy them
oh absolutely we were getting phone
calls it was insane the AG's office say
they fielded about 100 calls in the
first couple of weeks after the ban was
announced to clarify what guns were
legal and what guns weren't we're saying
that the law applies those are copies
and duplicates and we're going to
enforce the law with respect to to the
sales of those copies and duplicates as
well but the AG's office hasn't put out
a definitive list of banned copycat
weapons just the two-step test of
attributes that new guns might have that
could be considered illegal and gun
store owners feel like they're left to
gas or what's okay to sell but from the
Attorney General's point of view making
that list of banned guns public would
mean going back to the same cat and
mouse game that law makers and gun
manufacturers have been playing for
years where manufacturers would create
new versions of banned guns to evade the
law I think in her political mind
it's a much more powerful political tool
to have the threat of prosecution over a
couple hundred thousand people than it
is to actually prosecute somebody we
make clear at the outset first of all
that we were not going to go after
individuals who purchase these assault
weapons in good faith prior to our
announcement we are not going to be
rounding people off and we're not taking
my gun right guns away we're not going
after two people we are really focused
on sales right now in the gun dealers
but is the AG clarifying the law or
changing the law that question is now
the subject of the lawsuit for gun
stores in the state and the national
sports shooting foundation have filed
suit against the Attorney General saying
the enforcement notice she issued is
unconstitutionally vague invalid and
unenforceable he remains undeterred and
legal challenges to other states assault
weapons bans have all failed the good
news is that gun dealers have complied
almost overnight sales of these weapons
have stopped sales have dropped because
you threatened families with 10 years in
prison
so if you come out tomorrow and say
anybody who buys a coffee over 10 ounces
may be subject to 10 years in prison
guess what coffee's over 10 ounces are
suddenly going to stop being sold until
people figure out what they can legally
do
