by nature diplomats are discreet
uncontroversial and often boring but
rufus gifford the US ambassador to
Denmark is none of those things
he's a reality TV star an LGBT advocate
and a huge cultural influence in its
adoptive country since Gifford is
appointed in 2013 he's made it his
mission to change how people around the
world view American politics and he's
doing it with his own brand of celebrity
hind' hassan went to meet him
as what the crab working here he's known
as the rock style diplomat the US
ambassador to Denmark's popularity
soared when he starred in his own
reality TV show the best job in the
world
the only way you can really explain them
to people is by living
I am the ambassador ran for two seasons
and was a rating smash his regular
townhall meetings like this one in
Aarhus are always packed out I get
stopped on the street wherever I go and
people will point at me and say what the
hell are you doing what's what the
hell's going on in the United States
politically I actually want to bring a
mirror to the Europeans who asked me
this question because I think the same
things that are happening in the United
States are happening right here as well
you can ask average people in their
marginal they will know the American
investment but they will not know any
other name of any investor in their work
that's because an ambassador's work
usually takes place behind closed doors
but with Rufus everyone wants a photo
wants to chat with him he's also
published a cookbook and his biography
is the bestseller the way back to
Copenhagen the Ambassador explains why
he's made such an effort to move away
from the traditional image of a stuffy
diplomat so I travel around the country
an attempt to try to figure out sort of
how the Danes viewed the US mission in
Copenhagen how they looked at the US
Embassy you know there was the sense
that we would play golf during the day
and go to cocktail parties at night my
goal in doing the kind of outreach that
I do is to humanize the US government
somehow to make to make what is
dramatically unsexy a little bit sexier
to a fraction people I I love Justin
Timberlake as much as the next guy but I
don't know that I could I could actually
how did you go from being a diplomat to
taking part in a reality TV show first
of all we call it a documentary series
not a reality reality no truly only it's
because they think it is I mean
ultimately it is in essence a reality
show but it's off it's like no it said
I've never not I've never seen an
episode of the Kardashians or the Real
Housewives actually so I tried to
distinguish myself from that brand more
than anything but ultimately said that
you know unless you take some of these
enormous risks in your life and for
career you can't get anywhere Rufus
never got official State Department
approval for the show despite the fact
that the cameras followed him everywhere
even to his home the ambassador's
official residence he shares it with his
husband Steven who we married in one of
the most popular episodes last year in
its they show off a personal
congratulatory note from President
Barack Obama the US president pointed
Rufus three years ago as a thank you for
helping to raise millions of dollars
during his bid for second term as
president and then he said your ties a
little crooked the Ambassador is eager
to show how he connects with young
people so he took us to an event called
game here he's joined Danish and migrant
children for a game of dodgeball with
the aim of bringing communities together
but all anyone wants to know about as
the US election I'm not allowed to say
actually isn't that crazy
