Hillary Clinton hoped to break what she
often calls the highest glass ceiling
she fell short in her concession speech
on Wednesday she expressed hope that
someone else might do it soon but
history suggests that it might be a long
time coming where one woman paves the
way voters usually aren't quick to elect
another jeannette rankin of montana the
first female representative in Congress
was elected in 1917 but Montana didn't
elect a woman to the house again until
1941 and it was Rankin back for an
encore Rebekah Latimer Felton of Georgia
was America's first female senator she
was appointed in 1922 after the sitting
senator died in office she served for
just 24 hours while the Senate was in
session nine years later
Hattie caraway of Arkansas became the
first woman elected to the Senate in her
own right but 60 more years passed
before Arkansas elected its next female
senator in 1999 in total there have been
two hundred and fifty six women
representatives 46 senators and just 38
governor's five states still have an
elected affected a female senator and 23
have never elected a female governor but
female candidates did make progress in
this election a record number of women
ran for office and 89 of them won races
across the country America now has its
first Latina senator its second black
female senator and its first openly LGBT
governor
you
