we're going to pivot to ballot
initiative so I don't know if you know
this but a record number of marijuana
ballot initiatives are going to be voted
on this year and vice news tonight took
a look at some of them on november eight
voters and five states will decide
whether or not to make recreational pot
legal and polls suggest that all five
states could vote yes nationwide weed
advocates have outspent prohibitionists
more than three two one but spending was
closer to equal in Arizona a
historically right leading state now
teetering towards the left the donors
for and against legalization there are
about who you think they would be among
the top pro-legalization donors are a
national marijuana group a medical
marijuana dispensary and a libertarian
tech investor from California and among
the top anti-marijuana donors are
conservative local billionaire estate
business association and insist
therapeutics a major manufacturer of
fentanyl a synthetic opioid linked to
mass overdoses across the country now
the company has also invested millions
developing a synthetic competitor to the
medical marijuana people would grow at
home if the proposition passes but it's
not just legal drug suppliers who could
lose out if we dancers the legitimate
economy in California by far the largest
producer of black market marijuana in
the country only thirty one percent of
growers poll support the proposition to
legalize fearing big business and high
taxes could wipe out mom-and-pop
operations across the state
and with me to talk more about that as
vice news as you as editor Keegan
Hamilton hey Keegan how you doing great
how are you I'm doing well how are you
this election day fantastic yeah for
that hip so far let's get don't say it
what are you doing knocking on with
cursing us now okay all right let's talk
let's talk some weed so in terms of the
the landscape and the number of
initiatives so we said record number
what does the landscape look like for
for weed enthusiasm people who want to
know about medicinal awara wanna as well
so it's a huge year so far there are
five states voting on ballot initiatives
to legalize marijuana sales to adults 21
and over the biggest of those is
California which is a huge economy and
for the first time there's East Coast
states Massachusetts and Maine are both
voting on those types of initiatives for
other states are voting either to enact
new medical marijuana laws or expand
them so all together we've got something
like 82 million Americans living in
states that are voting on marijuana was
awesome yeah and it's a significant
portion so what drives the state to kind
of put an initiative like the one that's
on the on the ballot for example in in
Florida on the on the ballot like what
prompts our state what problems of
people to do that so Florida is voting
one of the states is voting on medical
marijuana they've voted on medical
marijuana in the past and voted it down
this proposals a little bit different
and there's a I mean there's a
grassroots movement where people are
seeing other states they're seeing your
research they're seeing anecdotal
evidence of how helpful this can be two
people with debilitating conditions to
kids in some cases so there's a it's I
think a really a vote it's perfect for
ballot initiatives because it's leading
it to the voters to decide whether this
is something that wants to be done and
in terms of recreational marijuana so
obviously you know Colorado Washington
State we've seen a kind of ground swell
on a shift in the last few years of
those states actually legalizing
recreational marijuana has that then had
the Domino effects that some people
hoped maybe that it would have I think
we're about to find out this election
whether or not it has a domino effect I
mean Colorado and Washington were the
first two states that started it Oregon
and Alaska followed suit and Washington
DC and a lot of people have been
watching those states and the sky hasn't
fallen a lot of the dire predictions
about the negative side effects haven't
come true they've seen a lot of tax
revenue a lot of the promised benefits
and I think voters are going to be
looking to what happened in those states
when they decide today whether or not to
vote for marijuana so let's talk about
Colorado for a second because Pueblo in
Colorado is kind of an anomaly so tell
us why so Pueblo is an eastern Colorado
they've had anecdotally a lot of
problems with the black market there
right there close to Nebraska and Kansas
and they've been getting people who are
driving in from out of state potentially
trying to buy weed and taking across
state lines which is still illegal
federally right the local law
enforcement has been opposed to
legalization and now there's and some
community groups as well so now there's
a decision as to whether or not they're
going to withdraw from legalization
interesting when we actually have a
guest that we're going to be coming to
you right now Sean Hanukkah who's the
CEO of Yeti farms and he actually is a
business owner in Pueblo Colorado hey
Sean how's it going you're a great thank
you good all right so you know you've
just been hearing what Keegan's been
saying give us the landscape because
everybody knows like Colorado you know
historically 2012 past this legalization
bill it's been in effect for the last
two years and yet in Pueblo people want
to change that what's going on well
what's really happened down there is we
have both medical and recreational
marijuana markets down there and they're
both varieties doing great whoever
happens to be in agricultural
communities so cultivation is huge
within their history and it's helping
out with marijuana future what it really
comes down to is a few predominant
families and town decided that they no
longer wanted recreational marijuana put
together about initiative collected some
funding from some different places that
they're not being totally transparent
about but regardless of that they
collected funding to put together about
an issue with enough signatures to get
it actually on the ballot and today is a
huge day for myself and a ton of my
colleagues in Pueblo Colorado they could
possibly shut down the recreational
market within 12 months we would all
have to shut down our recreational
businesses this includes dispensaries
cultivation and marijuana use product
businesses leaving us only with the
medical market and the hip
okay which will absolutely make no it's
because they can simply travel to
another County or another city and pick
up the recreational marijuana and come
straight back to Pueblo sorry how
worried are you this is actually kind of
going to happen that you know by the end
of today you might have to reconsider
how you're going to conduct business
after 12 months well we have planned be
in effect of course we're just going to
have to split our businesses and medical
recommendation will go to another town
and start a business there they're
welcoming us more towns that are a lot
more open to what we're doing of course
but when this all started it made my
ulcer go from the size of a nickel to
the seismic quarter but to be honest
back down without sides to nickel but
I'm talking to local people staying
applying it work with businesses and
I've only had one opposition probably
the 35 different people I've spoken
everybody understands what a huge
economic firmness is for pueblo which
has been struggling since the steel has
left in the 80s and 90s and move out of
the country so we're doing our best to
put a professional face on this we're
recognized all over the world has become
in capital for cannabis for the entire
so we're trying to keep our fingers
crossed and everybody we know the police
get out the vote and support does much
yeah sure we'll listen appreciate you
taking the time and what's like
obviously a hectic day for you guys as
well thanks so much mate thanks they
love you ty appreciate it that's
interesting key I mean like so explain
obviously you know we didn't get into
too many of the details about the kind
of money that will be funding the sort
of initiative but you know again why
would a certain county or a certain town
actually rally together in this way
particularly after it's been in effect
for the last two years right i mean the
there is a tax benefit into local
counties in this but people are
conservatives in particular and law
enforcement still sees this as something
that causes crime that brings crime
whether or not that as a result of
legalization in colorado or the fact
that it remains illegal in the
neighboring states i think a lot of
people who are probably pro-legalization
would say that the solution is ending
prohibition nationwide to solve some of
the problems that what was interesting
and you know and a vote cast her out she
told us earlier ken was mentioning about
some of the data they're getting out of
Colorado which is that if the Millennial
vote that sort of 18 to 24
the numbers actually a lower than one
might expect in terms of turnout
obviously there is still about twenty
percent of the term out still to come
but based on early voting about eighty
percent early voting that we've already
got from Colorado it looks like that 18
to 24 year old bracket is actually a
lower turnout that may be expected and
obviously as a bracket woman expect
might be a little bit more amenable to
to a marijuana initiative and wanted
perhaps kill this kind of amendment
absolutely all the polling just recently
in lead-up to the election there were
two poles that showed overwhelming
support for marijuana legalization among
Millennials like seventy-seven percent
significant support so if it doesn't
happen this year perhaps as we go the
next election and the election after
that and those voters get a little bit
older and their turnout increases I
think we can see and expects marijuana
to be legal eventually all right so
that's Hannah you mentioned Florida a
little bit but let's turn our attention
to Florida so what's going on down in
the Panhandle so Florida is a state that
has historically had some of the most
strict marijuana laws in the US along
with a lot of the deep south they've
like I said earlier they voted against
marijuana in the medical marijuana in
the past and now they've is back on the
ballot and they're reconsidering whether
or not to allow pretty limited medical
marijuana market for people with
legitimate conditions and there's a
pretty aggressive ad campaign going on
down in Florida I don't know if we've
got one of the ads to show you do we
have one of the ads to show everybody I
don't think we do we don't have one of
the ads but you can check it out because
there is a pretty aggressive ad campaign
going on down in Florida to try and kill
this proposed medical marijuana
initiative but for a lot of families
they say it would be an absolute game
changer if they had access to this and
for more on that we're actually going to
bring in Mariah Barnhart who's the CEO
of kanna moms so Mariah I don't know if
you're with us can you hear us waiting
on getting Raya hey Mariah can you hear
us all right we're going to try it and
get Mariah with us can you hear us now
Maria how you doing great thank you how
are you good good thanks for being with
us so talk to us a little bit about this
initiative that's happening down in
flora
and why it matters to you well my
daughter's been on campus for the
majority of three and a half year with
brain cancer in two thousand years I'm
to be off and make a lot of fun please
sir operating it Institute check it out
better Mariah I'm just gonna stop you
for a second we've got we've got a
little problem with your audio I might
your headphones don't do me a favor you
want to take out the headphones and
let's see if that's any better all right
let's pull out the plug on let's see if
we can hear you any better without the
headphones because it might be the
headphones that are screwing us over
near me back I can hear a lot better now
yeah thank you all right do you want to
try that again there so just in terms of
your daughter obviously I know this is
really important to you because of her
so tell us about her story and we're
actually back Hey ah especially in in a
room you a gift in half your senses are
you Ryan Mariah mad I'm sorry we're
having some serious issues with your
audio we want we're gonna try and we're
gonna listen we're gonna hang up now
we're going to try and sort it out our
controls going to give you a call
because we know your daughter there in
Tennessee right now they're from Florida
they're actually insolent Jude's
Hospital and Tennessee and so we so
appreciate you taking the time but we're
gonna hang up we're going to try it and
get you on the phone and we'll come back
to you in a little bit because you
really want to hear your story Yeah
right alright so we did get here from
where I bit keygen I mean just kind of
going into it a little bit in terms of
the kind of battles that are going on
when people think about pot legalization
of pot in America you know they may
think of like the stoner they think of
like the college bra but this is the
other face inside of it isn't it
absolutely and that's that's been a drum
really dramatic change for the last 10
to 15 years and going from that
stereotypical stoner culture to a lot of
people seeing this as just regular
medicine that people like really really
want to get and are going to great
lengths like she's driving from Florida
to Tennessee to get what she believes is
the only met
and they can help her daughter making it
legal in a state making it so she
doesn't have to do that drive it seems
like a common sense thing to a lot of
people these days yeah absolutely well
hopefully we'll get you back when we add
Mariah back and her daughter as well but
thanks Keegan
