Donald Trump hasn't been able to
persuade many of America's top
conservatives to come out in support of
him but in the UK he's got a loud and
powerful supporter Nigel Farage head of
the UK Independence Party and the man
behind the brexit vote in June Farage is
flamboyant and gleefully unpeaceful at
out racist sound familiar Ben Ferguson
met up with Farage in London to talk
about the American election well tell
you what the world be a safer place for
trumpet is with Hillary she is an avid
interventionist and in not not not just
America but us too I genuinely think
we've made the world a less safe place
by our recent interventions what did you
see in Brixen that we're seeing in the
US elections quite a lot actually well
thank you a good evening this is epic I
went over in all this to Mississippi to
tell the brexit story and I think the
Trump campaign is bringing in people
you've never voted in their lives the
problem he's got is he's also losing
people whose big Republican staff at
night and you know working at the
balance of that well we'll know tomorrow
if Trump doesn't win what do you think
will happen I think if we're frank about
it Trump isn't really a Republican
candidate I mean almost nobody of the
Republican hierarchy is supposing it
it's a it's a political movement I think
the hopes that he's put in the hearts of
a lot of people who felt very
disenfranchised that's not going to go
away and there'll be a battle if the
trumpets don't take it over that I I
think actually it may be genuinely
possible that we had a serious third
party in American poet
Oh
