the bloody battle to retake the city of
Mosul has entered its third week and
after intense fighting along the Eastern
Front coalition forces are closing in
around Isis fighters inside the city
over the weekend a rocky Shia militias
reinforce their numbers along the
western front sealing off the last
escape route for Isis fighters trying to
retreat to Rocco their main stronghold
in Syria in the next phase of the
offensive coalition forces will have to
dig in for house-to-house fighting and
the city riddled with tunnels and rigged
with IEDs said Walker was with Kurdish
forces as they pushed towards the Isis
held town of mashiki just miles from the
front and Mosel near the town of ashika
to the eastern side of Mosul commander
Nijat Abdullah is sending his men in to
clear buildings of Isis he tells me the
progress they've made so far has been
painstaking cattle modesto a week a
complete residencia but she could do
salad - personally yogurts the way he
saw a record by maggot the pounds of
ways or succumb to
Dragonic is after a waltz over it's a
tense journey the convoy comes under
fire as we pass some of the houses
the soldiers say they've located an Isis
bait so this is an area that Isis held
until very recently these guys are just
coming into liberated I want to show us
something they found in the house
the fight has abandoned their positions
here just moments ago leaving weapons
and even documents behind this badges
from their - Hannibal cipher that
picture for the hem the white piece of
paper is a stamped permission slip for
this fighter to go on a two-month break
yeah they go on vacation yeah that paper
from the baggage application inside the
house there's something else yes sir
they escaped yes
did you find any anybody I know looking
if you didn't look so maybe they're
looking no problem I can buy you
but just as we find another entrance to
the tunnel
had a huge explosion I'm going to go and
head outside now that this is obviously
still a pretty active area
it's an AED detonated just outside the
walls of this house the soldiers say
Isis is closed Israel
okay so these guys are going into the
tunnel now they haven't actually cleared
this area in so it's a valium with gun
drawn and rock but the tunnel twists and
turns and suddenly we stop baby oxygen
electric wires are everywhere we listen
for the sound of any activity okay so
there's gunfire coming from outside all
my today there's more firing above we go
looking for another exit and find one
next to the fight and sleeping area a
burger a cheeseburger pajamas on were
our even that that energy activities the
Vinayak Agoura on their way out the
soldiers take what captured equipment
they can it's taken them all afternoon
and they've cleared just a few houses as
the convoy leaves with none of the
fighters killed or captured there's
always a risk they'll come back
you
