in the months that have passed since San
Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin
Kaepernick first knelt for the national
anthem young people around the country
have turned what was a national
controversy into a local one Jay caspian
kang went to one high school in berkeley
california as their football team
decided whether to join the protest
all of us kind of we're thinking about
as soon as we saw Kaepernick do it one
day we're like let's stand up with these
other teams with these others players
let's take it serious my grandfather was
a Hughie's a veteran kneeling for the
flag is kind of disrespectful to those
who you know risk their lives to you
know protect us and checked our rights
Berkeley High School has over 3,000
students and serves a diverse population
in one of America's most famously
liberal cities but it's football team is
made up almost entirely of black
students Berkeley has this reputation as
being this hyper liberal place very
progressive is that the reality here I'd
have to sort of disagree on that because
if you just look inside the school
system here at Berkeley high you'd see
the segregation and the racism that goes
on there was a noose that was hanging on
a tree and it was portrayed as a joke
that's my history that you're kind of
just disrespecting and just putting it
out there and it's not funny last year a
student left a racist threatening
message on a computer in the school's
library prompting more than half of the
student body to walk out of class this
year before a football game three
players decided to do something it was
me the Raja and Brandon he said let's
raise the face during the national
anthem and then we did it then a coach
told us to put our hands down why did
you tell them to put their fists down
mainly because I didn't want my players
to feel a backlash without making sure
that they were behind what they were
doing when team captains told coach
Johnson that they still wanted to
protest he called the meeting before
their next game to discuss what they're
going to do he let us film it alright so
we're here to talk about the protest I
just want you to have a reason behind
doing it I want you to be able to
articulate that reason behind it I
presented the idea of doing a protest of
where we all kneel down
and we lock arms together because if
we're kneeling down to stand up for
black oppression and police brutality
and with this lack of noise that show
that we're doing it as a team and were
united and what we're doing for me
personally there are these instances
where police murder people black people
and I feel like us as a school who has
gone on protests and walked out of class
on multiple occasions to protest things
just like this this has given us another
platform to show how we feel personal
experiences that I've been through we
get pulled over by the police is not
just one cop car but it's about four or
five cop cars pulling us over and my
friends so scared you just throw his
hands up like the police duty is to
protect and serve and if you feel like
they're not doing that then you need to
speak up right now it might not be a
bunch of people that agree where
everything we saying you're not I mean
because flag mean a lot a lot of people
and we could seem like we being
disrespectful or so many ways to
somebody else who don't see it in our
perspective my dad was a veteran he
served to protect us not to fly it is
the flattest cloth you know I mean it's
what the flag represented and it's what
us as a group as America represents and
then someone that's not being
represented right I feel like we got to
say something about it and that's why I
like I'm not a Kaepernick fan I'm a
Ritter fan of course I like him a whole
lot of respect for him because I feel
like that's something that we have to do
we Berkeley high you don't care about
the scrutiny we go okay we don't care
about what other people say about this
we want to care about what we think the
country should represent pretty much I
feel like it's nothing left to do so I
feel like this right here is a chance
for me to personally protest against you
know the system and actually make a
difference so I feel like if we could
all do it together
somebody else might notice and like I
just feel that like this could be big
for us the fact that I was even like
debating not doing for you
you know not me leaf you know right your
rights to life and my device so that had
the same privilege I said I got you know
how much my say I'm sorry do you know
thinking like that
I'm Anil which all because I loved one
if I lost any of y'all I would be
devastated
and you know I'm supports honor to say
you guys are everything that I thought
you were I mean I really believe that I
mean I just love you guys for the way
you're speaking up the way you're
expressing yourselves the way that it's
been thought out by you as long as I
feel that you're doing the right thing
and it's something that you want to do
and I feel is right I support you guys
do you think it's possible for a coach
now in a city like this to just sort of
try and block out the outside world and
proceed as if things like black lives
matter
these police shootings aren't happening
I I think in a school with the cultural
mix that we have there's no way you can
do it
and so you better be prepared to deal
with it because it's going to hit you
every single day
I know like the protest isn't gonna end
police brutality I know it isn't gonna
you know stop a black mare from being
shocked or followed or a beating but I
feel like it will bring a lot more
awareness to it
