coalition troops are making progress in
the battle for Mosul but as Isis
retreats they've been setting fire to
oil wells and the toxic smoke from those
fires is poisoning civilians the smoke
is so thick that it's clearly visible
from space hind' Hasan reports from
Chiara
on the new health crisis in northern
Iraq before being pushed out of this
town
Isis set fire to Chiara soil wells a
scorched earth tactics to obscure views
of coalition planes in the run-up to the
Mosul offensive Mohannad abdul-jabbar
lives with his five children next to her
house Isis fighters occupied he saw them
set the crude oil alight just outside
his gate slots for Jenna
they've been breathing in the smoke for
two months your children covered inserts
you must be worried about their future
and their health tough little work
Justin - hello work Justin I said I
would join with Joseph Marco Girard Paco
Muhammadu I had fun
oh what a douche dozen you can see the
main hospital from Muhammad's house it
was heavily damaged in fighting
now the only treatments available to
those affected by the fires is that this
bear clinic where everything is stained
black over 1,000 people have been
treated for exposure to poisonous smoke
from the burning oil wells and sulphur
stocks that Isis also set ablaze dr.
Abdul Salam Ali Ahmed manages the
under-resourced clinic
a'dreea hardian father your father of
Hylian mattad net ID we at calf unit
mr. machine alarm right now you are
doing it with a little egg you know
that's a little more the smoke can be
seen from miles away
it turns daytime in tonight the UN told
vice news millions of civilians have
been exposed to the toxic soot and gas
calling it a recipe for prolonged
disaster locals here say they're
frustrated at the lack of government
help until gobble china ads come - Yanni
Alice Tina it's hard to become a
monopoly and Hakuna Matata - not a fire
bomb law applicable law an infidel I'll
give an era journey service Saturday
Danny Herman become a lobbyist we'd do a
lot publish everything the short-term
effects are already clear coughing is
heard everywhere in ke arah and many
babies are a sickly gray color
Highlander up AB naraba min-jung riff
tell us even Bathsheba go out crow
moonwalk and Watson okay I see what s
with your knee I wish you had it Nick it
wouldn't - sure - we spoke to around a
dozen families all described the same
health issues they say leaving Chiara
isn't an option they don't want to end
up in camps and they can't afford new
homes in safer areas for now children
play beneath the plumes of smoke which
contain dangerous particles of carbon
monoxide sulfur dioxide and drops of
unburned oil that can lodge deep inside
the lungs
with them iraq's oil ministry told vice
news they're doing everything they can
to put the fires out but said it's a
difficult task that will take time for
now the fires are still burning and the
crisis is only expected to get worse
