tonight none of it makes sense it
doesn't burn just a certain thing it
takes what it wants what's your favorite
Amendment the First Amendment fella very
texas Andrews the Second Amendment down
here half of the people here packing
anyway I can eat the fish from Onondaga
like I can't
the first generic version of the EpiPen
has been given the go-ahead by the FDA
Tefo pharmaceuticals hasn't said how
much it'll cost or when it'll be in
pharmacies but its version will compete
with my land which has been criticized
for raising the EpiPens price more than
400% over the last decade turkish
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's threat
to boycott American electronics in
response to US sanctions is just empty
talk so far but some of his loyal
supporters are already acting filming
themselves destroying iPhones
chief executives at the top 350 American
companies earned 312 times as much as
their average worker last year in 40
years CEO pay has gone up 979 percent
compared to just over 11 percent for
workers the first day of jury
deliberations and Paul mana forts trial
ended without a verdict but we did get
the answer to a less important question
why manna fort hasn't been wearing socks
in court his spokesman says he doesn't
want to wear white government issued
socks and that he isn't allowed to wear
anything else
this is left you can hear the
helicopters looks like hell yeah it's
hot
so hot it's a feel of coming on yeah you
get to be able to heat just radiating
off of everything so what was that like
it was intimidating it was scary
honestly I didn't expect their house to
be standing so I'd kind of heard myself
her it not being standing there but her
house is still standing
so our trash cans Melton Taylor
Strickland her husband and two daughters
and then our side of our house is
bubbled found even the Wi-Fi was working
when they returned home 17 days after
evacuating what has become known as the
car fire this all burnt um and then the
house is over there the fire has killed
eight people and destroyed more than a
thousand homes across two hundred
thousand acres including some on Taylor
Street in Redding California you guys
are looking out your front window and
you just see what used to be your
neighbor's house what's that like
super-emotional look at that every day
and it's just as sad to look at and to
know that they'll never be our neighbors
again you're just constantly reminded of
all of these families don't run homes
anymore it's a heartbreaking
none of it makes sense it doesn't blow
in a certain pattern it doesn't burn
just a certain thing it takes what it
wants when it wants and how it was and
there's nothing that anybody can do
about the Strickland's left their home
just before a tornado a fire ripped
through their neighborhood State Fire
officials say it was a thousand feet
wide with wind speeds up to 165 miles
per hour it never ceases to amaze me the
devastation that these communities go
through
unfortunately I've seen this level of
devastation throughout the state in the
last 10 to 12 years now
three weeks later hazmat crews picked
through what's left
it's a relatively huge undertaking it
will be a probably month to month and a
half long process before we complete our
portion of their first phase of work is
to clear out anything that could be
toxic both houses might have asbestos
melted fire detectors could produce low
levels of radioactivity and any
partially burned propane tanks could
combust start-time 1355 Ivan Rodriguez's
job is a tag that kind of stuff 6 9 8 1
and take it out before family return to
what's left these huge fires do
stretches then and knowing that there
are other fires that were going to be
mission tasks to do that is a concern at
this point
me casa su casa dan Davis lives across
the street from Taylor come up this way
to the front door sure he came home to
ash and bent metal the whole living room
and you know TV couches kitchen that's
the kitchen there yeah and you turn the
corner this was my daughter's room here
this was my son's room this is where
they grew up
oh yeah yeah they're 21 and be 19 in
about a week oh so you had the house
longer you've had the kids exactly this
we're alive and well it's old matters
four people died within a quarter of a
mile of here
they get a lot of grief I got grief but
nothing compared to losing a loved one
what are gonna miss most about this
place just the memories all the
stuff my kids had you know the little
things I make it that's what I miss most
we'll get that back
it's been three weeks since the
court-ordered deadline to reunify
parents and kids separated at the border
and we're still learning new information
about the actions the government took
the ACLU alleges that even after a
federal judge issued an injunction
ordering reunifications and stopping the
removal of parents without their kids
the government still went ahead and
deported 73 parents without letting them
know they had the option to reunify
before leaving the United States the
Department of Homeland Security told
vice news that these parents were given
the option to place their children with
sponsors but didn't respond to whether
parents were told they could stay in the
US and wait for reunification we will
really want to find out why those
parents were deported after the judge
saying that they needed to be reunified
with their children and had the right to
seek asylum because that toss was a
stunning fact that so many parents were
deported after the judge issued his
ruling that's why the ACLU and the
reunification steering committee they've
created with nonprofits and pro bono
lawyers is fighting to bring some of
those deported parents back to the US
the fundamental question is was their
removal unlawful because they were
misled or coerced or didn't have fair
Asylum hearings and also as importantly
do they need to be in the United States
to accompany their children through
Asylum proceedings so we believe the
court should allow these parents to come
back into the United States by whatever
technical means the government wants to
do it that's probably not going to
happen and if the ACL u--'s priority is
bringing parents back instead of just
sending kids to Central America that
fight is going to be harder and will
take more time which means the very
people trying to help reunify parents
and children may actually be dragging
the process out longer we are of course
balancing
the need to immediately reunite families
with the families long-term interest in
obtaining asylum or whatever rights
they're entitled to under our laws we
are not going to be making decisions on
how to balance those interests for the
parents the parents are going to be
making those decisions for themselves if
the family does not want to fight to
come back to the u.s. because it will
delay reunification that's of course
their choice that choice could come into
play for parents of the more than 300
children still in custody there are also
more than a hundred kids the government
is not currently trying to reunify at
all because of red flag warnings and
their parents background checks or
because their parents waived their right
to get them back this week the
government finally did provide phone
numbers for nearly all deported parents
to the steering committee the office of
refugee resettlement claims it's been in
contact with most of them but the ACLU
says the government has been sitting on
this information we've only recently
gotten those phone numbers we are now
seriously trying to call all those
numbers to reach the parents and to
figure out what their options are the
two sides will probably hash this out
further at a status conference tomorrow
with the judge who's hearing the ACL
u--'s larger lawsuit over the
constitutionality of family separation
these reunification issues are so
complicated that the judge hasn't even
gotten to the actual substance of the
lawsuit yet that won't happen until
September at the earliest
so let's take a look what's inside least
one of these things okay
show me what we got here from doing this
so I'm a new citizen and I get handed
one of these right so I have my pocket
Constitution that's the most important
thing what's your favorite Amendment the
First Amendment good answers well what
are we doing here I don't know it's not
a very texas answers the Second
Amendment down here half of the people
here packing anyway the El Paso
Republican Party has a tough gig trying
to keep the flame burning for Donald
Trump's party in a County that literally
hugs the southern border the president
and the GOP
are not popular here in 2016 Hillary
Clinton got 68% of the vote so local
Republicans have to be creative they try
to convince new Americans to join the
GOP minutes after they take the oath of
citizenship we're talking here for the
most part to Hispanics people the Latins
are naturally conservatives if you give
a Mexican a truck he's in business he's
hauling whatever it is you give the lady
a stove she's selling burritos out of
her out of her kitchen window they are
naturally entrepreneurs they are mostly
pro-life so this is what we try to
attack but I know she don't have like on
here like anything about immigration no
but when we're out here welcoming the
new citizens I think we're telling them
we welcome new citizens right I mean
we're the only ones that are out there
what's this this is the voter
registration card we once in a register
the first thing I get is like this is
the party's is about this is what we're
for and against the two different sides
and then I get ready sure to vote yes
sir sign right up yeah we want you to
register to vote volunteers prepare over
a thousand packets to hand out to new
citizens around two dozen volunteers
gather at the el paso Coliseum two away
to crowd of 947 new citizens hailing
from 49 different countries ladies and
gentlemen welcome to your ceremony
for these new citizens this is how it
works
you take the oath you walk outside Uncle
Sam
greets you with a packet that's actually
pro-republican literature
welcome to American citizenship the
Republicans aren't invited they just
show up sayin felicidades una capilla de
la constitución gracias señor una Copa
de la constitución felicidades since you
took the oath it's been about one hour
and you walk out and the Republican
Party has handed you this packet right
here that has information trying to make
you convince you to become a Republican
and I wonder what you think of that I
respect them I know so some of them but
at this time what might be a better way
for the Republican Party to try and
convince you to become a Republican well
maybe to change different policies that
they got have to change so that things
that the detention center that they got
interred me you know so maybe President
Trump kind of looms a little bit large
in this conversation maybe oh yeah yeah
Uncle Sam thing was a huge success
people love that but I didn't see
anybody tell anybody
hi I'm with their publican party I want
you to have this no we're just just
giving them out as fast as we can it's
not a little sneaky that you don't
mention that you're Republicans no I
mean it's obvious that everybody knows
we're Republicans here from the county
the people that we're handing these to
we give them the Constitution they see
it they don't like the fact that it's a
Republican they can throw it away but I
doubt they will because they're so proud
and excited about it we want people to
know that the Republican Party welcomes
legal immigrants you know aught of them
who are here at this thing are Mexican
Americans and a couple of them told me
you know if the Republicans want me to
join the Republican Party they don't
want to give I don't want a constitution
I want them to change what the
Republican Party says about Mexican
Americans well I hope that as they go
through this they're gonna start and
listen to what the Republican Party says
about immigration instead of what the
news says about him about immigration
because so often the impression is that
the Republican Party is an tiem know
where anti-illegal immigrant that's the
difference was it easier to talk to
people about becoming Republicans who
are mexican-americans before Trump oh
yeah yeah yeah because it wasn't so much
in the headlines like it is now now it's
just a headline so who the president is
right yeah because it's much more now in
the forefront when it was never that
much in the forefront before do you feel
like I am right to say that trying to
convince a bunch of people who just
became citizens from Mexico to become
Republicans is the hardest gig in
politics and 2018 I can't think of
anything harder but but we do it and we
enjoy it
this week India celebrated 71 years of
independence from Britain and the birth
of the world's largest democracy
but since 2012 the country has embraced
a not so democratic approach to
enforcing what it calls public safety
cutting off access to the Internet
it's a technique borrowed from Egypt's
crackdown on Arab Spring protesters who
relied on tweets and Facebook posts to
organize coordinate and strategize
against their government shutdowns
aren't the same as censorship for
instance China's government will block a
website or news on an entire topic for
years but India cuts off Internet access
for a whole region then reinstate sit
hours or days later India has blacked
out the internet more than any other
country since January 2016 updating
colonial era Telegraph and criminal laws
to apply to the internet this year the
government set a new record for black
heavens new trends of are quite visible
the first is the increase in the number
and the frequency of Internet shutdowns
and the second is these shutdowns seems
to be spreading from water States to
much more of mainland India it's
becoming a regular pool of
administrative practice the most
frequently targeted state is Jammu and
Kashmir with 37 blackouts this year and
Counting
Kashmir was also the site of India's
first documented internet blackout in
2012 and has been shut down every
independence day since the government
says the bloc's help safeguard against
the separatist insurgency here the
Internet blockade that is being done it
is done for a very short duration of
time for the duration when the function
is going on it's an important security
major that's being taken care since 2012
Kashmir ease have collectively lost more
than 8,000 hours of Internet access and
on Wednesday they were cut off from
mobile service for 11 hours
that's no small window for business
owners like Achra Ahmed who runs an
online fashion boutique it is not fair
because it's a human right for every
person to use Internet half of Kashmiri
youth is working online nowadays I don't
have a physical store so if internet is
banned my whole business does not work
properly actually the first five years
of internet blackouts cost India more
than three billion dollars according to
a recent study while the government
originally used blackouts to quell
unrest last August they updated how they
apply the law since then they've used
shutdowns more liberally for example the
state of Rajasthan has blocked access to
prevent cheating on exams for teaching
police and government jobs internet shut
down the completely unacceptable in any
democratic system it eventually only
causes greater amount of lack of trust
between citizens and the government
itself and gives them a sense that they
are not being heard
if you have to anoint a new Queen of
Soul of course you will always be the
Queen of Soul nothing would ever take
that away but who's next I'll read them
fair enough
none of these young girls can will
Aretha a wreath on
there are more than 1,700 Superfund
sites in the u.s. sites so contaminated
by hazardous waste that the federal
government deems them a risk to human
health for years one of New York's
largest Superfund sites
Onondaga Lake was referred to as the
country's most polluted lake now after a
1 billion dollar cleanup the county and
the lakes main polluter are celebrating
it as a success and trying to convince
people that the lake is finally safe
growing up I'm not a lake was a joke he
would have a smell when you drive by on
it interstate 81 we always believed it
was one of the most polluted lakes in
the world and I think it actually was
Ryan McMahon is an Onondaga County
Legislature in 2015 he jumped in the
lake to demonstrate its newfound
cleanliness have you been swimming I
don't a couple years ago the state Dec
deemed the lake safe enough to swim in
certain parts of the lake
Onondaga Lake was once a famous vacation
spot but in the late 1800s local plants
started using it as a landfill notably
allied chemical dumped a hundred and
sixty-five thousand pounds of mercury
into the water eventually the state sued
an allied chemical now Honeywell spent
half a billion dollars in 2012 to clean
up the lake including dredging and
capping 16 percent of the lake bottom
the EPA says the plan significantly
decreased mercury levels but officials
still warn against eating fish from the
lake which for some is a clear sign that
the cleanup isn't a success when you
can't beat the Fishman you can't use the
medicines you can't eat the plants what
kind of warned do you need the Onondaga
Nation a Native American tribe belonging
to the Haudenosaunee or Iroquois
Confederacy have been fighting in courts
since 2005 to have the entire lake
dredged and free of contaminants a plan
that would have cost at least 2.3
billion dollars they went to federal
court and they were ordered to do this
cleanup as it usually goes there's a
limit to it they were ordered to clean
up a certain amount so they just reach
that level and that's it
poussey our jobs done it's all clean
right do you think that the lake is
clean well you can't eat the fish yet
you know first then it's not clean the
fish in Onondaga Lake contained the
highest amount of mercury of any other
lake in the state
and state fishing advisories recommend
that men only eat certain species once a
month whereas children and women under
50 shouldn't eat any still Blake looks
clean and a population of Bhutanese and
Burmese refugees that live in the area
continue to fish from it
a recent study revealed that members
consume contaminated fish up to 40 times
a month far exceeding safety limits so
the people that we see over there does
this catch and release or is this for
something else those individuals are
probably some of our refugee communities
that actually fish and eat the eat the
fish John McAuliffe oversaw the cleanup
for Honeywell he took us to see the
remediation project the vegetation is a
big deal it's what we want to see
because that's what the fish live in
right that's something that's come back
since the cap has been put on from your
perspective that means that the cap is
working and doing what it needs to be
doing yeah how exactly does one restore
and remediate a lake so we dredged the
most contaminated material out of the
bottom and then we put a cap on top and
that cat keeps any remaining
contaminants from getting up into the
habitat layer we spent a lot of time
restoring the habit to have a habitat
and the vegetation planning that's what
makes the lake lake again the lake
cleanup is part of a legal process a
Honeywell met its obligations and while
that's an important step the federal
government doesn't believe it's clean
enough to be taken off the list of
Superfund sites of these 1,700 national
Superfund sites created since the 1980s
just four hundred have been restored to
the point of being delisted is it a
contradiction to say that it's a clean
lake if I can't eat the fish eating the
fish is a different issue than the lake
cleanup right
I can eat the fish from an attack alike
I can't I can eat the fish from Ronald
Agra Lake and that decision is made by
the Department of Health all right
the project that we did was to restore
the lake to clean up the sediments so
that the ecosystem starts to recover how
long do you think that might take I
don't know like decades centuries they
need ice Singh will do Secaucus
impossible
Olmo respond census camera hill multi 19
Columbia is king khan coca no pierpass
policy Costanza cannot retain a monastic
out Lagasse in Bradford KDK madama so
you know a couple implants to tyranny
I cannot assert that this is a few child
job sir is not the time which of you
would go back to farming Coker if this
doesn't work out
you
you
