the 2016 election broke all spending
records and the super-rich are giving
more than ever before the top ten donors
contributed a combined 315 million this
cycle and this man Tom Styer is at the
top of that list he's put more than 67
million of his own money into this
year's election according to open
secrets
Nellie Bowles hit the road with steyr as
he stumped for his number one cause
would you like to get a free hot dog
what we're doing is we're actually
trying to get people to vote and take
climate into account and you get in line
and have a vegan hot dog vegan hot dog
Tom Steyer is an environmentalist
billionaire and philanthropist who's
often called a liberal coke brother like
the cokes he pushes his political agenda
through massive financial donations but
in case you've never heard of him you're
not alone hell I check to see if these
guys were registered I wanted him on my
list excuse me
most of the students steyr met when we
followed him around Pittsburgh for a day
didn't know who he was either are you
registered to vote you are you
interesting to vote here are you guys
about here too awesome
please vote are the kids excited about
energy money so who exactly is Tom
Steyer I'm a 59 year old guy from San
Francisco California who is working on
the issues that I'm most passionate
about and so I've sort of fallen into
this place of pursuing one of my values
in a political context steyr made his
money founding a hedge fund and has
since become your average liberal West
Coast billionaire he wears an African
beaded belt felt shoes and each morning
he draws the International symbol of
humility on his hand as a reminder to
stay humble
stires name is worth remembering because
his outside spending has had a big
influence on liberal politics he chooses
whom to support based on their
commitment to the environment but
instead of donating to candidates
directly he set up a completely separate
national campaign infrastructure he
calls his super PAC next-gen climate
next-gen is its own political operation
completely separate from the Democratic
Party it has 600 staff and 6,000
volunteers in 36 field offices around
the country and Stiers sunk 25 million
dollars of his own money on a grassroots
campaign to engage millennial voters
next-gen said it has registered 1
million voters nationwide this cycle why
don't you donate directly to Hillary
well what we've really tried to do is
engage Americans on the issues through a
field campaign where really didn't set
out to support a candidate we said set
out to support values so that the voters
could support a candidate the Clinton
campaigns been frustrated that steyr
operates so independently this came to
light and recently leaked emails between
steyr and campaign chairman John Podesta
who was angry over Stiers hardline
stance on carbon free energy sources I'm
Tom Steyer steyr also wants to be the
face of his donations in TV ads he puts
himself front and center he's been
running ads directly against Donald
Trump that's not America we're all
Californians
which Trump noticed radical activists
like Tom Styer have this set up a
platform for steyr to elevate his own
message you know to disagree with Donald
Trump on energy for a man who knows
nothing about energy markets who knows
nothing about the energy business who
really knows very little about business
find it amusing Donald Trump he's a
lousy businessman truthfully no joke
family met I'm not afraid of it that's
the truth the ads the campaign offices
and the response to Trump all feed into
speculation about his personal political
ambitions a lot of these ads start with
I'm Tom Steyer what role do you figure
into that message we've tried to be
transparent in every part of what we do
the people on the other side spend an
enormous amount of time and effort to
make sure that we don't know what
they're doing and we're trying to do the
exact opposite I would love it if the
cokes ran ads that said hi I'm Charles
Koch
here's what I think and then when are
you running for governor I have said
consistently we are completely engaged
through 2016 I will continue to work on
the stuff that I care the most about
that I'm most passionate about and the
question will be how can I do it in the
way that has the most impact
