orange jumpsuits force feedings blackout
hoods the images that have emerged from
the prison at Guantanamo Bay have made
America's detention policy a topic of
debate around the world but we rarely
hear from those who serve there or the
top-secret prison within a prison known
as Camp seven that's where Khalid Sheikh
Mohammed and the other four men accused
of masterminding the 9/11 attacks are
held nobody who's worked there is
supposed to speak publicly about their
experiences and no one has until now in
exclusive interviews vice news spoke
with a guard and a medic who served at
Camp seven haunted by memories and
crippled by PTSD they share their
stories here for the first time
Jason Leopold has more were you ever
threatened when you were there sometimes
by the detainees yeah sometimes well
what would they say a lot of it I've
kind of blocked out yeah especially
times like that usually they just scream
at you know yell at you basically try to
intimidate him
Nicolle York is a mom a wife and soon
she'll finish her training to be a nurse
but in 2009 she was a 20 year old u.s.
Navy corpsman who found out she would
soon deploy overseas I went into work
one day and they said it looks like
you're going to Guantanamo Bay Cuba
where were you be serving I said I would
be Navy corpsman serving with TFP task
force Platinum and how did you come to
discover what ultimately Task Force
Platinum's mission was the day I showed
up and I arrived task force Platinum is
the elite military unit that runs Camp
seven where Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and
the other 14 high-value detainees are
held the location of Camp seven is
classified top secret there are no
public pictures and military and
government officials are prohibited from
talking about it so prior to going to
Guantanamo you had no idea that you
would be going to the high-value camp no
idea I didn't get any training I didn't
know what to expect I didn't get
training until I was there until the
guards took me aside and said hey if
this happens this is your role in this
and the sea one of the guards who took
Nicole aside was Andrew Turner Andrew
when you received orders to deploy to
Guantanamo was there anything unique
about those orders really to me the
uniqueness was they were just very vague
and it said something about TFP guard
which I didn't really know when I got
the orders exactly what that was
Andrews stood guard over high-value
detainees for 12 hours a day I felt
really really unprepared for that
deployment and I'd never coming from
other units where pre-deployment
training and the information process was
so you were so involved in it that I
really felt in the dark and it freaked
me out
I found incredibly unprepared and and
very vulnerable at that point Nicole
also worked 12-hour shifts at night she
tended to the medical needs of the
high-value detainees and the military
staff we could not room with anyone else
that didn't work at our camp for the
off-chance we say something even though
we may live next door to them we cannot
share room with anyone outside of Camp
seven so they kept us secluded in that
sense the emotional impact of that what
how did you handle it I cried a lot in
the beginning and then after I started
you know making friends and other people
like to confide in and stuff that worked
with me I started drinking because I
didn't feel like there was anything else
to do and alcohol was my outlet
I drank there were threats there was
sexual harassment and there were
nightmares I had nightmares where I was
being attacked by detainees I had
nightmares where they would somehow get
a hold of me and grab my hair and like
slam my face off a steel door while
Nicole dreamt of violence Andrew
experienced it within the first two
weeks of his deployment we had control
of a detainee while the detainee was on
the ground with cuffed trying to make
sure he didn't hurt himself he attempted
to bite me
I moved my hand a little bit and then he
proceeded to start smashing his head
into the floor with my hand under it I
have some movement in my hand but if
there's just not much there I've kind of
lost the function in that but that kind
of set up the whole deployment for me
you know when you early on this is a hey
how do you do kind of kind of moment you
know welcome to welcome to Guantanamo or
there are other incidents similar well I
mean you know typically around the
around the detention camps it wasn't
uncommon for urine to be thrown it
wasn't uncommon for feces and food to
get thrown verbal abuse was pretty
common being called every name
imaginable in multiple languages you
know throughout all those camps it's it
that kind of just tears people down and
you just didn't know what was coming
around that next corner and it was 99%
boredom and then 1% just pure
unadulterated craziness why did you
decide step forward and and speak with
us
I had enough I had enough and I and and
I know there's a lot of guys and girls
out there gentlemen and ladies out there
that that I served with that served at
Guantanamo before me that have come
after that probably aren't really sure
about talking about being broken in some
way and I want them to and I want them
to be afraid military officials won't
confirm the level of post-traumatic
stress experienced by those who serve at
the detainee camps but vice news
exclusively obtained internal military
documents that support Andrew and
Nicole's claims the 2011 Military
Commission survey concluded the majority
of troopers screening positive for
behavioral health conditions reported no
pre-existing conditions and many
perceive their training as inadequately
preparing them counseling was available
on base and the documents contain
recommendations to combat the problems
but the military did not respond to
questions about the survey or
recommendations I think mentally and
emotionally is fama Nicole spent nine
months at Gitmo eventually she received
a diagnosis of post-traumatic stress
disorder it took me about eight months
to get some help because I just was in
so much denial like I'm fine and fine
like we're okay you know although it's
been six years since Nicole left
Guantanamo she's still frightened of the
high value detainees she was assigned to
care for what's your fear my fear is
them finding me or does it make me
you
