if self-driving cars are pervasive a
huge percentage of the American
population right now makes its living
and oftentimes a pretty good living
driving and so understandably people are
going to be concerned about what does
this mean about three and a half million
Americans work in trucking it's one of
the last well-paying job markets still
available to people without a college
education but self-driving technology
could replace some of those workers and
it could happen soon the ride-sharing
giant uber just bought a company called
Auto its product trucks that drive
themselves
Raavi samaya went for a ride in one we
hear a lot about self-driving cars but
many people think self-driving trucks
like this one from auto will hit harder
and sooner they never speed or change
lanes suddenly and they can drive
forever without getting tired so they
promised to be cheaper and more
efficient and the company just made its
first actual delivery 120 miles with
nobody driving here in Denver
first and foremost talk so almost sort
of the backbone of the US economies
every around us maybe beside us was on a
truck at some point a just the magnitude
of that traffic is immense we have
millions of those trucks on the road as
a complete amateur in these things this
seems very hard is it hard to make a
truck drive itself it's hard but it's
totally doable highways by nature is a
simple problem to solve those no
hopefully no pedestrians
there's no stoplights it's easier to
basically a automate or have a
self-driving vehicle on the highway most
of the day the truck uses a variety of
sensors which feed the stack of
computers in the cab
it reads the road to decide when to
accelerate steer or hit the brakes the
company says it's likely much safer than
a human driver we went out a test run
with a veteran test driver Walt to see
how it worked so well tell me what's
going to happen when you go autonomous
so what's the process the process is
right now Jake is getting the software
ready to make sure everything's good to
go and it's operating appropriately and
then essentially I'm checking the
traffic to make sure that there's
nothing crazy going on behind her to the
side I mean just just a kiss
this of course pressing the button and
once you've engaged that the sensors on
the front of the truck are doing the
same job that you would ordinarily be
doing they're keeping an eye on the road
they're making sure the truck is going
the right speed they're breaking for any
obstacles or like that's correct so
you've been replaced by you know three
lidar
GPS the camera and a radar correct
that's something you feel screwed
because then I'll be able to go on a
hike later how are we doing Jake ready
to go there we go
yes
and you can get out to the Sina I can
get out of the seat right now
right
tighten down
all right so we're now in a truck with
no driver whatsoever
the truck seems pretty comfortable
except I don't think it understands that
the seat belt is off because no one's in
the seat
our town says it's still testing the
trucks but eventually we'll sell a kit
for tens of thousands of dollars to make
nearly any truck self-driving virtually
every truck manufacturer is also testing
self-driving technology Morgan Stanley
estimates that self-driving trucks could
save the industry 168 billion dollars a
year seventy billion of that would come
from labor savings if you presume this
is going to work the way you think it's
good
what does the industry start to look
like I'm pretty bullish on on the
technology yeah I mean in 20 years I
could see just the trailer
