scientists have been warning that sea
levels could rise by up to six feet by
the end of the century and like a lot of
dire climate change warnings the threat
can sound vague and distant but that's
not the case on Tangier Island 90 miles
south of Washington DC for this
community of fishermen the change has
already begun erielle do em Ross went to
see how well I can welcome you on board
and just be breezeway covering 18 all's
to Tangier is for Tangier Island is a
remote fishing community located 18
miles offshore on the Virginia side of
the Chesapeake Bay thanks to its
isolation many of the islands 500
residents can trace their lineage back
to when it was a colonial outpost but at
only a mile wide and four feet above sea
level
rising waters are claiming more of the
island each year threatening its future
so these these are restaurants yes these
are the two restaurants on the island
and right now it's essentially almost
impossible to get there without getting
wet
it is impossible right now Dave Schulte
is a marine biologist with the Army
Corps of Engineers he's been coming to
Tangier island for over a decade you've
been studying Tangier Island what have
you found exactly I took a look at
Tangier Island in the past estimated its
rate of land loss and then I projected
these with different sea level rise
scenarios into the future and in a
nutshell Tangier Island doesn't have a
whole lot of time because of its sandy
foundation Tangier Island has been
slowly sinking over a century but thanks
to erosion and rising sea levels due to
climate change that process is
accelerating since 1850 the island has
lost two-thirds of its land mass at its
current pace it could lose the rest in a
fraction of the time the higher the
water gets the the more land it can
impact directly during every tidal cycle
so the island is both sinking and being
submerged at the same time that yes
that's correct
this is climate change this is sea level
rise happening right here right right
now
Carol Pruitt more is seventh-generation
Tangier some of her relatives once lived
in the town of Canaan on a north part of
the island today only traces of that
community remain I see bricks well these
are remnants from people's chimneys and
foundations back in the 20s my
grandmother lived up here the northern
part of the island known as the upwards
also bears the brunt of increasing
erosion how do you tell the signs of
erosion this point of land right here to
this point of land which is now under
water this was light that was lying last
year so what like 30 feet 35 feet go on
in between here from here to here there
was no water last year yeah when in
October it was land if we don't get a
say well this is what you'll find on
Tangier in a few years remnants of homes
right and the area where you live where
I live yet many residents believe that
building a seawall around the island
could buy Tangier some much-needed time
though with a 30 million dollar price
tag that's a big if James Cukor Eskridge
has been mayor of Tangier for nine years
there are going to be people who are
going to react to the situation on
Tangier and say yeah this place is
beautiful there are only 500 people here
is it really worth it to save the island
I mean we've been here for hundreds of
years working today and Kenji is a
unique place and not they should be
saved it can be saved if there was no
possible way to save tan here and the
money wasn't available you know we'd be
more understandable but the money is
available I refuse to become a climate
change refugee I mean would we want to
do something about it as of now Congress
has not approved funding for the seawall
without one Tangier will run out of time
the high range scenario abandonment
within 25 years and that's everybody
according to Dave Schulte tangia Island
isn't an isolated incident it's a sign
of what's to come you know as climate
changes impacting us we're going to be
making these decisions over and over
again all over the country you know who
are we going to move what are we going
to do as a scientist you're used to
hanging averages on things and you and
you say they've got 25 to 50 years but
then you see houses like this and this
road and you know this needs fixed right
now yeah when you see fish swimming on
your Road you got got major problems
that's for sure
you
