Laverne Cox is a pioneer for trans
actors in Hollywood tonight she'll star
as frank-n-furter's in Fox's revival the
Rocky Horror Picture Show and next year
with a role on CBS's doubt she'll be the
first trans person to play a series
regular on network television
Cox credits her success to Brad Cal
Katara an acting coach who works with
LGBTQ talent mary HK troy attended one
of his classes in New York I want you
two to take each other to task I always
tell people like a look who was sitting
to your left or to the right you know
Laverne was sitting in the chair
laverne's was in this room that we're in
right now here we go
action chances are you've never heard of
Brad Cal Katara
he's been acting for more than 20 years
with bit parts on TV shows like Law &
Order and Gotham but when it comes to
teaching
he's the Stanislavski of the LGBT
community his approach to get students
to stop acting named it act out not to
push people out of their comfort zone or
you know out of a closet per se but to
be okay putting our energy on because
here's the thing about trans actors a
lot of them have already been acting
their whole lives stifling their
identities to make other people feel
comfortable or to avoid trans panic and
violence
Kalka Tara helps them strip away the
defense mechanisms so they can step into
other roles we need to see a little more
of you and I'm like well if there's
something about us that we're not okay
with usually something that's been
shamed in it's a lot to be shamed you
know in your formative years when people
are exploring impulse the thing that is
too much is what we need to expand and
shine some of Calca Tara's students are
understandably guarded Sawyer divest is
an actor in Brad class what do you find
the most attractive about your body now
what's beautiful
I like my legs what else I like my ears
go over to that side two more things
that you find beautiful
right now there are more trans
characters on screen that many of the
rules go to more famous cisgender actors
actors who identify with the sex they
were born with because casting agents
say there aren't enough trans actors who
can hold their own but that's changing
is there something ironic about the fact
that you've put in so much work to
present the person that you are and all
you want to do now is embody other
people like for your life's work by
being an actor yeah but it's also like I
can show the world who I am because I am
now comfortable being Who I am no one's
ever seen me except me when Jeffrey
Tambor on transparent wins an Emmy
people are seeing oh that's a man a man
in the dress they they think that trans
women a man in a dress I would not be
unhappy where I the last cisgender male
to play a female transgender on
television and that's like literally not
what trans women are how do you feel
when I tell you that you actually
present like a white sis male that is
complicated because that's not
necessarily my identity that's not how I
identified it after two years of classes
divest is headed to Los Angeles to try
and become an actor and put Cal Katara's
training to the test what makes you
qualified to teach a class like this I
teach my trans students no different
than anyone else it's a a piece of
getting rid of everything that's not
innately you so use the energy here
tonight it's not about passing you know
it's about being who we are
you
