the third and final presidential debate
took place last night and millions of
people tuned in eagerly anticipating
never having to watch one of these ugly
exchanges ever ever again Donald Trump
came to the podium looking a little
worse for wear while Hillary Clinton
came dressed as Trump's fan base in all
white with this being the candidates
final chance to sway American voters
Donald Trump tried to pretend the Trump
tapes never happened nobody has more
respect for women than I do nobody
nobody has more ways everybody Trump
later double down on his demonstration
of respect for women replenish the
switch in mashpee West fun a lion that
went from an insult to a term of
empowerment in record time the Trump
didn't just win over women throughout
the debate Trump gave nuanced answers on
complex policy questions let me tell you
I'm so so sad and with that grade school
response Twitter users went into
overdrive and the hashtag Trump book
report became a thing but the biggest
shock of the night came when Donald was
questioned on a highly controversial
topic abiding by the democratic process
do you make the same to dep entity well
absolutely sir that you will absolutely
accept the result of this election
perhaps forecasting bad news on a member
aids Trump began to speak of Election
Day like the results of a dreaded STD
test I will look at it at the time I'm
not looking at anything now I look at it
at the time but he did manage to
reassure a by now jittery American
public that he would definitely maybe
follow through on his bold decision to
undermine the foundation of American
democracy what I'm saying is that I will
tell you at the time I'll keep you in
suspense the suspense is killing me
you
