overdoses from heroin and other opioids
now kill an average of 78 Americans
every day Ohio has been hit especially
hard where fatal heroin overdoses have
more than tripled in the last five years
until recently that overdose spike was
largely driven by fentanyl a synthetic
opioid that's up to 50 times stronger
than heroin
but now heroin is being cut with car
fentanyl a different man-made opieop
that's a hundred times stronger than
fentanyl the DEA confirms device news
that car fentanyl is spreading and has
now been found in six states
Dexter Thomas went to Cincinnati where
authorities are dealing with a rash of
overdoses and scrambling to figure out
how to stop the next one where's your
husband in the car right now he was
doing what heroin how you doing sir
sir what's going on man
are you hiring up 19 was last time he
overdosed and then I think the 11th of
quality overdose and then there was
another time before that has anything
you said affected what he's doing
no it goes and one year right up the
other just in the past couple of months
there's been this really big surge in
overdoses with the elephant tranquilizer
yeah the car fentanyl yeah have you two
talked about that I told him it doesn't
matter who he gets it from he doesn't
know what's in it but he's like I know
what I'm doing I know how much I can
take and I said no you don't five
dollars worth can kill you let's get you
out here we put you near me okay
doesn't be scared up you decide you
won't help go get some help
for law enforcement officials and
addicts like Brandon the appearance of
car fentanyl presents a deadly new
reality the drug is so powerful that
just coming into contact with it can
kill you in Hamilton County alone 174
people overdosed in just six days in
August just recently you had a lot of
overdoses and a really short amount of
time we had a spike in July and they
said it was probably car fentanyl
car fentanyl what it what is that we
discovered that it was a veterinary drug
and it's used as a sedative for large
animals large animals like rhinos and
elephants
what are you telling law enforcement
that finds something that they may think
might be carful
we're trying to have them considering
their safety first they don't feel
tested bring it to us it can be
dangerous it has to be handled with
gloves don't inhale it normally take
drug dogs around right I can't do that
because what if they get a whiff of this
and they collapse or they overdose you
could kill the dog
you could kill the day just by smelling
it to get a sense of how car fentanyl is
supposed to be used we met with dr.
Donald Knifer chief vet at Smithsonian's
National Zoo there are times where we
have to completely anesthetize an
elephant in that case we will use car
fentanyl or sand related products the
total volume of drugs that's required to
get this elephant to lie down and sleep
is in a matter of milliliters for
7000-8000 yes yes
so not a large volume so it's a big deal
last month the DEA issued a public
warning about car fentanyl scientists at
the DEA special testing and research lab
are helping law enforcement identify and
track the spread of car fentanyl across
the country we're seeing it in Florida
Rhode Island's Georgia West Virginia and
Michigan how are people overdosing on
car fentanyl car fentanyl is incredibly
potent as an example I actually have a
artificial sweetener packet here it's
about a gram and I keep cutting that
until I get to about two milligrams so 2
milligrams of car fentanyl would be
enough to kill 100 people 182 milligrams
so if this is enough for for 100 fatal
doses in that 1 gram that's actually
50,000 fatal overdoses
50,000 that's that's a city that's a lot
of overdoses for a small amount of
material that small amount of material
can be bought online from China we're
making car fentanyl is legal and it's
cheap a kilogram sells for around three
thousand dollars wholesale and just
three dollars worth of that is enough to
kill fifty thousand people because of
the drugs potency dealers are cutting
heroin with tiny amounts of car fentanyl
to boost their profits with increasingly
fatal consequences but a lot of addicts
are willing to take that risk so you
feel a man alive your wife is worried
about you yeah
I've lost my mom two years ago on
Mother's Day she OD on heroin uncle
Russell he died what last year and he OD
on heroin did the stuff that's on the
street now though it's it's different
then a guy like elephant tranquilizers
and car fentanyl right yeah and so I
mean you know that that's you've heard
that that's out there what's that like
knowing it it worries me a lot you know
knowing that it's out there but you know
as an addict it's worth the risk because
like when you do though you're like in
this cover of warmth and love and it
just it feels so good to be there and
not here you know
what happens if you die
following me free probably you know
sometimes I know I'm not sitting here
saying I'm trying to convince suicide or
anything but you know sometimes the
thought of not being here it's like
comforting because then I want them
doing nothing ever again you need to
stop
you
