on Tuesday celebrity statistician Nate
Silver tweeted out an electoral map
showing that if only women voted in this
election Hillary Clinton would win but
then to give balance to what was clearly
a completely hypothetical exercise
silver shared another map showing that
if only men voted Donald Trump would
likely win yesterday Trump's adult child
Eric sent an email blast supporters
titled momentum saying this map was
evidence the Trump train was making huge
gains against crooked Hillary the
connection was quickly drawn between
Eric email and Silver's hypothetical
exercise meaning that the only way the
Trump campaign was making huge gains was
if they take in a time machine back to
the days before women could vote and
that struck some Trump supporters as a
fantastic notion prompting an elite
group of thinkers to call for the repeal
of the 19th amendment proving that in
this electoral safe space there are no
bad ideas of course only a small portion
of the internet was calling to end
women's suffrage the rest of the
internet immediately understood the
inherent irrelevance of parallel
universe electoral maps so they spent
much of the day making their own now we
know how America would look if elections
were decided by bears earthquakes or
they tufted titmouse poor Eric's email
was marks but the blame for this
incident should lie squarely with
belligerent social-media influencer nate
silver in an election where anything and
everything has been taken out of context
silver should have known better with
less than a month to go before Election
Day remember if you see a big map of
this deeply divided country completely
covered with your favorite color perhaps
resist the urge to smash that share
button
