even if the Supreme Court doesn't take
up Gavin's case this year the court term
is loaded up with decisions that could
have major impacts on American law here
are some of the cases to look out for if
a banker shares a stock tip with a
family member and it results in an
investment is that insider trading
federal courts have been split on the
issue the case before the court
Salman v US will determine if the
Citigroup bankers brother-in-law can be
prosecuted for trading on information he
received even though the banker wasn't
rewarded for sharing the info this case
could broaden how prosecutors go after
people who give and receive inside tips
Trinity Lutheran Church in Columbia
Missouri wanted a grant from the state
to resurface its school playground with
recycled tires the state denied their
request saying they couldn't give the
church a grant because it's a religious
institution Trinity Lutheran says that
it's playground is secular if the church
wins the case it could lead to more
challenges to bans on funding for
religious organizations
in 2007 the ACLU sued immigrations and
Customs Enforcement on behalf of about a
thousand people who were locked up in
immigration detention facilities the
ACLU argued the detainees held for
longer than six months had a right to
bail hearings Jennings V Rodriguez
centers on an immigrant named Alejandro
Rodriguez who became a legal permanent
resident but was convicted of drug
possession in 2003 Rodriguez spent three
years locked up without a bail hearing
the case could determine whether it's
legal for the u.s. to hold immigrants
for so long without bail
Texas carries out the most executions in
the country and the state now has two
capital cases before the Supreme Court
in one the court will decide whether
racially biased testimony from a defense
witness gives the defendant the right to
challenge his sentence the other case
Moore v Texas will decide whether a man
now found to be developmentally disabled
should be executed Texas says that he
should be arguing that the state is not
obligated to follow any particular
medical standard when determining a
defendant's mental competence but
there's one big hitch in all of this
until a new Supreme Court justice is
confirmed any of these cases could
result in a 4-4 tie which affirms the
last ruling of the lower court and puts
the case on ice for the remainder of the
term the Senate still hasn't scheduled a
confirmation vote to fill the empty seat
