filipino president rodrigo duterte
continues to trash-talk the united
states questioning today whether the
philippines needs american support at
all do you think we would really need
america
the relationship between the two
countries has been badly strained by
American criticism of the drug war that
duterte launched when he took office
which has now killed more than 3,500
people following doTERRA taze orders
police and vigilantes continue to roam
the country streets hunting down alleged
drug dealers and users and in a lot of
cases executing them without trial Seb
Walker reports on one local photographer
is documenting the carnage
there's no body
but were killed in a shootout still
don't have the details just months ago
Dandi tomahto was a feature photographer
in Manila but since President Rodrigo
Duterte took office his only focus has
been to document the carnage around him
and not really looking forward to you
know another fatality but it's it is
what it is
these are Don Dee's only tools in this
violent street war working late into the
night to bring images to the outside
world
in an effort to clean up the city
streets
Duterte has been encouraging both the
police and the public to go after
suspected drug dealers when they started
this they did raids so they were
grabbing minors off the street but right
now it's a whole new level
since the anti-drug campaign began the
death toll has skyrocketed with
thousands of victims brutally murdered
inside their homes or left for dead on
the sidewalks and back alleyways of the
city's shanty towns we get 15 to 18
bodies like before it was five many of
them have been killed by vigilantes who
often leave behind signs like these and
then there's the summary executions with
their hands and feet bound and their gag
and then covered in duct tape all the
fatalities I covered those are always
the the disturbing ones
but it's not only the dead that Dandi
photographs
he's been documenting survivors like
Gina dilemma and her seven children
giving a face to the families broken
apart by the killing
Gina's husband Ricardo a local bus
driver was gunned down when multiple
assassins armed with silences boarded
the bus he was driving and opened fire
as a people dynamic that convulsively
phangan octagon cassava Nunavut open bar
you're gonna get nanako's are because we
care about someone
the gunman fired a Gina but missed her
husband was shot multiple times and died
before reaching the hospital the family
insists he's never been involved in
drugs well a portion usually people
bathe telegin annual but he did have a
run-in with the cops last year
Gina claims Ricardo was targeted for
pressing charges against them for
physical abuse I love us Jenni Kazemi
mama
I don't even wanna Miley get a liquid
sound it was shaping and I don't know no
the tink region Muhammad me a pot of and
Enoch who will make a sound power I know
her well enough for now Ricardo's body
lays head but the country's murder rate
continues to climb and Dandi fears for
the future of his country
I'm nowhere near finished this could go
on forever
