we take it for granted that a musician's
brand is essential to her success as her
music but it wasn't always that way back
in the 1970s branding was still a new
idea pioneered by hard rock Svengali
'he's like legendary manager Shep Gordon
in his new memoir they call me superman
Gordon recounts one of the craziest
brand-building capers in the history of
rock and roll I didn't care about the
rock critics I wanted to get all the
parents in the world hating Alice Cooper
and the parents were in reading Rolling
Stone a cream Rolling Stone meant
nothing to us we had to jump over the
rock media and get Alice in Newsweek and
time and Business Week and the
newspapers and tabloids and evening news
all the places where the parents would
see him and be revolted by him that's
how i came up with the idea of wrapping
panties around the vinyl in the
packaging of Alice's album school's out
it started because I read a story about
a big shipment of paper panties being
confiscated by US customs officials at
the Port of Baltimore because they
violated something called the flammable
fabrics act that you couldn't bring
paper underwear into the country struck
me as hysterical then when we designed
in the jacket for schools out we decided
it should look like an old-fashioned
wooden school desk the kind where the
top flipped up and there was space
underneath for your pencils and rulers
and such the album would go in there and
we were thinking about what to put in
there with it something a bad kid with
having his desk someone suggested a
switchblade but obviously we couldn't do
that someone else said bubblegum I
remember the panties what was the
coolest thing a seventh grade boy could
be hiding in his desk what if we wrap
paper panties around every copy of the
LP that went out parents everywhere
assured a hit us so i bought perfectly
legal flameproof paper panties in canada
and slipped the panties on to the
album's at the same time i called up a
friend of mine Todd Zito a big writer at
the Washington Post I told him I had a
great story for him if you could get it
on page one I explained that these
panties were being shipped to Warner
Brothers for Alice's album and if
customs found out they were going to
seize them
the flammable fabrics Act I gave him the
shipment number and everything he needed
I bought an additional 100,000 not flame
proof paper panties made in France and
had them shipped to Warner Brothers
Records it wasn't a huge outlay of cash
just a few pennies each when they came
through the Port of Baltimore customs
confiscated them and Tom was there to
write the story his article ran on page
one of the Washington Post with a
headline about the largest panty raid in
history explaining that the panties was
supposed to be wrapped around Alice
Cooper's new healthy schools out which
was coming out that week other papers
picked it up and that's how parents
throughout the land learn not only that
this outrageous Alice Cooper had a new
album coming out but it was supposed to
be wrapped in panic how disgusting it
was one of my greatest PR kuz Warner
Brothers was furious with me they
thought all the panties wrapped around
the album's with flammable and that they
were going to have to pull the albums in
the stores and remove the pens they'd be
out millions I let everyone know the
truth Warners the distributor's the
stores and they all calm down I like
telling this story because a good
example of my modus operandi creating
history instead of waiting for it to
happen
