today anheuser-busch inbev and sabmiller
the world's two largest beer makers
completed a 107 billion-dollar merger
the new mega brewer will control nearly
thirty percent of the global beer market
a bee in bev owns Budweiser Niccolo
Beck's Stella Artois and dozens of other
beers sabmiller owns kors Miller and has
a huge presence in South America and
Africa to get past antitrust laws both
companies agreed to sell off big chunks
of their business otherwise the new
company would have controlled seventy
percent of the u.s. beer market now it
will only be a healthy forty five
percent but it isn't just what breweries
the company's own inbev is also a major
distributor and craft beer companies
have complained about a program that
they said gave InBev's own beers and
unfair market advantage in bev says it's
ended that program as part of the merger
agreement but in a statement in the
vowed to quote compete to win in the
marketplace which means that as of
tomorrow there's a good chance that
whatever beer you choose you'll be
paying your tab to the same place
