our fellows on to be able to hack these
cards and maybe kill people like
terminator and Skynet
I'm afraid it to be a mega nap that
becomes self-aware I just want to take
anybody out
we're on the streets of downtown
Pittsburgh about to call an uber and
we're gonna check out get a ride talk to
some drivers about how they feel sharing
the road with self-driving movers Travis
Callen like the CEO of uber has said
that by 2030 he wants the whole uber
fleet to be self-driving does that
change how you think about the company
takes away a lot of jobs and people
living it's gonna just use people for
now to get on the start up the business
and then go to self-driving cars I think
a lot of people do this full-time are
gonna be really upset that their lives
or what I actually got laid off so
that's the reason why I'm doing over now
my mom was actually doing it for about
two months prior there's there's days
when my mom goes out for like 12 hours
and she'll make to over $250 in a day
people say that there's no jobs out
there that you could work for uber uber
ones to provide jobs how does it feel
that like the the guy at the top of
Hoover eventually wants to replace you
with a robot like most people that I've
talked to anyway I got laid off and it
was the fastest and quickest way that I
could start making money right away I
never really planned on doing this for
the rest of my life so I really do hope
that it's successful I think it's really
cool that this is happening in our
lifetime
there's a lot that goober drivers don't
like about Hooper but there's also a lot
that they do like alright Levon is
coming let's show you how to Corolla
he's actually already here as far as
I've been driving for over being quite
fabulous fun neat new that's one of the
driverless cars directly ahead of us
it's a doing good so far it looks like
it's driving pretty fair
people are driving people know Hoover
they advertise it's a big business up
here they want to make a lot of money
that's that's what the cities and floor
is all that all that new tax money that
they can make there's no really no good
insurance into this for your health or
anything like that
I guess robots not really need insurance
no in an email sent to its Pittsburgh
fleet an uber executive said that new
technology often leads to new work
opportunities and that drivers can apply
to be safety drivers in autonomous cars
some drivers we spoke to however pointed
out that the new jobs are highly skilled
and that they might not be qualified I
think the respect that uber is giving us
is a nice opportunity and give it to
guess a car that can just drive itself
with the kind of route
