you know what I saw both a male and
female in the front of the vehicle
passed out with her mouth open and then
I noticed the child in the backseat and
I was floored I mean
this was this was the truth had you
blocked that child's face out of that
picture I don't think it would have had
the impact that it did I don't think it
would have been given the coverage that
it has I never thought I would see the
day that I deal with more heroin related
incidents than marijuana for instance
we're also on the same radio frequency
as some neighboring police departments
and during some of those nights where
you handle three maybe four overdoses
the neighboring police departments
they'll be doing the same thing based on
the you know what I'm reading on the
internet and and the people calling our
department I think it's I think it's
definitely going to bring a lot of good
to not only this community but uh maybe
our nation as a whole looking into that
child's eyes and and and understanding
you know what he's going through where
he come from you know the quality of his
life what he no doubt had to look
forward to had something not changed
you know thank goodness that it appears
that life's going to be different for
him
