Iran continues to flaunt is hostility
toward America and to support terror
this is a regime that has something to
hide from the civilized world the risk
of inaction are far greater risk - we
will take whatever action is necessary
to defend our freedom and our security
it is not knowable how long that time
flick would last it could last six days
six peace
I doubt six months because I really do
believe we will be greeted as liberators
the Americans celebrated a rebellion
against US occupation was brewing Sunni
and Shia began to fight each other and
Iraq became fertile territory for the
Americans greater enemy the bloody flag
of al-qaeda wasn't a swig raced over to
Iran's cities which are now under the
control of jihadists then on creating a
new Islamic nation
al Qaeda is diminished over where it was
say certainly several years ago an
American intelligence official told CNN
today that Isis is and I just want to
call them now incredible alternative to
al Qaeda
the extremist group made important new
gains this weekend in Syria and in Iraq
Isis now controls 80% of unbar province
just to the west of Baghdad and the
terrorist group is still advancing
channel Islam shoe behind after NAFTA
Leggio Potter and Hema the bullet finger
padam America in Alberta in them he is
Italian Optima Sadaharu America ruled
America to koala jama'at masala ha ho
kappa doom America Lamia
chuckles proper habitat Buddha heart
Balam director Baltasar Enrique mean
Aloha what is a bedazzler me
camera motor corner Medina is totally
new data new data on our dinner at La
Nina Wallerstein earlier Dubrow now Ana
Paula hala nano NASA NASA and our phone
antennas and Milan antennas and Deena
she said deal to suffer Lana and Rick
our talk will be another Sharon
Democratic ha there the Huracan layer
buckle so right now there are many
countries in different groups fighting
against Isis and they're saying they
will defeat Isis what do you think will
happen
I had been lucky enough to own occur
bhavish a merciless to fear that the
hell of Dooley will Cooler alum he said
I'll do let's let me move are they
excellent seller what am I happy
Sharonville Walker but there are talks
of what how so are you who am i what am
i a hard worker a shame
national mr. ha
innahu soon he'll I was so wrong
Almudena tenets of the hawala austin
play near to oromia
holland Nabil sallallahu alayhi wasallam
la belle medina - ha ha abuela chorus o
Muhammad SAW Allah Muhammad Allah Allah
Allah Allah
yet he is a man Allah Almighty to froma
us something near well as a lot of
Ta'ala Adina fell at the heart of duly
Novikov at Harlem cooler hotter Obama
Schulz Lamia fell arrow
since the u.s. withdraw the Islamic
state swept across Iraq gaining control
of almost a third of the country
including its second largest city mostly
there are now three major front lines
between Iraq and the territory
controlled by the Islamic state we
visited all of them
this post is a dividing line between a
little fighter
princess and you put a little flag which
is for 500 meters with an Isis guys that
mortars
these local tribal fighters through all
that stuffing Isis from getting to back
that
this corner is this corner head
the threat from Isis snipers was very
real earlier this video was recorded
hi al Mustafa we know in in Fallujah I
want a a - how many at our best a
flaw is you not myself a V&O be at home
and do you think you can hold on someone
Dana Tyler iron Thurman Center for
hamdullah
adult lava hire best mr. Dean but the
Mersey manager in the way through a
felony but we are shortened when you say
sure what do you mean the postern
running out
Natalia Madara
to find out how Iraq went from mission
accomplished
to the Islamic state we spoke to Ryan
Crocker one of the most decorated
diplomats in US history he worked
alongside General David Petraeus during
the worst years of the war and was
appointed by President George W Bush to
try to turn things around
no one would deny that Saddam was a
brutal dictator killed hundreds of
thousands of people in unimaginable ways
his life in Iraq for a familiar Aki's
now worse than it was then Iraq today
exceeded my worst nightmares I think all
one has to do is look at the casualty
counts as many as died in Saddam's
prisons or at the hands of his death
squads far more or dying each day in
Iraq now as bad as things were under
Saddam they were never they were never
this bad the invasion of Iraq was
supposed to lead to a democratic and
pluralistic state in the Middle East a
shining example to its neighbors in a
country that posed no threat to the
United States when it actually achieved
was the exact opposite
and in your view is the US more likely
to face a terrorist attack from Iraqi
soil today than it was under Saddam
Hussein I never saw a terrorist threat
from Iran now there is the greatest of
those threats now comes from Isis they
were able to take huge areas of Sunni
dominated Iraq with astonishing ease but
they had much greater numbers the u.s.
trained and supplied Iraqi army crumbled
as Isis advanced often leaving huge
amounts of weapons and vehicles behind
as they fled when we pulled out and when
the Iraqi politics increasingly became
denominated in sectarian terms that was
a very fertile ground for the Islamic
state since the invasion of Iraq the
problems they're having creasing ly
become a conflict between Sunni and Shia
the two main sects of Islam this has
been exacerbated by Iraq's mixed
population and its geographical position
between the two competing regional
powers Sunni Saudi Arabia and Shia Iran
it shouldn't have been too hard to see
that this highly tenacious al-qaida
element would feed on an environment in
which sectarian policies from Baghdad
would lead to a highly disaffected sania
community and a great recruiting ground
on the one hand and a demoralized
population that would not resist him on
the other today following almost 13
years of war Iraq is effectively divided
into three separate states divided along
sectarian or ethnic lines Sunni Shia and
Kurd 80% of Anbar province is currently
under Isis control the only way into the
few areas that have yet to form is
across a narrow and temporary bridge
small bridge is now the only way in and
out of Anbar province it's just chaos
with everyone trying supplies in gas
because of the ongoing violence over
three million people have fled their
homes and many are now living in
makeshift camps saying there are 250
families living here mostly from
Fallujah and each tent is housing
between 8 and 15 people South Korea Olaf
- Ali hell's our Muhammad Bennett
americano sorry I hated mahalik new baby
smell
built-in oh hi jihad Karl Albi Zul
gentleman today I'm in a banana but
result I shall be a GOP alumna and
Madras or IntelliJ woman our turn and
then I are Arab you tomorrow fish
maceration ho a little vision tabla
Maharaja I would not harm giraffe
yeah no yo Hidayah ha siren - Ethier
will your Kalani monado - oh yeah hi
devanam
the main for stopping Isis taking over
completely here are these Sunni tribal
fighters who are supposed to be getting
support from Baghdad after the US
withdrawal
there are 600 volunteers here preparing
to join the frontline so when our way to
see a volunteer force just volunteered
apparently they get some very basic
training no salary and they haven't even
got weapons so this is not Iraqi army
this is just local people who these men
have to share guns to do target practice
600 men I've got six all the ak-47 all
volunteer army no supplies from the US
or from the Iraqi government they're
saying that every male who can fight is
volunteering to fight the youngest
volunteer is 17 or a suspect he's
probably younger than that and their
oldest is these recruits will join the
Sunni tribal fighters who are part of
the Ambar awakening when former
insurgents were persuaded to join us
forces in the fight against Al Qaeda
this was one of the most successful
efforts of the entire war and these men
was supposed to be rewarded for the role
they played but they were largely
abandoned with nowhere left to turn they
initially welcomed the rise of Isis yeah
I'm gonna have the d'am√©rique good let
us know your aunt Fatima Jonas wait I
forgot your sign of lignin mahanakhon
inner journey now well uh hello master
small hamza what unit results
huh Chile Bucharest Lama Rama Islam
where have you been Islam now along with
Tinashe volleyball Omaha the amulet
lattice of insulin aina at this
frontline a small number of Iraqi
government troops had been to help but
nowhere near enough in between you has
been blown up a burn they said they
attacked it with an Abrams tank you've
got
Ambar awakening tribal fighters and some
Iraqi army fighters using American
supplied tanks to attack Isis fighters
in American supply and install armed
vehicles
by the orthodic seller there's fighting
here almost every day and with such
little support the tribes have to make
do with whatever they can get their
hands on I was introduced to a man
called the lion he was the main weapons
maker for this front that's often rated
the country they destroyed their army
what is used to be Saddam's weapons yes
these are the weapons of mass
destruction
Charmian shortly after we left Ramadi
the capital of Anbar province also fell
to Isis having failed to get support
from either Washington or Baghdad many
Anbar tribal leaders declared their
allegiance to Isis at the end of 2015
the Iraqi army aided by US airstrikes
and special forces retook Ramadi
we interviewed a captured Isis fighter
he claimed that recent gains by the
Iraqi government are meaningless
unser sorted muscle muscle academi have
you cited on my channel an Argentine lot
of behind each oh yeah
ha ha mom a lot
and oh my dope up someone I am a real
gentleman tires gonna measure gonna be
that you know siren wails -
Montoya
happy seventh month of failure John
aliamanu Tanya I am going to miss you
Sarah before how where how the Charlotte
Motor on alchemy any do you think Isis
will win reveal another career
strategies Emporia and automatic that
Manning there are no Sun in Northeast
Iraq another group is fighting Isis the
Peshmerga are the army of Kurdistan a
semi autonomous state within Iraq
established after the first Gulf War
so our way to another frontline with
Isis one of the many front lines this
one man by the Kurdish pesh MERGA
and before we've even got there there's
black smoke on the horizon the Peshmerga
have so far been successful against Isis
how they am debianchi dua Balaam Hamid
our peshmerga's gondry seducer she
answered wash Castle in Colorado after
shells another logistic fish market as
imago hominis the new leader man shot
Noah starting as a resistance fighter
against Saddam commanded year has been a
Peshmerga for 33 years
he showed us an example of the dangers
they face on the front line every day
oh let old wet each other can hold
lotion anodyne ideality fre I've been
engaged to Morocco be done in Bala Roth
shademan bow on the dollar among the
Peshmerga I've had real success against
Isis recently but they're getting no
support from the outside world they
haven't been paid salaries from Baghdad
in over a year
and they said America is not giving them
any anything like the equipment weapons
they need like the Anbar tribes the
Peshmerga has to defend themselves with
whatever they can get their hands on
often constructing war machines from
ordinary parts and vehicle these
bomb-proof trucks and Humvees were
stolen from Isis who stole them from the
Iraqi government who were supplied by
the American
as nearby village which is control I
still hear the planes about now
so this is the closest position to the
Isis positions how I am how they died
some ones that were mentioned well this
is all good news for the fight against
Isis it could be bad news for the future
of Iraq as a state Peshmerga fight under
their own flag not the flag of Iraq so
any success they have further
destabilizes the region are you fighting
to defeat Isis now for Iraq or you
fighting to defeat Isis and then have a
free independent Kurdistan
hola Tiki cervical area Kiki I'm gonna
make a banana cake in my ear my hairy
stuff basically Caracas leah was bikini
decertification amal Mesirow Bassani the
Chancellor of the Kurdistan Region
Security Council agrees
400 years they've tried to make this
country work it doesn't because it is
built on the wrong foundations and is it
now time to admit or accept the Rockies
now three times was admitting it or not
this is the reality Iraq has been
divided practically if you look Cheryl
controlling the areas
Isis is controlling most of the
scenarios and Kurds are controlling the
Kurdish areas it is a failed state and
if everybody wants to create their own
force that is a reinforcement of
dividing the country so this is Dawson -
it - it so just at the bottom of this
small hill these pickups driving around
they're saying they're all Isis there's
no sign of civilians how many fighters
are there do you know do you have any
idea I've been doing it would you do
something uh fighting delighted to talk
about so for the time being this is the
new border between Kurdistan and so long
as that next day
everyone's getting ready for their night
shifts 7:00 p.m. to 7:00 a.m. is only
the most like what time they gonna get
attacked so no one's that had to sleep
Germany over 12 hours they've heard
about people coming from all over the
world coming back to the home everybody
able-bodied it seems as a volunteer to
come back and help out Baba
Thank You Chumlee check out mmm
see laughs a Monday well balanced
Iraqi Kurdistan has become a sanctuary
for many of the minorities whose lives
are in danger like this family of
Yazidis a small religious sect who Isis
had attempted to exterminate so they
walked eight days through the mountains
when they fled Isis but I think it's
three elderly women to younger women one
young man and I don't know 10 12 kids
including several babies within a house
how they made the journey or the unborn
Go Go I got shot in my
would she have good
to escape Isis they have their lives but
the problems in Iraq today can be traced
back to several decisions made at the
start of the campaign days after
President Bush announced the end of
combat operations he installed L Paul
Bremer a former diplomat who had never
served in the Middle East to lead the
Coalition Provisional Authority within
weeks he announced the disbanding of the
Iraqi military and a process called
the--both evocation the Baathist was
Saddam Hussein's political party nearly
everyone who worked for the Iraqi
government had to be a member
therefore most of the capable
experienced people running Iraq segments
or military were purged 500,000 active
duty members of the security forces were
suddenly fired the de-baathification
campaign fueled the initial
anti-coalition insurgency in those years
wouldn't take a great stretch of
imagination to think that an officer
dismissed for no good reason
except suspicions about his loyalty is
going to say I know where I'm going and
and wind up in the
the opposing camp desperate for an Iraqi
Prime Minister who could stem the
violence you have settled on Nouri
al-maliki an almost unknown member of
one of Iraq's main shear opposition
groups who'd been living in exile for
over 23 years this would have a huge
effect on US policy which was supposed
to be creating a government to represent
all Iraqis their respective of their
creed or ethnicity Prime Minister Nuri
al-maliki who had come of age in a
clandestine religious party that was
relentlessly pursued nearly exterminated
by Saddam Hussein why is this important
as commander in chief when he looked at
senior field positions in his Armed
Forces he cared about one thing only
loyalty the Maliki government used then
you found power not to unite the country
but to take revenge on the Sunni
minority who had ruled Iraq for decades
there was a generalized view that if you
were Sunni you were going to have a very
very hard time trying to live in Iraq in
the Malik years
sectarian violence spiraled out of
control entire areas were purged of
Shiite or Sunni x' thousands of Iraqis
were killed every month but the country
looked to be collapsing exhausted by the
bloodshed when Iraqis turned out to vote
in 2010 they voted for the non sectarian
candidate yet Alawi but though he won
more votes than anyone else he didn't
have enough to form a majority
despite his lawful record and his
second-place finish Nouri al-maliki was
allowed another term in office to find
out what effect this had we spoke to a
Likud re4 my adviser to five u.s.
ambassadors he was the longest
continuously serving American in Iraq we
were I believe this close to strategic
victory or at least avoiding strategic
defeat the Obama White House chose to
ignore the elections results our Nouri
al-maliki became prime minister for a
second term and drove the country over
the cliff
and of only the major events in Iraq I'm
not sure how well known that is in the
US and yet you're making a sound like
that was one of the biggest mistakes of
the entire war
so Bush's original sin was invading in
2003 and Obama's original sin was not
respecting the Iraqi elections results
or the constitutional process in 2010
without any shadow of a doubt we spoke
to a Christian family who'd fled their
home in Mosul about what life was like
under the Maliki government Lu Kim Minji
assured Maliki sorrow support or
rejection Maliki Ashton Hyatt Johana Mia
you're me a dominant video Mia
at Ft show me I've done Aladdin honey
and Amanda will be there much if not
Janna Marcia Freeman imagine yeah this
is known as a Dean yeah nearly done with
Herman Goering Hollis economy and a good
leader I'm one of the captured Isis
fighters who we interviewed said the
same thing about life under the Maliki
government and can you explain why you
joined an Edison handler and infer an
answer I don't silently job
you month all right now felon he said
mohammed a local monk oh yeah from
shallow Edmond aha right I don't any one
more attack on it I'd never generator
hand me any tally not ammonium I
understand that for many Iraqi isn't if
you were a Christian or a Sunni or
occurred life under the Maliki
government could be very bad I don't
understand then joining a group who are
beheading people and burning people to
death and making young girls
into slaves Annie Chapman Dominus la
sera sera
my secretary and he cutter that's fun
o-nami-san
I mean the things I described they
publish videos of them doing these
things with smiles on their faces so if
you were freed now would you would you
go back and join them again my for live
matters your walks on the job I'm an
analyst
we met other refugees who had been lucky
to escape Isis with their lives they had
fled not from Iraq all the way from
Syria a journey of over 400 miles but
the record - Iceland a good mandala
I must leave the Duggars I got it the
girls each article said evenly they rise
a bit - but least topic on the top - hot
I'm gonna die - god I think it's
incredible standing here cos just on
this one Street you've got ezd families
who have fled Isis at the end of the
road here there are Christians and then
here there's a Kurdish family from
kobani in Syria another group having
success against Isis and the Shiite
militias could played a major role in
the insurgency killing many US troops
and then in the sectarian war killing
many Sunnis they maintained close ties
to Iran and are sometimes even commanded
by Major General Kasim Soleimani the
leader of the Iranian Kurds force in
charge of all foreign military
operations since these militias are so
closely linked the shia-led government
in Baghdad they're also indirectly
supplied by the US the most organized
parties happen to be the Shia Islamist
parties who had been created or
subsidized by the Iranians since the
1970s and they took advantage of that
investment the dividends paid off quite
well
Iraq is more polarized than ever and
Baghdad is falling under an Iranian
orbit which is furthering the
polarization of the society which is a
strengthening Isis and radical militant
Shia groups like the rock
delicious we were able to meet up with
one of the most notorious Shiite
militias the bara organization as they
were preparing to retake the city of
Tikrit from Isis we were taken on a tour
of towns that had recently recaptured
so these are all American supplied
either directly or indirectly Humvees
MRAP and we didn't just see us supplied
weaponry we also saw Iranian weapons on
display and it was clear where the
fighters loyalty lay there we met with
the leader of the banner organization
Patti hi Mary and how confident are you
that Isis will be defeated in Iraq and
Youssef behind you suggest me I should
make cool little Nainoa laughable alive
attention while the leaders of these
militias were confident in their ability
to be Isis the captured fighters we
spoke to were not shaken by the threat
right now there are many different
groups attacking Isis saying they will
defeat Isis
then duelist on me I'll attach it to you
I'd you know what you hear a good man
you know I showed you and me Yohann
native join in fear did you money do you
hear me understand muscle first
initiative owned and managed to miss so
Huma mercifulness Obion along being
autonomous hey Oscar ah hello hello
slight of Afyon polygon cut a little
most even if he's wrong and the Shiite
militias do defeat Isis
that may not be good news for the future
of Iraq hiding Armory in the 1970s was a
radical militant sheer Islamists we
defected to Iran I'm already fought on
the Iranian side during the iran-iraq
war his political party his various
allegiances are to Tehran in fact he was
videotaped kissing the hand of the
Iranian supreme leader who happened to
repeatedly vows to destroy America and
Israel and its allies State Department
in a cable said that how do Mary used to
used to kill people using an electric
drill on their skulls do you think
that's true
I can't comment on classified documents
information but I can tell you is I
heard from a wide variety of Iraqi
sources that indeed the butter core
anomaly had a preference for using power
drills to kill their victims this area
has now become known as the killing zone
because anyone that's still here is
assumed to be Isis or an Isis supporter
and the civilians who fled over
eighty-thousand have fled so far who are
Sunni are afraid to come back because
they say that these guys just assume
they're Isis because they're silly and
will kill them
the argument that is being made by
Washington is that we are not
cooperating directly with the militias
that where we are doing is we are
backing the Iraqi government but in
reality what's happening is the Iraqi
government is fully penetrated by these
Iranian sponsored groups and many of
them are now in charge of the security
services they're on the front lines of
these militias that are receiving
American weapons they're receiving
American tanks they have American air
support they have American diplomatic
cover so in this case we are backing the
Iranian commanded Shia militias to
defeat Isis but the Iraqi security
forces and the iranian-backed militias
are guilty of the same atrocities and
war crimes that Isis is known for they
are beheading individuals they are
torturing and evidence of this emerges
every day and yet they are receiving
billions of dollars of advanced military
equipment from the United States what
you seem to be saying is that not only
should we stop financing this and and
acting as an air force for these people
but we should almost treat them as a as
a very dangerous enemy they are a
critical mass of the government in
Baghdad is a strategic threat to
American interests in to Allied interest
if you are leveraging one radical
militant Islamist group to defeat
another radical militant Islamist group
then we're going to still end up with
there's a radical militant Islamist
group we are creating monsters and these
monsters will come back to haunt us are
you even happy about it but you're just
not having a young just Iman jihad Bob
wouldn't have wobble Jen
that the Holocaust at the Odeon
these Shiite militias are a sign of
Iran's dominance in Iraq today I don't
have a very sanguine view of the Islamic
Republic but they're there they are
powerful and they are not irrational
they can be dealt with we have dealt
with them after all you don't make peace
with your friends can make it with your
enemies if peace is to be made Iran's
influence goes beyond Iraq to Beirut
Damascus and Sanaa Yemen all of which
has startled its local rival the US ally
Saudi Arabia raising sectarian tensions
throughout the region and of the
international coalition including the US
Britain and France stepped up their
bombing campaign against Isis in the
aftermath of the attacks in Paris one of
the United States oldest rivals is using
the failures in Iraq to take a leading
role and use it for their own strategic
advantage Mustafa Democratic regressor
nice Elia Nishita Saturday catastrophe
Tasos don't that we see touch when you
manage a defeat she won't worry
whose wretchedness to addiction register
unbelief never spoke against it he's
here now free cocoon velocity revolvers
away new zone inertia katerini Medan
studies about extremists to me
interesting but American Samoa slumps
kikusui duster yy-you digit Capisce baby
book wishes with Sri Iraq ski when a
story a little touch of turgenyev Iraq
digitarium guru
Willie we personal knowledge visit the
prestige the weighted column areas the
category worship I choose to Elizabeth
Korea but on journalist CBM we eat am
producer is very tornado see what
America's when Vienna technical for much
Iraq who is he drug in sternum redo on a
cat or a dog by bustier still group of
former Russian president and current
prime minister environment person's
right-hand man Dmitry Medvedev sat down
and elaborated on Russia's new policy on
Isis Muslim Julia submit a Couture
precisely kuraki et cushy sports
Syria and new pushing cheston's Damascus
or touch the British law over rocky from
him
Kojima resume the video totally submit a
map on him particularly in your ad
leisure or the catalyst a muscle or a
linear cattle will respond if catch the
as now any Atlanta was top-notch H we we
disagree but Nash a new Iraq a she
witnessed OC denomination that America
just Wheaton my global minimize bullsh
we silly the latter washtub black
urology cross which terrorist issue
still sealed
selenium us lately it not that lip
reschedule
abroad but whereas the US and many
others are targeting Isis Russia's aim
is to remove all opposition to the
Allied President Bashar al-assad a
notoriously brutal dictator in
as for using chemical weapons on his own
people it's just a vignette they were
last video to Moscow immortal stupid
paralytic if condition should Syrian
Spaniards - Christine Muslims to the
creature is masculine opposite biome or
charity stuff news not be what year who
did I check you with Nick no veneer
imminent emotional Paris Cod is bearable
protein on solution Annika crack vocal
response trainers of C territory that
the craziest voice of severe immunology
villas over n√∫mero we were granted
access to Russian military forces as
they continue to build up their presence
in the region
this is Latakia airbase Russian air base
in Syria and there's so much activity
here
there are jets taking off constant and
everyone we've seen so far has gone out
armed with heavy bombs and come back
empty we've seen lots of jets leaving
with heavy bombs attached and they're
coming back empty are they striking
targets every time they fly
she's some elliptical trainer shows
retired Morabito
absolute devotion to his knee usually
meet Malaysian insane it was a fact
Missy witnessed or was opposed lately
Niska chemists of territorial control
aroma by becoming terrorists I mean for
sure he will insert card is to me Yama
niyama army of media suppose linear
elliptic Acme nipper cassava no
problem
spits ionizer also consider the interest
ancestry see with so many powers now
involved the chances of the conflict
escalating further a great in November
last year Turkey a member of NATO
sparked an international incident when
they shot down a Russian jet that they
claimed it entered his airspace Russia
has since moved large numbers of much
bigger weapons into Syria
so this warship is the flagship of the
Russian Black Sea Fleet this warship
with torpedoes
anti-aircraft gun until then our good
against Isis now in Israel and the other
Syrian opposition groups it seems like
the Russians are prepared for a war
against national armies
not just the rebel groups are supposed
to be here for for their part
Isis promise attacks against anyone who
joined the coalition against them
and these are promises they have so far
fulfilled in the last few months there
have been attacks in Paris in Beirut a
Russian civilian airliner was shot down
will there be more attacks do you think
in the future this affects few bodies
well this of course be over if you could
do either hello Alan and the Masaryk
America Fiat ahadith
well so for via RT him except minal
muslimeen or parallel to me it's been a
tough line open
Amuro via national banana juice how
Patil muslimeen please a muscular
artificial opacity bar is Omaha muscular
is a muscular oddity a digital for your
film is it seong-jin Halle Halle Lisa
florence al akir economy alleged well
random will do la mujer rava elective
gia called Oh Lamar Rafa in a battle
homie federal de parar to him will
combine our beauty home William O
Donnell magic he really how hurt her no
no areas on the energy would feel
comfort will down an atom toe cotton to
venture dr. Ally you know behind with
sin noble sin and if you captured me or
either of my friends what would you do
it about Sally harder on us having a
problem
up to the lunate allotted if I say start
defeated then it's I know it's a very
big if but what happens next
there are things worse than Isis in
occupation of large swathes of Iraqi
territory
what is worse would be the ignition of a
major unstoppable sectarian denominated
war we hear a lot in the u.s. is is let
them sort out their civil war let them
kill each other and and you know why is
it always ask that has to go everything
to V why it might be nice of cold
blooded to think they'll all just kill
each other well they won't and whoever
emerges on top the most determined the
most extreme the most ruthless will then
in turn get sights to something really
tempting that would be us so reports out
of Paris that I have been at three
attacks an ongoing situation of the
latest I think it is a question of when
not if there is an al-qaeda or Isis
launch terrorist attack on American soil
you just have to look at the thousands
of foreign fighters who carry Western
passports with a capability that
al-qaeda pre 9/11 could only have
dreamed of there are a lot of passionate
intensity out there in the Middle East
right now
they will prevail we will not like the
outcome
you
