votar en la misma Presidente Yashida PV
era um a um a NS a casa
if you want to live in a country you
cannot run over the mountains evading
the police or you have to do it through
the proper way face to face
this is the most northwestern tip of
Chile this is also a land crossing where
an influence of migrants from
neighboring Peru Bolivia Colombia and
even farther afield come here to seek
their own version of the so called
Chilean dream mass migration has emerged
as a major global story of our time but
one country that you rarely hear about
is Chile in the last five years Chile's
migrant population has doubled climbing
to nearly half a million US citizens
from other Latin American countries flee
violence natural disasters and low job
security Chile is widening job market
tied directly to the booming mining
industry has also started to attract
workers from across the continent in
search of what's been dubbed the Chilean
dream but the swelling population has
contributed to a major housing crisis oh
so we're empty muchos ano no ii ii ii ii
ii v NSO c le aqui y por otro lado I'm
in a Vanunu valincia de Medici on the
number of informal encampments in Shilla
has exploded over two-thirds of the
people living in these camps for foreign
nationals and often live without access
to water and electricity we wanted to
get inside one of these encampments and
so we met with an entre metres a local
migrant outreach worker and camp founder
es un campamento de nosotros a u da Mo's
a con trueir a tomorrow's le pasa ayuda
a bond trueir que llamo hace
aproximadamente Cinco años y a cotton a
MoU familias pero Anna's Poli be honest
each Elena's
a 2n basura Tommo REO de basura
ah okay okay rent ADO's a via lupus
Farrar CLO un tipo de apoyo de ninguna
Verdugo be a lingua otriad oh yes no
porque una tomy legal Hernan introduced
us to some of the camp's migrant
residence ma bibim a whole acero dark 8
Rada no trabajo para alcanzar no ah
comprar una de vie end ah no hemos
perdido
we also met what a Lupe a Bolivian
migrant who are / - OS her homeboy
interviewed her husband enter each Oh
tres de como lo estoy tan poco que decir
la no tenemos lui lead and a circle
allure Aziza
Le Reve a steady a connie transformator
y una placa que esta Ziva
yo nessuno damos lows quoi de Lupe's
homies in one of the many encampments on
the outskirts of Arica Ali Baba será
otro campamento que es erin arrows
Naren arose t tambien taken from a poor
familia pero Anna's bolivianos each
Elena's y yo becase
todo materia recyclin ro Claro buenas
como Tadas na ha
escucha a sure point out a journalist on
to us that these are not necessarily
undocumented or illegal immigrants many
of the residents of these communities
have all their papers and as if non how
to point it out some of the residents of
the encampment or Chilean nationals
displaced after a 2014 earthquake and
still awaiting social housing
Paraguay Arab reciente Bachchan Aryan
sheer Riviera ooh men who 'no semana con
su familia key voice la cacica via midi
air ok para infect anga robada la la
casita de la casita de rollin hey
aqui quanta gente VA whoa what role in
or a video ransom no TV no tienes r1 no
mono da was her are notable Iago so Caro
mio que tenemos la gente que una mas y
sus hijos Venezuela si UD hace yo UT
glaze que como solo Mira lo caso es la
basura de todo cuando en un tele
tendrán riad oh ho slo-mo record and a
row daddy singleton what about him
we are you he is an Mubarak was away no
oh yes when you Micah rocket oh yeah
with both migrants and displays Chileans
living in frustrating conditions some
cultural tensions have emerged Allen
Durham soil
there's a level-one a little further
south these tensions have escalated in
the city of antofagasta violence has
erupted between local Chileans and
Colombian migrants who are fled to China
to escape civil violence their arrival
in Antofagasta where there are now the
largest foreign community has triggered
polarizing street fights and
demonstrations calling to tighten up the
country's borders the rise of
encampments has left many people
wondering whether chilla has the
infrastructure to handle the rapid
increase in migration we have a lack of
infrastructure we have a problem in
education so to open the door and to
create new needs we don't have really
the resources and res Monteiro a
prominent businessman and conservative
columnist has called on the government
to limit the number of immigrants
entering Chile they have decided to stay
in Chile because you see country that
they think that has a good future
and the country today is suffering
economically it's not the same country
as five years ago if you want to live in
a country you cannot run over the
mountains evading the police or you have
to do it through the proper way face to
face to get into the country through the
door I'm not a through the roof
three years ago there were only a
handful of encampments in Antofagasta
today there are almost 50 but one camp
stands out from the rest
la chimba is home to Felipe Barrios a
prominent priest and activist who is gay
notoriety for standing up for the rights
of Chile's camp residents que la gente
Sur Ganesa
por que aquí en en Antofagasta a con
Chilean Chico yaki se puede ver de
manera concentra el desafío lo problema
aqui tan friend todo el pais you know
ESOL exclusion socia su
tiene que comprar el agua y donde todo
de carro y por ESO tose v NE nevere en
en esta sona
Netta toma que son que le permit a ovv
simpler arre endo yell reto el dinero
para la via de Barrios made national
news when he publicly criticized
Antofagasta mayor Karen Rojo after she
called from massive Ixion's of 26 camps
in the area are these camps at risk of
being shut down or removed alga pero tu
la mujer alone Taser Oh say - no puede
liminal la pauvre support a grito say
que vas a con tell me cuatro sienta
familia se que hace con ella Rodrigo
Sandoval the director of Chile's
migration Department is tasked with
answering that question Loki Loki Suzie
de en la practica Aquila Chile knows no
estamos habitual alla migration yo
Paulie lo tanto tenemos una reaction de
miedo de pree queasy Oh respect ok ok no
kono samos pero los cierto de todos
aquellos motivo Quixote fika em según
algunos de ser a verse o el respeto la
migration ninguno tiene una goethe
fication absolutamente ringin chilly
necessita mas migration y toda la todos
los Antigua auras Dame Westra que la
población Activa en Chile van franco de
calle me ento por lo menos la Necedah
international is evident aka Chile
necesita más personas mama no dobra
Mosca vidal umano
importantto esse respuesta no tiene la
vuelta al aquino ma pnd cho la vuelta al
peasant REO que otra vez de la mere AC
own personal Chile's cur migration
policies the oldest in Latin America it
was enacted by the Pinochet dictatorship
which believed that migration posed a
threat to national security but walking
through the streets of Santiago it feels
as though the foreign communities have
enriched the city's culture
they say here in Chile the best Chilean
food is actually
small businesses like this Dominican
barbershop reflect immigrant success
stories well you're in a chair the
Primera as I say in the media's see Tino
via time totem Universidad he's getting
an assistant como to handle will happen
hello
embrace Tommy giana's for Christian
demands of the Familia
they say yeah I would kind of on Chilean
of Argentina
yeah but I had an affair a the face of
Chile is changing the government is
trying to adapt over the next 10 years
half a million more migrants are
expected to arrive
Sandoval is working on introducing a new
migration bill the updated policy won't
be welcomed by everyone but it would
make it easier for migrants to enter
tuna and access social services however
there is currently no effective plan in
motion to address the rapid growth of
encampments across the country where
many of these new migrants will end up
