with unprecedented numbers of
Republicans and Democrats unhappy with
their party's nominee former New Mexico
Governor Gary Johnson is pulling
disaffected voters to the Libertarian
Party ticket Johnson could be a spoiler
this election
he's currently polling at 13% and that's
just shy of the 15 percent needed to get
on the debate stage with Trump and
Clinton Johnson visited the Republican
convention this week when we met up with
him our conversation was quickly
interrupted by delegates looing Ted Cruz
and Trump antagonist Jorge Ramos
interrupting our interview to offer
encourage caught up with Johnson the
next day you're the only presidential
candidate who has to answer the question
when was the last time you smoked weed
when when you do tell the truth it's
really hard to do damage so you know
they asked me months ago when's the last
time you used marijuana and I said well
a couple days ago now that was two
months ago and that's the last I and
then I came to this epiphany that first
of all you shouldn't show up on the job
impaired well running for president is a
24/7 endeavor and being president is a
24/7 endeavor as was being governor of
New Mexico so I'm not gonna be on the
job and paired so two months ago was the
last time that I indulge so many parts
of the Republican establishment are
looking towards you what do you make of
all this I was here all day yesterday at
the Republican National Convention and I
had 1,000 people tell me they were gonna
vote for me what do you make of the fact
that I was here all day yesterday and
nobody took one single poke at me and by
poke hey what are you doing here not one
comment in that regard I think it's very
significant that they are talking about
looking at other options a lot of your
positions seem like liberal positions to
most people your positions on
immigration your positions on drug laws
how do you appeal to young Bernie
Sanders voters well I have been pointing
out the website i side with calm I think
everybody owes it to themselves to get
on the website i side with calm take the
political quiz it's really easy 60
questions end of the 60 questions you
get paired up with the presidential
candidate most in line with your views
outside of siding with myself first I
side with Bernie Sanders second at 73
percent now clearly we have a difference
when it comes to economics but when it
comes to a woman's right to choose
marriage equality let's legalize
marijuana crony capitalism is alive and
well and yes government does grant
advantage to those that have money
let's stop dropping bombs Bernie and i's
sympatico what is it about the donald
trump campaign if you were on the debate
stage or when you were on the debate
stage that would that he would really
attack and say this is something that is
unacceptable as a candidate to take this
position or stake out this position
building a wall across the border is
crazy they are not murderers and rapists
statistically they commit less crime
than US citizens they are not taking
jobs that US citizens want let's not
bring back waterboarding or torture or
worse let's not kill the families of
Muslim terrorists and let's not apply
tariffs on imported goods that you and I
are gonna have to pay for
