just a few miles from the Republican
convention is a neighborhood that locals
call little Iraq
it's home to more than 100 refugee
families from across the Middle East
Donald Trump's proposal to deport Syrian
refugees in the anti-refugee rhetoric
echoed by his supporters in downtown
Cleveland is a concern for new arrivals
like this refugee family from Damascus
so much so that their resettlement
agency advised them to stay indoors
during the convention the young man I
didn't lock the bar on Finas more of ban
in Lima has written muhajireen Yanni the
fella who made you need for crafting for
grandmas ring and then we said with
machete ffs him in and have some supper
bounnam a shockable Berlin yeah you
shall pursue Liam Bala a chick Adhamiya
my lupa oh Rosella and nananana God
oh come swimming check it out Hector
miss Jionni and suit the fur home I
would a girl EFD nanana nanana na
saw you being Michelle II mean I'm
Matthew me neither can I'm gonna hurry
you bubble
we shall we my soon I have again a
minute and your muffin map you home now
economic home borough mafia is mock-up
of Medici small but she anyway I'd be so
myself
no my you katanas gotta be Martin
boys boy commune beseech Allah knows
what's what we uh need many maxi little
with amar and his family fled the Syrian
civil war in 2011 after spending several
years in Zaatari refugee camp and urban
neighborhoods in Jordan they arrived
here in Cleveland just five weeks ago
Hobart we need no money and can be
suburban or a Dean say Trump MOOC in
channel Michigan happy the hair to be
doing a Michelle Kim I fell off middle
of coffee any move off the way house
Adam and image click away of the lobby
on e and companies Villa out folly I was
over still when you all came to this
country for freedom and now in your
first month or two here there's a
political event in your city that is
part of our democracy that's causing you
to stay indoors moon kanou-kun photonic
odd Bajada Montes de Manila hurry
Leslie McCune Adeeb what's your reaction
to hearing a man who could be the next
president of the United States saying
that he wants to ban all Muslims
refugees from entering our country
manoosh fugitive nazar Venezuela ha del
mundo
uh-oh jihad no sermon can I eat fear
hojae's nazar muffled and need fear
Monken hoof ashab al bella al Emanuel
Eman Kazakh Allah ah hee hee hee kun da
mental mode oh uh ne yo javi in Mehsana
Oh widget another attorney and no mukul
ilmu Hodja in Oconee muslimeen hen yo
javi the module or hab metallic passable
muslimeen Albert Allah Muslim be
chastened slimming what was it like
living in Syria when the conflict
started and some NASA but yeah
begin am at fall Misha
Roger male Asian doctor barrage balloon
arrow there at foreign hermit metalli in
harmon man abu one man Hannah abou boy
man her Nana ohm
Michelle Arab my cell charity event and
now granted rare very much of herbicide
North Kino certain her can you
Mahalo Osama what a load of our husbands
Abajo
Blatter Ali uncle Otto but man no at
farley teens early market fee at the ANA
losers Danny Nance early MonaVie
balasana nip Dahiya is GD will be de FEV
it mana and no he or she be had on the
new developed lot Farley unal Jamie and
shallow Donna
there are thousands of refugees like
this family arriving in the US during a
heated election season with Donald Trump
now the official Republican nominee for
president many worried they'll face open
hostility as they try to restart their
lives in America
