the Republican National Convention
kicked off with a floor fight this is
one of the guys behind the chaos in the
convention floor his name is beau Carell
he's a Republican delegate from rural
Virginia and he'd been planning this
anti-trump moment for months we were
with him last month when he was alone in
his office trying to convince nervous
delegates to stand up to Trump so dawn
from as nowhere near the amount alike as
he thinks he has it's not only going to
be a loss it's going to be monumental
for Republicans by the time he arrived
at the convention beau it assembled a
group of renegade anti Trump delegates
and he's not the only one like much of
the party the never Trump movement is
split a few blocks away there's a
meeting of another group of dump Trump
delegates
but the groups aren't working together
and when water is crashed Bo's meeting
tensions boiled over
with convention protests already
underway they finally put aside their
differences and joined the other
delegate group to unite their efforts
they were pushing for a vote against new
convention rules that prevent delegates
from voting their conscience rather than
the winner of their state's primary to
make that happen the convention
secretary needed to accept signatures
bone as allies collected
you are we have we have just submitted
the majority of ten states to have a
roll call but the requirement was seven
and not only do we submit the majority
of state delegations but we submitted
excess of a majority so we hope there's
no hanky-panky here as long as on the
rules and any potential minority reports
word spread that their petition made its
way to the convention secretary which
should trigger a floor vote but Trump
supporters would employ rough tactics to
prevent that from a bye
don't touch anything in the end came
down to a voice vote in favor the rules
packet will say
they live he just says it was only nice
man we were knocked out there was ten to
eleven delegation submitted
I want to win this election for
Republicans I want someone confident the
minimum I want are principles of the
grassroots to remain within the party
this is not a convention this is a
just a scripted show and the delegates
are just viewers
you
