so right now we're on top of a building
there was nine it's an observatory point
Ukrainian military it overlooks the
rebel separatist-held areas but I'm
crouching this apparent his place takes
sniper fire
quite often ongoing tension with Russia
remains at the top of the agenda for
NATO years after last week's summit
Warsaw the gathering of leaders
concluded with renewed NATO support for
Ukrainian forces we're actively fighting
Russian backed separatists in eastern
Ukraine NATO is also committed to a high
readiness Brigade along the border with
Eastern Europe and Russia but on the
ground forgotten conflict rages on even
though a ceasefire agreement known as
the Minsk protocol still stands
ceasefire violations occur on a daily
basis all parties must fully implement
the Minsk agreements NATO still says the
agreement is the best path forward but
casualties in the region are increasing
amid the recent spike in violence vice
news travel to Africa or Ukrainian
military and civilians say they've lost
faith in the so-called ceasefire and
remain trapped in a brutal war
hmm it starts everyday proximately at 5y
5 o'clock it depends on working time of
OSCE special monitoring mission when
they leave the Aviv car when no one
conducted monitoring here they start to
share when they leave FG okay
the show starts now you see now now you
can hear the mints disagree model that
was mortar this has been happening every
single day since 2014 when this war
began
yes hello in the bull opposition shows
like a quarter billion down below spoke
oil as some would snatch a lot of other
great national money precursor das
nações Donald cannot intensive Nikola
Tesla Cornish acid Kazumi to cause the
general notion with ceasefire violations
reaching up to 400 per day civilians
still living along the contact line have
given up hope and diplomacy they no
longer see attacks as mere violations
but rather a full-scale war yet notice
this if I he blah blah blah snuka tamina
what is this
Yumi Adachi divet late last night she
was really out it we promise it in a
Dianna pas de the war boom y9u
sequential Asst yet he is the hover you
must you mean skier ha ha ha ha
Oh effect I do people notice on mr. wall
not you participating as normal toda we
know what politically no water so
you
