since britain voted to leave the
European Union the country feels a lot
more divided now so we've come to the
north to a town called Wigan which is
very representative of a lot of towns
around here that voted to leave 70% of
the population here and Wigan came out
to vote the large majority of them voted
to leave now a lot of people in the
South are kind of pointing their finger
to the north saying that people that
virtually the racist was in a phobia but
I'm not they're talking about so we've
come up here to speak to people and find
out what's going on so a lot of people
in London for example as saying anyone
that voted to leave is a racist all this
kind of stuff I mean what do you think
about that they've got point
it's a tough ones I've always lived is
everyone sort of a little bit racist
really yeah nice laugh why they get an
Armani who they're not informed on if
you eat the Sun you never mean for them
we stuff to go because my mum works at
the coach yeah so you go remind people
who haven't registered to vote that they
have to register bought you'd knock on
doors and literally people call this a
odd put me down for the MP you might
close the door why exactly Wiggins right
to make like nine more than ninety
percent white yeah what's what they got
what they fighting against there exactly
so will you vote it out yeah boy desert
all boners are taking their jobs so much
immigration rally though is that Louise
a lot he's got some Muslims lots of
people reindeer which checking our jobs
and we've no mana
Cameron I'm glad easiet tosser Godspeed
in my opinion but there will be a better
place the south are really shocked that
you know mostly the north of small town
to the north of these folks job and it's
a terre father safe the lab repairing
shop because they've gotta wear
especially the blowouts we're not
listening to the working-class people
for so long I mean when everybody's
earning a good model it doesn't matter
where it comes in the countries it the
first person you blame you know when
it's it's so bad that you've norm uneasy
you know yeah you know was the Irish at
one point run it was the West Indians
coming off of a good always guess I know
what do you think now about Corbin a lot
of people are blaming him for that that
we've left you know they think that he
didn't push a strong enough campaign I
don't think he believed it did either
the guy didn't believe it you could see
in his eyes you know has he been got has
he been bought Eva Eva where he's not
strong enough candidate is it this town
has always been a labor town and as they
said you could put up a pig in a silk
dress up for labour and they would kind
of vote for it in but just because it's
late but doesn't always mean it makes
the right decision that a lot of things
with history I'm not been rat what's
been done it's it's the unemployed it
were going screwed you know they make
programs that benefit Street
what vilify also make that it makes the
tack the good honest taxpayer watching
wanna click his television him but he's
providing for these lazy bastards
benefits feet well some a go at going on
television it's not question town the
alert allows nothing that's minimum the
home the mother the mothership
now the clause in kind of all folks dear
centers and things about that and
because the lack of funding
libraries are shutting well-educated
people but yet they'll put like
this or pull out 15 15 grand
apparently L looking like a big big even
the letterings right it's like a now
Tina
she's breakdancing Kanna rotten normally
done by somebody on crystal meth the
leave campaign will constantly pushing
this idea that we're going to retake our
borders and I'm going to take our
borders back what do you think about
that I don't really think that the vast
majority that people who voted out
that's an agenda I think it's a
financial agenda I do think immigration
was a big part of you know oh yeah yeah
no no by Ferrara's biggest thing his
whole career is been we've got too many
people coming in - yeah yeah I mean
there's got to be some angle there where
people are thinking right let's stop the
immigration its grab it Lee Lucas know
where people are gonna be or
everything's what get rear system do we
would be swastikas on GIMP remember the
work people haven't just been given
jackboots and like you know you go bust
Nazi uniforms and there's always been a
percentage of society what a biggest
kind of thing whether the North's vote
to leave the EU is driven by concerns
over the rise of immigration were in
protester years of austerity and
government cuts these areas are likely
to be the most affected should the UK
fall into another economic recession do
you think now that we've left you that
it will get better I think there's going
to be a period of kind of like
transition we're gonna have to find
their feet and things like that but the
flag still flies I you know even in
adversity the flag flies high
