Chicago's violent crime rate has been on
the rise for several years but 2016 has
gotten off to an especially bloody start
during the week we recently spent in the
city ten people were killed in shooting
incidents and 80 Abel wounded we have a
challenge right now specifically but not
limited to the south side on the west
side where we have a level of shooting
and a level of gun violence it's
unacceptable and must come to an end the
numbers are staggering more than 200
people have been killed and more than
1300 wounded in at least 1500 shootings
across the city a marked increase from
the same period in 2015 Chicago is no
stranger to gun violence and gang
activity but with increases of up to 60
to 70 percent in homicides and shootings
while alarm bells have been raised all
over the city I view it as a disease
like diseases spread that's how this
violence is spread because I'm seeing it
everywhere
Gwen Baxter lost her son to gun violence
four years after losing her husband in
an officer-involved shooting and tell me
about the loss of your child
I got a call like about one o'clock in
the morning telling me that Larry had
been shot he got shot in the back of his
head and he died on the scene what did
you do to emerge from that like I said I
I prayed and then I got angry well I
felt like I got to get up and do
something I got to do something today
Gwen organizes a meet-up for other
mothers who have lost family members to
gun violence these killings and this
violence is affecting everybody when a
person get gunned down you have a mother
you have a father you have sisters and
brother and then this anger this grief
this pain that dark place that they go
on so is affecting the whole family unit
what do you lay the blame or the
responsibility everybody is at fault
people in the community the politicians
the police department the people that
are supposed to serve and protect
everybody has a role in this disease
that they cook them attention has
largely turned to the Chicago Police
Department in November a Cook County
judge ordered the city to release this
video showing the Kuan McDonald a black
teenager being shot 16 times by Jason
van Dyke a white Chicago police officer
the video sparked national outrage and
unrest and Jason van Dyke was charged
with first-degree murder the police
department was subsequently accused of
fostering an entrenched culture of
racism and abuse between a turbulent
Police Department and a dramatic spike
in gun violence the city has arrived at
a critical moment to gain a better
understanding of what's going on inside
the ranks of the police department we
interviewed a veteran officer on the
condition of anonymity he spent much of
his 20-year career undercover working
the gangs and guns beat from the
officers point of view what were the
consequences or effects of the laQuan
McDonald it's a respect for the police's
you know live very limited in certain
areas of the city of Chicago it's become
more and more difficult to police I know
a lot of really talented officers on the
Chicago Police Department that aren't
doing anything you know they're afraid
of getting jammed up meeting soon or
fired for doing their job but if an
officer does their job you know they
shouldn't run into trouble right I mean
Jason van Dyke was acting outside of the
law right well you know I'm not really
gonna comment on pending litigation with
that particular case but I can tell you
that since that incident occurred it's
become a state more of deep policing
than policing now and it's it's tragic
it used to be a job where it was just a
lot of fun to go out there and you know
take guns off the street get dope off
the street and I feel as if our hands
are tied right now and there's a lot of
 paperwork involved now that
makes officers want to kind of really
not be aggressive and go out there and
you know fight crime I think it makes me
want to just pick up a paycheck and just
say this
the officers claims echo a widespread
attitude of discontent within the police
department Willie Cochrane is a former
Chicago police officer and current
alderman of the 20th Ward do you think
right now as a former Chicago police
officer its Chicago PD d policing it's a
fact and there are different causes for
you have to police appropriate you do
your job we pay you to do your job
serving for take this community do it or
you don't need to be here on the other
hand if I'm trying to do my job and I
got all of these obstacles barriers into
place and I actually want to do my job
it becomes frustrating in the wake of
the laQuan McDonald controversy Mayor
Rahm Emanuel announced that the city
would immediately implement changes to
the department including a system for
increased accountability and changes in
officer training Emanuel also fired his
police superintendent and appointed
Eddie Johnson to the position Johnson is
a lifelong Chicago police officer
entrusted by both a rank-and-file and
communities of color we were unable to
reach Johnson during our time in Chicago
but he agreed to CPD's own numbers seem
to contradict Johnson's response during
the first four months of 2016 there were
just under 35,000 investigatory stops
down from over 230,000 during the same
period in 2015 so we asked the
department to clarify with a written
response
to the allegations which actually
acknowledged a reduction in officer
activity in the first few months of the
year saying that it was quote mainly
attributable to regulatory changes in
the way we conduct investigative stops
and apprehension over officers actions
becoming the next viral video the
department also detailed a number of
internal changes to address the problem
and claim that policing activity has
returned to average level since
mid-february
citing an increase in gun related
arrests a figure they referred to when
explaining the drastic change in
investigatory stops it remains unclear
if this has done anything sustainable to
quell the violence which shows little
signs of slowing down for Gwen Baxter
and others who have been personally
impacted the need to address these
problems is as urgent as ever when you
joined the force you swore to serve and
protect and if you if you're not serving
and protecting you need to move around
you ain't doing your damn job
