the United Kingdom voted out of the
European Union last night and the
results of the vote
weren't just being closely watched in
Great Britain they were seen as a test
for the European Union as a whole and
now that Britons have voted to leave it
raises a lot of questions about the
survivability of the EU itself Eurocrats
here in Brussels the capital of the
European Union are in shock on news of
the brexit vote this is the first time
there's been a reverse in European
integration since World War two there's
no hiding the fact that we wanted a
different outcome of yesterday's
referendum I am fully aware of how
serious or even dramatic this moment is
politically and there is no way of
predicting all the political
consequences of this event especially
for the UK so how did you feel this
morning when you heard about the results
of the vote in the UK if you lose a
member of your family
it's traumatic and you feel safe what do
you think other members of the EU are
thinking at this moment every crisis is
as well a chance and I tend to be
optimistic that this is a
a new start for four-year-olds do you
think that Europe should punish the
British to show other members what
happens when you leave the Union now
I'll just out and they will be treated
in a fair way but not really privileged
to animate others to do the same that is
no goal how do you feel about Britain
leaving the EU I'm pretty sad I'm pretty
sad yeah I wasn't wasn't expecting it at
all but the people who voted it and
that's it still proud to be British
still you know going to carry on going
to Europe but that's that's a the reason
why I came because I wanted you know the
European experience and I definitely got
it but now I kind of feel like it's kind
of been cut short in some way we're
about to meet some conservative members
of the European Parliament and they
backed Britain leaving the European
Union and now that they won ironically
they're probably going to lose their
jobs
we have to listen to British food
they've taken one they voted to leave we
have to respect that - and negotiate on
that basis are you worried that this
could present precipitate the breakup of
the UK the SNP exists to get Scotland as
a brittle shim fain have always wanted
not to be part in our - Kingdom no but
now they've got an excuse but actually
they whatever the result they would have
found another excuse they would always
find an excuse that's what they exist
for but the European Union played a
unifying role especially in Northern
Ireland it meant that they were
everybody was under the same umbrella
and it didn't matter what country you
belong to as much as it does now
actually it was a UK and the Irish
negotiators who did the deal with him
today let's not give credit where it got
to it okay you go you're gonna get
something that
article 50 of the European Union treaty
states that any country can leave if
they want to and there's a two-year
period in which they can disengage from
the European Union but there's never
been a precedent for a member leaving so
the process is really unclear and nobody
knows what the consequences will be for
the European Union at large and for the
UK in particular so there's a lot of
guesswork ahead
