Marco Rubio this guy was sweating so
badly oh he was sweating
honestly it was disgusting wait and
Hillary go they had to start to debate
without her I know where she went
it's disgusting I don't want to talk
about now it's too disgusting don't say
it it's disgust that you thought you
asking me all sorts of ridiculous
questions and you know you could see
there was blood coming out of her eyes
blood coming out of her wherever she
said that you got up shook your finger
screamed you're disgusting you're
disgusting and ran out okay I watched
that and I thought it was disgraceful
I've never seen anything like it
she wanted to breast pump in front of me
and I may have said that's disgusting I
may have said something else I thought
it was terrible now you look at Kasich I
don't think he knows what you know did
you see him he has the news conference
all the time when he's eating I have
never seen a human being eat in such a
disgusting fashion seriously did you
ever see a guy eat like this this guy
takes a pancake and he's shoving in his
mouth you
it's disgusting that's disgusting
honestly it's disgusting and then he
apologized like a little baby like a
disgusting little weak pathetic baby
he thinks he's cute he's a disgusting
guy that is a disgusting guy really
disgusting I think what he did is
disgusting I thought that was disgusting
it's a disgusting design disgusting
reporters Rosie O'Donnell's disgusting
she's disgusting she's disgusting really
disgusting though disgust it's
disgusting
