I'm voting Lee because I think that the
British people ought to elect
politicians that they can hold to
account that make all their laws I went
out of the EU so we govern ourselves
control our borders and trade the world
again and not be stuck in a declining
trade bloc I'm not so much voting for
Britain to leave the EU I'm voting to
split up the European Union it's a very
powerful way that the rulers of all
different countries in Europe come
together to essentially shore up their
position that the rest of our expense I
think we will regain our confidence as a
country with the fifth biggest economy
in the world
and we'll realize that actually people
want to trade with us regardless of
whether we're in the EU particular
bugbear of miners that we have to pay
v80 on sanitary products because they're
considered a luxury good we can't change
that the Prime Minister has tried has
asked the EU permission to change that
he shouldn't have to ask permission
the majority of immigrants are
low-skilled entry-level workers and we
need more skilled professionals and we
can't do that with the current system
because the EU system is actually
discriminatory it's quite a racist
system if you are European it's free
entry if you're not your back of the
queue what we don't see is the nasty
side in the what it's doing in terms of
policing the Mediterranean what it's
doing in terms of shipping migrants back
illegally and most of all we're not
really seeing the extraordinary wave of
austerity programs and cuts and for me
that's actually fundamentally what the
EU is about we get the carrots but they
get the stick if we want to make our own
laws based on the politicians that we've
elected ourselves we are a much better
place to repeal anything that has an
adversity
the likelihood is I'll be working for
either an entrepreneur or a small to
medium-sized business and the EU doesn't
work for those they work for the big
banks they work for the big corporations
who lobby a EU level I think the EU is
fundamentally anti-democratic we'd be
stronger outside a stronger democracy
means a stronger economy I think some
people want to remain in the EU because
well there's a lot of brainwashing in
our schools and colleges telling them to
think that way
particular young people forget that
before the EU we were able to travel to
various different EU countries and trade
with them and that we don't need the EU
to allow us to do that Britain can do a
lot better when we're freed up from the
bureaucracy of Europe and we can go into
the world and trade with other countries
