really not at that point where I wanted
let go I don't know if it's me being
selfish or or whatever it is but you
know you have someone just saying I'm
not really good with goodbyes so I don't
want to say goodbye
what was your relationship to Xavier we
had many titles Xavier Xavier and my
best friend
on the drag circus what we like to call
it or whatever I was considered his drag
mother and do you feel like family oh
yeah yeah he went to Chicago with me to
visit my family and they took to him
like water to a sponge so yeah he was
more than family like he was he was like
he was cut from the same cloth him and I
from day one we just click we started as
a salsa dancer just friends and we move
in together and depends where we were it
was depended title that we give to the
people so sometime we were
boyfriend/girlfriend something we were
husband and wife it's sometime we were
just best friends and he was just my
everything we end up having a child
together he's five years old now I don't
believe anyone can understand the kind
of relationship we had together because
they could understand how I was with him
and I have a child but he's gay and he
has a partner outside I know so it was
just a type of relationship the only we
knew what can I have with you ah a dad
that will give anything anything and do
anything to to give a shout whatever he
needed if he needed to go out at 2:00 in
the morning to buy him Cheetos he will
go by him Cheetos and then when did you
learn that that Xavier had passed 3 a.m.
ain't nothing to do at 3 a.m. gonna be
opened it and we've seen three officers
sent outside at 3 in the morning you
know you can pretty much assume that you
know they wasn't coming you know bearing
good news so when they told us what the
final verdict was you know it's just
numbness came over it was just total no
I couldn't feel anything couldn't
breathe couldn't talk you just couldn't
analyze
it was just my mind was nope with
nowhere where I supposed to be how do
you explain this to your son I don't
know it's a good question he doesn't
know yet
I have appointment with psychologists I
really don't know what to expect can you
tell me a little bit about Leroy well I
don't know if I can say exactly what I
want to say on camera it was just a goof
ball by all means but he was he was
loved by many and it still is loved by
many him and Xavier together it was like
it was like the yin and yang it was like
they they they bounced each other so
well I believe it is just just crazy
like beyond crazy ridiculous how do you
guys recover from this how does the LGBT
community Orlando recover from this I
don't think there no wonder we're
actually this is my personal opinion
recover from this I do think that this
is the chance for our community to band
together as one and be there for each
other even though we have a loss to but
we still have to be there for the other
families and other victims so it's half
of us out to band together and become
you know United as one
