we're driving up to Ely state prison in
Nevada this is where Scott Dozier is
being held
so you were convicted of two murders
you've been on death row for 10 years
yep that's right why are you still alive
right
judge you know at the beginning of this
when mr. Dozier first said I want to
give up all my rights and submit to the
sentence do you found me confident he
has been consistent with you from the
very beginning the bottom line here is
it's his choice
how much do you think these decisions by
states to only move forward with drugs
has to do with public image has to do
with objects has a lot to do with it
it's not a pretty sight to take
somebody's life whether you do it with
lethal injection firing squad electric
tear gas chamber or whatever it's very
serious the whole situation of taking a
life is not pretty if you have the death
penalty you've got to find a way to pull
it off and understand that you can't
window dress it which is what they've
tried to do with lethal injections or
you get rid of it
how do you feel about this date using
fentanyl together I think it's awesome
I mean it's killing people all over the
place you guys kid pharmaceutical grade
fentanyl and just bang me up and he's a
shit-ton
you
