I wrote that letter to Secretary Clinton
because as Secretary of State she had
the authority to be able to invoke
diplomatic immunity on my behalf
never heard back from her at all
we're here in lisbon portugal to meet
with sabrina de souza a former CIA
officer who faces extradition to Italy
any day now over the rendition of a
radical Egyptian cleric that took place
back in 2003 in 2003 a radical Egyptian
cleric named Abu Omar was kidnapped off
the streets of Milan by CIA officers he
was rendered to Egypt where he says he
was tortured in 2009 Sybrina de Souza
and two dozen other CIA officers were
convicted in absentia in Italy for their
role in the operation de Souza has long
maintained she had nothing to do with
the rendition last year she travelled to
Lisbon Portugal in an effort to clear
her name but in October D'Souza was
picked up at Lisbon Airport on an
outstanding european arrest warrant
several legal appeals in portugal have
since failed and now de Souza is set to
be extradited to Italy where she will
learn her fate a four year prison
sentence or a new trial 13 years after
one of the most notorious
counterterrorism operations in the
history of the CIA de Souza is set to
become the only person held accountable
for it
Sybrina the last time we were out here
in Portugal you launched an effort to
try and clear your name now you face the
prospect of being extradited to Italy
what's happened since then at that time
I was trying to volunteer and go to
Italy to clear my name since then I was
detained on the way to see my mother in
India and the extradition process began
if you're sent to jail you would
actually be the first CIA officer
imprisoned over the rendition program
one I will be the first CIA officer to
go to jail secondly I'll be the first US
diplomat to go to jail and thirdly I
will be the one person who then has to
shoulder the entire responsibility of a
program that was designed by the
president of the unit and authorized by
the President of the United States one
of the government officials that you
reached out to for help
back in 2012
was then Secretary of State Hillary
Clinton your attorney at the time wrote
a letter to her can you tell me about
this letter I wrote that letter to
Secretary Clinton because our Secretary
of State she had the authority to be
able to invoke diplomatic immunity on my
behalf and and on the other defendants
as well who were credited to Italy so
that was one issue the second one was
her obligations as Secretary of State to
investigate allegations of torture as
you know Abu Omar alleged torture while
he was in Egypt and according to the
Convention Against Torture if this
information is brought to a US official
they have an obligation to investigate
never heard back though from her at all
you know one of the issues that came up
when her emails were released her
unofficial adviser Sidney Blumenthal
actually told her to never ever mention
torture to never discuss it publicly
that there's no upside to it that's
rather surprising because it is an
obligation for an official to do so I
mean an adviser can say something like
that but I don't know how you can avoid
that issue I mean this is so huge now I
mean there are investigations in Europe
ongoing right now and in the u.s. there
are no investigations the Abu Omar
investigation likely never took place
because the u.s. till today does not
confirm nor deny that the renditions
took place and that even I don't exist
what's the impact of you going to jail
are there any repercussions absolutely a
US diplomat going to jail that is HUGE I
mean for certainly for something that I
did not authorize and was not my
decision this decision was made at the
highest levels of the United States
government and for that every diplomat
deserves protections and when you say
this decision you're talking about the
rendition the rendition of Abu Omar
absolutely was authorized at the highest
levels the NSA the National Security
Council
this is a really bad precedent-setting
move for all federal employees
especially those assigned overseas when
you go overseas and you don't have the
protections you think you need and
deserve over there
it's a little bit scary you know what do
you think Hillary Clinton should be
doing right now I think the most
important thing
Secretary Clinton can do right now is
comment so going in if she becomes
president then at least everyone knows
her position on it
everything spoke to Alomar and it was
odd he was very supportive of you and
said that you should be pardoned and
exonerated I mean I have a four you know
for my agency employee he said to me how
embarrassing is this Mundy for the for
the CIA when the terrorists then starts
to support you in this whole story
you
