if you go back to our founding fathers
everything's based on Christians I don't
think people of other religions of other
beliefs are just come in and just tear
down everything that we've built this
country
maybe it's time that once again we say
we're gonna stand for America one nation
under God
we're in mint a chi Mississippi and
today is the National Day of Prayer
there are 20,000 gatherings like this
across America today where people are
coming together to pray for their nation
in fact a lot of them think that America
has gone off the righteous path and that
their very freedom to practice their
Christian faith is under threat we do
all have concerns about our nation and
we want it to be a godly Christian
nation evangelicals are responding to
sweeping cultural changes in American
society like the legalization of gay
marriage with a push for new laws that
protect Christians rights specifically
the right to refuse services to LGBT
couples looking to get married or adopt
children they're calling them religious
liberty laws the federal government
sometimes is trying to quieten the
Christians and keep the Christians from
spreading the gospel that we're supposed
to Randy Boyd is a representative in the
Mississippi legislature and one of the
sponsors of the state's version of the
law which makes it possible for say a
florist to refuse providing service at a
gay couple's wedding Christians are
being persecuted in America today and I
thought this was one way that we might
possibly protect the rights of
Christians and in Mississippi critics
say the law discriminates against the
LGBT community but supporters say the
cultural pendulum has swung in the
opposite direction even though
Mississippi is obviously a very
Christian state sixty-three percent of
respondents in a recent poll thought
that the protections were necessary and
it's not just Mississippi half of
Americans think that Christians are as
discriminated against as other religious
and ethnic groups it's part of a
phenomenon where once influential
churches feel their relevance waning as
the American landscape changes they're
not as many Christians as he used to be
our voice deal should be counted dr.
John Adams is a Southern Baptist
preacher and a supporter of the bill he
said he was glad no one could force him
to officiate a gay wedding
some of the outsiders are surprised
that you would need a law in a
thoroughly Christian state yeah to
protect Christians from discrimination
how could the majority in the state be
discriminated against by the minority
Christians in America at one time were
the majority we are no more we are
becoming a minority though church
attendance has fallen American
Christians are hardly a minority surveys
say seventy to eighty percent of the
population see themselves as Christian
so we went to the Harvard Divinity
School to meet professor Dudley rose to
find out where the misperception of a
Christian minority is coming from why
are there people in thoroughly Christian
communities who genuinely believe that
their religious liberty is under attack
in my mind it's a reaction to a change
from a time when the values of the
dominant religious landscape were pretty
coincident with the values of society
and when that begins to change it feels
like a and a tremendous loss so it's not
really an attack on their religious
liberty no I don't think so I don't
think so I mean an attack on religious
liberty would be to say okay you know
we're a secular nation now you can't
have your church there wanting to say
look what I had I want and God wants it
too
back in man touchy we visit pastor Adams
weekly youth church group and it's clear
that even here in rural Mississippi
attitudes are beginning to change among
the younger generation you know the
thing that the law protects people in
Mississippi from having to do is if you
work at a bakery for example and a gay
couple comes to the bakery and they say
we want you to bake us a cake for our
wedding then the baker can turn them
down do you guys think that that's
discrimination
if you go back to our founding fathers
everything's based on Christians I don't
think people of other religions of other
beliefs would just come in and just tear
down everything that we've built this
country home no we live in a country of
liberty that two people make a decision
that does not hurt anyone else
the only involves better is really you
just put them they shouldn't be treated
any differently named Mills every
landmark legal decision carries some
fallout but the cultural shift on gay
marriage and the fact that many young
people support it suggests that the
debate over religious freedom will be
intense but short-lived
you
