of the course of the war in eastern
Ukraine hundreds of Ukrainian soldiers
have been taken captive or gone missing
the families of those soldiers have
faced an arduous and bureaucratic
process to track down their sons with
many having to take it upon themselves
to ascertain what happened British
journalist Lily Hyde has been
documenting some of these family's
struggles so Lily how did you start
working with these families looking for
their missing family members it was
actually kind of personal beginning is a
friend of mine here who's Ukrainian her
son went missing all right and
fortunately he turned up he turned out
to be a prisoner and he's since been
released but that made me realize that
it was a problem and then the more I
researched it the more I could see that
it was a huge problem these families had
nowhere ago it wasn't clear which
organization they were supposed to go to
for help they were getting bounced from
spu to police to prosecutor and being
treated as if they didn't matter why
were these organizations these different
government departments so difficult with
these people I think there was no system
because nobody expected a war but I also
think it's a legacy of the Soviet Union
that's never respective individuals and
there's never been a culture of openness
it's the opposite has always been a
culture of secrecy you never let people
know what's going on so the war started
in Ukraine sent its troops out there was
there any database of its soldiers that
people could draw upon no they didn't
have dog tags and they didn't have any
kind of system of taking other
like medical records whether they didn't
have any collection of you know dental
dental cards or blood samples nothing
hundreds of Ukrainian soldiers were
captured after the battle of ill of ice
some remain missing we're going to speak
to a mother of one of those soldiers to
talk about her struggle in finding her
son after 18 months of searching and
trying to find out what happened to your
son what do you know so far the other
women took over Brewster coupons to
launch a subliminal alcoholic wish of
the times that I told CSO marta etura
which are your new copy ronia snow
communist Smith name is Ricky la misma
kumoi's click me Qatari Emir kakuta
informado to the families of the other
soldiers that were with andreina what
happened to their sons terani terms of
some hockey I you should hear he is
Rodney proposing with Kobe chaser if
it's an ocarina wishing to Zulu brute
talk about people who have wrought with
other the get an abortion postage killed
a fat kid to award no joke were you ever
told that your son had been killed
Newton alumina is tolko Rosco certain
stone each additional supper Dean so
partial match with the remains that
they'd found though he blame for what
happened to Andre nunca vou at the
boniva smooth no northward kokuboro
twitching floor vistaca here Nina's no
pasaba temptation but not a practical
EDT skin changes in the cranium when
immersion near relative unknown yes to
need the sharp which is betrayal odia
rastelli data of lighter statistical
blue boy when you
