mr. Venus en una casa de las otras sino
consume esto en la manana
nobody's coming quanto TNA cootie bond o
se esta plant aquí en la sierra de o
desde que una SI los delitos como
extortion como si questro como el rojo
el asalto locution el asesinato todos
ellos pueden Dairy Bar C del actividad
Meadowlark a es a production de lama
pola de la comédie okay
Hey
where didn't get your needles as far as
the pharmacies go they've I had to seven
you know it used to be they wouldn't you
could I like a anything she's without
ascription now so what do you call this
you call this black retard
John Glenn yeah it's even one yes powder
lately but it's still but you're still
talking ain't nothing cool about this
 at all man I lost my job much much
I didn't look oh my daughter this
sharp a couple times already today the
first thing is warning and probably
around
it's immediate you feel it right away
that's my favorite feeling man it's like
a lady would say take a load off they
back there what for you whatever man I
feel a load off my chance the United
States is in the middle of a drug
epidemic the kind it hasn't seen in
decades opioid abuse in the form of
prescription drugs and heroin four in
five heroin users new heroin users
started out by misusing prescription
drugs opioid-related overdoses
quadrupled between 2002 and 2013
according to the Center for Disease
Control then hit record breaking levels
in 2014 for years the heroin market had
been dominated by opium from Central and
South Asia with the surge in opioid
addiction in the u.s. Mexico has become
the third largest opium producer in the
world and the largest supplier of heroin
to the United States so what is this
surge in the heroin trade mean from
Mexico a country that until recently had
barely ever been associated with the
International opium trade vice news
traveled to the beginning of the opium
production line in Mexico to follow its
destructive path all the way from poppy
plantations to trafficking across the
border and to see the human cost of this
lucrative trade
we're in chief on single the capital of
the state of Guerrero here in southern
Mexico and we're going to be travelling
up into these hills and these rugged
mountains in the Sierra of Guerrero
where few people ever really go we
wanted to see a Guerrero poppy
plantation up close so we contacted
someone who can take us to an opium
producing town for security reasons we
could not reveal this identity nor was
this get married its Lucas Castellanos
Valley style study tourism places like
Theresa say as night fell we reached our
destination
when we rode into town a car turned onto
the road clicked on its headlights and
followed us in signaling to us that
local leaders knew we had arrived
morning here in Hakka here in the high
mountains of guerrero and around these
hills
there are avocado plantations and also
poppy plantations so right now we're
going to go to check out one of these
plantations and then hike down
these individuals and farmers are
regular folks who are just trying to
provide for their families planting a
crop that has been grown here for
decades
one of them I'll get it oh there are
almost no government services here no
police no rule of law and if anything
only the military comes by on occasion
to eradicate poppy fields this region
known by some is the Pentagon of poppy
is set to produce between 40 and 60
percent of Mexico supply what you see
here is a relatively small patch of
poppy but this is how it's grown in
these hillsides so from the air it is it
is rather difficult to to identify into
spot we're not talking about huge long
fields of this flower we're talking
about these small patches which this
alone I should say will produce about
three kilos of the poppies gum the the
SAP a kilo is currently sold at about
fifteen thousand vessels which is about
one thousand dollars they do a cycle of
cultivation that lasts about four months
so they can do three a year so you can
imagine how its profitable for farmers
who are in these isolated mountains that
are essentially neglected and forgotten
by the state and federal government yeah
Coonan bought a lot of llamas well this
is just a canister it actually looks
like Comex juice can that the campesinos
here tell us is used to collect the SAP
of the poppy flower I asked the farmer
who took us to the field if he was
involved in the production of opium
after the poppy harvest is el-amarna
he's yellow que no tenemos otra manera
en Espana went ahead only the force of
spirit mm okay
porque lo mismo que ahora que me Sookie
stamina damos st o las cosas del ik
toeses mr. Lupo probar si s amarga Marga
no Nicotra Padma hi es loca 7d my song
just went numb a little bit el campesino
en la product or de drogas elicit 'as es
el on ellos mess devil en muchísimo scan
soz es la que su fray on a condition de
marginalization adentro de los processes
de desarrollo ruin the desarrollo social
de su spices Antonio Massa tally is the
regional representative of the United
Nations Office of Drugs and Crime in
Mexico City empanada implementer ojala
que si de en mexico
programas de desarrollo alternative o
que pueden ayudar los campesinos ela
zonas like ah no me and Ella zonas de
producción and a amapola a enter our
adentro de los circle osa yo diría
virtuoso de la economía formal
desarrollo agraria pero no solo day sir
oye agario escuela hospitals presencia
del estado leg alle da de quien paga por
esta situación clara mentes la
population sevilla
for years Mexico's government has used
its army as the main tool to destroy
poppy fields while some of these
campaigns have been successful they
haven't stopped production we tagged
along during one recent operation in
Guerrero no Yavin la hija de los program
nto no somos como narcotraffic antes y
es gente con mucha necesidades muchas
currencies yo creo que hay problema en
la escena las Casas tendría que votar
sido una manera muy integral y por un
grupo de personas puede todo lo zombie
tous de del actividad de meto sociale no
para poder entender que es lo que genera
motiva impulse este tipo actividades
estamos hablando de las conscience de
Peau brezza casey say recognize any
existing
ah si el moro este es la distancia proxy
mada quiero que en todo momento conserva
la disciplina de marcha ILC hallo
we Tom's opposed a lattice to tune the
locust sell plenty of alert
antes en algunos casos saseru so del
Barrio El Barrio Azteca nuna con una
pollo con una vara se rompe ella la
planta yo no soy a sadist we da sin
embargo que de toda via Bible gulp oh
yes a boo-boo puede ser recollect all yo
a rayado ante no tend rien lo que
momento Keenan a stable Toya put out a
legume beneficial ESPA radio can este
momento us on us hemos estado por
destroyed a plan to tolerate tallied up
in love incinerator subject emitted some
hablando people eunuch terrorism in
metros estaremos obtain indogene 2 grams
of morphine to a chain that gram of
felony
seguramente stay plenty o Bashar
al-assad momenta in the futon este año
que ando see closest a massive element
warm severe history into moment
quantization oven and thus will o si
numerous Kadeem of a complete
consolidation
l cultivo del amapola try consiga otro
tipo de delitos que vienen este
accompany ADO's es decir los delitos
como extortion como el se questro como
él robó el asalto logic you she owned el
asesinato todos ellos pueden Dairy Bar C
del actividad module our case in
pollution de la jolla de la comédie open
to produce and move opium through the
mountains routes are necessary where the
crime groups require cooperation or at
least silence from the locals along
these routes cartels practice extortion
or in extreme cases decide to take over
territory with brute force we spoke to
the polio survey Ronnie's mayor of a
municipality in Guerrero who told us
about one place where this happened M
percerin acantilados
vato Marcia's favorite areas en vez y
todo el sector do della
commercialization cave en estas
population a via muchos sequester Oh
muchos s operations Portales igualmente
el el pang no esto de Calabria Errol
extortion donde las familias titanium
cable habla goddess Aunt Eller una quota
yes a Seminole mensch wall but a
aquellos Aharon habitats especially yo
pollo agreed to give us a tour of La
Cienega
a village that had to be abandoned a
couple years ago by its residents as a
result of threats from a drug gang we
were escorted there by heavily armed
agents dressed as civilians
the Heron shows my blesses Camaro
plateaued oh no sir but no say we're
only source document as identification
personnel
abandoned houses burned down properties
the sights we saw were awful an entire
community displaced by the drug trade
bullied out of their homes and their
town and forgotten by Mexico
Estel escuela Guerra let's go a little
maria del pueblo porque la cañada tompa
can you cover in the news well there is
chalkboard some books and papers some
student chairs thrown about but
basically just a ruin of what was once a
primary school serving the small
community that is this town called La
Cienega
it's very sad-looking yakumo pasado
quarantining and quit one of the primary
all of these residents were displaced
from a municipality called san miguel
total upon in guerreros Guerra Caliente
region across the country at least
280,000 people are internally displaced
about 21 percent of whom are estimated
to be in Guerrero according to a Human
Rights observers if there were anything
similar to a refugee camp in
contemporary Mexico would be a place
like this 165 people live in this small
community of what are technically
internally displaced Mexican people
living within the country unable to
return to their communities to their
homes to their farm lands because of the
drug trade that is occurring here in
Guerrero
nosotros I mean the same was the museum
self in that was a real offensive propia
but all was no no podemos tener miedo me
no savvy I edit Oh entonces Segundo de
aquellas to be wrong
Burleson de las casas for Jonathan Ames
otra opción
please yeah no centromere tu casa como
si every Arab looking like a model
bakumaru you know the mother you look at
killing a samurai yerba sembra are
marijuana marijuana llama :
yesterday hey you see more hopeful
person
michaela production de lama paulo es un
mercado diría casi mono/poly co any
sentido de mas del noventa y dos por
ciento de la producción de lama paulo
y ella more FINA de la arena se
concentran Afghanistan
I own a ser de otros países en tres de
mexico que tienen una prolusion Limitada
campaña de la que es la demanda global
cape arrow o phrase y Brina encuentra
dome and hacer a hyuna's como es por
ejemplo caso de la production en mexico
y de la consumo del amor final arrow in
a particular en estados unidos a cake
improve our que este tráfico es
exclusive Ament
de production mexicana o a dentro de los
canals de traffic no esta pasando
también era una produc'd a sin otro
spices pero commercialize Ana's pour
grupos mexicanos the border between
Mexico and the US is one of the biggest
drug crossing lines on the planet
Tijuana Nogales chewed-up RS Paris
negress with mobile our lor key
trafficking points to move drugs into
the u.s. at least two cartels operate in
Cuates the Juarez cartel and the much
more dominant
Sinaloa cartel their battleground is the
highly lucrative gateway to drug markets
in the central and eastern US
and while in guerrero authorities
concentrate on eradicating poverty field
to Cuates the government tries to
intercept the drugs before they cross
over we headed to the attorney general's
office in 2004's there we visited a
warehouse that stores all of the drugs
seized enroute to the United States it's
a la bodega Tico's eating potatoes of
Aleppo
I guess the same avocado Paris or
Eduardo receding Karimi co-composer is
emploi visto nada zv2 narcotic mm-hmm
when traffickers attempt to take Mexican
drugs across the United States and if
they get caught by Mexican authorities
this is what it looks like right here
well this is just one example of the
packages of Mexican black tar heroin
that find their way here in the
possession of mexican officials we
headed next to a mexican military base
where routine drug incineration was
about to take place
the heat is very intense from this pile
of decommissioned narcotics that the
government and the military are very
proudly incinerating today society
Nietzsche from Mexico's attorneys
generals office told us about the
current transition taking place in the
country's drug producing market may
succeed the marina
yeah no time to Ella marijuana
professional de Quinta's los novios
annastolz news the serious
propia marijuana correctness we mean
they're no regular place with a
denominator in the solicitation
this is in theory Monica in cambio quest
la tierra on the image here and even
American Italian opera
while heroin use has grown in the US and
Mexico its use is relatively low and an
opioid addiction epidemic like that seen
in the United States hasn't occurred
however in border cities such as quad
assert wanna heroin abuse is more common
as some of the drugs that can't make it
across the border stay on the Mexican
side and enter the local market we're on
our way now
to meet an individual who has become a
pastor who actually grew up in a prison
became a drug addict in prison
met his wife and together they emerged
from the penal system here in the state
of Chihuahua to lead a community center
a support center for young men and even
children who were born into a life of
crime and addiction
the 1/n times being tuna uses to enter
into nineties prácticamente Ventrilo dos
anos de la cárcel si por la muerte mi
padre mi madre kita la vie de mi padre
dou y para la cara men take on mi madre
la ultima vez tenia dec nueva anos de la
y tenía Cinco message adversely o la
cárcel lakita la vida oven upon
Yolanda's the circus yet opinion Ladas
blessed rosetta su cabeza an unseen
internist a pious after serving his time
pastor Nunez left addiction for good and
the shelter he now runs with his wife
has helped raise children who would
otherwise be forgotten by the system
into darkness
no Trudy most Rizal Coleman or Adela e
por ejemplo yo tengo el lugar con
capacidad ahmo's Parisienne Nino's pero
no tengo los recursos para sus tener los
ninos intone solamente tengo venti tres
pastor Nunez councils and helps addicts
since you doubt Cuates he took us to an
abandoned house where we met from the US
in Yanis no police come now no puede
caminar momento I dunno de huevos de
diarrhea a constant ed o los de cabeza
vamos lá lá pass la parte de Abajo de un
bote a para para dis ol Verla entonces
vamos lo que es el en algo donde un
cigarillo algo que lo más no más cercano
que tenemos la nieve an Tom owes me
garlicky
you look at what I said is despacio
40,000 Oh Lord he unites Paris you know
really put they are the missing are they
or really are they Tendo and you know
this poor oh I see no that's you
well we just saw one example of how
users of heroin here in 2000
gather in these kinds of spaces known as
pecados sort of injection houses there's
human excrement
here there are syringes used syringes
literally all over the floor and this is
just one of the many places where
addicts of this drug gather in order to
to get their dose and get their fix this
city has suffered immensely as a result
of the conflict over its trafficking
routes into the u.s. in Mexico different
cartels try to outsmart border security
and smuggle heroin across the 2000 mile
long land border that these two
countries shared
today we're going to interview a special
agent with the US Drug Enforcement
Administration we're going to tell us a
little bit more about how this operation
is working at how the Mexican drug
trafficking organizations are moving
this product to consumers here and
really across the whole western United
States traditionally what we see is
sophisticated conceal traps and vehicles
body carriers tunnels vessels alanna
coasts they don't really stop they try
to be as innovative as possible and we
try to stay ahead of them but it could
be difficult at times so what we're
seeing in this division and throughout
DEA is a tremendous increase in heroin
seizures particularly to the heroin is
crossing the southwest border as an
example in 2008 the seizure numbers were
roughly 550 kilograms fast forward to
2014 we're looking at a little over 21
hundred kilograms and the numbers are
consistently going going forward love
seizures act at the crossing that
crossed the border rights 95 percent of
what we've seen he see here in the Los
Angeles area as far as distribution this
black tar but we also see a gang going
back to the transportation moving their
product to Chicago where the price
obviously go up st. Louis and they also
moving it even further east now
just blocks from the DEA office in
downtown LA that heroin was
exceptionally easy to find
see Jess
you wouldn't suggest anybody like you no
one suggests anybody to get on this
I never say I ever asked me for their
first time
for sure
that's one thing I will not do maybe you
could get off favor I need you I've been
thinking really strongly about 500d jobs
that I really have
what we've seen now the entire cycle
from the cultivation of the poppy plant
a transport of this drug and of this
narcotic here to the streets of the
United States it's still had to be
difficult to break and incredibly
difficult for users like Nate Wright
here to get out of the cycle and try to
get themselves better as they continue
to use this drug heroin
el problema en Sedonas no es tanto
eliminar a cultivo quanto llevar una
fair tauriello consistent a sustained
table de servicios pour parte del estado
por parte de la sociedad en lugar es que
por demasiado de tiempo and sido
abandonado cisu probably the steerer
we're losing a generation of future
leaders to this problem and who are
those users you know is it a diverse
it's very diverse
there's your friends is my friends your
family is my friends family you know
it's as close as that I often mention to
folks don't assume because you you see a
problem in one area in this country
let's say an inner city and think that
it's not affecting you it is and it will
drug cartels make billions of dollars a
year trafficking heroin and other
narcotics to users government spend
billions a year trying to stop them
everyone else on the supply line is
neglected from the farmers in Mexico to
the users in the u.s. earlier this year
the governor of the state of guerrero
made headlines when he publicly floated
the idea of legalizing and regulating
poppy production in his state for
medicinal purposes while governments
around the world inched closer and
closer to legalizing some narcotics
there are still not enough being done to
stamp out the violence and justices and
the health crises generated by this
opioid abuse phenomenon and in Mexico
the cultivation and production of black
tar heroin shows no sign of letting up
as long as there is no comprehensive
strategy or control of substances that
are both legal and illegal the surest
thing is that this cross-border epidemic
will not end
