I had no clue that you can't vote from
your uncle oh you're depriving me of
certain rights you know that could
easily leave me backwards I think that
it's very important
Yuri establish yourself as a citizen I'm
doing everything that a regular citizen
would do but you're telling me I can't
hold it's election season in the US and
while voting is one of the most
fundamental rights of an American
citizen millions of people have had that
right taken away here in New York State
more than a hundred thousand people
can't vote due to a felony conviction
many are long out of prison working and
paying taxes like the average American
we're outside the headquarters for
parole services in downtown Brooklyn and
today Stephen and Brandon from an
organization called vocal New York are
going to be canvassing outside and
speaking to parolees about how to
restore their right to vote we're going
up to Albany to meet with these state
senators and we want you to come and
tell your story tell them why you
believe you deserve to have your voting
rights back this legislative session New
York State is expected to consider a
bill that would give voting rights to
felons immediately after their release
from prison
the current law doesn't restore voting
rights until after parole if passed this
year parolees like Steven Johnson could
potentially vote in the upcoming
presidential election I just came home
for the 125 right we doing football Eddy
bite as ex-cons is coming home from jail
and they tried to stop us from voting
they tied tape all right Steven spent 25
years in prison for second-degree
manslaughter he was released three
months ago showing him the ropes is
Brandon Holmes a community organizer he
wasn't having it
they were more receptive to a guy who
didn't know has been in there I've been
every jail there are hours guys and you
got to talk to them like that like we're
formerly incarcerated we know what it's
like we've been inside we're back home
now we have the power to have this
conversation in the space and we need to
start exercising that
across the u.s. there are currently six
million people with felony convictions
who are banned from voting by laws that
date back to the 19th century in the
u.s. there's no single law regarding
voting rights for felons in some states
a felon never loses the right to vote
even in prison in others those rights
are lost forever in most states like New
York the right to vote can only be
restored after a person completes their
sentence and that includes parole it's
 up that we can say we're
fortunate in New York state that you can
vote after you're done with parole but
the fact that you're even back in your
community and some people are returning
to life with their family and children
they gotta put food on the table and
they can't vote for programs that could
actually like save their community or
save their family so Steven why is
voting important to you you come home
after doing 25 years I think that it's
very important that you reestablish
yourself as a citizen every citizen in
any state has the power when you have
voting power that mean that you count
for something by you voting someone in
for office saying well you vote that
person in you could vote that person out
you know you're voting for him because
you think he's gonna do something for
the people on your neighborhood your
community your country I'm doing
everything that a regular citizen would
do but you're telling me I can't vote
without that you know everybody gonna
keep on looking at you like well he's
still a criminal I feel that's how I
feel about the mother whole thing you
know keV I can't vote they usually say
and I'm still a criminal Stephen may
always feel like a criminal because his
sentence has him on parole for life
who's ever heard of someone being on
parole for life
unless you know someone or like you've
seen it well I have 25 I had 25 to life
and I'm out now so I consider Leah's
life a role so you could potentially
never get your right to vote back true I
worry about it that's why I'm here now
I'm part of organizations if we're gonna
get this the execs we punish them for
committing these crimes but we're still
gonna trip them up and they're still
gonna continue to pay for this it
literally comes down to just racist
policies it all stems from Jim Crow era
most felon disenfranchisement laws were
enacted immediately after the Civil War
when the right to vote was extended to
African American men other laws passed
at that time like poll taxes and
literacy tests also sought to restrict
access to the polls the Voting Rights
Act of 1965 reversed many of those
restrictive laws but not felon
disenfranchisement so today there are
actually five times as many
african-americans barred from voting
than there were before the Voting Rights
Act passed and that's because one out of
every 13 African Americans can't vote
because of felony convictions a result
of a criminal justice system that
disproportionately locks up minorities
my job is to end mass incarceration and
that sounds like a huge you know blanket
statement but that starts with the
collateral consequences you know when
people are coming home and they can't
get jobs and they can't get housing they
don't vote you know so they're not
civically engaged and then it leads to
high recidivism rates proponents of
these laws claim they deter criminals
and provide retribution and
rehabilitation but the American
probation and parole Association has
said that there is no credible evidence
to suggest these laws serve any
legitimate law enforcement purpose in
fact a study in 2004 found evidence to
suggest that former prisoners whose
voting rights were restored were
significantly less likely to return to
the criminal justice system Stephen and
his peers at vocal are working towards
changing the felon voting law in New
York and today he's leading a meeting to
discuss why voting rights matter we
can't sit around with four other people
that hasn't been consummated to ask them
to fight for something that they don't
understand everyone who showed up had
been incarcerated and was dealing with
the hardships of living with a felony
conviction you know I come on my tires I
walk lightly don't curse you know but
our voices I had no clue that you can
vote me
you're depriving me of sign rights you
know that could easily leave me
backwards some will be on parole for the
rest of their life and that means you
cannot vote for the rest of your life
and that's just all part of the
disenchant fries man I don't know if I
said that was my disenfranchisement of
minorities the politicians are few the
people are many they know that the
people have the power so in order for
them to keep what they have they try to
take away as much as that power as they
can without that power no you don't have
much noticed and you know no matter what
you no matter what you try to do you
really don't have much to say by you
having voting rights you're part of your
community you become a pillar in your
community there's three huge things
there's jobs housing and voting when
you've got a job you're stable enough
right and you're focused enough to
maintain your housing when you've got
housing you're comfortable right and
you're you're happy you're content now
voting is gonna make sure that you can
guarantee those things not only for
yourself but for the future your
community as we saw in 2000 presidential
elections can be decided by as little as
537 votes there are currently six
million people banned from the ballot
box because of felony convictions and in
a tight race their votes could make all
the difference how would you feel if
sometime in the next couple of months
the law in New York changes and you're
able to vote in this election
I would go ahead and be the first from
the sign of the boat and then I would
feel a lot better
you
