Aaron Adler is a paramedic in East
Jerusalem responding to almost daily
incidents of violence
Aaron was also one of the first
paramedics to arrive at the scene of an
attack where three bus passengers were
fatally stabbed so in the past week okay
let's see so there was
it's Sunday now right on Wednesday we
had two attacks after the other there
was an attempt in the Damascus Gate
where the terrace was shot and killed
before he was able to stab anyone
on Thursday evening on Thursday evening
we had a police officer who was a
attacked by via twenty-year-old
terrorists with a butcher's knife I
think back then I'm sure there was
something inside there on Monday as well
but I'm not even throw but what's on
Monday anymore it's been a few dive been
to a few dozen attacks in the past six
weeks
we're in our moaning it's Eve it's
neighborhood it on the eastern side of
Jerusalem
if border lines Java will conquer which
is right behind us mostly an Arab
neighborhood this is right right here
where we are is where the attack on on
bus 78 was there's a left up right over
there where the terrorists actually got
on they got on and immediately started
the attack and then I remember parking
my motorcycle getting off I took off my
helmet and I'm sorry I heard three
gunshots and obviously on the way and I
called it in I I let the dispatch know
that they're still shooting on the scene
that everyone following should should
put a bulletproof vests and helmets
which we have unfortunately have in our
ambulances it's uh scary
I ended up taking a patient to the
hospital who that point I thought still
had a chance on the way we gave him IV
fluids intubated him need a thoracotomy
whatever we can to try treating him and
he he coded about a minute before we got
to the hospital you look back afterwards
and you see you see that he passed away
you see that and there's like a mixed
feeling of guilt on the one hand you
know another you know that you did what
you have to it's it just just it's cold
it's cold triage that's what it is I've
had nights where I haven't slept and
woke up with nightmares and it's uh not
a focus for four days after so needs
attacks but when we're there we we do
what we're trained to do there's
definitely you feel when you go out to a
call like this like that in a way the
weight of the entire country is on your
shoulders when you know when when
someone gets hit by a car it's it's his
tragedy just family's tragedy as friends
but on a national level you know people
don't feel it when when it's a terror
incident then it's it's everyone it's
everyone's it's everyone's child it's
everyone's friend
you
