so we're here in the male it's the
historic Jewish district of Paris one of
the most famous Jewish neighborhoods in
Europe and we're going to meet the
executive director of CRIF it's an
umbrella organization of Jewish groups
that sort of monitors the security
situation for Jewish people in the
country so apart from the Charlie Hebdo
attacks have you seen any change in the
number of anti-semitic attacks the
numbers for last year was very high over
900 anti-semitic ads and we believe this
year will not be better so when you say
a tag what do you mean
basically it can go from a physical
attack to gravity in a building to an
insult how do you gauge the mood of the
Jewish community in Paris they're very
worried and they're questioning the
future of their children in this country
and this is an unstable situation that
we've not known in the past in 1970 only
7,000 French kids went to Jewish schools
today it's 35,000 and 35,000 kids are
going to Christian schools why are they
in danger in public schools one of the
issues is the integration of the Muslim
population essentially the Muslim
population that has arrived in France in
the past 20-30 years which has not been
integrated which is refused also to be
integrated in the French system so
Jewish parents in France are actually
pulling the kids out of schools
effectively to get them away from Muslim
students yes now we have 2,500 Imams and
it's very difficult to control and and
nobody knows what's being told what's
being taught in these in these most what
what do you mean that it's very
difficult to control
what's being taught us I mean I mean
it's it's no one's controlling what's
taught in synagogues right or what's
taught in churches the issue with the
amount is the fact that there is not one
school full Imams in France and the
Imams are brought and paid by the
embassies of Morocco Algerian Turkey
even though the violent people by far
not the majority of the Israel of the
Muslim population the very very small
part of the population but a very small
part is already many people
I'm on my way to the oldest Jewish
school and France one of the largest in
Europe to talk to the principal about
security for Jewish students already I'm
seeing armed guards outside the school
as I'm approaching so how many kids are
at the school wars on thousands of
children yeah it's quite a surprising
thing really to to walk into school and
see such huge guns with these children
around 50 months totality open oh man
born in children entrepreneur certainly
be treated Wow disorder moves on to like
a freak a political dream it was all
here in a few critical Judaism protege
so that I would allow a devil Putin
system the security causes wada kami
rock was a system the video survey on
the Guardian the the Kooskia for poor
this has the security camera video motto
visible deepen see one hoga shor skis
apostle exterior compadre security for
insert euro garden pesky space s yaki
chose the normal in unison Yahoo
so something we've been hearing over the
last couple of years from France is that
more young French Jewish people are
choosing to leave the country and in
some cases moved to Israel after
graduating bokudoh no no no family Okita
a cold oil on a style set in reality
ready testify example settin a solo song
read recursive Oh present own sheep oxen
days on funkotron ki te le coalition
d√≠as para para nice hi
Ezra slippery fish partisan response can
build a patio nice hello Oscar says help
us keep a vivo BIA me pop ask if you don
t seem it is no nope
