according to some estimates up to a
quarter million Ukrainians are eligible
to move to Israel under the law of
return
that night Sharansky gave a presentation
to a group of Jewish people who hadn't
quite made up their minds so it's being
housed in this community center full of
signs and posters the Jewish Agency one
of them here which is interesting it
says towns that are waiting for you in
Israel and it's got a bunch marked on
the map including a number of spots in
the West Bank in the occupied
Palestinian territories resolution yeah
do you worry about creating Jewish
Agency posters that do show housing
opportunities in the West Bank given
that much of the world believes those
settlements are illegal we don't do
anything to convince him or her to go to
Western Bank instead of Tel Aviv instead
of Natalya but what do you think about
it I don't think that it is wise and
it's right for us to decide already now
where will be the final borders between
Israel and Palestinian state the Housing
Minister and in Israel has said before
that he actually thinks say French Jew
that European Jews should move to the
settlements to maintain their Jewish
populations would you know this I have
absolutely against any connection
between idea and politics
