kelmot all a tragedy Khun Kat alotta um
Safari so poverty lalala lalala
the battle for Aleppo has been ongoing
since 2012 fighting between Assad's army
the Islamic state and numerous rebel
groups has so far claimed the lives of
at least 250,000 people based in the
western outskirts of the city
jae'sean Mujahideen is a coalition of
armed militias who have been fighting
both the Syrian regime and the Islamic
state since 2014
hey there's another bus Levenberg 38
isn't a lot in Ostia - Allah dub you
settle you nation would you fill him up
with one of these fighters is Abu harb a
former officer in the Syrian army who
abandoned his position at the beginning
of the Civil War having lost one brother
fighting the Islamic state and another
fighting the regime he took us to visit
their graves with his father and fellow
fighter Abu Hussein uh as our war had
said not even donate look bones in Dalia
cotton of irritable booster shed Saban
merciful even sorrows are what surely -
jiminy my message to Dalia was she
became a little beautiful my mother
I wish I had a uranium w initiated in
Islam and it thought of another that the
relics Danny a little metal armor and
linoleum sure the velocity blood- table
left knee captain looked a bladder
booster shattered economy his veto
captain looked a burger hospital
wall astronomers Allah Allah Subhan
Allah Allah Allah Allah Allah Allah sure
the
Abu hob took us to the house his brother
was building before he was killed close
to his own home a short distance from
the Islamic state and regime positions
non-listed
livid you know Laura Thielen listen come
on music ro aha oh right our old duck
and I got bored with it I mother than
Elizabeth Oh
with constant battles of reality life on
aleppo's front lines means that children
are constantly exposed to weapons and
gunfire according to the Syrian
Observatory for Human Rights
more than 13,000 children have been
killed in the conflict today hours
aah-ha-aah
Oh
that's not it amudha beneath me I like
Toto we-we-we couple of the cotyledons
on come on
he's not saying I think about as I was
Tommy Yamaguchi man that was also
managed he also he'll go to my nephew
Sean always different that matters it'll
not so much of time that mother Donna
still has aroma I will not miss lemon
Mojave dr. Eliza Pirrie though here
called the Muslim yeah mausoleum that
let the moon with dr. Nealon doctor
doubly what Indiana began woman's are
eliminating product and abominable but
that doesn't come on we traveled to the
frontline where Abu Karb and his men led
by captain Amin were preparing to fire a
missile into a regime held area
after Lewis ideality SF de moi je
Mujahideen who had your mat Vijayan up
boom double dollars into our water will
ha ha as I swore OPA amudhan Mira at
Astoria is orbiting my Bonnie what at
Maria bismillah portney rated M Tech
Center
I rely on all of our work now madness
movin reassured
I didn't phone it
coconut pi√±a colada Amanda LaGuardia so
Louisville insha'Allah
well again - parent with the hogfish our
to other Amazon room den room and
Waheguru Stark was a diplomat we go
falafel abena home on Peter - accepted
on his own rather than relocating to a
safer area
captain Amin chooses to keep his family
close by in the hope that they will one
day continue to fight against regime and
is pauses
Buddha Buddhist logic okatee kelmot all
a tragedy Coon bukata laughter um say
participated see La Jolla
Madhavi sternum salah forensic ah
mahadeva he'd rather see that Willoughby
had a lot when he lost content where
fakir model of the harmony be Nicola LT
how second mechanic Java what I can
another cycle tied as I can but do you
enjoy out India has a sort of ala jami'a
car Deanna cool boom what Fargo money
self in yoga hot a thoroughly shaken
common denomination Mike one
relationship that bit of kiddo
we are into we're rockin Moroccan
sha-booyah - Savio let Holly on aunty
nyesha we are on a mutashabiha
as the battle for Aleppo intensifies
it's unclear if Josh our Mujahideen will
be successful in pushing the Islamic
state out of the region however it seems
inevitable that if the war in Syria
continues many of its children will grow
up to fight in the conflict
