nationalists agnya tracing our
activities here is not only ally app is
boss a connecting them to Israel and a
community
it says towns that are waiting for you
in Israel including a number of spots in
the West Bank and the occupied
Palestinian territory
you
for all you have to have a substantial
impact on the ground
Jewish immigrants will have to come from
countries beyond France and they are
they're coming from Ukraine and
increasing numbers we went to eastern
Ukraine to see the exodus in real-time
and we met up with Sharansky who has in
the chaos of the Ukrainian war found an
opportunity for Israel I wasn't Q we
have they're all looking although we
traveled to a Sharansky to a Jewish
Agency center on the outskirts of the
city the problem is what you can use the
roots nearest Awad Center to bliss
quiero to Nicki Nostra tradition is
educated woman and why have you decided
to move to Israel yesterday wasn't
motionless
yes absolutely this little community
have you seen a lot of fighting since
the war began last year Papadopoulos
Reno naturally risky no way I was a
regional Azzaro machine Nabila those
wrenches roll on the other may well my
completely average no profit storica
deity rascal is boom whereas otherwise
uncreative thousand civil is my have you
ever been to Israel
mmm euros in position boiling camera
bill camel taking pity lately publish
que las casas shows you're wishy-washy
more this way simply receive your your
risk you know road because that's a car
that's all mature college superiors home
also Chile's the people who end up here
are a lot of them practicing Jews do a
lot of them have a strong connection to
Judaism I'm one of them are religious
Jews as it says it now when the
situation is very hard we firstly sink
and understands it because of being Jews
we have a place that are ready to take
us and taking care of us sometimes they
they are looking for their identity and
our activities here is not only earlier
is both say connecting them to to Israel
and a communities
the thing about Ukraine is that a lot of
people with Jewish ancestors don't
necessarily feel Jewish or even qualify
as fully Jewish under religious song
we traveled east to meet a family that
had never given much thought to their
Jewish heritage in fact the family
members spent most of their lives as
practicing Christians but Tatiana the
mother has one Jewish grandfather and
that qualifies all of them for Israeli
passports spatulas get us some a lot
regional and are you leaving because of
what's going on here Publishing show to
a tomboy in the East no predator was
right on top no no crying no no he took
my practice escape each other constructs
knowing it initially at a procession DT
issued a Buddha shikaku Tony Ukrainian
said rusev boos ashley-pitt not said was
a total ginika coreboot in each animal
how did you know that you would be able
to move to Israel that week early you
will have that ability if you know a
coup de Medici lease it out of note
could meet Nick Alexander Duvall
telephoning the movies it key Acosta
vomit Iranian Pumas II numbness
naturally statue who Paso least one a
lot the stickiness noblest villainous a
senior yes focus our idea
well we have you Sailor Moon that's
a poisonous Barb's car Enya and I was
kilometres idea to school the other
scarily Chile Bolivia we should not
Christian not guest vigilia now miss
told you I'm not some good are you
posting near person ever
are you gonna be sad to make it a nice
good I know did you doubt the shelter to
put my roads mean you be able to scooch
out the name
Joseph take winning
you got the curvatures community always
loved
according to some estimates up to a
quarter million Ukrainians are eligible
to move to Israel under the law of
return
that night Sharansky gave a presentation
to a group of Jewish people who hadn't
quite made up their minds so it's been
held in this community center full of
signs and posters the Jewish Agency one
of them here which is interesting it
says towns that are waiting for you in
Israel and it's got a bunch marked on
the map including a number of spots in
the West Bank in the occupied
Palestinian territories unfortunately
resolution is here do you worry about
creating Jewish Agency posters that do
show housing opportunities in the West
Bank given that much of the world
believes those settlements are illegal
we don't do anything to convince him or
her to go to Western Bank instead of Tel
Aviv on said I'm Italian but what do you
think about it I don't think that it is
wise and it's right for us to decide
already now where will be the final
borders between Israel and Palestinian
state the housing minister in israel has
said before that he actually thinks say
french do that european jews should move
to this
to maintain their Jewish populations
would you know that I am absolutely
against any connection between idea and
politics the Buddha polity metal caboose
lockable odious missionary
Aloha decisional audit hola
come worldwide at holla
if you want to remain a democratic state
we have to have a majority of Jews
between Jordan and the Mediterranean
you
