if you want to be elected in the United
States to any national office you have
to win 50-plus voters Bernie Sanders
should not be in that position what has
he done in for the country
zilch Bernie when I was raised I was
raised pure America and pure
capitalistic with Bernie's take on
socialism this country needs to stay
away from that as much as humanly
possible
we're here in Florida where this Tuesday
both a Democrat and Republicans are
having their primaries Florida's a high
population winner-take-all state so the
stakes here are really really high and
will make Florida different is that
there's a high population of retirees
here where voters over the age of 50 who
last election accounted for more than 50
percent of the total vote
the sunshine and manicured lawns of
South Florida have made it a destination
for retirees from all over America the
area is known for its gated retirement
communities many of them off-limits to
anyone under 55 Palm Beach County is
especially popular with northeastern
Jewish retirees looking to escape the
cold in their Golden Ears it's the
number-one destination for Jewish
retirees in America an estimated two
hundred sixty-five thousand now call it
home
when I have company like last weekend my
grandson is wife came they wanted
brisket with noodle pudding su Donner
invited us into her kitchen as she
prepared her favorite matzo balls she
and her husband al left New York for a
senior community outside a book of its
own you know when people think of
Florida they think of Miami Orlando
Disney World that sort of thing how is
Boca different from from those sort of
places well this area is largely Jewish
and contains loads and loads of senior
communities 55 and up it also has a
tremendous number of Country Club
communities what do you think most
people who are leading towards is it
Bernie is it Hillary Trump even largely
Hillary yeah largely Hillary because
it's a pretty pragmatic crew these about
ready they are ready older voters are
sought after a voting bloc because
they're the most likely to turn out on
Election Day with plenty of time to mull
over the issues retirees here have their
minds on Tuesday's primary as the matzo
ball is cooled Allen has friends
gathered for their weekly game of bridge
South Florida is a traditionally
Democratic Enclave meaning that the
choice on Tuesday is mainly between
Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton five
clubs five clubs I'm gonna pass I have
no idea what's going on are you guys all
Hillary supporters here what I'm a hella
reasonable yeah
because after 30 years of politics I
don't believe that Bernie is really an
outsider and I think that whatever he's
promising which happens to be socially
very acceptable no it's not possible
with with his programs so you you like
what he stands for but you don't think
I'll be able to deliver
I don't think be able to Bernie Sanders
is the first Jewish candidate to ever
win a presidential primary but what
might be more newsworthy is how little
the Jewish community here seems to care
Bernie Sanders should not be in that
position
what is he done in 28 years for the
country what law says he passed zilch so
you say he's not you know he's a talker
so talker what are the issues that you
think are our you know most important to
you right now in this election for
Supreme Court yeah that's the most
important issue Democrat must win
absolutely then when the Supreme Court
changes we change the entire country the
best thing that ever happened to America
was the death of Michael average can you
translate what that means for some of
our viewers who might not speak he was
one of the worst guys for this country
ever born because everything he did was
rotten for the small guy it's what's
best for the Republican Party is what he
did
thank just to be clear he's talking
about our Scalia he was the worst of the
worst to mourn him was almost traitorous
I pass seniors make up a higher portion
of Florida's population than they do in
any other state that's why both parties
have their eyes on older voters going
into Florida's primary if you want to be
elected in the United States to any
national office you have to win 50-plus
voters 50-plus voters in the 2012
election were 58 percent of the
electorate David Bruns works for the
American Association of Retired Persons
or a AARP he says voters and the
campaigns trying to reach them aren't
focused enough on programs like Social
Security and Medicare why do you think
these issues especially Social Security
haven't really been you know hot-button
campaign topics for a lot of younger
people Social Security is very vague
it's way off in the future
they're not exactly sure what it really
means to them but if half of your income
is coming from Social Security and as a
rule of thumb half of income of people
of people 65 plus in this country does
come from Social Security then it
matters a lot for a lot of these people
that's the difference between being able
to live in dignity and being in grinding
poverty are there any candidates you
think that are doing a better job of
addressing this not only bring it up but
also you know with practical policies in
the election right now out of all the
Kansas crews still in the race we have
plans out there from every one of them
except for one mr. Trump has not yet put
a plan out there for us to look at and
for us to put on our website looking at
the floor out of primaries why is the
the senior citizen vote important
there's about 20 million people in the
state of Florida there are about 8
million that are 50-plus as a general
rule people who are 50 plus turnout at
about between 85 and 90 percent to vote
and they feel passionately about their
involvement in politics
we didn't have to look far to find these
passionate senior voters even in
northeastern Florida a reliably
Republican region of the state we found
high energy Bernie supporters proving
his support extends beyond college
students and young adults Patti to
disinter Daytona Area 250 miles from the
nearest Sanders campaign office so she
helped launch a local Bernie support
group called Bernie's Beach buddies made
up mostly of local retirees people here
especially your age what are they
concerned with like what are their top
policy issues that that you think they
elect a president based on so many
people are out of jobs my husband works
for $8 an hour
believe it or not and there are 11
million immigrants that are being
mistreated and need to have a way to
become citizens given Patti's concern
about wages and immigration it makes
sense that she's a Bernie supporter he's
promised to raise the minimum wage to
$15 an hour and pass executive action
that provides a road map to citizenship
one of the main things you hear about
Bernie one of the main criticism is that
it's only the young people that are
supporting him and I don't mean any
disrespect but you guys are sort of on
the opposite end of the spectrum
definitely yeah but we have young ones
in our group but we have many many older
people absolutely they have white beards
they're all retired school teachers in
this net yes you'll see
every Tuesday Bernie's Beachbody's meet
at a local coffee shop to organize and
strategize plans to get out the vote
this week they're collecting money for
campaign signs I've got $50 here that's
supposed to go to Bernie but it's all
been stamped
corporations are not people and stuff
like that there's support from older
people what do you think it is about
Bernie that really draws you to him one
of the things I see is that a lot of
people of parents and then looking
toward their children and grandchildren
having a better existence and that's one
of the things that whether it be health
care or free education to make it easier
for their children's children and
children to make it so I could see
people standing up and wanting to vote
for him not so much for themselves they
may even be of a conservative bent but
when you think down the road he's one of
the few people that is trying to make
our children's lives better
the influx of retirees to Florida has
fueled massive developments in one's
isolated areas meaning huge numbers of
new voters can quickly appear and change
the political landscape that's exactly
what happened about 60 miles north of
Orlando where watermelon fields and cow
pastures were transformed to a city
tailor-made for retirees there's really
no better place to get a feel for how
the retiree community in Florida is
going to vote and here in the villages
it's the largest retirement community in
the u.s. we're talking 110,000 people
spread over three counties it's actually
the fastest growing state in the u.s.
that tends to skew heavily Republican
which means that it's a must-stop
destination for a lot of Republican
candidates conservative billionaire
Harold Schwartz founded the villages and
his family owns everything from the
mortgage company to the daily paper his
conservative values are reflected in the
politics and culture of the community
not only a brand new but they've added
on residents and Pell and Jerry peacock
showed us the grounds you guys make a
great of brochure sort of right now okay
great a video pamphlet for the for the
villages I'm ready to move here well and
we keep bragging about it but the good
news is as much as we brag about it it's
in our hearts and it's part of our
spirit living here we're here by the
grace of God and we're and enjoying it
we have our hell we're just it's the
perfect place for retirement the
villages is also a perfect place to
campaign for candidates seeking
Republican support Senator Marco Rubio
is due for a second visit this weekend
we have a big election coming up on
Tuesday we know that that retirees are
very active in voting in Florida has
that been a big topic of conversation
here in the community Rubio is really a
strong name Donald Trump's got to be a
strong name and I think one of the
matter-of-fact
items about Donald Trump is simply he is
not politically correct and he's willing
to say exactly what's on his mind in a
straightforward way
Trump's faced accusations of
Islamophobia and racism because of his
proposals to bar Muslims from entering
the country and to build a wall on the
Mexican border but here his message
resonates differently how do you feel
about Trump's policies on immigration on
refugees and all those things you know
doesn't that seem a bit antithetical to
like what America stands for in today's
society with Isis running wild and
making the gains they made and the way
they slaughter innocent people of
beheading and God knows what it's time
that we take these steps to protect our
our homeland you don't see Hillary or
Bernie Sanders as having any sort of
abilities to do those nests technically
no and the reason is when I was raised I
was raised pure American pure
capitalistic with Bernie's take on
socialism this country needs to stay
away from that as much as humanly
possible I have been wanting to change I
am a registered Democrat I've been
wanting to change parties I think the
older you get the more conservative you
get and I just have not taken the time
to get off my Fanny to do so so for the
primaries if I want to vote which I will
because I always said I think that's a
privilege I because I so dislike Hillary
I'm going to vote for Bernie Sanders and
what is it about Hillary that you so
dislike my last straw with her was the
Benghazi issue when she said what
difference does it make you know I mean
I didn't really care for her to start
with but that to me for whatever reason
just rubbed me so much the wrong way it
makes a big difference you know there
was things that we weren't told the
truth about from the start and we're not
stupid people our age are not stupid you
know we I turn you know Fox News on at
noon at lunch and I've let it rip from
there when I'm running in and out at
dinner time you know we say our grace so
we turn on the TV we eat and we're very
political savvy because we do watch
everything we do have opinions
beyond its large number of conservative
voters The Villages is known for its
emphasis on an active lifestyle one of
the main draws is the number of
activities offered from golf to baton
twirling so you have a lot of red white
and blue you have the doramas you have
baton twirling of the American flags
it's all very patriotic and sort of
harkens back to this nostalgic view of
America that Trump supporters in general
feel is ceasing to exist
Florida's primaries will be decided by
America's oldest and most experienced
voters and despite their differences
what they tell us is that their number
one concern is for the economy that
their grandchildren will inherit they'd
like to leave them with more
opportunities than previous generations
and some are doubtful that the way
things are going in America that's
what's gonna happen
you
