tonight the more that left goes
insane and makes and drives up hyper
awareness of the racial tensions more
and more people come to us it is not
enough to merely have an American
presence in space we must have American
dominance in space Berto reco quietly
revised its estimate of the death toll
from Hurricane Maria's aftermath from 64
to 1427 the updated tally was disclosed
in a draft report to Congress requesting
139 billion dollars in funds for
recovery Russia is threatening to stop
selling rocket engines to the US after
the State Department sanctioned Moscow
for nerve agent attacks in Britain
Moscow denies it was involved and calls
the sanctions absurd and draconian the
Russian made rocket engine powers one of
the most reliable rockets in the u.s.
space program used to launch missile
warning satellites resupply missions to
the International Space Station and the
insight Mars Lander two days after
President Trump tweeted that the
California wildfires are harder to fight
because some of the state's water is
protected by the Endangered Species Act
his Commerce Secretary told state
agencies that firefighting takes
priority over protecting animals but
California fire officials say they have
enough water and the Natural Resources
Defense Council says the administration
has created a smokescreen to weaken
environmental protections
Kansas secretary of state Kris Kobach's
saw his lead in the Republican governors
primary shrinks to just 91 votes after
County officials found an error in his
own office's tally Kovac was shown as
beating the incumbent governor Jeff
Colyer in Thomas County 466 to 422 but
the County Clerk's office results showed
Collier actually had 522 votes
flipping the result election officials
still have to count late mailed and
provisional ballots
last year white power marched through
the streets of Charlottesville
without hoods and without shame this is
the largest national rally in over two
decades they've had to bring in left us
from around the entire country to try
and stop this they base me buck we're
not a non-violent will kill
these people we have
the intensity of the weekend was only
heightened by the president this
egregious display of hatred bigotry and
violence on many sides on many sides
they promised more marches more hate we
are stepping off the internet in a big
way you ain't seen nothing yet I think
that a lot more people are gonna die
before we're done here frankly but
that's not what happened
not that I'm the tiniest guy on any
given Friday but like a year ago I
thought I was leaving for two weeks and
the pipes burst and I acquired a whole
bunch of so my place is more of a
mess than usual if you could not pay
extra special attention to that Chris
Cantwell spent most of the past year in
Virginia in jail or under GPS monitoring
after being charged with a felony for
macing people at the torch March he pled
guilty to a misdemeanor and was banished
from the state for five years he's been
home for two weeks podcasting from his
apartment to show about common sense
extremism Cantwell doesn't look like he
did a year ago and neither does the
alt-right how did Charlottesville change
the outright I think it tested a lot of
people and a lot of people were
understandably scared by what happened
right there's a lot of violence a lot of
chaos a lot of lawfare guys went guys
are going to prison over this and there
wasn't a whole lot of agreement about
how to go forward and that what it
charitably left us fractured what
happened to members of the outright who
are in Charlottesville a lot of guys
lost their jobs
a lot of people got banned from social
media you know I was permanently banned
from Facebook I was permanently banned
from YouTube all of us were banned from
the major crowdfunding platforms payment
systems plan PayPal stripe there was a
massive effort to make it like we didn't
exist the alt-right wanted to show the
world they were bold and unashamed of
their racism but they underestimated
both the law and their opponents hail
our people hail victory Richard Spencer
had been a white nationalist for a
decade but when he hailed Trump he
became the face of the movement he
launched a college tour in late 2016
but after Charlottesville his events
were much harder to pull off at his last
public speech at Michigan State in March
Spencer was marooned in a remote
livestock building students were on
spring break
all this event really did was unite the
opposition liberal activists and antiva
who have vowed not to be complacent like
1930s Germans who let Nazis take power
most of Spencer's supporters couldn't
get in because they were blocked by
counter protesters the audience was
largely reporters I think it's a success
because I'm able to talk to everyone
here this is what I want this is
absolutely a success now the common
factor to all of these violent acts is
antiphon their whole little disgusting
lives are based on deep platforming and
being nasty and attacking people and so
on I'm not gonna let the ant if I win
because I'm smarter than the ant I
thought which isn't so much a few days
later he reconsidered and called off his
college tour an tyfa is winning to the
extent that they are willing to go
further than anyone else his vision of
pushing white power deeper into the
mainstream hit a wall Spencer has left
DC and moved back West
Matthew haibach was also a headliner at
Charlotte's though and he also launched
a college tour starting at the
University of Tennessee he'd been a well
known white power activist since college
and wanted to recruit Bernie Bros by
emphasizing the socialism in national
socialism we've got about a hundred
people registered between students on
campus locals and folks our Venus here
so that's gonna be the big thing is to
get everyone here and everyone together
but again counter protesters outnumbered
them and made it uncomfortable to be a
Nazi
haibach didn't have hundreds just a
couple dozen Nazis from the parking lot
in March
haibach was arrested in a domestic
violence incident when he got caught
having an affair with his stepfather
in-laws wife according to police he
pleaded not guilty but he quit politics
and the traditionalist Worker party
dissolved
others have quit more quietly
this guy was the face of racist rage
he's gone mainstream we found him at
CPAC the biggest convention for the
conservative movement well that's a shot
so I kind of want to you know if we got
back a little bit of politics but being
a much more tamed experiment obviously
most of the people still in the movement
are people with nothing to lose
Cantwell lives alone his only source of
income is his racist content business
it's not reliable because he keeps
getting booted by companies that process
credit card payments he says he's got
over 10,000 listeners I understand we're
facing a very serious problem guys okay
and I don't want to like suggest that
nobody should ever do anything about it
but don't around before the goddamn
midterms okay we do not want another
show it's bill three months before we go
to the goddamn polls you know I'm
looking at the upcoming elections that
I'm saying to myself it's a good thing
for us to stay out of the spotlight why
is it look at the election that happened
in Virginia right after straw poll
didn't work out very well right but the
elections happen and then we can pop
back up and screw around with the
Overton Window but we should not be
screwing around with elections shifting
the Overton Window means shifting the
political debate so what was once
forbidden becomes fringe and what was
fringe becomes mainstream do you seek to
influence the policy of the Republican
Party I seek for better controlled
people who sympathize with me to
influence the policy of the Republican
Party you mean keeps the nasty stuff on
the down-low even if I hadn't gotten
branded The Crying not see after
Charlottesville I'm just didn't those
position to be involved in electoral
politics you know I just made too many
mistakes do you think the GOP is
adopting any of the all rights ideas
not explicitly it might be it might be
influencing it though we're influencing
culture and culture influences politics
yeah I mean I guess
so is it I don't feel like you're saying
it both ways like Oh what I'm trying to
have here's what I'm trying to here's
here's the difficulty of it okay you're
trying to tie the Republican Party to
the alt-right because you think that'll
be politically advantageous for you and
I think it's a disgusting tactic and I'm
trying not to help you the fact of the
matter is the more the left goes
insane and makes and drives up hyper
awareness of the racial tensions more
and more people come to us and that's a
very good thing and that is going to
start influencing politics if it hasn't
already so can we talk about strategy
and tactics sure what do you think I
should be for the outright as far as I'm
concerned the priorities are secure
communications and ability to do
business so I'm trying very hard to
promote the cryptocurrency adoption and
of course it doesn't matter how secure
your protocols are if you don't know who
you're talking to
and so we need to start meeting each
other in in-person and developing
networks of trust do you think there
should be public events yeah like what
well one of the things that I mused
about recently was if we could get
ourselves well enough organized and
communicating securely enough that a
hundred Nazis could show up somewhere
for an armed demonstration without
anybody getting wise to it and then
disappear just as mysteriously I don't
know exactly what would happen next but
that sounds like a really good goal
a u.s. space force sounds like something
out of a sci-fi movie
but in Trump's America it could soon be
reality the president first floated the
idea in March but even he didn't seem to
take it seriously
he said maybe we need a new force we'll
call it the space force and I was not
really serious and then I said what a
great idea maybe we'll have to do that
fast forward to June and Trump actually
directed the Pentagon to come up with a
plan to make it happen
days later his supporters had a whole
new chant space force and today vice
president Pence made the space force
sound like it could be a reality as soon
as 2020 as president Trump has said in
his words it is not enough to merely
have an American presence in space we
must have American dominance in space
and so we will the space environment has
fundamentally changed in the last
generation
what was once peaceful and uncontested
he's now crowded in adversarial so Pence
painted a pretty dire picture I spoke to
Todd Harrison a senior fellow at the
bipartisan Center for Strategic and
International Studies about whether
those fears are real what are our
threats in space so it's not Star Wars
so much right so there are you know
countries like China and Russia have
demonstrated anti-satellite missiles so
basically you fire a missile up it's a
satellite blows up in space most
worrisome threats are the counter space
weapons that you can't really see there
are things like lasers that can blind
the sensors on a satellite so if you can
blind the imager on a spy satellite the
satellites no useful not you have any
use anymore it's the other big threat
that we see our jammers so all of our
satellites have radios on them that's
how we control them that's how we get
information from them if you can jam
those signals then the satellites no use
to you so we see this going on today the
challenge is that we don't have good
protections
against these kind of threats the
spaceforce plan pence laid out today has
four prongs a US Space Command which
would put everything the military does
in space under one umbrella a Space
Operations force which pence described
as elite war fighters the space
development agency to focus on new
technologies and an Assistant Secretary
of Defense for space to lead it all
Harrison said it'll be tough to convince
the Pentagon to go through that kind of
drastic reorganization it's gonna upset
the applecart within the Pentagon
because you're gonna be taking people
and budget away from the existing
military services especially the Air
Force the Air Force will lose the most
from this the Air Force may not have to
worry making the full space force happen
will require a multi-billion dollar
budget and an act of Congress and the
Pentagon may do what it can to stop it
there's a a game that's often played in
Washington that you just wake people out
if you don't like what your boss is
telling you to do wait a mouth because
all the political types are temporary
and all of the you know the military and
the you know careers of civil service
jobs in government they're permanent
Tracy Crouch has one of the most unusual
jobs in politics she oversees NGOs and
sports in the UK but in January she got
an additional assignment to serve as the
First Minister of loneliness British
Prime Minister Theresa May has appointed
a Minister for loneliness that really
sounds like a Victorian euphemism for a
gigolo
even worse she's the only person in the
world with that job I mean how sad sad
is that a government job trying to
manage an emotion might seem absurd fact
is aware of this perception and the
scale of her tasks there's not one
single course so it means it's not one
single solution that in itself makes it
incredibly difficult and loneliness is a
subjective emotion it's something that
you can't necessarily identify
particularly easy kind of struggle to
find work woman forget to another
impression I would buy myself anyway bit
of loneliness we've been in the UK
created this post to continue a national
cross party anti loneliness program
launched by Joe Cox the member of
parliament who was murdered in 2016
her Commission called loneliness the
giant evil of our time a government
report found that more than nine million
adults in the UK or about 14% are often
all always lonely but these photo
opportunities and crowded community
centres don't seem like an obvious
remedy what does a delegate administer
achieved well the lead minister really
does make sure they could roll all
government departments into thinking
about the issue of loneliness and the
impact that policies might have that
they're developing but it will also
include work that local authorities are
doing and also business and volunteers
and charitable organisations this is
about how we all work together in
partnership to either prevent loneliness
in the first place or help people into
projects into support services
Crouch is reaching out to lawmakers from
Canada to Sweden to compare notes on
loneliness and she's pulled civil
servants from 12 different parts of
government to study solutions the UK
plans to spend an extra twenty six
million dollars over the next two years
supporting NGOs with anti loneliness
programs what will success look like
well we're never gonna Raticate
loneliness but actually what I hope is
that people will be able to identify
that they are feeling acutely lonely and
that they are therefore able to find the
services that are there to support them
there isn't a one-size-fits-all it's
this issue I'm a bit of a diva obviously
I think it helps me get through everyday
Toby keeps busy as a student but she
still feels lonely she's felt that way
since foster care and she likes the idea
of a new minister I was actually quite
intrigued I was genuinely treated as
that oh that's interesting and I'm quite
hopeful that something can change how do
you think this country could benefit now
from having a Minister for lonliness it
even if something was created it needs
to be known everywhere so everybody's
very clear that this is something that
everybody deals with you shouldn't be
embarrassed about it because I think
it's a national or global problem how to
manage it is what's important crouch
States will face down her critics with a
strategy that will lead to results until
she figures this out another stack of
paper might not bring much comfort to
the millions of Britons living with
loneliness we want to put together a
long term strategy it will be a living
and a breathing document it will be
something that will continue way beyond
my tenure in this office but actually I
think the symbolism is very important my
appointment being identified as
something across the world and that is
an important one to tackle is an
important symbol that this country has
taken a lead on
you mighta heard my voice I do not come
to play with you hold on Beyonce
formation or you may have heard it on
Drake nice for what but this is the face
that go with them both whoa the party
has started this big free to the queen
diva your best a believer and I'm an
international bounce
and these are my vices oh my god these
bags are super nice she is so cute like
I gotta pick up the phone girl yeah even
when I was younger I would like have a
briefcase going to school and I was like
I need a purse so I started getting the
purses and just like having fun with
them I know I don't need this bag but
I'm a steal buy it anyway the most I
probably spent on a purse is close to
about five thousand the representation
of me in the first forum probably my own
person ate out of a big penis
whoa now this is the ass I eat this is
so smooth look at that nice room under
here I'm addicted to ice I like certain
type ice I like little small pebble it's
or really flaky I used like the ice from
Starbucks when I'm on a plane and I'm
flying to Australia for 23 hours I
thought you know like tweaking for more
ice can I have a piece of this mm-hmm
much needed you don't have to be gentle
well I go to massages so much because by
me being on the stage all the time it
helps relax my body people think it's
easy and I just show up and I just pop
up where there's a whole lot going to it
before I even hit that stage what
stresses me out the most my boyfriend
no don't stop it
well I'm Freddie by day because that's
when I'm usually handling my business
but I'm definitely free too when I hit
that stage it gets cloudy and you know I
have those days where I don't want to be
free too or Freddie well a lot of people
think that I am trans but I'm not trans
I am a gay male with hair and L so if
you say he or she it doesn't matter I
Know Who I am you know that was just one
time when I messed up not keeping up
with the money that I was making and
reported it I had to go to court and I
became a felon I was so embarrassed and
I bounced back getting my finances in
order hiring a business manager to
handle all of that
and I also bounced back with the Beyonce
song because it came out right after
that
when Beyonce shot formation I was on
tour and when Drake wanted to get my
sample to use for the song the video was
already shot so a lot of people think
that they didn't want me individually
but our schedules didn't line up and
it's okay for me like my voice being in
it is a star and that's important for me
and for the LGBTQ community long as the
check clear I'm fine you already know
you guys worked here and lost your jobs
in 2016 all of you were rehired yes done
fine job President Roh Buffy man do I
think we should be in a trade war no no
it's a scare me yes he scares me oh he
scares me all the time your hope is that
Donald Trump doesn't believe what he
said I want to make sure you understand
to take Donald Trump literally is I
think a huge mistake I don't know if I
grew up that's fair I don't know if I
agree with me either
you
you
