look the police start on studying
destroyed and destroy did not stop in no
listening no nothing maybe I the best
solution asking the France put me at a
gas and kill me this is my fault only
I'm a refugee a nun from Middle East
bring the jungle in Calais and the
demolition of the southern area the camp
is now in full flow it's been a long
time coming charities here tried to
block the move in the courts claiming
that actually it's about 3,000 people
would be affected by the demolition
rather than the 1,000 that the
authorities say he will whatever the
number one thing seems certain that this
is really the beginning of the end for
france's largest refugee camp my house
was the first house that was completely
broken before they demolished your house
how much time did you have to to move
your belongings I went to have lunch
when I got back I found my house being
destroyed completely fly line my cell
phone all of my closest even my money
okay everything was gone that was my
only property you know there was my
place for sleeping I take it took me so
much a long time to get some stuff from
the line now they're giving stars food
everything now this is all I have
everything in that you own in the world
yeah you're wearing Dora I mean how do
people feel about what has happened here
they are so desperate they don't know
what to do they've gotten used to this
situation there was a place for living
but now they don't have anything so what
is your plan how do you hope to get to
the UK as long as they don't have money
and you'll stay here so in many ways it
sounds like the chances that you
actually had leaving the jungle have now
been reduced yeah he's been reduced
I've been here a few times before but
this time the atmosphere is clearly
different along this main strip they
used to be a real sense of community you
can see over the past week things have
been burned down restaurants at once
were here aren't any more originally
this area behind us was absolutely full
of homes demolishing this part came
after announcement that the authorities
wanted to move the camp away from the
road and as you can see wants to get
started the effect is quite stark
can you tell us what's happening today
in the camp look the police start on
starting destroyed and destroy did not
stop in no listening no nothing it was a
solution maybe I the best solution
asking the France put me at a gas and
kill me the best solution for him every
single day I'm hearing and listening
watching a but fink France people give
me tear gas by slap route nothing i
don't know i can apply to asylum in
France everybody seems me I'm being too
buzzed the somebody's all the nose for
me see you from Jenga I'm never ever no
forgetting that never ever what's that
I'm a different human they think we
smell because you're not French yes this
is my fault only I'm a refugee a nun
from Middle East do you think they use
tear gas because people in the jungle
throw stones at them yes I'm aware I'm
like the owners but that for example you
every day hit me hit me one day I'm
answer back
burning this building behind us was a
small group of people who live in the
camper currently showing up their lips
and protest about what's going on
apparently the plan is to walk from here
to the police just a bit over there an
issue a statement anything I curb your
own angeles unit ID efficient it right
if you enjoy listening ready vision Gran
our top oh mama oh by powerful the image
of people with their mouths sewn shut it
something you've seen in other parts of
Europe drawn this migrant crisis
when it was announced that the southern
part of the camp would be demolished the
police did say that they reserved the
right to use force if necessary they
have been clashes and it's clear from
all the police that here today that
they're not going to take any risks
there's at least 30 vans lined up here
and just in case they do face any
opposition
