Washington DC our senators and our
congressmen they're nothing but
prostitutes now they're getting the
money and American people's getting
screwed
our country is being blood sucked we're
losing our industry I'm not gonna let
this stuff happen
as the giant peach right here indicates
we are in Gaffney South Carolina which
is the heart of a region called the
Upstate it's just a small area in the
northwest of South Carolina but 40% of
the Republican voters live right around
here and if you want to win the GOP
primary in South Carolina you've got to
connect with Upstate voters
South Carolina's third in the nation
primary will take place on Saturday and
voters here will decide whether or not
Donald Trump's candidacy has staying
power veteran GOP pollster David Woodard
has kept tabs on South Carolina voters
for the past 30 years beyond conducting
some of the state's most reliable
polling he's helped some of the gops
biggest names craft a message that
resonates here Ronnie come join the
conversation yeah who was he voted for
if you get an ax be that right now it
comes back to life and he's voting for
somebody who believes in social values
because that's what he believed in anger
sells well in South Carolina change
revolt moving things around that always
has done well here so I'm not surprised
for instance that Trump gets this kind
of following there's Hillary's nut
cutter let's see I don't think these
things working that cracker nut cracker
yeah we were told 40% of Republican
voters reside in the Upstate region
there's a very potent Republican vote in
the Upstate it'll turn out there usually
conservative and they're quite
predictable this is supposed to be a
very very Christian conservative area
how much do even Jellicle values a hold
sway in this election well it's a little
hard to tell when we do surveys of the
GOP primary voters about nearly 80% of
them say they go to church about once a
week but it didn't necessarily come into
play four years ago and I'm not sure
that it'll play this time but it is you
historically played a large role and who
who they elect but polls can only tell
you so much
to get a better read on the culture of
the Upstate and what it's undecided
working-class voters are looking for
we spent Saturday night on the popular
local wrestling scene J Bragg owns the
American pro wrestling club what we do
in wrestling like I say we take these
people out of there how am I going to
pay my light bill this way they don't
care when they get in here when they
come in this door they hoping a holler
they might have that problem when they
get back home but they forget all that
the people that that like Trump what do
they think he's gonna do they don't know
they just riding on that ripple of him
promising a better day and Mark is gonna
be strong again they were looking for
that brighter day and he predicts a
brighter day better than the other
candidates
Tony troubledy a great wrestler I love
giving people something look for
absolutely I mean how do you describe
Trump as a Roscoe C good guy is he a bad
guy
they could go either way with his
personality he could have my lovin him
or he can say he knows how to say
certain things to get him stirred up -
he's a showman agent showman that beat
me to it
are you guys all big dollars on pants
he's going wrong with the same basically
the same thing is I think Obama worth
doing and I don't really say that much
but would that change thing yeah he's
talking about changing change in America
yeah I still and the only thing I worry
about is I don't think Obama changes
work changes America I think there's
more people on unemployment than there
has ever been
really honestly right now I got a sister
you know she's she's a single mom with
three kids and can bet and a
minimum-wage job can't afford the bills
I mean you can't live like that
they're always just pray also for
wrestlers not their lawyers they come
out to entertain and you just be with
them and you just keep them safe there
long and do over just pray that you just
help each and every one of us being new
house in the morning they want for sure
their precious name we do pray amen
dan Mathewson writes about upstate
evangelicals and says wrestling is a
great window into a segment of this
culture one of the things that makes
professional wrestling actually I think
I've quite a sophisticated cultural form
is that they depict the the tensions and
they depict some of the cultural tropes
that are predominantly put in our
wrestling ring and and that the
characters enact those things no one's
under the illusion that what they're
watching is a legitimate fight what
they're watching is is sort of a
cultural enactment of something that's
important
the issues riling up conservative
politics take center stage here - a fat
cat elitist called the governor buys out
fighters to fix matches and a notorious
bad guy is known as the Syrian Sheikh
we have here we have a character known
as the Syrian is a bad guy his partner
who is actually a federal fact class and
via redneck of a hog but he's on his
team and then you have the Indian Chi
and the other radical representing
America and it's sort of like respectful
in the primary of the good guys the bad
guys a picture there's a memory I you
know I don't know
historically the roads of victory in
South Carolina politics often started in
its church pews
eight and ten Republican voters attend
church regularly six in ten of South
Carolinians believe in a literal
interpretation of the Bible so how did
Donald Trump a casino owning
twice-divorced New Yorker who doesn't
exactly display godly traits end up with
a 20-point lead in the heart of the
Bible Belt I think people are looking at
the economy they're looking at not
having jobs and they're saying who can
be the best person to do that not
necessarily who do I want to be the
pastor of my church this area didn't
always used to be like that there what
Elm what changed around here by far the
biggest change was the the mills closing
down the mills owned everything and the
mills when they went out the community
just died out with him what happened
that resulted in these mill jobs just
leaving just the mills closing down the
policies and in my opinion free trade
that put it made it to where that they
could manufacture those products
overseas and import them here much
cheaper than you could the manufacturing
here here we had textile mills cotton
mills and they were now all that has
went to China Mexico or other third
world countries
pastor Lee Cole showed us what free
trade and the offshoring of the textile
industry left behind in his town of pals
er South Carolina here we are what used
to be the economic heartbeat in the
community I mean this this right here
used to employ dozens hundreds thousands
people yeah I mean at its height it
would have employed thousands of people
this and the other mill site when they
left they just they left it like this
this mill sits right in the sin of this
town people that live here drive by it
every day and for them it's a reminder
that while there are some positive
things and free trade deals there are
negative consequences when this mill
closed down and all those jobs left it
drained the energy at this town and
drained the economy and people here are
desperate to grab on to anything that
might bring that energy back the decline
of South Carolina's textile industry is
playing out like this in dozens of
former mill towns across the Upstate
it's just one part of the bigger story
of the rise and fall of American
manufacturing and followed free trade
deals like the North and Central
American free trade agreements the
offshoring of an estimated five million
US manufacturing jobs led to closed
plans in massive layoffs it wasn't just
the jobs though entire communities were
decimated I think it's there's a
psychological part of it that it's you
know it's kind of a sense of what used
to be and it's not not here anymore
also a sense of what could have been or
what what the town could be in places
like Pelzer it's not hard to see how
people could get behind a promise to
make America great again Donald Trump
has repeatedly denounced these deals and
made them a focal point of his campaign
the downtown here looks more like a
ghost town even the pawn shops and bail
bondsman are gone and what's left behind
is a lot of fear and anger Washington DC
our senators our congressmen they're
nothing but prostitutes now they're
getting the money and American people's
getting screwed Eddie Moore is a former
county council member in Anderson South
Carolina another upstate area that lost
textile and manufacturing jobs to
offshoring all of a sudden they started
outsourcing over to the Philippines and
China in different places and we all
pretty much got pushed out I mean this
this is what we're here for a lot of
people this sort of anger well I mean
that's the problem
Washington's not listening and when I
hear a candidate gets up there like
Donald Trump I'm not really a Trump fan
but he touched a nerve on me when he
said he's going to revisit some of these
trade agreements and send them back
through Congress do away with them and
bring our middle class jobs and let our
plants come back here and build new
plants here yes I'm listening to him and
I'm really I've really turned towards
him a lot because he understands what's
going on
so this right here is why Donald Trump
has such a high support base in the
Upstate region of South Carolina you
have factories like this closing all
over this area in the past 10 to 20
years and with them the jobs go the
towns suffer and people see those jobs
going overseas to China to Brazil to
Mexico so when you have Trump coming in
talking about how he's gonna bring those
jobs back talking about how the people
in DC don't care about these people
it really really resonates with them it
starts a chord and that's why a lot of
people think he's gonna take South
Carolina this is what a campaign rally
looks like when you're expected to win
by double digits and a heavily favored
in South Carolina's Upstate region you
can see the stage we've got opera music
we've got bright lights some smoke even
it's a very theatrical and that's what
we're expecting to see a lot of when
Trump actually takes a stage
ladies and gentlemen please welcome the
next president of the United States mr.
Donald J
our country is being blood sucked I'm
telling you our country what's happening
it will losing our industry we have
rebuilt China because they take our
business out of here so quick like we're
babies it's like yeah it's like candy
for a baby but believe me if I win it's
never gonna happen because I can't have
free trade where we lose five hundred
billion dollars a year where we lose a
hundred billion with another country and
50 billion with another one we can't do
that I'm not gonna let this stuff happen
however in South Carolina the
increasingly global economy has been a
two-way street
some foreign businesses like BMW have
actually brought manufacturing jobs into
the state but it's estimated that free
trade resulted in a net loss more than a
hundred thousand manufacturing jobs free
trade has made goods cheaper but there
are winners and there are losers and the
losers are concentrated in towns like
this built around an industry that has
left them behind so it's no surprise
that trumps protectionist message is
fading traction here in South Carolina
and in Rust Belt states like Ohio
Pennsylvania and Michigan where
manufacturing centers are dead or dying
and it's the working-class voters in
these states that the Trump campaign is
hoping will hand them the Republican
nomination
you
