a piece was less for 120 years has been
broken l Lila Lila is freedom leader may
jump if there is any superpower on any
even reasonable who has any wish to
control the house they should make a war
between two Anakin - it's been five
years since the start of the revolution
that toppled former dictator Muammar
Gaddafi and Libyans are desperately
trying to get their country back intro
Libya currently has two rival
government's one based in the West the
other in the east each with their own
armed groups battling each other across
the country for wealth and power
violence has destroyed much of Libya's
infrastructure disrupting its oil
production and draining the government
coffers militias have multiplied
cross-border smuggling has skyrocketed
and the Islamic state has gained a
foothold in the chaos much of this
turmoil is happening in the north where
most of Libya's people live but far from
the capital Tripoli in the southwest
corner of the Sahara a quiet war is
being waged in an oasis town called uber
boo bari is surrounded by large oil
fields and lucrative smuggling routes
it's here where live is indigenous and
loam addict Warrick and Tara tribes find
themselves pitted against each other for
the first time in more than a hundred
years
facing the demise of their traditional
desert culture they're fighting
something of a proxy war backed by
Libya's juley governments and their
foreign backers to divide and rule the
mineral-rich land this story is about
the Tuareg for them this fight is about
staying on their land protecting their
heritage and obtaining the rights that
were promised never delivered by Gaddafi
but you know the symptom of an oilfield
many companies come to body for their
daily needs abu bakr al cathy is at work
elder and peace mediator from rhubari
well traversed by commanders and they
are containing audited trans our retreat
we feel that we are one will no family
one nation where we have various close
ties between and between us we have we
share one culture one language before
they had toyota pickup trucks the
Touareg led camel caravans through the
sahara borders were invisible to them
but today the region that they call home
is divided by the borders of several
North African countries in the 1970s and
80s
Gaddafi welcomed those Tuareg who fled
discrimination and drought in
neighboring countries they were
recruited as foot soldiers in the Libyan
army to fight his regional wars in spite
of this both indigenous Tuareg and taboo
were treated like second-class citizens
under Gaddafi's rule unlike Libya's
Arabs threatened by their command of the
Sahara with its oil and mineral wealth
the dictator gave the tribe few
opportunities for education all work
but when the Revolution erupted in 2011
Gaddafi needed allies he promised the
Tuareg everything from citizenship to
cash to join him
while most Tuareg soldiers responded to
Gaddafi's call to action some didn't
trust the dictator and chose to side
with the revolution instead
this is hassan essa and you served among
best friends from childhood they are
Tuareg who joined the revolution against
Gaddafi after revolution
I have many gun but not have any idea
what you what you work not have money
not have anything everybody for Tuareg
working in army I have guns but not have
college not have a good job this is big
problem for 24 decades
Gaddafi's support for international
rebel groups and terrorism closed Libya
off from much of the world only in the
early 2000s when Libya made efforts to
restore diplomatic ties with the West
did the country start to open up foreign
visitors brought in some of the first
tourism dollars Libya had seen in years
but in 2011 Libya's revolution and
continuing instability has driven away
foreign income groups again situation
for my family like situation for all
families in God or in obody not have
anything in God but how good job is road
is cut not how food is suffering gut
lies near Algeria but the border
crossing remains closed
many of the Tuareg care have been
dismissed from their jobs in the army or
can no longer find work as tourist
guides
young people leave school and scratch
out a living driving taxis smuggling oil
and drugs or literally digging for gold
in the desert but equator she did diver
with gas stations closed throughout most
of the south this former soldier
smuggles and sells fuel on the black
market to make ends meet
but all of us in the world we humbly
died why didn't I study initially for
years or assisted in Malaysia
when correct me chakra Dada Dada and
word is yeah he this is universe you
hadn't occurred to Oberon Niko's Roman
at lunch sure I agree a little bit roll
the darted over to her hmm
Hina Posner najara Tamala under
Gaddafi's rule border security was tight
and only a chosen few benefited from
smuggling today armed groups from Arab
Tuareg and Tabo tribes jostle for
control of smuggling routes across the
desert frontier profiting from the
illicit trade of gasoline weapons drugs
and people state money for border
security as evaporated and jails are now
closed the Border Patrol here has only a
few vehicles to cover hundreds of miles
with no gas to fuel them they predict
the border from josma you know the
people who's working in smuggling but
they can't do anything with the people
cause there's no food if you catch any
anyone and you know half the the food
you know to give him water you need
medicine blankets and mattresses this is
big cost if the government will give you
anything you can't let them in a jail so
we let let them go
in spite of the futility of their
efforts guards at this lonely Libyan
border post still take their job
seriously holiday ham idea oh no how do
I mean it abortion smell of amber ogia
whose yeah her nagisa nagisa no down now
with my dance alert husband the nomadic
Tuareg don't have much trouble crossing
into Libya however crossing back into
neighboring Algeria and each Air has
become quite difficult with each of
those countries increasing their own
border security people in this corner of
the Libyan Sahara now find themselves
hemmed in after the fall of Gaddafi to
Arak soldiers spirited weapons away to
fight for at work homeland in Mali but
when the Tuareg cause was hijacked by
Islamist groups they returned to Libya
in defeat and were branded terrorists
with the borders shut and a single road
to the rest of Libya blocked by the
fighting in Newberry Tuareg youth in gat
spent most of their days just trying to
pass the time
I'm article
we don't have many choices we have a
limited to do here this is our life here
the next morning Hassan and Yusuf set
out to visit family and friends near the
kobbari frontline the Tuareg and taboo
battle in the strategic town has lasted
over a year and reduced much of it to
ruin one of Libya's largest oil fields
and desert smuggling routes are nearby
getting there means a five-hour drive
through the remote sahara along a quiet
road often under threat by bandits this
mountain project our our city from the
smuggling you have to go around where is
the there's checkpoint this is the route
to to Salford or a ninja this is the
road of smuggler and everyone want to go
to WA Tunisia or Algeria this is the
route
before the fighting uber ease population
was a coexistent mix of Tuareg taboo and
Arab tribes Yusef and Hassan are
noticeably more nervous as they near the
embattled town house and Don's his
Tuareg headscarf this historic
what is it this quarter the Battle of
rhubari was triggered by a petty dispute
in September of 2014 between local Tareq
and taboo smugglers it started over
there hold on cross-border routes but
control over Libya's second largest oil
field nearby was soon disputed to Tuareg
guards and forces down from the northern
town of Misrata now control the oil
field but in another blow to Libya's
economy its oil pipeline is shut due to
fighting tribal elders are desperately
trying to forge a peace in bari as
hundreds have been killed or wounded on
both sides and most residents have fled
Hassan and Youssef meet up with Ali isa
a Tuareg fighter stationed in hibari
since the beginning of the conflict not
clean a flood relief for gaining Roger
cause the lip off oh damn actor nuns but
little fat Isabel Shabaab saw a
good benefit Ullman home stash and sent
a team out of a posh little for 4 kg
Bellomo an affair I know if you had did
kill him be some woman laughs you had
disabled him higuma land rally I'm out
of it because the litter that will smell
Jenna gunam Jamaat okiya lead over me a
little horrible with cost of lipet
margin I had Murphy had from Atwood hell
is dead of course this one and the media
wind quickly let certain commodity
immediately then we almost named it for
flow yeah unda me why Anna's harbor of
up in me doing a compare of Kamiya what
other kiddin me never send me an e out
of Havana Mia what are the Ridgid n'
getting me one a la work but a lot but
at latino before this twerk and turbo
tribes did not fight each other even
when they were on opposing sides during
the revolution a peace treaty
nicknamed the MIDI MIDI was signed
between them over a century ago this
deal has kept the peace until about a
year ago
Ali Dodgers snipers as he drives up 10d
Mountain whoever controls the mountain
controls the town and right now the
Tuareg habit
backing down hellokitty benezia
what the man how he thought was
that you do I do my home absurd thing
like that I can table here ton of stuff
did you ever look for that a good
not many I'm doctor yeah my saying about
you how about it Oh Lavar like that's
how I get so that's how I origin local
oh you know that love Ellen I talk
tomorrow
yeah my daddy a hug not that letter
which does nothing with cannabis and it
NASA but nothing will spin
nah no money book Marrakesh etiquette
rinoa jje Tabu godi Utama returned yet
Subin yet Chappell Ateneo night I didn't
take is a iki nieta
logic a didn't I don't forget no matter
god yes Dragan deter noggin I'm scared
not so many person is Iran Iranian buddy
a piece was less for 120 years has been
broken now oil fields are all in this
municipalities words of antibody so I
think if there is any superpower or any
even original power who has any money we
will wish to control this house they
should they should make a war between
florican to
with Ari Molly's good driver and he is
good driver I'm fine
the Tuareg activity never fight during
fear defeat I never to go and work we
make a line me 20 me we have one course
we have one problem we were
discriminated in Qadhafi time and we are
minorities and we want to go fight for
us for our rights and we will group we
were an opportunity after their version
so no but no anyway there's no any fight
if you try them to be doing with
evolution no and that's how
uncomfortable either that or this double
been found
yes fun 10-day months that's not where I
can ascertain after one year of battle
fighters struggle to keep morale up on
20 mountain residents worried about the
town's youth who have few prospects
other than joining the fight
who buries downtown is the deadliest
spot in the erases held hostage by
deeply entrenched Warwick and tableau
snipers now going inside inside the
downtown now this area for toric now
going to behind the area
both sides blame Livia's competing
governments and whoever is back in them
for fueling the rhubari conflict they
accuse them of supplying money and
weapons to divide and rule the area for
their own strategic and economic
interests many fighter for america's got
death here
ah deeply Lina he's a friend indeed
earning Shump
the Touareg accused the taboo mostly
allied with the government in the east
of being a proxy for former colonialist
power france to seize valuable land in
turn the taboo accused Tuareg fighters
of being Islamist extremists back from
the bloody war in Mali when they hear
this
the - argh laughs and reply we love to
listen to our music who never blow our
self terrorists eyeing this we love the
life Algeria don't duplicate we direct a
little devil Qaeda today so this is
Tauruses so Moustakas Allah this is
curses
oh ah do not know a mechanic mcian does
not hear it was not what I know
they have no mater where now amped up
Danika on the edges of the Touareg side
of town mostly poor and old residents
remain living under the threat of mortar
rounds and gunfire anastasiya not haruna
here yet ro nasod Fernando Armellini
Cunha from maderas yeah nice in hama
stash of senna so passionate and full da
cunha from maderas food economy deli
Sakhalin murica Libya Germany s vehicle
of bodom we know in the Doha dosha do
Libya can examine gabelli and Olivia -
what very good like many Tarek in Libya
samaya was a soldier in Gaddafi's army
but she backed the revolution hoping for
a better life
samaya now volunteers as an emergency
medical worker at the local hospital
where fighters and residents have died
beautiful so what if you don't have to
nod answer hmm I don't yet in my dad was
the carry a toe signature bled me Eddie
TOEFL can watch it any TV nerves Etowah
sure chef semiquantitative cuisine is he
any had a sign up fake is is a toes
right gray button here to Kadir okay you
simple fit the devil annoy fish house
opposite when Layla Haram
Kanade eldan akunis Vijender anodic
return nila my naked nerd unit mouton
dollar dollar publish it
lira Halloween Adele Adele Boubacar Asia
Holly he knew mu del Julio immediately
join in a mood in their loss yoga hot
yoga Hannah tempted an ultimate tenth
took the hand of yoga helicopter sure to
origin move oh it delivered in December
Ali was shot in the back by a barrage of
bullets in Oh Baris frontline he now
lies in a hospital bed in Misrata
waiting for more surgery to be able to
walk again
making peace with the taboo it's really
difficult but it's possible if we have
one government one army no militias but
now it's very very difficult to make
peace after revolution you have fighting
to have war this is resolved any
revolution after 40 years of regime of
Gaddafi this is a normal result but
future is good I think very happy for
Libyan people as the battle for power
across Libya widens and extremist groups
like the Islamic state gain ground hopes
for a prosperous and unified state fade
nowhere is this more deeply felt than a
nebari and gat Touareg elders despair
they worry about horrid youth missing
out on school and jobs and their
potential for recruitment by militants
and they wonder why Touareg aspirations
to gain rights and live on their land in
peace and prosperity are under threat
like never before although it's not
needed now where I can go directly from
any place to any place without GPS like
that can go from go body dive to
Timbuktu I stars
this is elected from thousand years ago
this is our culture
you
