no pain
vaudeville pain not worth pennies at all
curl the natural governor Matar itv fuga
viva la république dividing your music
last week
of Hades step down without naming a
successor and the parliament has finally
decided on three candidates to be the
interim president whose only mandate is
to set up elections for the permanent
presidency so we're here at Parliament
to find out who's going to be the new
leader of Haiti of the three candidates
that Parliament identified to
potentially be the interim president mr.
Prevert is favored to win because he
used to be the chairman of the National
Assembly but he's a bit of a
controversial figure because he's one of
the politicians that came up with this
whole idea for the interim presidency in
the first place immediate mode even in
Placido automatic Monday to Parliament
there in the blue Tony play la fille de
mama de Beauvoir the whenever Nielsen
Adventist an astronaut if you get chosen
by Parliament to be the temporary
president do pledge that you will step
down after 120 days no matter what
happens
look mmm damn bhavanibabu visa say
principal mission said bill really lazy
lips Alito possible to permit asked the
authority lady teaming with a wallet on
today's oscillator before the
consultation
una boda to Lassiter la vie national
will move on move on occupation
specialist me to do what's fair doesn't
it a value survey who some people are
criticizing you've submitted your name
for interim president because you were
one of the politicians who came up with
this whole plan for the temporary
presidency in the first place what do
you make about a clemency decision or
net prosperity inclusive sanics
comparison
you know so fashionable now Sonia stops
ready to go visit a team no reason
II see the page like welcome moon is
about a et cetera so til we see Sasha
Falacci visible boobs are so the
National Assembly has been here for over
11 hours he's about 3 in the morning
right now and I kind of like a war of
endurance you know whatever other
politicians are left standing are the
ones that get to societies cannot allow
this is why we wear looser with 11 bags
we just got to the presidential palace
and today Prevert is going to be sworn
in as interim president of Haiti
pop Lancia Madison on services creme de
la la - sha Allah - Allah normality
persecution arrows let Abu Sofia
echo less patient at you may not want a
super de la la la mayor parte de soir
the wisteria a sacred are available
power a portable liberal assume an open
world web a not rapini a dope girl
do not remove any metallic ITV Booga
viva la république vit we have a mere
48 hours ago prepare with senator but he
just became president has inauguration
ceremony at the National Palace
his term will only last 120 days but
people are skeptical saying that the
last time he had a provisional
government it lasted two years so we'll
have to check back in four months to see
who will be the leader of this country
