there is a feeling of this change in
America that the the America of my youth
is lost and we want to make America
great again so these things are pretty
disparate with the Sanders and Trump
voters but who they blame is almost
exactly the same hi I'm Michael Moynihan
that correspondent with Vice news and of
course and columnist for The Daily Beast
and I welcome to on the line and I just
got back from two and a half weeks on
the campaign trail the caucuses in Iowa
and the primaries in New Hampshire it
was grueling and grim and today we're
going to talk about the 2016
presidential election what's behind us
and what's next so let's do it yeah
let's do it
let's do it appreciate it Michael you
got a bunch of people on skype and we'll
be watching Twitter during the show so
tweet in with the hashtag on the line
and maybe we'll read your question but
let's get started with Malte who's
calling us all the way from Germany
Malta the gates Marta say good good you
okay all right what do you got for me I
was wondering if you can explain how
Donald Trump who doesn't have any
political or prior political experience
can do so well in the presidential race
you know Malta you have just asked the
quintessential European question and the
question that I get from everybody in
Europe and I spent a lot of time in
Europe and lived in Europe and everyone
always asks how on earth is this
happening now this is keeping the pundit
class alive because everyone's trying to
answer this question but you know a guy
who has no experience is exactly the
part of your question is also part of
the answer so the fact that he has no
political experience is why people like
him so much and I have talked to people
I was talking in Iowa that's talking
about two people two Trump rally and I
said hey you know this guy isn't a
conservative in any traditional sense of
the word into a man and women they said
we don't care we the conservatism
doesn't interest us there
Republican Party doesn't interest us
what we want is a political outsider if
somebody who doesn't really you know
isn't beholden to the system you know
like people like Jeb Bush who raises an
enormous amount of money from super PACs
etc Donald Trump everyone literally
everyone I talked to was very excited
about the fact that he was self-funded
he's like this is a guy not beholden to
Washington and the old Republican
establishment now what that means for
his policies what do people think about
his policies well they also like the
lack of political correctness this is
also a drumbeat that you hear it's a
very different kind of definition of
what I would consider political
correctness political correctness being
things that are you know over the top so
we shouldn't say this over over-the-top
sensitivity what Donald Trump means is I
should be able to say anything at any
time no matter how offensive it is so
the other day we hear him at a at a
rally in New Hampshire calling Ted Cruz
a and he said well I'm not
politically correct it's like well now
that's just a bit boorish correctness
but people love this they love the fact
that he shoots from the hip they love
the fact that he isn't scripted and
doesn't feel like a robot and keep in
mind the big criticism of Marco Rubio
right now is that he's robotic and that
he's repeating the same things over and
over like you know somebody whose chip
has kind of misfired so the the
phenomenon of Donald Trump is a
complicated one but I think the outsider
thing is what really kind of propels him
towards first place in New Hampshire and
we shall unfortunately spirits going to
happen in South Carolina okay that's a
no I it's very depressing it's all very
depressed but I will say one follow-on
thing is that this is not an American
phenomenon
I know people you know in European media
want to make this into an American
phenomenon it is something that is
gripping the globe it is gripping
Western Europe right now to the populist
instinct this is something that knows no
political party and you know in as you
know in Germany you have off day
eternity Fidel and the alternative for
Germany which is a far-right ish but not
entirely far-right they're a populist
party and this is the electoral
successes all across Europe - are these
populist candidates who are kind of
very Islamophobic and they're you know
sort of very nativist in their way
which is precisely what Donald Trump is
but he has a reality show and they don't
so you know slight difference yeah if
you have a second question um so if
let's say Donald Trump gets elected what
do you think his foreign policy would
look like well I know what I would do is
I would be joining you in your apartment
in Germany and I'd be paying half the
rent because I have to get the hell out
of here if it's the election but I
suspect what you know it's it's a really
confused foreign policy so everything
about Donald Trump's kind of ideology is
a confused thing it's you know whatever
way the wind blows he's there so what
has been interesting about Donald Trump
is the two frontrunners in the GOP race
Ted Cruz Donald Trump have been
fire-breathing about neoconservatism now
remember in 2003 of the invasion of Iraq
and through it was the left in America
was saying the big problem with America
is Republican foreign policy and
Republican foreign policy is
neoconservative foreign policy it's very
pro-israel it's very interventionist the
two leading candidates right now in the
Republican election both hate
neoconservatism and they bring this up
all the time
Donald Trump's big thing is says you
know if he runs against Hillary Clinton
for instance if it was if these were the
two nominees he would be hitting her on
a rock the Republican nominee would be
hitting the Democratic nominee on Iraq
he but then again so let's let's look at
the kind of whiplash of this bomb the
 out of Isis this is something that
Donald Trump says when he is on the
stump all the time it gets to people you
know with their arms up thinking very
excited about this so what does this
mean he also says well let's let Putin
take care of this in Syria so what does
Donald Trump's foreign policy well it
depends on what day of the week it is I
mean sometimes it's it's none of our
business
let's get the hell out of the Middle
East he's not sort of reflexively
pro-israel as every other Republican
candidate usually is and at the same
time he wants to turn Syria or Aleppo or
Raqqa into a parking lot and we'll just
bomb them and then it what it speaks to
is the man has
no idea what he's talking about and he's
winging it and apparently people don't
minds if he wants to carpet-bomb Syria
and called Ted Cruz a I have no
idea what's going on in American
politics and it's a very very curious
moment so there you go that's let's hope
we don't have to share it any time well
you know maybe just cuz we're you know
we're pals now and I'm living yeah I
mean danke Schon all right hopper what
do we got next and I got all kinds of
stuff let's start with a tweet though
here Rose has a question for you not
exactly related to the primaries but
it's an important mission nonetheless so
he wants to know what do you think the
chances are that we're going to make
Election Day a national holiday zero
this has come up quite a bit and you
know there's there's back as far as I
can remember there's always been this
drive to get more people to vote there
was the motor voter stuff and in the
1990s and the sort of MTV spearheaded
this thing as when you get a driver's
license you you register to vote to the
low voter turnout in this country I
don't think it's usually when you say a
national holiday that means you want
people to take a day off and actually
vote it's to encourage people to vote
but I also have a heterodox view on this
and saying like I mean do we want do we
want more misinformed people voting I'm
more interested in in in informing
voters than getting them to vote because
what we saw in New Hampshire was a
groundswell of misinformed voters
casting votes and what we get is a
victory for Donald Trump on the
Republican side
well no comment on Bernie Sanders yet so
you know
no no holiday we're not holidays we I'm
gonna go ahead and disagree we should
make every day a holiday every day we
can possibly have as a holiday we should
have michael hopper is because you are
the laziest person on earth so i'm not
fair enough and with that let's go to
Mohsin Khan who's calling us from
Madison Wisconsin
Conrad Khan how are you I'm doing good
thank you guys for having me on the show
today
great thanks for joining us yes so one
of my questions for you is Bernie has
been very vocal on how corporations and
Wall Street's really gonna hate him if
he's elected how do these policies of
that
small businesses ah well this there are
a number of ways of answering this
question let me let me take two the
first one is remember in 1988 when
George Herbert Walker Bush was running
and he said read my lips no new taxes
and of course he raised taxes what
somebody says prior to election and what
they do actually when they're in office
is are two entirely different things in
what I've found interesting about this
election is what what Trump is is saying
and what senators are saying is it
people and their supporters tend not to
understand that the executive is
constrained by the Constitution and
constrained by Congress so what Sanders
were actually be able to push through is
an entirely different story now there
are two different ways of looking at how
his tax policies will affect small
business I think one of the big ones is
we're gonna see an increased payroll tax
and that's something that he's been very
upfront about the payroll tax is
something that is passed on to basically
how employees are paid and how many
employees are hired
so it'll affect it in that way I think
that's sort of one of the the big ways
but the other thing is we also have to
look at what the big taxes will do to
companies in Silicon Valley for instance
so we talked a lot about Wall Street
because you know we everyone hates
Goldman Sachs and everyone hates these
big banks but at the same time the I
mean one of the biggest companies in the
u.s. these lumbering heavy breathing
company Google Facebook not so much
Twitter anymore
but a lot of big sort of tech companies
are gonna get hit really hard by a
sanders tax plan now I admire Bernie
Sanders for for this in one way I'm not
sure of the economic fallout of it but
the one way I really admire him is when
he says I'm going to raise taxes that is
utterly unique in American politics
everyone usually lies about it and does
some sort of backdoor deal one must
respect Bernie Sanders for saying at
rallies in Iowa you know what I am going
to raise taxes that is that is a
completely alien thing to American
politics how this trickles down oh god I
I mean there are the Tax Foundation
which I think skew slightly right has
released a report fairly recently that
said that this is not going to be good
for small businesses the Sanders
campaign hit
pretty hard on this so you have to wait
and see how this is implemented in what
Congress actually allows gotcha thank
you for that answer no my second
question is I feel like a big question
for bernie is if he can win the black
vote what kind of challenges is he
facing to win over to this demographic
I mean look Bernie Sanders knows this
better than anyone
because what did Bernie Sanders do the
day after he left New Hampshire after he
won New Hampshire resoundingly what is
that actually what is the thing that we
can say about New Hampshire kind of a
honkey state it's a bit it's a bit white
so what does he do right after he leaves
honk evil he goes to New York for his
sit-down with Al Sharpton and what he's
trying to do is trying to line up sort
of members of kind of black political
leaders to get them on board what did he
lose the other day the CBC the
Congressional Black Caucus threw its
weight behind Hillary Clinton because it
is an establishment you know entity and
they like Hillary Clinton in I guess it
was probably November yes we're in
November where she had a 50 odd point
lead amongst African Americans Hillary
Clinton if the odd point lead and this
is because nobody really understood
Bernie Sanders Bernie Sanders has to do
a better job of getting the message out
he has a pretty impressive record of
being involved in the civil rights
movement from the 1960s on Hillary
Clinton in the Clinton administration
has a bad record with criminal justice
you know and that's something that the
CBC is also involved in too so Sanders
has to really present himself as a new
alternative and I think that the couple
of ways of doing that it's about
criminal justice it's about
decriminalization of marijuana or
limiting the prison time for drug crimes
which disproportionately affects African
Americans and I'll tell you what the
best person in this race on all these
issues Rand Paul Rand Paul was fantastic
on this issue and if you look at him in
the last present Republican presidential
debate he was going on and on and on
about racial disparities in sentencing
and racial disparities in criminal
justice and I think that that's
something that Hillary Clinton has not
addressed and she's been living off of
the legacy of Bill Clinton who was
famously called in The New Yorker
magazine Bible was a Toni Morrison
said that he was the first black
president now what that meant at the
time what that means now is kind of you
know nothing in the in the Obama era and
the post Obama era but I don't I don't I
think she's going to start losing losing
a lot of support to Sanders on this and
we've seen a lot of people peel off and
for their support behind him so
interesting um and so you kind of
touched on my next question so do you
think that the next president is going
to legalize marijuana I depends on who
the next president is but by the way
this question doesn't surprise me
because I'm looking right over your
shoulder and you appear to have some
sort of tie-dyed weed related thing it's
not it's not it looks like a roof I can
is the angle a little bit of a supernova
so because you were high though right oh
no you would never do that sorry mom he
would seriously would never do that I
know nothing I'm just making this up to
your point though to your point it
depends I mean Bernie Sanders again
there's a lot of things I disagree with
him on this issue I mean he tabled a
bill fairly recently that would
decriminalize marijuana as a federal
crime and that's a pretty interesting
thing I mean will it go anywhere again
probably not because it's a very
dangerous thing for somebody running for
for-4 sort of elective office in a
federal way to actually do nobody has
ever done that
I mean remember Bill Clinton tried to
thread the needle in a way where he said
yeah I smoke pot but I didn't inhale
which is one of the most ludicrous
moments in modern political history but
that's how much it's changed since 1992
to now I mean where you actually have
Bernie Sanders on the stump saying no
this this should not be illegal I was at
a chris Christie rally I was covering it
just I wasn't you know with pom-poms I
was there but we can half ago at a
firehouse in New Hampshire and Christie
had half of an interesting thought in
the first half and of course he dropped
out today but his half interesting
thought was to have drug courts because
we're really cramming our prisons with
people or nonviolent offenders the other
half that was terrible was he's a
traditional politician and
said I think marijuana is horrible I
think it leads to addiction all this
utter nonsense where there's no science
to back any of the stuff up but that is
pretty much the standard idea if Ted
Cruz becomes the president you can
expect worse policies if Donald Trump
becomes the president who knows because
who knows what he thinks from one day
with an ass if Bernie Sanders did I
think you'd have a very very positive
push towards towards legalization for
sure cool thank you those are all my
questions I very much appreciate it
thank you so much
Mohsen thanks for coming on dude so
Michael yeah as long as we're talking
about legalization let's push this a
tiny bit farther Bryan literally just
tweeted us saying on the issue of
legalization
if Republican were elected federal
action could be taken on states where
marijuana is legal is he right about
that or what could happen here well you
know the the FDR who referred to the
states as laboratories of democracy what
a Republican would never want to do and
by the way I would say a Democrat can
take federal action too and there in the
Obama administration has because the DEA
has raided marijuana dispensaries has
rated them in California that's under
Obama's watch so that stuff is already
happening it already has happened but
one would hope that if a conservative
were to actually stick to conservative
principles none of them do and of course
we're seeing Donald Trump who has no
principles that the states are allowed
to do what they want to do I mean that's
the entire point of conservatism and
federalism the idea that the states are
laboratories of democracy and they can
make these decisions for themselves so I
would be very surprised if any mass
federal action happened but we already
do see federal action against marijuana
dispensaries and states that have
legalized or decriminalized marijuana
well there you go Bren there's the
answer
so thanks Brian yeah thanks so I don't
know further ado let's go ahead and say
hey to Zac Alfred who is calling us from
Oxford in the UK Zac how are you I'm
doing great you're in Oxford yeah but
you strike me as an American I am okay
so you're an exceptionally clever
American who's studying in Oxford no but
my my fiancee is but I'm here okay okay
well what's your incredibly smart and
penetrating question so I asked you
before and then when we started talking
about Donald Trump there was something
else that kind of came up and true what
I really am interested in knowing
because I mean you said that Trump kind
of says whatever he feels like saying is
no consistency in any sort of policy
ideas if they're even policy ideas to
begin with has sort of been any kind of
peek or look at what his policies might
actually look like I mean is he just
going to appoint a bunch of people who
like him and who he likes to kind of run
his administration for him like is what
he's setting now really important or
would it be important when he would be
president hopefully not but if so well
one would hope that it would be
important but I think you're right in
the sense that or your implication is
right that it isn't important right now
because Trump has done a number of
things he has told us that things are
going to be huge
and they're going to be amazing and
they're going to be fantastic and when
pressed on these details he says you
know what I'm very good at I'm very good
at hiring smart people I mean he said
this a million times I mean this is not
an exaggeration or a joke the radio
hosts Hugh Hewitt who is also one of the
moderators of the CNN debate pressed him
on his foreign policy this is when Trump
famously didn't know the difference
between the Iranian Kurds forces and the
Kurds and had a sort of big trip up
there but he said you know as this that
was the headline as the interview went
on he said you know Hugh this doesn't
matter and why it does matters I'm gonna
hire good people now what he hasn't told
us or who these people who's gonna he's
gonna hire I mean the difference between
foreign policy advisors can be night and
day it could be an intervention or non
intervention so we really have no sense
of what his policies are he avoids
specifics on policies jobs good example
of this he says he's a great businessman
and he can do things that nobody else
can do because he's run a business now
what are his specifics nothing real
he finally came out with something
specific and that he denied it by the
way he said we're gonna put a forty five
percent tariff on Chinese goods coming
into the country because it's killing
American business and any economist that
has a functioning brain will tell you
that that would crater the American
economy it would just destroy the
American economy in a matter of two
three four weeks so his concrete policy
proposals are not only crazy they're
incredibly stupid and I I don't I
shouldn't editorialize at these things
but this is what I think frightens
people on both the left and the right is
the fact that he shoots from the hip and
and and when he does kind of grab on to
something an actual policy proposal
banning Muslims from coming in blah blah
blah they're usually completely bananas
so that's that's my depressing verdict
so do you do you think because you know
you've been on the campaign trail and
you talk to people
I'm sure um you know there's a lot of
difference obviously between Trump and
and Bernie but are there similarities
and kind of who their supporters are and
where this like popular waves of support
are coming from despite the fact that
they're I mean just complete opposite
ends of the spectrum in almost every way
you know I would I would modify that in
a small way and say that they come from
opposite ends of the spectrum in some
ways I mean they do in the sense that
you know Bernie Sanders is a former
mayor of Burlington and has a very sort
of left-wing base and they look very
different and they feel very different
you're talking to them but there is a
point when the kind of left fringe for
mainstream American politics and what I
would imagine is the sort of right
populist fringe where the twain does
actually meet and I did meet these
people and I thought this was kind of a
unicorn thing that that we're trying to
decide between Donald Trump and Bernie
Sanders I met a number of people who
told me this especially in New Hampshire
and the thing is is that populism has a
huge number of overlaps the attacks on
Wall Street you know who's attacking
Wall Street just as hard as Bernie
Sanders Donald Trump he hates Wall
Street he hates Wall trees Wall Street
speculators he doesn't think they're
taxed enough it's
etc etc free trade Donald Trump is a lot
of fan of free trade Bernie Sanders is
not a friend of free trade there's a lot
of labour overlap here so kind of labor
union people that I met were wavering
between Trump and Sanders now there's
substantial differences on you know
taxes etc but there is a ton of populist
overlap because what they are both
appealing to are people who feel like
they're getting screwed over by the
establishment by the 1% and the irony is
of course that Donald Trump is the point
zero one percent but he has harnessed
that in a way that I'm an outsider I use
my own money and I'm not beholding to
anybody
and guess who also uses the exact same
message Bernie Sanders there's a lot of
overlap yeah for sure but the people who
are trying to decide between them I mean
are that like is there anything
substantial that they're trying to look
at cuz like I mean I saw also recently
interview where there was this woman who
said she loved Trump and like who's your
second choice
Sanders yeah like to me this is like how
can you think this yeah okay what are
you looking at what it what is appealing
to them I think I think the appeal is
who is responsible for my problems and
so one of the most curious things that
not have many people are talking about
is coming out of New Hampshire who wins
big in New Hampshire Donald Trump Bernie
Sanders the people who say the system is
not working the system stacked against
us what's going on in New Hampshire
you know lily-white state fairly low
unemployment it's something three and a
half percent it's a fairly wealthy state
it's not particularly religious state so
what are they responding to there is a
feeling of this change in America in one
sense it's a labor thing with Bernie
Sanders this idea that big business is
running our lives and there's also the
PC thing that Donald Trump was going on
about you know it's like there are older
people that I talk to that feel like and
and I and this is totally honest this is
how people feel that this Caitlyn Jenner
America honestly think there's something
different going on that the the America
of my youth is lost and we want to make
America great again so these things are
pretty disparate with the Sanders and
Trump voters but who they blame is
almost exactly the same
it's the establishment figures it's the
big banks it's the people that want to
stack the system against you the little
guy
there's a lot of overlap it's not as
satisfying become sir but it's the one
that people give me and I don't I don't
buy it but that's that's sort of a
dominant answer that you get from people
for sure okay yeah it's like really I
mean viewing this from afar even as an
American it's very like perplexing
because I can't ask the Brits the sort
of popularity of you Kip and why the BNP
had somebody in European Parliament I
mean every country goes through its
populist madness phase and Europe is
going through a big a big bit of it now
Chu so unfortunately we have our own and
our own is pretty gross I'm trying to be
like a reporter I don't have an opinion
but I do so so thank you I very much
appreciate yeah yeah in seconds thanks
for calling us all the way from the UK I
know it's very hard to Skype from there
no no it's it's not that hard but still
thanks like Michael we got a tweet from
one one let's know why do roughly 40
percent of registered voters just get
primaries yeah I think the numbers
probably higher when those voters make a
difference for a candid of course I mean
more voters would of course make a
difference in these are the times when
you should vote primaries when there's
lower stakes I mean remember in the Iowa
primary in the Iowa caucuses in 2012 the
Republicans had three winners because it
was a difference of I think the first
difference was 12 votes between Rick
Santorum and I mean this is a and Mitt
Romney and ultimately Ron Paul so these
are actually votes that matter in why
more people don't do this
look there's a bigger a Pat the argument
about politics in America people care
less about it than they ever have it is
very difficult to get people involved
but the last two election cycles have
been interesting and very very different
because youth engagement in the Obama
campaign and now in the Sanders campaign
has been really really high
the turnout yesterday in New Hampshire
it was it yesterday what's today
Thursday two days ago in New Hampshire I
don't even know what day it is or where
I am it was an all time high
271,000 voters Obama caucus in Iowa
all-time high so we're seeing the trends
go up actually but you know America is a
very peculiar place where people don't
like voting I mean it's a complicated
answer I think love democracy don't like
voting exactly and with that let's go to
Rin I believe Rin does like voting isn't
that right right where are you ready
what state are you in
I mean oh you're in DC oh so you're not
in a state yes okay you're in a
principality of America win vote lover
what's your preference my question is
actually about New Hampshire and kind of
picking up backing off it's like
establishment thing that we've got going
on we Bernie won New Hampshire but it
seems like Hillary got all of the
delegates so do you think this would be
a change to the electoral primary
process and it would help people that
aren't backed by the establishment get
the votes Rin are you a Democrat yeah
okay well this is entirely in your hands
and in the hands of your comrades in the
Democratic Party because this the super
delegate is particular to the Democratic
Party Republicans don't have this so let
me explain this briefly of what's going
on the last I looked was 15 15 delegates
split in New Hampshire that means equal
number of Delegates for two candidates
what it also means is that Bernie
Sanders crushed Hillary Clinton if you
look at these vote totals right so why
did this exist this is around the 1980s
early eighties 80 84 where the
super-delegates system gets put into
place and you know what it was for it
was actually for to prevent extreme
candidates the people choose an extreme
candidate that could not win in the
general election so the party elders who
are the super-delegates would come in
you know Bill Clinton is a super
delegate would come in and cast their
vote for somebody who is less extreme
and push that person towards the
nomination he is a profoundly
anti-democratic process much in the same
way we discussed we discussed the
electoral college we do that every every
election year and now we are
causing super-delegates and the problem
is to see this total perversion of
democracy and to see Bernie Sanders walk
away from New Hampshire with the same
amount of Delegates as a woman who had a
terrible ground game could not get
anyone under 30 to vote for her and was
utterly trounced is I think a great
miscarriage of you know of justice and
in the state the people and for the
Sanders campaign but this has to change
and and you know what it never changes
because it never comes up it's usually
resounding for one candidate and now we
have people aligning against Bernie and
look I'll tell you what this is good for
this is really good for Bernie Sanders
in one way this underlines the point
that the establishment is against him
and that the peoples will be subverted
by the Washington political class and if
he uses that he gets a great point you
know but then again I don't you know
he's still lost 15 delegates yeah well
but given that so he has been getting
all these smaller donations yeah and on
the other hand Trump's been self-funded
Swee sees a complete change and
electoral fundraising do you think that
that's going to lead even if they're not
nominated do you think that'll change
the fundraising process later on what I
think about this is I hope it changes
people's views of money and politics now
whatever your views of money in politics
I respect you know Republicans and
Democrats are there are people on both
sides that are opposed to big money in
politics mccain feingold is john mccain
and russ feingold republican and
democrat okay so we have a split there
people are on both side tape the sort of
thing but what I think kind of screws
people's minds up is that lots of money
buys elections it's not true and I said
to somebody in Iowa after this the
comparison that I used is that if I took
a lot of steroids and went and tried to
play Major League Baseball I'd hit zero
homeruns because I'm a terrible baseball
player you still have to be a good
candidate if you have that money jet Jeb
Bush spent $3,000 per vote in New
Hampshire and he got 2.5 percent of the
vote he spent two thousand seven hundred
dollars per vote in New Hampshire and he
got I guess I was in sixth or something
you know what Ted Cruz spent $12 a vote
you know in what Bernie Sanders
self-funded so this idea that the super
PAC and all this money can buy
your way to the White House is not true
it can help for sure and especially help
if you're a good candidate but Hillary
Clinton has a massive fund rating at
fundraising apparatus and she's getting
killed and it's actually to her
detriment because Sanders is hidden
around the Wall Street stuff and where
this money comes from so you know what I
mean there there's a couple of different
wrinkles in the post citizens united
world of what money means in politics
and I think money is not what everyone
thinks it is I mean it can help again
but I don't think I mean the Koch
brothers who are the bait great bogeyman
of politics David Koch or Charles Koch
said not long ago we're wasting our
money we lose tons of Elections now it's
entirely correct because they do
influence things in ways that they have
won but it's not it's not assured that
you're gonna win well but I mean with
things like Hillary getting Goldman
Sachs I think she really there was some
statement released where she said she
would repeal dodd-frank or look into
repealing it or yeah lightening it and I
mean obviously that's an image she
wouldn't say that populist rally like
there's yeah exactly I think that's
that's a very good point and and there's
there's a kind of a disconnect sometimes
and the people the way people think
about this money is attracts you attract
money that is kind of on your side so if
people think that you're gonna support
them it's very rare that people are kind
of bought off because it's so obvious
somebody's you know says I support X
policy business comes drops money and
they sort it doesn't really work like
that so they know people who are
malleable who are persuadable or her on
their side but the Hillary Clinton stuff
the dodd-frank stuff I mean look at how
she got hit by Anderson Cooper that
answer was disaster and by the way it's
totally false to when she said well
that's what they offered me no they
actually she actually gave them a price
and they paid it but that was a stumble
where the Wall Street money is actually
right now hurting her more than its
helping her so if I were her I would
back away from it and you know I think
people gonna learn this lesson from this
campaign they're taking money from from
bad for bad people or people that you
know aren't popular is not a good policy
right do you think she'll releases
or the speeches mmm well we've had a few
news reports from people that attended
them and I don't know why she wouldn't
because according to the attendees it
was pretty banal stuff nothing no
promises but she probably should because
if she doesn't she looks like she's
hiding something and this is a Clinton
disease with emails and with stuff they
look like they're hard I think so so but
thank you for those questions and I hope
I didn't depress you too much maybe
Lauren thanks for coming on and he
Michael yeah before we wrap up the show
one last week for you oh good Mike black
wants to know do you think it's
appropriate to call the Democratic
primary and well generally the entire
election revenge of Occupy Wall Street
Mike black good I think it's a good
point and you know why I think it's a
good point is because there were the
media class of which I'm a member and I
don't say that in a pejorative way media
class but after occupy dispersed from
Zuccotti Park and kind of sort of
disappeared into the rearview mirror
people said what a waste what a complete
bus that was people made a lot of noise
nothing much happened in the long run I
think that there was a kind of
incubation period and I think that we're
seeing that in this election that the
two top candidates Republican and
Democrat are taking aim at Wall Street
speculators fat cats etc so yeah I think
this is the Revenge of Occupy Wall
Street I think Mike Black is absolutely
right and I see the established
political class especially Democrats
freaking out in trying to figure out how
we block Bernie and that is I think
probably wouldn't have happened to the
same degree
if occupy hadn't happened if you'd ask
somebody in 2008 what what kind of
candidate we would have and you said a
Bernie Sanders candidate that was doing
this well people would have thought you
were completely out of your mind and as
a matter of fact Barack Obama moderated
quite a bit and didn't go left because
of fear that he would be tagged as he
was tagged as some sort of radical so
yes Mike black you're right
all right well with that Mike black
you're right and Michael Moynihan that's
the end of us and I'm always Michael
he's always right yeah I haven't said
that but no I did all right fine you can
we can quote that to you Mike why don't
you go ahead and say goodbye to
everybody watching at home goodbye
people watching at home and I want to
thank the for a very smart questioners
always very smart questioners on the
show for joining us and join us next
time I won't be here but somebody else
smarter than me will so thanks for
watching
