this governor is denying these Muslim
peoples are not from this country where
native of this country nearly seventy to
eighty thousand people left to die let
Felicia my j-money how did you do on my
father
whoa 0 9 4 9 say suppose you online pack
oh hello there I am Molly
now I do not know
vice news travel to the coast of Myanmar
formerly known as Burma to meet their
hunger a Muslim minority group who trace
their ancestry back to present-day
Bangladesh the Ranga number around 1
million within a predominately Buddhist
population of 56 million and mainly live
in Rakhine State an act of law passed in
1982 effectively denied most rahaga
Burmese citizenship leaving them
stateless and without protection by the
law this has led to consistent
discrimination and outbreaks of violence
yes another thing Bahama Coriana to do
to sue nobody gender I'm having it as I
have a glad I didn't have a better side
boob activity Alejandro Moreno madam
hungry long time ago please who antibody
watch it'll show the vichy technology
daddy daddy daddy why should I say I
have 100 millivolt either that or her
numbers again
one of the largest outbreaks of violence
in recent years happened in 2012 sparked
by the rape and murder of a buddhist
woman allegedly at the hands of a group
of her hanger men the widespread
violence between Muslims and Buddhists
that followed destroyed thousands of
homes left around 200 dead and displaced
an estimated 100,000 people now close to
140,000 internally displaced for hunger
live in squalid camps in Rakhine State
we headed to one of these camps where we
met Muhammad who was studying for a
medical degree when the violence erupted
oh my god sue Miko here Rock there a
money japonica you busy they serve a
purpose in mother topiaries sure get him
a color Hamid good evil over here a
caramel color cycle over here a handle
on a daughter whadda we do from La Table
a lunacorn home with a hot a magnet a
musical Orhan Azaria get a serie
Muhammad also carries out home visits to
the sick today he was visiting a woman
suffering from severe diarrhea
not only with you
not a mission Lafayette
oh forget your mother holiday special
your folder for Amityville who's doing
what is it
her mother failure in the camps living
conditions have been worsened by the
eviction of aid agencies and health
provision from the states is severely
limited
I got Kenny go with anyone well it's
what I am
yeah yeah we met with an wing a former
lawyer and rehang activist who took us
to see the only hospital inside the camp
so here is the more than 1000 to go
closest patient and many people are also
dying because of the to go closest no
come on Emma today there is many patient
you know want to go to City Hospital
despite many needing specialist medical
treatment one ambulance with a capacity
of five comes by only twice a day to
take patients to a major hospital in the
regional capital sit way
I'm Malou Matson the garlic oh yeah
watch it and McCadden Nawaz oh yeah bang
on is it as I can go
this royal people are not getting equal
at everywhere including healthcare
education and Social Welfare and their
citizen right on wingman sekou Samia
Club
a gal a former civil servant and
political activist he wanted to tell us
about their hangers history in the
region after 2010 this governor is
denying these Muslim peoples are not
from this country before the 50 years
they accept that these people are our
citizen do you see this one fuss fuss is
dead
spoken this emphasis is broken by the
Mohammedan who have been long settled in
Antrim and also called them themselves
raw anger as native of our campus my
father was his government 7 so how can I
come from Bangladesh Bangladesh is also
found in 1970-71 where native of this
country for killing the Muslims Ranga
they didn't take action against their
Ukiah no law no law and order even
ounces which has no idea of this I don't
know why this she was offered by this
Robert Nobel Peace Prize this is also
they are Glen to drove all Muslims from
this country discrimination against the
Ranga doesn't just come from the state
authorities there are strong anti Ranga
sentiments
within the ranks of Myanmar's Buddhist
monks especially vocal is what awful
once referred to as the Burmese bin
Laden who use a social media to spread
his message of Fahrenheit
radar Niner okay Gina my god
and I remove this Valley City to roam a
new tier way deeply like a make you body
the widespread discrimination and danger
faced by the rahaga
have led thousands to attempt dangerous
sea journeys to neighboring countries
Ungh wing took us to see the boats were
hanger using to flee Myanmar this kind
of will to live from here at lag time so
maybe since 2013 nearly seventy to
eighty thousand people left to Thailand
Malaysia border most of the women you
know who are going with the Bigfoot were
abused by the boat people many children
were dying because of the sort of water
you know on the boat and some men and
women will die on the small boat because
did drunk you know salty water
we had it to meet no coffee or a hangar
whose son cuts a free from me on my last
year every DPR Omiya hover fire engine
and come - body - the more you woman
aboard the Valerius oh yeah I'm more the
man I could work it to the end and I
don't want to live in I didn't order on
anything they are virtually my piggy how
many feet imodium my Vatican so yea
Indonesian Bosnia
yeah point was an Isaiah Roman ebooks
not quite enough to that this is where
commodious net worth is north
we also met with Madhubala who said his
daughter to a relative in Kuala Lumpur
Malaysia with the hope she would have a
better life
I believe
Latinos bailando not here then he heard
a passenger we headed for Malaysia to
speak with some Ranga who had managed to
escape me and Mo there we join the
national maritime enforcement agency as
they were retrieving the bodies of
drowned migrants from sungai Burnham
River we got a report from fishermen
that book tried to cross our our waters
to the Indonesia but unluckily they
capsized and sank about 70 people's will
be the victim 30 people survivor and 43
bodies
yes 43 bodies
eleven bodies and nine men
okay operation servers 250 buddy
the bodies recovered when Denis Zhi ins
who had attempted the same deadly
journey many rango embarked on we headed
to the capital Kuala lumper to meet with
two rahaga who have built a new life for
themselves in Malaysia ma has been in
Kuala Lumpur for nearly three years I
was born in 1983 in Bangladesh Ranga
refugee came and I grew up there but it
was very difficult for my parents to
maintain our education expense so I
thought that if I stay here I will be I
will be forever unemployed I will be
been forever then I make a plan to flit
from Bangladesh to Malaysia I came with
what most of the people die and they
throw it to the river there's no value
for human beings in boat in that journey
in the traffic urges journey I'm just
like an orphan you know I stay here with
my Bangladeshi friends I have to say the
mine from Bangladesh because otherwise
they'll discriminate I can't dreams for
my future
I just live did for time being what I
have may has managed to get his refugee
status confirmed by the United Nations
High Commission for Refugees by man who
was born in Myanmar and grew up as a
refugee in Bangladesh was not so lucky
I told it in a daze a good country also
a Muslim country so I may get some
opportunity from lazy equipment to
a study higher but unfortunately I went
get the chance however I could without
citizenship I won't get any chance for
education Ameri naman offered to help us
find some of the missing people whose
families we met back in Myanmar so we
headed out onto the streets this one
area where more than 5000 ruined our
lives
my Adam - you know a casino night so
they're my babeh Rutina my bonobo so
tacky to black CDR do go sir are my mom
Julia
although many people look to the photos
and wanted to help it seemed like the
search would require a large effort
mother - not on earth you know no I
don't - what idea that thing you
wouldn't eliminate how do you love me
what about this we weren't able to find
any of the people we were looking for
but Arman and Amir assured us they would
keep searching for them and others like
them I said over so welcome
both President pain sane and prominent
opposition leader Aung San su Chi have
been criticized for not taking a stand
against the abuse towards the ringa it's
hard to see how Myanmar can make the
transition to a full democracy while
continuously failing to take the
appropriate steps to end the systematic
persecution suffered by their hunger
