you're going to a big-boy gun okay but
that's pretty good though right
are you kidding yeah start I'm a killer
your kill you're a natural born I'm a
natural born squirrel squirrel we must
win this election so we're going to have
a spirited primary as you're well aware
because if you turn on the television
every ad is either for a politician or
for Geico the Iowa caucus is thinned the
herd and we've been in New Hampshire
trailing the remaining candidates nine
Republicans and two Democrats as they
make their final push in this vital
first in the nation primary he's been
fighting the progressive fight and
getting results for people
or years of all there are 48 more states
with delegates up for grabs
after New Hampshire the race will get
even narrower and the campaigns even
nasty right here politically New
Hampshire is a peculiar state it's
enshrined in state law that it have the
first primary of the presidential
election it demands that its citizens
live free or die but this once reliably
conservative state has changed and over
40 percent of its voters are
independents and campaign spend millions
of dollars trying to sway them but
there's no science to swaying voters and
no one really knows what will stick
we drove to the Granite State indoor
range a few miles from the Massachusetts
border to shoot and top guns with the
women's defense league and a bipartisan
group of New Hampshire activists and
politicians New Hampshire has always
been something of an outlier in the
Northeast
there's notoriously few gun laws and it
has the most gun industry jobs per
capita in the United States when our
magazines were empty and guns holstered
it was time to talk presidential
politics with the women and a few of
their second amendment loving friends
what has changed in the political
culture of New Hampshire over the years
I mean the Live Free or Die State has
you know become less individualistic
less libertarian over time it's gone
from red to kind of purple how does that
manifest itself I mean do you do you see
this do you see it as a changed state or
are people generally on the issue of
guns especially ok with it and that's
not touched I think in this next
election you're gonna see that people
aren't quite as liberal as some seem to
think we are and as far as the guns it's
part of our nature it's part of our
culture but we look at it for use for
all the things we need for hunting and
for protection who are you gonna vote
for
um to be honest with you I'm an indie
and after dealing with the primary and
all the things that are going on I don't
want to vote for anybody you're a
Democrat yes who are you gonna vote for
that's up in the air it's up in the air
between two Democratic candidates so you
might vote for Bernie Sanders
I I like guys his stance is a lot better
on obviously gun control I think of
myself as a Conservatorium I'm not
really a Republican but it's it's a set
of core values that I don't find to be
the the bulwark of any of these parties
sadly so people are registered
independent is the largest group right
now of registered voters in New
Hampshire
I think all the polls you want but
they're not hitting those independent
voters and those are the ones who make
up the decision the last minute the last
day whether they want give me a
democratic ballot a Republican ballot
and those decide the election
we like to say here that Iowans pick
corn and we pick presidents we've got a
bit of a bad better record than they do
of actually picking nominees who go on
to become presidency I met Dan weeks at
a pub in Manchester he comes from an old
establishment New England political
family but now runs an organization that
fights the establishment combating the
influence of big money in politics so
what is in New Hampshire voter we like
the anti-establishment thing we don't
like the insider and we take it as a
kind of article of pride that we get to
kick the tires and really test the
candidates out typically they don't win
here unless they work really hard and
historically that's been I think that's
worked pretty well for the country the
New Hampshire primary is probably the
most important ballot cast before the
2016 election and as such candidates
spend millions of dollars in mailers and
ads but at the end of the day what we
know works is face-to-face contact with
voters in the Bernie Sanders campaign is
doing the best job of that right now
that we're going to find out just how
they do it you're doing some training
yeah okay and you're gonna train me yes
- yes where do I sit what do I do
okay the campaign tells us how to deal
with both skepticism and hostility stick
to the script and don't get into debates
and how to help people - the polling
places on Tuesday provided they commit
to voting for Sanders
language deceased removed or
inaccessible inaccessible they've got a
gate not if you find them so we're gonna
go out you know find our burning
supporters we will find those who are
still undecided somebody would like to
do a role play
anyone I know hi hi is this Melanie yes
honey I'm mark Alma volunteer with the
Bernie Sanders campaign and we were
wondering if you're planning on coming
out for the upcoming primary out there
very nice the group poses for a last
photo before heading out in the rain to
embark on the thankless but important
task of knocking on doors for Bernie
I'd say or beep we are trying to get you
to come out and support the center on
February 9th we were wondering if you're
part of planning on participating in the
upcoming primary alright fantastic I
mean I don't I mean what do you what do
you say she didn't want to be convinced
she's she's a Hillary split appears
nobody's home what happens when we do so
we got to leave our mark somehow to let
him know that we're here in rainy days
we roll up the literature and you stick
it on the door handle and we mark them
is not hold and then we'll try again
you're gonna come back oh yeah
we're looking for Lauren she went to
work already
all right fantastic we'll try again
later thank you so much yeah
Rosen for Nancy
Wow
there was not like insects
not gonna you know you can't win him all
burned II burn she wasn't feeling the
burn should've just left our literature
anyway I see a light under the picture
we were wondering what issues important
to you I mean what can we convince to
you that maybe support the senator I
that's a great start I mean it's I'm an
old liberal Jew but in this almost
pathologically individualistic staid
it's still the individual issues that
matter
and unlike Massachusetts its liberal
neighbor to the South Granite Staters
views on guns are complicated every
Republican candidate has appealed to New
Hampshire's libertarian instincts I
think we've been a much too much time
talking about new laws that apply to
people who actually follow the law
none of the laws that they proposed you
are gonna change anything trying to add
second amendment one another and that's
how you get this string of
unconstitutional executive orders the
constant onslaught and attack on the
Second Amendment
Second Amendment with John will be as
strong or stronger as it is right now
there will be any chipping away
and with bernie sanders commanding
leaving the state hillary clinton has
tried to add progressive the vermont
socialist on guns
she's even enlisted former Congresswoman
in gun control advocate of Gabby
Giffords who in 2011 was shot in the
head at a public event
there are a lot of big powerful
interests in our country that we have to
take on but we cannot ignore the
overwhelming power of the gun lobby what
they do to intimidate elected officials
Sanders has repeatedly pointed to his d-
grade from the NRA but when we caught up
with him in Iowa last year his views
were decidedly moderate citing his
state's high rate of gun ownership and
low rate of crime we have got to be very
conscious of keeping guns away from
people who should not be having them but
having said that you know if your
question is though I think gun control
is going to stop all of the violence
unto itself absolutely it's not and that
brings us back to the gun range in this
cycle five presidential candidates have
stopped by all Republicans all trying to
burnish their second amendment bona
fides and to field questions about their
gun policies and these face-to-face
interactions matter to New Hampshire
residents it's we're tone and policy is
set for the race ahead I mean do you
feel that New Hampshire has that key
important first date that does set the
tone because the things they said here
dogged them throughout the campaign and
I believe yes and one of the reasons why
is we asked the question the questions
never asked in Iowa but when they come
to New Hampshire we ask the question and
they have to answer it and if their
answer is different tomorrow
than it was today we take a piece of
cord wood and we hit them over the heads
and make them think again which side do
you want when they leave here they have
to go to some liberal places like New
York and what have you now they have to
and we're gonna watch them because we've
already got them to say here's where I
stand and if they change later we're not
going to be silent in New Hampshire
