tonight we have a very ill culture here
and that culture is a culture our white
supremacy this is a place where I could
have been remembered for being dead
including suicide we talking while
metaphors ISM he's the Alpha gangster of
the moment supporters and opponents of
legalizing abortion in Argentina
demonstrated outside Congress as
senators prepare to vote on allowing the
procedure in the first fourteen weeks of
pregnancy the country currently permits
abortion only if a woman's health is at
risk or if she's been raped if the
Senate passes the law Argentina would be
the most populous country in Latin
America to allow abortion China slapped
25 percent tariffs on 16 billion dollars
worth of US imports including paper coal
and cars the latest hit for tat and
president Trump's trade war comes in
response to a 25 percent tax imposed
Tuesday by the u.s. affecting 16 billion
dollars of Chinese goods
Saudi Arabia is retaliating after
Canada's foreign minister called out the
Kingdom on Twitter for arresting women's
rights activists Riyadh will cancel
flights to Toronto scrapped trade deals
transfer Saudi patients out of Canada's
hospitals and order Saudi University
students to leave Canada within 30 days
a prestigious Tokyo Medical School
admitted to limiting the number of
enrolled women by manipulating its
entrance exam results an internal
investigation found that Tokyo Medical
University lowered women's scores from
as early as 2006 aiming to ensure women
only make up about 30 percent of
students
my name is nicaya Walker the current
mayor of the city of Charlottesville
growing up in Charlotte was pretty tough
most people don't make it out so the
same kind of issues that poverty bring
that you hear about in larger cities
we've dealt with for my entire life
a friend of mine we had just left the
church and by the time we had got to my
house from me to be dropped off there
were calls coming in and saying that you
know there were people with torches
marching on campus the next day was
completely devastating I mean it was
very fearful
Martell we did not what the
 here Charla so it wasn't
an isolated incident if you look at it
in terms of American society these
things have been popping up but a little
bit deeper than that the organizers of
that summer of hate and of the rallies
were to UVA alum and now we're at a
point where we have to be honest about
the people using their skills learn at a
university in the center of our town to
bring harm to our town Iran is an
independent because we're back to the
individuals who have maintained power so
when you talk about the people who have
been in power in Charlottesville they
have been members of the Democratic
Party who have allowed some of the most
devastating policies to affect local
citizens we have a very ill culture here
and that culture is a culture of white
supremacy I've seen in my entire life
ask yourself how is voting the same way
you do time and time again on things
such as development and housing truly
impacting community colors in
Charlottesville you have a leader
calling you out on your racist behavior
please stop feeling threatened violated
or whatever you feel by the mayor's
perspective communication and
transparency after the events of last
August the conversations definitely
changed miss Walker
I've heard you say I want the people to
be heard I hope that includes me and you
allow me excuse me we I hope you allow
me to speak without interruption we're
gonna do this every I'd like to end with
a quote from Thomas Jefferson can we let
him finish yes we have to because just
like everyone else we've just been
having this conversation at every level
right so did you understand the what
we've been talking about for over a year
now by our First Amendment okay
so it's not about whether you care now
but if he has a right to speak
so what our fan is bad he is here I'm
not saying I want to listen to him or
that you should have to listen to him
I'm just telling you where we are the
uncertainty of the upcoming weekend will
be the necks of major frustration
there's no trust of our current police
our local police our State Police the
federal government and no level of
government do people trust the process
my hope is that we do this work of
transforming the current state of the
city so well that people will come and
ask us how that we do that and that we
may become a model for how true change
happened in a country that has been
struggling with the truth for almost 400
years from the moment he took over the
Department of Justice attorney general
Jeff Sessions has done several things to
fundamentally change the immigration
system but let's be clear we have a goal
and the goal and that goal is to end the
lawlessness that now exists in our
immigration system in sessions can use a
heavy hand because the courts that issue
deportation orders or grant legal status
are not under an independent judiciary
they report to the executive branch in
just the last few months sessions has
imposed quotas on immigration judges and
personally decided on cases setting
precedent that makes it harder for
judges to rule in favor of immigrants
but immigration judges are fighting back
today their Union filed a grievance
saying the DOJ is interfering with their
ability to make life-or-death decisions
this all started with a judge in
Philadelphia who says that he was taken
off of a case
because when he wasn't sure that a
defendant was informed of a court date
he chose to pause the proceedings last
month
the DOJ assigned the case to a different
judge who immediately ordered the
immigrant deported to Guatemala the
Union says that's a gross violation of
the judges independence and it's saying
that publicly which is unusual for a
group that typically handles
disagreements behind closed doors that's
a sign that immigration judges are
growing more and more unhappy with the
way sessions is running their courtrooms
ashleeta beador an immigration judge
here in Los Angeles spoke to us in her
capacity as union president why is this
case in Philadelphia the case that
pushed you guys to file this grievance
and to do so publicly because it is a
direct interference and violation of a
judge's independent decision-making
authority this is what it means to be a
judge a judge needs to be able to
preside over proceedings from the
beginning to the end and be free from
external intervention especially the
agency from coming in and removing a
case just because they're not happy with
the exercise of judgment that he is that
he's exercising over the case how is
morale among immigration judges right
now morale is the lowest it's been in a
long time the judges are under extreme
pressure to produce incomplete cases
their dockets are being micromanage and
obviously this whole impending quotas
and deadlines that they've been told
they're going to be subjected to in just
a couple of months on October 1st has
really really made a lot of judges
anxious what is the solution how can the
immigration courts be made more
independent essentially you remove the
immigration court from the Department of
Justice remove it from the influence of
the Attorney General and allow it to be
truly an independent court when you do
that then the judges can exercise their
independent decision-making authority
without worrying about the Attorney
General or the agency stepping in to
take actions against them just because
of the relationship that the department
has with the
I'm an opponent security
it's really surreal being here today I'm
not gonna lie this is a place where I
could have been remembered for being
being dead and committing suicide
Jeff didson burger is a corn and soy
farmer his suicide attempt was 25 years
ago I kind of had a sense of peace
though just like you know what I'm not
gonna have to deal with any of the
 anymore I'm not gonna have to
be a disappointment to everybody I'm not
gonna be a burden to everybody anymore
and then I want into this abandon house
and I lit it on fire
and then the next thing I know for
whatever reason I was like why am I in
this building why is this on fire what
what's going on Jeff served time for
arson and he got help he still farms in
the same small Wisconsin town but he's
something of a local celebrity now
because of his story and what he's doing
with it in 2015 he started a support
group to break what he says is a stigma
around farmers talking about mental
illness between what the prices are and
and some of the stress that goes along
with just the daily grind just it kind
of gets to a person after a while you
just wonder what you're doing wrong why
machinery is breaking down all the time
you're not doing your job to the best of
your ability and when things don't go
right it's catastrophic you just get to
the point where you've even start asking
people do tell me no I'm not having a
really good day things are not going
good and the problem was is that you
know it was yeah you know suck it up
it'll be better tomorrow everything will
be fine tomorrow suck it up buttercup
I hear that phrase a lot around here
suck it up buttercup what does that mean
exactly for me eventually meant a couple
of shots of Jack in my coffee in the
morning when I went to work a couple
beers at at lunch get home and it was
nothing to go through you know 12 pack
of something or bottle of something good
mental health care can be hard to get in
places like this according to a Ball
State University study published in July
95 percent of rural mental health
professionals said they can't meet the
needs in their communities it was the
same thing every time I call well we can
get you in in a few weeks
I don't I can't wait a few weeks I need
to get in I need to get in now and
that's been one of the things that that
I would like to see is I would like
people to be able to talk to other
people
Jeff isn't a therapist he has no mental
health training but he gets farmers
together just to talk about their
struggles so what you do to blow off
steam I drink just tell me a bit about
like some of your toughest times that
you've had we had illness in our cattle
then I just cut out every other part of
my life basically and just stayed there
trying to figure out how to fix this
problem you know went through depression
anxiety and I was talking about my dad I
was trying to figure out ways that I
could take him out to get the insurance
policy to cover I mean that's how bad it
got it was those bad when you need to
talk all that I couldn't talk about
anything you know that's what's so crazy
a little bit why is that why is it so
hard to talk about it because we're so
isolated where we're at we become so
used to solving our own problems that to
push them on somebody else almost seems
like a cop-out a lot of the problem is
the people that can help you aren't
close and they rarely know anything
about the industry you're working in I
called the clinic like you said I mean
it took some time to get in and then it
was like two quick appointments in it
well you you're not that bad off but go
ahead okay well great I'm fitting to
kill somebody right now but thanks that
you were made myself a pot and decided I
was gonna check out but it didn't work
out so here I am people learn about
Jeff's work mostly by word of mouth and
farmers from across Wisconsin reach out
to him especially now when the industry
is in crisis and net farm income has
tanked for five years straight
when
I do a lot of thinking when I'm doing
chores especially by myself when I have
nobody else to talk to and this
industry's really messed up right now
commodity prices are low for just about
every crop you can think of Britney
Olson is a dairy farmer
she lives 250 miles north of Jeff she
reached out to him during a recent panic
attack so just you alone with your cows
you started thinking like what the hell
am i doing I had to take a break halfway
through milking cows and that's when I
reached out to Jeff and I said hey I'm
having a panic attack right now can you
talk me through this so I can recover
and get back to functioning what do you
say to you well I have that work had
that phone call go he basically said
it's gonna be okay just try to relax
try to breathe namaste how did that work
it's it it did the farm has been in her
husband Sam's family for a hundred and
sixteen years Sam took it over in 2014
when milk prices were at their peak
today those prices are at a 10-year low
so 27 hundreds of milk you just went off
on that truck how much did you make
yeah right now it's probably less coming
in there's cycles in every industry
there's ups and downs and but this one
is just grinding really long and really
hard I know a lot of people have taken a
look at that and take a look the money
they can get and just walked away from
it like you did the two of you ever talk
about that or think about that
yeah you can think about it but I have a
strong connection to this this is you
know it's in my blood
come on
people outside a farm country are
starting to notice this crisis in July
the Centers for Disease Control put out
a study that found rural counties at the
highest rates of suicide in the country
several states have small programs like
hotlines and counseling vouchers to help
farmers feeling stress but a lot of
those programs are underfunded
it's possible the next federal farm bill
may include new funding for farmers
mental health care but none of its real
yet for now guys like Jeff are often all
farmers have so what do you tell other
people who live a life like yours of how
to avoid this I want people to know that
one you're not alone it's okay to be not
okay it's okay to tell people that
you're not okay also to everybody else
out there if you're the one being asked
take that time be that friend you could
save two lives in that process
a week before the preseason I need a
roster and what we gonna do is give you
another seat for three more players in
case anything happens to your players
you know the outfit that nothing do
happened won't go to jail and stuff like
that but you got extra players you can
pull from the people in this room are
organizing one of Los Angeles's
recreational softball leagues but this
one is different its players come from
neighborhoods associated with the cities
Crips gangs I would like to say that you
know I respect all y'all man you know
continuing to this our third year going
in 12 neighborhoods coming together for
this season man that says a lot of them
a lot people don't understand what we're
really trying to do with our softball
game
it ain't about softball is about all of
us coming together and sure you try to
unite and be able to help us to reclaim
our communities back together
you got blood you got Crips and
everybody know that's red and blue and
there's a perception out there that the
biggest wars is between the Bloods and
Crips but actually there's internal Wars
that's going on on both sides so this is
the 18th side of my street the rough
side our neighborhood
a lot of shoes a lot of dos something
back in the days we gave it a name death
row is the difference between being a
gang member and a gangbanger I'm gonna
always be a gang member and a gang
member if someone is not actively out in
the gang and in the streets that's the
gang banger there is a big difference
once I signed on I knew it would always
be for life I will always be a Raymond
Crip I am now here to get started with
my day of work which consists of
newspaper deliveries you are Li work in
the job that I am doing now is something
that I didn't think I would ever be
doing I am a person who has spent a lot
of time in prison and so employment for
me is a very difficult thing I wanted to
play professional baseball that was my
goal
few things got in the way I am the
assistant commissioner of this softball
league comprised the crip neighborhoods
which formerly did not get along it gave
me a chance to make up for the negative
stuff that I helped create in the
community
I've been able to witness over the last
year how this organization has been able
to step in and eradicate some long
conflict right now some young guys don't
want to hear from us own booze
well we speak to them they've miss
perceive it as us telling them what to
do when we're all we're trying to do is
give them the information so they don't
have to make the mistakes that we did
but if we can get younger guys to buy
into what we're doing then we can get
even younger guys to buy into what we do
not before y'all do casanova's team the
famous raised for the Raymond Avenue
cribs is playing a squad called the
spotty gloves from the rollin 40s crip
neighborhood this used to be so feared I
mean all these gang members you know
used to be a time where this was not
heard of or if there were two different
gangs in one place it was gonna be a
situation did I ever thought this could
happen no not where I came from this is
actually history because it's never been
done before
no clearly wanna lose value everybody
will have bragging rights every week is
like a champ line it up line it up play
this trip the stakes are a lot
higher than just pride and while it
feels like a different universe out on
the field the violence is real in just
the past few months
two of the league's neighbourhood raps
have been shot and killed we can't
continue to do what we're doing on the
streets with violence and shoes and
killers and we may have differences
about foods like wrong but when you come
down the field we serve this on the
field and we also learn how to settle
things on the streets
I know very little about Paul Manafort
except that he's been on the news
recently because she's on trial for tax
evasion bank fraud lying about offshore
bank accounts he's the Alpha gangster of
the moment he has taken a lavish luxury
and gangsta greed to the highest level
and I don't quite understand what his
taste level was we're talking Paul
Manafort ISM show me some clothes these
clothes that have been photographed puts
a part of the evidence and documentation
are not the clothes that when we aspire
to you know some of the Simpson have
been shown could have been easily found
at Men's Wearhouse $300,000 do suits
you've never heard of that people just
don't spend that kind of money in there
perfect the man was addicted to these
labels Allen couture and Dijon and it
was a way to get the money out of the
offshore accounts and to dress himself I
mean I've never heard of Allen couture
until ballmount afford he has jackets
lined in Paisley brocade hunting jackets
to go grouse shooting his bold plan
scales of plaids
they're almost clown plaids big labels
flashy it's a throwback to the 80s the
throwback when people were into flash
and eighties new money but an ostrich
baseball style jacket where do you wear
that when you're Paul metaphor where do
you go do you go to lunch at the Country
Club do you go to your Republican
campaign strategy meeting in that on
Saturday mornings this Python jacket
this shape is weird
is it long-sleeve is it to the wrist
it's just snake
it's just slithering glossy snake maybe
when you were hobnobbing with the
oligarchs of Russia on the weekends you
have to wear ostrich or pythons with the
president I don't know the house of me
John is it's a legendary house because
you know they dress President Obama
President Bush President Clinton you
think Putin suits come from be Jahan
maybe they do who knows well I just
think that he went in to be John he lost
his mind he was in in those throws of
legendary
Satori Alexa
sadly it did not make the mark but you
know he must have been thinking I've got
it by the most expensive thing wearable
art why is it amana collecting paintings
it's one of my good clothes you find
them anywhere you find them at Prada you
find them in Tom Ford but you don't need
to go to these big Zhang's and aleca
tours for clothes there was too much
fuss about these clothes and you know
but I guess if you rinsing your hair
Grecian formula to make it look like you
don't have any gray hair you would do
this it's kind of sad to be talking
about this I feel kind of ashamed to be
talking about this if Tom Wolfe were
alive today he would be writing a novel
about Paul Manafort
this is the bonfire of the vanities 2018
you
you
