it started by me thinking that was the
only one in the world who'd left Islam
because I didn't know you could do that
as I started meeting one person 10
people 20 people I realized how many
people there were and then it kind of it
did snowball it just went like we have
lived with death threats and threats to
our welfare and safety I never really
envisioned it we've come in such a
fashion just outside my front gate I
literally ran out the house through
fields as far as I could
feeling like no one wants you know
because you're going through the ocean
sometimes I've to the truck a lot of
people die if I don't have choice I
wonder what do you think your council
will do like your dad or your brother
would do if they find out you're an
atheist killing me movie living series
