I was wondering if you know what an Uzi
catcher is or an mg grabber or a
stingray yeah sure I was just wondering
if any of you know what an NZ catcher is
what's your answer to the question why
won't you answer the question because
it's beyond my country but you do know
what it is are you've heard the name
before clearly some of the officers knew
what we were talking about we should
forty-eight Freedom of Information
requests to police forces all over the
UK but they all refused to give us a
straight answer of whether they were
using MZ caches we wondered if MZ caches
were being used in other parts of London
yeah that one very strong what we can
see here from the signal strength from
this both Vodafone I know two towers are
that were pretty much on top ah yeah a
cellphone very early questions right
there with the maximum singlet rank
possible down here what we can see is
the public entrance to Parliament so
down there they've got scanners
they've got police officers and we know
that when we hold the phone just over
here ed over the wall the signal is at
its strongest right at the strongest it
can possibly be 47 so that means that
the signal is almost certainly coming
from this part of the building over here
whatever we found in Westminster it
wasn't public knowledge the House of
Commons told us there were no signal
boosters stationed there
you
