the militiamen there have said that they
would you know open fire on federal
authorities if they came to a victim
some of them I don't believe I think
some of them it's bravado but there are
one or two guys there certainly that I
think would be willing to pull a trigger
hi I'm Henry Langston and today I'll be
taking your questions about the
occupation of the Malheur Wildlife
Refuge by Ammon Bundy's militia who say
they're there to protect local ranchers
from encroachment by the BLM and other
federal government agents so let's go to
our first guest
Henry thanks for coming on on the line
today and before we go to our first guy
on skype I just want to let everyone at
home know that we did reach out to Amon
Bundy and I invite him to join the show
today he didn't get back to us so I yeah
if he calls me right now we still have
time to get him on the show but without
any further ado let's go ahead and say
hey to Dave Dave you there yes I'm here
hi Dave how's it going I'm good how are
you not bad Thanks awesome
my first question of the day will be are
the Hammonds the real issue or are they
being used as an excuse to act against
the BLM well the Hammonds was definitely
a Hammonds case was something that Ammon
Bundy and Ryan Payne another senior
militiamen were both very interested in
a few months ago actually both of them
arrived in Burns Oregon around
november/december time trying to talk to
the Hammonds to try and raise more
attention to their case there was talk
of you know big rally to be held but
also post the possible chance of having
an armed occupation or occupation of a
government building to attract more
attention to the case than just a bit of
a primary the Hammonds where a local
ranching family who had been accused
sentenced and did prison time for arson
on federal lands over grazing grazing
lands fires from their property spread
to federal lands they did time for that
but they were resent Ansari trialed
by the Oregon State under terrorism law
because their initial sentencing was
apparently too lenient and so they were
they were told that actually they're
gonna have to serve the full five years
that they were meant to under the
Terrorism Act in 1996 so a lot of people
were very angry at that they'd already
served time and now they were going to
have to go back to prison and the Ammon
Bundy and others had sort of latched on
to this and wanted to raise awareness of
the issue of how unfair they perceived
the issue to be but the Hammonds
seemingly wanted help they they welcomed
them they had held meetings with these
people but they did not want some sort
of armed confrontation or occupation
they were happy to have a rally in town
which did happen and they were that they
always said from the start that they
would comply with a the order to go back
to prison
they were never seemingly going to
resist that though it was something that
Ryan Payne Ammon Bundy seemingly had
tried to get them to do obviously that
didn't happen and so after this rally
happened Bundy and some of the are these
militia guys then sort of broke off and
said who's going to join us down at the
Wildlife Refuge so you can certainly see
that there is some the Hammond case has
been taken advantage of for sure and now
we have this situation where the
majority of the town
although happy that about the support
that the Hammonds received with the help
from Ammon Bundy and some of the other
militia guys but unhappy mainly that
this refuge had been taken over and not
just been taken over by by unarmed
protesters but people with weapons the
local towns folk seemingly we're very
unhappy at this and so now you have this
situation which is ongoing that at the
moment it doesn't seem to be much of an
end in sight that's awesome I appreciate
that that elaborates very well for me my
second question will be these guys seem
well-intentioned but it might be that
they're doing more harm than good what
are they really trying to get done when
they don't have the support of the
community behind them
I mean it's a really really complicated
situation what you've just said is what
people were saying to us you know we
appreciate the sentiment but the way
you've gone about it we don't support
you know the rather life refuge has been
around for over a hundred years it's not
a new sort of it's not a new federal
refuge it's not something that the
people have been upset about it's been
there their whole lives local ranchers
these ones that we spoke to didn't want
that land to be handed back to back to
them and to the locals it's a hundred
eighty-seven thousand acres of land it's
not something that you can just give to
some local ranchers who will certainly
be able to inherit it and be able to
work the land effectively over that a
hundred years the federal government
have built an infrastructure that can
provide services to protect that land
and keep it open to the public and yeah
it's it's very complicated they're local
ranchers do feel that the BLM and other
federal agencies do flex their power too
much that's what they're saying others
disagree with them saying that actually
this land and their industry is heavily
subsidized by the BLM and that they're
getting a good deal so for us we were
getting you know some conflicting
viewpoints on how the federal government
treats them but ultimately unhappy at
the way that this militia were going
about it and also you know the militia
couldn't properly express to us how they
would actually achieve that aim of
handing the refuge back to the people
and how then they would effectively look
after it it's a lot of land it would
cost a lot of money to look after it a
lot of infrastructure also if you if the
BLM withdrew from the area if the
federal agencies withdrew from looking
after this land a lot of people in the
local area would lose their jobs so how
would you suddenly employ 20% of the
local population seemingly I think their
demands were unrealistic a little bit
and they struggled to kind of get that
across to people as to how they would
kind of solve this situation that
they've got themselves into okay thank
you very much for that I appreciate it
noise I think you kind of cover
everything that I was questioning with
this whole situation that's great oh
thanks for coming on man yeah thanks des
no problem thank you very much
hey Henry so we are getting a lot of
questions via Twitter right now okay so
send us this one
what is the standoff costing the
taxpayers of Oregon you know these are
the guys who are ultimately gonna have
to foot the bill yeah okay so a local
county judge actually a few days ago
said that he wanted to essentially make
Ammon Bundy and his militia foot the
bill for the occupation and he was
calculating it at around sixty to
seventy-five thousand dollars per day
that the refuge has been occupied and
the way he was calculating that course
is that you're saying that this is this
is the cost of extra law enforcement
into the into the state that has to
suddenly put up with you know it's not
just local law enforcement they've had
to bring in more police from out of
state from within the state from further
afield the schools have been closed has
been road closures you know essentially
the town has been majorly disrupted with
all of this and obviously the refuge
itself is closed to the public so it's a
lot costing a lot of money seemingly the
County judge didn't say how exactly how
they'd be able to make Bundy and his men
actually pay for it but it seemingly
something that's being talked about and
something that the local authorities
definitely want to do all right well I
hope that answers your question Trent
and with that why don't we go to our
next Skype collar and that is Tom who's
calling us from st. Louis Missouri
how are you doing great thank you yeah
my question is how are the militants
receiving provisions and does the
federal government plan to cut them off
well you know at the moment there are no
roadblocks there's nothing stopping
people moving backwards and forwards
between the refuge and burns the nearest
town which is about 30 miles away
you know the militia guys they come into
town they pick up food you know they
order pizza the local pizza joint figure
is seemingly doing pretty well out of
that so you know there's a Safeway in
town so people are you know shopping
getting provisions they have asked for
more provisions we've seen a couple of
call-outs for more snacks and things
like that you'd think they might have
been a little bit better prepared if
they were going to be there for years as
they put it but so far you know the
federal authorities local law
enforcement is not stopping anyone going
backwards and forwards currently some
people are annoyed at that that you know
they want this to essentially end as
soon as possible but you know law
enforcement hasn't done anything so far
other than actually offer to get the
Bundy militia out of the state so we're
probably just going to throw to a quick
clip that shows the first meeting
between Ammon Bundy and Harney County
Sheriff Dave Ward then I just want to
come out and offer you guys the
opportunity to do that help you get out
and get home and resolved I think
peacefully that's I'm willing to get you
an escort all the way out of the state
and we're here for the know people
Pawnee County we're here because the
people have were ignored they're
bringing up legitimate concerns and yet
sheriff you would not address those
concerns I'm here because the citizens
of Harney County have asked me to not
ask you folks to peacefully leave we
pose no threat to the community
whatsoever at all it's time to get the
schools open let your community get back
to living we do not pose a threat and
that's what I'm asking for but that can
be done honestly though it only takes
one unstable person to show up well we
know that so you can see there that the
sheriff you know his first priority is
to ensure the safety of people our
Harney County and make sure that this
does not end in another sort of Ruby
Ridge or Waco situation then a lot of
criticism that local law enforcement
haven't gone in there to try and arrest
these guys and sheriff Dave Ward we've
been to a couple of town meetings we've
seen how respected well-respected he is
within the community there's a lot of
talk of how so far the community happy
with him and what he's been doing the
part he's only been in office for a year
but
has been criticism from all over the
United States about the lack of action
and Sheriff Dave Ward is a he's a former
Army man he's a veteran you know he I
think he understands the tactical
difficulties of suddenly going down
there and with guns blazing because
ultimately you know it's it's unwise you
know these guys they are heavily armed
they've set up you know defensive
positions they have a watch tower they
can see people coming it would be unwise
to sort of go down they're looking to
shut this down in a in a way that the
militia might see as a violent way and
the guys the militiamen there have some
of them have said that they would you
know open fire on federal authorities if
they came to a victim some of them I
don't believe I think some of them it's
bravado but there are one or two guys
there certainly that I think would be
willing to pull a trigger and ultimately
the sheriff's job is to make sure that
no one is hurt and no one is killed but
also you know what they're doing down
there the occupation is illegal they
have it's criminal trespass they've
taken over this place and so you know
someone is going to have to pay for that
ultimately but his job is to make sure
that the peace is kept he offered them a
safe escort out of the state which
people were definitely criticizing that
you know instead he should be putting
them in handcuffs and that's how they
should be Oscar escorted out the state
but you know he's in a very tough
position he doesn't want this to blow up
but then he also said in that meeting
that although he'll offer them a safe
passage out of the state he said look if
the feds want to arrest you there's
something I can't stop and you know it's
something that I assume the FBI and
others are certainly looking into in
terms of prosecutions over what's
happened here
you know Ammon Bundy's father cliven in
2014 the sort of cliven ranch standoff
the Bundy ranch Sanders sorry no one has
done any time for what happened there
you know federal agents were threatened
with rifles you know obviously a federal
offense cliven Bundy didn't have to give
his cattle back and I think people
obviously were upset this man had a lot
of money too you know taxpayers
and was able to see when you get away
with it so people are upset and I can
definitely see why but it's Dave wards
and you know the people people in Burns
don't want a gunfight you know that's
the last thing they want there so it's
very tough you know there's been talk of
trying to cut off power to the refuge
but it seems they found out that if they
did cut power to the refuge it would
also cut power to other local ranches
which is obviously something they don't
want yeah thank you that answers my
question my second question would be
whether it's fair to do so or not a lot
of people associate these militants with
the conservative movement at large right
is the Republican it's Republican or
Republican leaders trying to play damage
control right now I mean I haven't seen
much of a response from Republican
leaders over this it's a much smaller
example of what happened at the Bundy
ranch in 2014 it's more complicated in a
way I don't know I think I mean I'm I
haven't really been keeping an eye on
their response too much I've sort of
been focused many what's been going on
on the ground but and I don't think some
of these people's views necessarily
represent the wider Republican support
base you know there are issues between
ranchers and the federal government as
there are in any country in the world
with farming communities and the
government where I'm from from a rural
area in the UK family are in farming
they've always had issues but you know
these guys have taken an issue that a
lot of ranches in the u.s. have problems
with but they've chosen to do it with
weapons and you know people you know
protest these kind of issues all the
time but without weapons and I think
their main problem is that by doing so
with weapons they have possibly made it
harder for themselves to be taken
seriously and for you know to get
support from leading Republican figures
because no one's really going to take up
this cause if you've got a bunch of guys
waving guns around we saw what happened
in
and 14 with the Bundy ranch that you
know that was widely perceived as a I
mean a success for his supporters at the
time you know but ultimately they
committed crimes and they got away with
it and you know if you're a Republican
lawmaker or a Republican figure you know
you can't support that so you know they
put themselves and everyone who were in
similar positions in a difficult spot
thank you how are is thank you very much
for coming on yeah tom enjoy st. Louis
Missouri so anyway let's go back to
Twitter yeah we have a bunch of people
are asking about this and I'm gonna
choose two of my favorite tweets and at
bag the nematode who wants to know if
these oregon occupiers weren't white
would this still be going on and palo
pres wants to know do you think that if
these guys were Native American or
African American would they receive the
same response that they're receiving
well I mean both I guess kind of the
similar similar question but you know we
saw on social media as soon as this
happened that most people were
complaining about that yeah if these
guys weren't white that the local law
enforcement and the federal authorities
would probably maybe take a different
stand I can't say whether that would
obviously happen or not it's definitely
the police response at least for the
rest of the US and in social media has
received a lot of negative criticism
from what I could understand being on
the ground I think the response to the
situation there from law enforcement was
mainly from a tactical perspective and
just the fact that they didn't want a
bloodbath they didn't want people to be
shot and killed so I think most people
are pretty already made up their mind
about this question and you can
definitely see why because of numerous
issues over the past two years in
relation to you know police and black
community so I can definitely see why
people would believe that but I think on
the ground mainly it's down to the
position that the militia are in and you
know they're also thirty miles from
anywhere they're not posing a immediate
direct threat to anyone
only if as they've said themselves if
the feds turn up which in itself is a
very controversial statement so I think
if this was say in a built-up area this
was in Burns itself the response I think
whether they were white black or Muslim
would be different I think the federal
authorities would certainly have taken a
different standpoint all right well guys
I hope that answers your question
um and I'm speaking questions I bet
Gabe's got some stuff he wants to so
let's go ahead and say it again I had a
question that came up from I believe
Dave's question would the did the
Hammonds and this Bundy they know each
other beforehand or did the bunnies just
sort of take up their cause well I think
that but I'm on Bundy got in touch with
the Hammonds I think around November
time offering help in regards to their
case to try and raise awareness so they
had met a few times but it seems from I
was reading some reports in The
Oregonian Oregon based paper and they
did a lot of interviews over the past
few weeks with locals in regards to the
build-up to what happened at the refuge
and it seems that yes they had meetings
a few months prior to the occupation and
that the rally in the town which
happened just prior to the occupation
and they were looking in ways to try and
raise awareness like I mentioned but it
seemingly the Hammonds disagreed with
the Bundy's pushing for a occupation or
a confrontation they wanted a peaceful
rally that helps raise the awareness
around the case but they were always
seemingly just they were going to hand
themselves in on the Monday regardless
of what happened you know yes they
wanted people to be aware that their
case was you know pretty unfair possibly
that's what they were saying and they
just they just wanted to people to know
that they didn't want what's happening
now at the the refuge my own personal
question was that they had a
constitutional they keep trying the
Constitution Constitution do we know
what they're specifically referring to
regardless
Constitution how they feel feel that was
violating it I mean the the whole time I
was there I was you know really trying
to get an understanding about what it is
exactly that the BLM are doing in that
area that are forcing them to take up
weapons our Wildlife Refuge enjoyed by
the local community and I always
seemingly got not very straight answers
you know they would just keep saying the
Constitution the Constitution at me and
it never really seen they could never
really seem to get to the bottom of the
issue and also put across to me how they
were going to effectively change that I
think the problem was that Bundy and the
guys who accompanied him when they were
in Burns they they wanted the Hammonds
and the local population to side with
them and occupy a building space to try
and raise awareness for issues
surrounding local ranchers the Hammond
case is difficult because to use as an
example for their cause because you know
at the end of the a they did commit a
crime arson was carried out and they
were you know they were charged they
found guilty they did some time they
were going to do some more time but that
in itself is a rather specific case it
doesn't necessary ax it's not one that
they've all suffered with so obviously
when the Hammonds then rejected the idea
of an occupation seemingly they were
going to go ahead and do it anyway
Ryan Paine who's the senior militiamen
in the weeks prior to the occupation had
been going down to the refuge on his own
scoping out the place to see how they
could take it over and what kind of
presence there was there so they were
always planning this and actually the
BLM knew who Ryan Paine was the Fish and
Wildlife Service were also down there
they had actually put his photograph up
in the refuge saying you know this man
was involved at the Bundy standoff in
2014 so you know they were aware that
something may happen or at least this
guy was snooping around and so given
that they didn't have the Hammonds
support I think basically
maybe scrabbling for some sort of course
to take up you know they kept saying
that local ranchers were there with them
supporting them and you know I asked a
few ranchers who were there like what is
it exactly you know that the BLM are
doing to you that you are so upset about
and in one case this young rancher he
just couldn't articulate to me what
exactly it was so for me it was
difficult to try and get a handle on the
situation it seems the whole
Constitution stuff was a bit of an
excuse for them to be there I didn't
seem to make much sense it certainly
didn't fit in with anything that to do
with a Hammond case so it was a bit
confusing at times to try and and you
know they were they're relatively media
savvy but ultimately when pressed on you
know their demands and how they were
going to achieve them their answers were
never really very straight so when I
spoke to other ranchers you know they
were saying that their demands were just
essentially completely unrealistic so
we're gonna throw to a clip now with a
local ranch called Tom sharp who was
saying you know that their demands it
they're just not going to happen
Kearney County is roughly the size of
the state of Massachusetts and 73
percent of our total land area acreage
is managed by the federal government so
the federal government has built for the
last hundred years an infrastructure of
management offices and services that
they provide all the way from
suppressing wildland fire in the summer
months to a system for handling grazing
permits if the federal government were
to turn that back to the local state or
the local county how would we support
that how would we pay for that how could
we possibly manage that much
responsibility in the way that the
federal systems have been built over the
last hundred years to do so yeah you can
see the reaction from from ranchers who
who are from the area out there talking
about you know the majority of the
militiamen down at the refuge are from
out of state they
don't really they don't fully understand
the issues in the area they're not some
of them aren't even ranches so they
don't even understand how a lot of that
works I think so it's a shame because I
think you know there are some ranches
obviously going to be better off than
others some are going to struggle to pay
grazing fees however subsidized they are
others may be able to pay them easily
because they've got a bigger farm more
cattle easily done so I'm I'm not saying
that there aren't issues I'm positive
that there are it's just that the people
we met couldn't quite get it across to
us what it is exactly they were so upset
about I think there's there's general
people are generally upset about the
amount of land the federal government
has in the area as Tom mentioned it's a
hell of a lot they look after but that
doesn't mean that there be able to farm
it easily and affordably
it would be a real challenge for them so
this whole constitutional stuff I think
all the time is a bit of a smokescreen
for the militia and how they're trying
to handle the situation oh thanks no
worries man yeah thank you game so Henry
back to Twitter and we got a bunch of
cattle asking us basically the same
question and so I'm gonna take a look at
a couple of my favorites a DZ wants to
know how come the National Guard isn't
responding with tear gas armored
vehicles and snipers Darcy is wondering
why they're not sending a Tater Tot
Casserole laced with Thailand Liana but
Keith's kind of getting to the point
here it doesn't an action embolden this
group and similar groups to take
increasingly dangerous acts there
haven't been any real consequences for
these guys yet yeah what do you think I
think that's a really good point if you
look at what happened in 2014 at clive
in bundy's ranch no one there seemingly
got into any trouble for what they did
by pointing weapons federal agents and
forcing them out of the area essentially
giving that movement that small movement
a victory which I think ultimately
emboldened the people there and if I
hadn't have happened I'm not sure that
the occupation of the Malheur
life refuge would have happened either
they know that you know they could
understand that there was a way they
could make sure that they weren't turfed
out straightaway with the National Guard
a tear gas or Tylenol casseroles
so I think I think it is a problem I
think law enforcement and local
government and you know the federal
government is going to have to see how
they handle these situations obviously
the main priority is ensuring that no
one's killed and no one's injured but if
this keeps happening then more and more
groups will be emboldened to possibly
carry out similar acts and that's
something that you know can't afford to
happen now whether that's they just
changed their tactics and the way they
deal with these and if they nip these
situations in the bud or if they try and
help the ranchers or other people in
similar situations and listen to their
demands
you know the people at burns County were
very happy that at least their issues
surrounding the Hammond case and just
the general difficulty of working with
the BLM has been raised to the
international community as well as you
know people in the United States you
know we advise for a global company we
were there so they're happy about that
but they were unhappy at the methods
because they you know no one wants
people running around waving guns
I don't think and certainly they didn't
want the disruption to their town and if
they do have legitimate issues the last
thing they need is for the movement
that's meant to be champion them being
ridiculed for carrying weapons and you
know we've seen a lot of a lot of social
media criticizing these guys and
essentially taking the piss out of them
as some of what they've done has been
warranted but it's it's hard if you've
got real grievances and then this group
comes along claiming to champion them
and then people don't take it seriously
you're in a tough spot so I think
ultimately the federal government needs
to figure out a way of dealing with
these what was an illegal act
effectively but also listening to the
demands of people who feel they're not
being represented and are struggling in
their relationships with the federal
agency's all right well I hope that
answers your question guys and Darcy if
you could answer one of mine please
tweet me and tell me what is a Tater Tot
Casserole you know Henry before we end
the show we got one more call area so
let's go ahead and say Joe who's calling
from London Hey Joe it's good thank you
good get to he and the other machines
arrive whether they should sink boats
and if funding was the leads would he be
able to convince the others to come with
great question you know it's a disparate
amount of groups there you know you've
got guys from Arizona you've got guys
from Oregon but not necessary in the
state some guys from Washington State
from Idaho it's a real mix of guys with
you know differing backgrounds jon
ritzheimer who was in the film he's
mainly famous for anti Islam rallies in
Arizona so you know you've got that side
of this whole movement there you've got
people like Ryan Payne who organized the
defense of the Bundy ranch in 2014 both
actually former military guys but when
when we left over the weekend another
group turned up called the Idaho three
percenters who were part of a wider
group called the Pacific Patriot Network
who were they'd they'd stay themselves
called themselves a neutral party to the
whole situation but they turned up
heavily armed majority of them with
assault rifles and they turned up at the
refuge claiming they were going to act
as a buffer against any hostile forces
so they could prevent a Waco style of
then now they weren't invited by Ammon
Bundy and supposedly he wasn't happy at
their arrival
and there was a town meeting last last
week where a smaller town meeting where
they they claimed that they were there
to protect the people at the refuge but
also the people of Burns Oregon from
outside forces they wouldn't necessarily
go into detail about who they were but
they did mention other Patriots so I
thought they were Patriots or and then
they also claimed they weren't and
militia so it was it got a bit confusing
this week with different groups down
there and seemingly there is a bit of
friction between the militia of the
refuge and this pacific patriot network
from my understanding and you know
you've got the law enforcement stuck in
the middle of all this trying to make
sense of it all so it's a it's become a
little bit more complicated now and
since we've seen a fence that the refuge
has been torn up apparently in order to
offer the refuge to local cattle
ranchers but where the fence was and
whose land it borders the the rancher
said that he didn't want the fence to be
taken down he didn't want to graze his
cattle on the land so it's getting a bit
messy and apparently on Friday tomorrow
the militia itself is heading into the
town to have that hold their own meeting
to discuss with the locals about the
future the referee of the occupation and
what's going to be happening over you
know the coming weeks and months you
know maybe it will come to an end we
don't know but I think if if Bundy left
I think some people would follow him but
I think there would be some people
within the refuge who would want to
carry on but without without the Bundy's
and other senior figures like lavoy
finicum I don't think it would
necessarily carry on okay thank you
all right thanks Jay all right well
Henry with that I think I've got one
last question from you okay and this is
from Josh on Twitter what do you think
is gonna be the lasting impact on this
occupation out in Oregon on the wider
patriot movement well as you said
Michael good question I think that's a
really interesting one because as we
just mentioned you know there is
friction between the groups in
burns itself but then also other Patriot
groups other militia groups have come
out against the occupation so you know
it hasn't I think you know at the very
beginning Ammon Bundy you know made a
call out for more militia to turn up to
help them to reinforce their position
but it just didn't really happen you
know he wouldn't answer my question as
you know how many guys have you actually
got here occupying this refuge and he
would he was claiming you know for
security reasons I can't possibly say
but you know we spent a few days down
there and we never saw really anything
more than 20 munition members at the
refuge at any one time so I think they
were really struggling to gain support
you could see that on social media you
could see that in the press and you
could see it down at the refuge so I
think ultimately though it's probably a
bit of a blip in terms of the wider
patriot movement I think if there's
another bigger more what they would
consider a legitimate cause that groups
would flock to that in the future but I
think this one you know at the very
beginning they struggle to get their
point across they didn't have seemingly
the support of the local population
so if you're a militia member from New
Hampshire or you know Florida why would
you travel that distance to essentially
stand in the cold waiting for the guys
to kind of come up with a plan so I
think it won't have that much of a
lasting effect in the end actually well
with that Henry why don't we call it a
date okay
well thank you for all the guys that
called in and thank you for sending in
your questions on on Twitter let's keep
an eye on what's going on at the ranch
hopefully there'll be some sort of end
in sight soon this is the time for
selflessness for our country
Thomas Paine said I prefer peace but if
trouble must come you let it come in my
time so that my children may know peace
