on our way into the refuge we came
across a local boy who came to interview
among Bundy's brother Ryan for his
school paper something we've been trying
to do for days go ahead ask your
questions and I'll answer are you moving
here forever nope nope yep we're just
here to help establish some rights and
help you guys out we our family wants to
help your family and that's all thank
you do you think you're making an impact
on locally statewide and nationwide I
think that pretty much everybody's
listening right now and I'll tell you
what we can't do it for you you know you
guys are going to have to decide that
you want your freedom how old are you
yeah okay what my name my name is Ryan
Bundy thank you we're a few hundred
yards from the building's occupied by
the militia and behind me is the mallow
Wildlife Refuge and the malicious say
that they are unhappy the areas of land
like this across the country are fenced
off to ranchers for environmental
reasons what they want is areas of land
like this to be open up back to the
ranches so they can graze their cattle
but areas like this I mean it's almost
the definition in the middle of nowhere
there's hardly anyone here there are
certainly no feds in sight and it
doesn't look like a standoff whatsoever
