cool background on this guy here so this
is really hot then it weighs
approximately 89 pounds so 89 pounds
yeah I'm also gonna be probably touching
in some weird spots my first time
alright so you're sure you're going
there you're back to the Portsmouth can
you do this yourself can you put one on
yourself
no you have to have somebody yeah you're
gonna have to have somebody alright the
sea aquapark never comfortable with your
years especially my ears yeah
what's up feel really good yeah okay
sure this can be expected right when
we're bouncing so that's good then
you'll put the top on all right and
we'll drop the visor for you
this comes down ready to go where is he
going
oh please he made it touchdown
so the the front of the soup protects
from from blast overpressure and
fragmentation like any metal casting or
rocks at the bar might throw in this
direction the back of the suit I'm sure
you felt I'm sure you felt it is he
running around a rigid spine here so as
a blast hits him and it throws him the
back piece protects his back and allows
him to skate across the ground with less
injury and the entire purpose of this
caller is essentially to prevent blast
overpressure from entering underneath
the helmet here and essentially pulling
the head off very yeah to put it less
than lightly you're running this thing
it makes like a makes that spring sound
so it's kind of like a cartoon later was
doing doing doing
right here BAM I say about a fan
