we're on our way to Pasig City to the
site of a major shabbu bust operation in
2013 and we're going to meet the former
DEA officer involved in that operation
Jonathan Morales who is now running for
political office next year on an anti
drugs platform little young is abusive I
mean I mean rapid and elderly and in
distribution up in a cocoon and it was a
metro manila open markets are concerned
again
I am in Cebu know when you're lagging
behind Manila afternoon Pinnacle HEPA
Angela what do you think shadow is so
popular in the Philippines Diane I am
Elena Madeline Madeline illa billah'
available a hits on Ultima my own Ultima
main bottom Panda professional
my head up Mohammed Al Ghamdi pesos
matter name how exactly do these these
Chinese gangs for instance operate and
what's their relationship with local
shadow dealers and producers gonna cool
monotonous it or no silly I'm unhappy
lines here silly your silliness Ellicott
them manufactory importation Filipino
minagawa kneeling I mean you have taiga
benta Syria might distribute or mandate
during the market and I'm a pile of in
market every disability messed the hell
and I mean at nothing opinion people you
made a statement saying that your
superiors were afraid to go after these
foreign syndicate that's all ok what
what evidence did you have for that and
did it was that was that statement part
of the reason why you were forced to
leave the PDA Madeleine becoming my man
model men panocha to let them on a bank
deposit slip concern the kudamon banaba
R&D no Kohanim in cebu no problema I
along with the Raton and Philippine Drug
Enforcement Agency now wholly in
Syndicate Obito Atacama come back I know
and Ellen I see
Kamala involved in a parody po Mandela
Lonnie fellow Cap'n chemical is not a
runner
money money money in wolf you know Hindi
Hindi Telugu need to think the
government is being serious enough to
tackle this corruption napa her
incompetent Villa with regards don't
Celina Busse a campaign against illegal
drugs concreting they know nine people
person but an NGO because a metro manila
peleg an epic carbon and illegal drugs
and I mean bana McCrimmon and many Arab
people left empty McMullan drugs pin
Italian balloon up in Italian capitate
Dina Hassan capita Dina has I mean aha
hello stomping elephant claiming veto
unnecessary conference
