we don't have enough women in positions
of power there's definitely a stigma
against women who are natural leaders
it's irrelevant what gender you are it's
just a matter of if you're talented or
not we put there's a lot more harassment
going on with women women are making
great strides but they're still so far
to go a feminist is somebody that
believes in the Equality of both sexes
for me a feminist is somebody who
believes and fights for equal rights
between men and women I think it's
someone that proposes one sexual gender
over the other one which is something I
don't agree with I think a common
misconception is that feminists are men
haters being a feminist is not about
hating the other gender it's about
empowering females and empowering them
in every aspect of their lives
I don't believe women have the same
rights as men where I live where I live
women do have the same rights as men but
I don't believe that women and men are
treated equally in society or have the
same experiences gender is something
that you have to think about every
single day of your lives as a Mexican
woman exploitation of women and
domination of a woman takes place on the
basis of gender caste nurseries I feel
extremely privileged to be in a place
where I can feel like anything is
possible it's evident that balance
against women is still definitely a
problem it's a lot easier to know it's a
point to a country like Pakistan or like
India where they have like honor killing
you know after the tax and say well
that's where violence against women
exists I think it's sort of swept under
the rug here you don't hear about it too
often in media but you do hear it by
word of mouth domestic violence is still
pervasive for sure we saw popular
football players with domestic violence
against their their wives and
girlfriends this year we know that that
Mexico is is a country where gender
violence is pretty much a norm you feel
like being a woman is something that
makes you vulnerable
there's absolutely violence against
women and there's also discrimination in
the workplace
women and men occupy entirely different
worlds in most workplaces there's some
difficulties as a female I think in the
workplace making sure that you don't
seem emotional and getting over the
shock value of your intelligence
there's definitely kind of this fear
almost as like you know if I hire them
does that mean they're gonna need to go
on maternity leave are they gonna have
to leave early to go pick up their kids
from school you know at least in my
workplace women are doing very well we
have more women leaders I think that we
have male leaders I work in the food
industry and you know kitchens are not
historically his pitiable places to
women and these women who rise to the
top of these kitchens man they're like
they don't take any crap a big problem
in the u.s. today is still you know
equal pay on a day-to-day basis men are
just not experiencing the same scrutiny
that women do there's a long way to go I
think we certainly need more women in
politics you see a really really big
disparity between what you look at when
you look at Congress and what you look
at when you look at the demographics of
the u.s. our society doesn't encourage
enough women to pursue those positions
no in my country there are not many
who hold political positions of power we
need to have more women in the
parliament to speak for us the types of
leadership roles in Canada they are vast
we do have a female Home Secretary I'm
Germany has a female how to say certain
roles in society are dominated by mannix
for example the presidency I don't think
we're ready for the height of faith
woman there are a number of women who
are leaders in government in the US and
as society starts to accept women as
just as capable leaders as men this
number will only increase I think we
need the women to advocate for human
rights
I don't think man can do that it's not
like if a man is advocating for women's
rights he's betraying his own sex
Arizona gender it doesn't matter sex we
should hold claim our own rights I think
that for equality in all aspects
everybody needs to be involved and
everybody needs to have empathy for
inequality it has to be a concerted
effort on behalf of everyone in society
I would never say you know men shouldn't
have the KFOR women's rights but I think
women need to take the lead they need to
be their own leaders and their own
voices if they really want to be heard
