we come together as people that our face
in climate genocide
today's Saturday December the 12th what
the international climate justice
movement refers to as d12 a big day of
protests at the end of the cop21 for
them to show their discontent with that
whatever world leaders agree on today
they don't think it's going to be enough
to prevent a climate catastrophe
interestingly today the ban on protests
that was implemented during the state of
emergency in France after the November
13 Paris terror attacks has been lifted
so we're gonna speak to a spokesperson
for the police to ask why hello resumed
de barajas quality Edition digital
tachometer honk oh no no no Katie
delivered due to a possibility dude was
a crypto a state-owned co-present super
I wanna be parallel Mon our evidence a
Conservative government in a participial
virtual conference de l'op√©ra de volver
only a cat Rosa Mendes a total
mobilization associated Seville por la I
see the second phone set up of town a
lot of climate justice protesters felt
particularly targeted under the state of
emergency because while Christmas
markets and football matches and things
like that were allowed they were not
allowed to make actions for protests and
they were raids of activists sports
people were put on the house arrests
do you understand why they felt
frustrated lolita nosotras para una
canzone forces on the door Adelitas it
is real security the best sir
we just got to Evan you tell me where
the big red lines action has just
started ten thousand people are expected
to be here and they chose to stand on
this Avenue to form a two kilometre long
human chain why are you here today
forming a red line one of the things we
have said is their red lines but the
climate we must not cross the red lines
for example is 1.5 degrees if the world
heat was up beyond that points many many
communities especially the islands and
paper coastal people the communities
will suffer severely
today indigenous peoples are standing as
the red line of defense to protect life
because they're islands are literally
sinking into the ocean we come together
as people but our face in climate
genocide I came all the way from Alaska
to speak for my friends and my grades
are the children that they will have a
life like we do
when I was a bit younger a bit of a
pebble I used to talk like a sister and
I please now I've come to realize
systems already change is gonna come
we think it's not gonna be enough of the
second matter now this has maybe they
put 1.5 in some text maybe they haven't
we need actions purchases moved to the
Eiffel Tower now and it's peaceful which
is a big difference to the last protest
that was held on the 29th which I ended
up with arrests clashes with the police
at the Bulge a where the UN cop21
climate talks are happening the final
draft will soon be announced but world
leaders are already coming out as saying
that this would be a historical moment
an end to the fossil fuel era so we're
at the end of the two weeks of the cop21
do you feel like this is a victory are
you happy well my sense is that there's
really two key questions in climate
politics massive emissions reductions
and massive climates and financing from
the north to the south are there any
binding commitments about emissions
reductions and climate financing in the
deal no they are not this deal is
basically a memo from the summit to the
world you know what never mind
we're not going to take care of this
problem so no it's not a victory why is
there such a sort of different tone in
the messages from what the media saying
what you're saying we had so many
problems trying to organize a legal
demonstration on the 12 because they
didn't want any critical voices to be
heard at that moment because they knew
they had to do this massive operation of
you know communication around you know
the big achievement that summit is
supposed to be and what you see is that
people are not being full
the direction we want to take now is we
have to be behind every dirty project
every policy that is completely
contradictory to what to what they've
said they wanted to do we will be there
as Juliet said wherever they are running
their dirty project we will be we will
shut them down they're not going to do
it for us we'll have to do it along with
a red line and inside it it says it's up
to us keep it in the ground and what
they mean is it's up to the people on
the planet to make sure that no more
fossil fuels are extracted
we're at Lugo chair outside the entrance
of the UN climate talks it's really
peaceful and quiet but inside it must be
really intense because the cop21
negotiations are at their very final
stages now for the first time all
nations are supposed to commit to a cut
on emissions to find out why it's taking
so long what's going on inside we're
gonna meet a woman called Monica Araya
she's here as an observer as and has in
the past been a key negotiator for Costa
Rica at these talks so what's the
atmosphere inside the atmosphere inside
is a combination of expectations tension
but also I think there is a feeling that
something is being born I see in the
text so much that would have been
unthinkable a few years back not because
the agreement is perfect but because it
has the elements that we need to make
progress we are witnessing something
very empowering because a lot of the
very specific gains in the text came
from the little guys from the small
islands and the vulnerable countries and
frankly I did not expect that to happen
they are winning the hearts and minds
I think the work of civil society around
them supporting them has been amazing
because it made it impossible for the
big guys to be against them this deal is
being called a historical moment they
will be it marks the end of the fossil
fuel era how much of this is real
commitment in terms of something legally
binding and how much of it is just a
nice aspiration I don't think this
working out on the basis of the legally
binding mess or the agreement but on the
basis of political accountability
because now we know what the politicians
came here to say we know that 186 plans
are
table and it is our jobs as citizens to
say this is the opportunity of our
generation and this is the time where
we're going to have to get engaged and
build movements of citizens support
renewable energy read alternative
theories of change and economics so that
we're part of the solution I don't think
we should be waiting for governments to
solve this alone so in other words this
is only the beginning
exactly but is an exciting beginning
you
