we're here at saint bonaventure 'he's
behind me is the water truck that the
water lady darlene Arviso drives every
day she delivers to over 200 homes a
month and these homes don't have any
running water
how many miles they typically drive a
day 77 they - yeah
how many people live in this house on
this side there's about three families
that lives on the side and then when our
two families on them so these four
barrel you and I are drinking water for
three weeks
what would be this family's alternative
if you weren't here providing water for
them some usually still do save their
ring water and yeah when it's those then
we melt we take in the snow and melt it
that's why we used to do and what it
doesn't sell or vain and some families
that don't have a vehicle they usually
take like pitch height and take their
water check and go up there a lot of
miles huh yeah so this water in here
is the water that the family is living
on this lot used to clean and wash their
clothes and if you look inside you can
see there's debris in there there's
flies in there but what they do is they
recycle the water and they use it over
and over again because they don't really
have any other options
so Darlene is this one of the water
stations that people used to come and
use yeah long time ago there you see you
use these women but now right not but
people that owns it
they only use it for lifestyle when did
people stop using it ten years ago yeah
but sometimes if they people that don't
have like water then they will come over
here and use water too so those you have
a defense yeah I do a lot of people do
that yeah right
if they're there are in need of water
then they'll do that itself is it safe
to drink no it's not safe to turn
is contaminated what's it contaminated
with uranium
