going back I don't know how it's gonna
be I assume it's gonna be pretty awful
the city is mostly leveled many of the
homes are destroyed there's gonna be no
services there's a lot of cleanup that
has to be done there's a lot of
rebuilding has to be done and there's
still the threat of attacks and IEDs and
things of that nature
hey this is Danny gold I'm a producer
and correspondent for vice news and I'm
here to take your questions about my
recent reporting on liberation of Sinjar
and Iraq from the Islamic state and the
additional reporting that I've done in
covering the fight against the Islamic
state everywhere from the border areas
where is the the outskirts of Mosul and
kobani and Diala province everything
like that so let's get started right now
hey damn thanks for coming on
so we've got a bunch of people who are
lined up to talk to you on skype and
we're gonna be watching Twitter
throughout the show so if you have some
questions and you're at home let us know
and but first let's go ahead and say hey
to Jodi who's calling us from met high
school in Providence Rhode Island hey
Jodi how you doing hey how are you I'm
good so I'm like really excited about
this I loved this particular report in
general thank you um one question I had
was based on how Peshmerga in America
were corresponding okay I was wondering
if there was any direct aid from America
to pesh MERGA when they were liberating
Sinjar um yeah there actually is there's
a lot of coordination between the
Americans and the the Peshmerga forces
there's a control room in Erbil where
they coordinate exactly what they're
doing especially airstrikes the
commanders on the ground a lot of them
have these iPads which is how they
actually I don't throw high pads or
whatever tablets they are which is how
they actually pinpoint and call in the
airstrikes um
the Americans are monitoring those air
strikes going on all the time
there's American troops or have much for
troops if there's a right word but um
they're there and they're helping guide
it there were rumors that the American
forces were participating I didn't see
any evidence of that
um but ya know they're definitely
there's a high level of coordination
I believe the Peshmerga have also
received training from them I know that
even going back to 2000
- mm in the war in Iraq there was a
high-level coordination between the
Americans and the Peshmerga they've had
good relations for a very long time so
yeah they're definitely very well tapped
in and I don't think they could have
accomplished what they accomplished
without the help of American airstrikes
was thinking about because I had heard
them talk some of the Peshmerga fighters
talked about how they were waiting for
American jets to come mm-hmm my other
question for you
was looking at the humanitarian aspect
of it what was the living situation like
for the people that were living near
Sinjar that had escaped before and then
what do you think it's like right now
the people that are going back to Sinjar
um so the people that escaped before a
lot of them were are refugees or I guess
you could call them internally displaced
people they were living our camps on the
mountain it looked to be you know it's
not good conditions I don't think it's
as desperate as it was where I wanted it
happened and they were sort of starving
and the weather was was was extremely
hot up on the mountain but now you know
they're living in tents living in camps
there's also camps a little farther away
from Sinjar about a couple hours drive
where the CDs are stuck so they're not
living in great conditions at all I
think
moneymoney the ones we spoke to were
happy with the way they had been taken
care of by the current regional
governments in those camps but of course
um you know a refugee camp aney IDP camp
is never going to be a great situation
going back I don't know how it's going
to be I assume it's gonna be pretty
awful the cities mostly leveled
you know many of the homes are destroyed
there's gonna be no services there's a
lot of cleanup that has to be done that
a lot of rebuilding has to be done and
there's still the the threat of you know
attacks and and IEDs and things of that
nature so it's not gonna be an easy
living I think a lot of them have
started moving back because you know
it's their home they want to move back
there but it's a it's a pretty dire
situation and I think we've seen that in
a lot of cities that the Islamic state
has sort of been forced out and I know
that was the case in kobani as well but
there's a real drive for people who get
forced out their home that want to go
back you know this is where especially
with these EDS
that's such an important place are such
an important place for them I'm sure
many of them have families that go back
their generation after generation after
generation it's their home um so I think
premium for some I'm sure they never
want to go back they have memories there
that that they never want to relive but
for others there's a real
I think pride in taking back week
actually go to a clip I think our first
clip is of a UCD fighter discussing how
important is for him to take back his
home well you in Shingle in August was
first came do you remember what happens
serious money siestas issued a yob
solution Ghana to Castleton acedia
should deny of dis- chief our mana
scenographer monotonous area bus fare
money look at this it is really hard in
a job of Fermanagh cannabis firmly
d√©nia character nursery the chief coach
branches invariant requesting mama
chitters chitters no mama not an empty
the sorrow questions are over and
enemies are motivated this turn the mark
on them
so that answer your question yeah it
does do you believe that there's ever
actually going to be government aid
provided to them to rebuild their city
or do you think that's a long way away I
think there will be I think um it might
not be as much as is is desperately
needed because there's so much that has
to be done in the areas where it were
the Islamist state has been and KRG has
an extremely long border but I think
that there will be because I think it's
important to them to sort of incorporate
that area into their their territory
into their expanded borders the
character
thank you so much you're welcome thanks
for thanks for joining us yeah Jody
thanks for coming on so Danny we were
getting a bunch of good tweets and I
don't Emmit sent us this one that I want
to read for you Joe asked how many Isis
fighters were thought to be in Sinjar at
the time of the liberation so you know
what was the challenge that the the
Peshmerga were coming up against um I
have no idea I know that there had been
fierce resistance there for a very long
time we're talking you know more than
half a year
I think the
what we heard was that there was some
form of tactical retreat in the days
leading up to the the convoy that we
wrote in on I know that would there were
sporadic fire fights breaking out there
were suicide bombers but I was actually
surprised inside the city we didn't see
a lot of bodies so I honestly can't tell
you there were some holdouts there were
definitely suicide bombers there were
snipers but I don't think it was a
massive amount I think many of them had
fled at one point or another cool well
Joe I hope that answers your question
and let's just go ahead and say hey to
Mohammed who is calling us from I
believe Syracuse New York and I know
he's got some questions for us hey
Mohammed how are you good thank you for
having me here for joining us man thank
you so my question is is there any
tension between the benchmark of the
curves - mica and the Hajj - Abby yeah
so I mean I can't speak on the hisab II
sorry specifically but I know that there
is a tremendous concern more so actually
then with Isis with the the
iranian-backed Shiite militias that's
the number one concern I heard from
people in the in the KRG about the
future they all think that is is going
to fade eventually but they're very
scared of the Shia militias and their
capabilities their manpower and their
backing so while we were there there was
fire fights breaking out in Cuzco Matsu
which which is you know sort of the the
border area between the new KRG borders
and and is and now the Shia militias um
but there's also a lot of people think
that or some people I know who are very
well placed in this regard think that
eventually there will be a fight over
Kirkuk because there's always a fight
over Kirkuk so I think in the long term
that's much more of a concern for the
Kurds then is is and there's a real real
fear when it comes to that because they
really think that they're better
equipped they're better fighters and
they're they're they're you know more
powerful than than the Islamic state
okay so what the my second question is
do you think there will be a giant
operations to liberate Mosul between
both sites will there be joint
operations lemare Mosul um I don't know
it's a it's a really controversial idea
the idea of the Kurds going in there and
I think you know there's a lot of debate
about it whether the Kurds are gonna you
know they've sort of taken the territory
they want to take their disputed areas
that they believe belong to them
Mosul I don't think is included in that
at the same time you know they probably
would be seen as a foreign invading
force if they went into Mosul because it
is a mostly Sunni Arab population and
that could stand to um you know isolate
not isolate but put up but push people
towards is it would definitely upset
people if the Kurds went in there on
their own I think the plan right now is
to is to get local Sunni Arabs involved
in whatever the taking is of Mosul
because the idea of the Kurds doing it
on their own with American backing is
gonna be seen as the population there
who are probably you know two are
against is as just another invading army
um so I think there are plans right now
and try to figure out how to work that
out and how to do that because the idea
of the Petra murder going in there on
their own even with American backing is
just not a smart one thank you for
joining us man I appreciate really good
questions - all right yeah Mohammed
thank you for coming on um Danny let's
just go straight to our next caller
let's go ahead and say hey to Lenny hey
Danny how are you good thanks for having
me on the show yeah look I really loved
your report on the retaking of Sinjar
that was really good
thank you man so one of the questions I
had was based on what you've seen in the
region how strong were controlled to do
the Kurdish forces have there you know
are they afraid of a counter attack by
Isis do you think that Isis might come
back and regain the territory that
they've just captured no I don't think
they'll begin a territory um between the
air support and and the Kurds being a
bit more fortified there were a couple
moments in the past year where the
Peshmerga forces have been embarrassed
they've been over an
and they've had to retreat but um now
they're they're pretty well entrenched
you know you're gonna have the
occasional sort of night raid suicide
attack or cell that pops up interview or
Suleymaniye that has happened in the
past year as well but I can't see them
mounting a large attack again where they
would really over on them um they could
over on a few checkpoints I can
definitely see that happening especially
at night especially in areas that maybe
aren't as well enforced but the idea of
them really reclaiming back this
territory I think is a far-fetched so it
looks like the Peshmerga forces are
making advances rather than losses and
Isis kind of slowly retreating back into
the territory that they originally
captured so does it look like the fish
burger first is there going to be
winning this war or this proto war well
I'm sorry you were a little you're
breaking up but they can Yuri ask that
do you think in the long run that the
Peshmerga forces are going to be able to
defeat Isis and basically kick them out
but from there if they've already done
that whether we're gonna do it in areas
like Mosul and further south is another
question I don't think the Peshmerga
have any plans of going further south
and it might not be wise to send them
for the south because you're moving into
areas that don't have high Kurdish
populations where the Petra murder will
be seen as again invaders so I don't
know I don't know what's gonna happen I
don't know what the what the thinking is
with that it's the same issue in Syria
right now when you have the the YPG who
or the Kurdish militia that have been
extremely effective in in fighting the
Islamic state what they've been doing
now is they're partnering with a lot of
local Sunni Arabs from the area to have
them sort of take the lead in these
areas as they move further into into
territory that's more controlled by that
has a higher Sunni Arab population
because you know that that's what you
need to sort of uh win over the local
population and and and get people away
from the Islamic state right you
mentioned Kurdish forces moving towards
the south and how that might be
controversial do you think that there's
going to be any collaboration between
the Iraqi government and Kurdish forces
in trying to fight Isis um depends what
you mean by coordination
I you know they have they don't have the
best relationship maybe but uh you know
they could end up I don't think the
Iraqi government is pleased or Baghdad
is pleased that uh the Kurds have moved
into Sinjar and those areas they might
eventually want that territory back as
according to the official KRG borders
that doesn't belong to the to the Kurds
they of course feel differently so I
think in the long run it's more likely
that there will be tension between
Baghdad or the tension between Baghdad
and the KRG will continue as opposed to
coordination but who knows great that's
that's all thank you so much yeah of
course
yeah let me thank you so Denny we're
getting some good tweets want to take a
look at two of them the first ones from
Adi and Adi is asking does do rather the
Peshmerga have any allies besides the US
who are actively contributing resources
to the fight yeah they do they do I
don't have the numbers but I know a host
of European countries are I think
Germany was training some of the local
police forces when recently I have has
given a lot of weapons I honestly don't
know the specifics but I know that a lot
of European countries have to have them
have contribute or PSA's cool so you
know I'm gonna I'm gonna ask my own
follow-up I'm seeing a lot of people are
hinting at this but Dani can you talk a
little bit about some of the regional
challenges that the Kurds face I know
that it's not exactly the most friendly
region to the Kurds no I mean you have
to get very specific there because
different Kurdish groups have different
allies for example the KDP party which
is the the the party that had that
controls the Peshmerga that we went into
syndra with um have a good relationship
with Turkey whereas turkey hates the the
YPG who are the leading Kurdish group in
Syria that are defeating Isis as we
speak so what's a big mishmash of
alliances you know they've got to be
concerned with with Baghdad they've got
to be concerned with Iran they've got to
be concerned with the Free Syrian Army
or aspects of the PCEHR an army and I
saw
they've already concerned with Turkey
it's a it's a really tangled web you
know and and then you have the the
differences between the different
Kurdish groups where some of them are
aligned with some of these groups and
some of them aren't so I mean I don't
really know how to answer that it's uh
it's complicated I think that's as good
an answer you can expect from this
really complicated conflict so one more
question for you and this one's from
we've got two people asking basically
the same thing and they want to know are
the airstrikes effective and Jonah as a
follow-up wants to know if they're doing
more harm than good so how do people in
the ground view the airstrikes so the
airstrikes question is uh is an
interesting one because you see I mean
the British Department I think just
agreed to contribute I don't know I
couldn't making that up I just read a
headline um but the debate seems to be
there's no middle ground here either for
indiscriminately bombing Raqqa or you're
against air strikes period but the truth
is that somewhere in the middle ground
is the accurate answer the air strikes
definitely helped I mean I've been in
kobani I've been in Sinjar there's no
way that those places could've been
reclaimed without air strikes same goes
for Mosul Dam there's a reason you're
not seeing those videos anymore of giant
Islamic state convoys going to reinforce
their fighters because they would get
blown up so the airstrikes definitely
help especially in areas where there are
few civilians and where there are
outpost or where the Islamic states
being pushed back by curse forces now
the idea of bombing a place like Raqqa
heavy civilians center or Mosel
indiscriminately is moronic and should
not be done and will only hurt things
but this idea that airstrikes don't help
at all is is false
they definitely help I've seen them help
every Kurdish fighter I've spoke to in
kobani and attack Sinjar says they
could've done it without them
and they actually want more they're
upset that there's actually such a with
dealing with the Americans there's a
high level of approval needed to get the
airstrikes done but then again if you
start bombing and discriminately
and you know I should say that the Coeur
forces might not have the you know I'm
gonna leave that you know damn that is a
fantastic answer I'm not done I'm not
done you know are you not I'm not done
now before it um you lost my train of
thought now for cuz you cut me off this
isn't like the Oscar speech I can I can
finish my thoughts yeah we don't have
walk-off music anyway so no yes the
airstrikes do help if they were done in
discriminately if they were bombing in
civilian areas like Raqqa they could
definitely do some harm they will
definitely kill civilians and I would
hesitate to encourage anyone to support
heavily bombing these areas but in the
case of kobani Sinjar Mosul dam of those
areas they were extremely helpful and
those areas couldn't have been taken
without the airstrikes isis will still
have very heavy supply lines and a lot
more heavy arms if there were no air
strikes alright so I'm not gonna enough
no no I'm good now okay it's just rude
yeah yeah well we'll have to discuss
that in the sidebar but let's say it at
- I promise not to be rude to type at
all so type come on and let's ask some
questions the Danny hey Danny how's it
going good Matt hello
not too bad great reporting I loved
loved the documentary you know there was
a lot of great messages that they had in
there so you know the night that Sinjar
fell there were about you know five to
eight thousand Peshmerga forces that out
of nowhere they just left without giving
the locals injuries any warning or any
sense of evacuation so how do these
locals feel about the Peshmerga forces
right now um that's a really good
question I don't think was five to eight
thousand I think it was far less than
that I think it was a couple hundred but
they did they did retreat and there are
a lot of Yazidis who felt betrayed who
felt like they can't trust the Peshmerga
um I think it's split the pansy know you
have a couple Peshmerga fighting forces
some of them are aligned with what the
PKK and their affiliates some of them
are aligned with what the KDP
the Peshmerga that I went in with and
they're it's hard to get at the truth I
think there's a lot of them that were
disappointed in what happens and feel
betrayed by the Peshmerga now there's a
lot of them at also feel like you know
they're they're the reason that they
were able to come back to Sinjar and
that they were taking care of
well by the curstyn original government
when they fled so it's a it's a toss-up
I don't think there's one monolithic
answer among these any population I do
know that some have expressed as you
said a lot of a lot of anger towards
that and so they weren't looked after
well what you know you know how can we
tell that the same thing is not gonna
happen again that the patient divorce is
actually gonna stay there and then it's
gonna be committed to protecting the
people there I think it was poor
planning last time I think they were
caught by surprise
I think they underestimated the the
capabilities of the Islamic state when I
think now they've been shored up a lot
more by international forces by the
airstrikes look I can't guarantee what's
gonna happen but I think that now they
realized that um you know their pride
was wounded the reputation was was
wounded and they I think they were they
were extremely embarrassed by what
happened and I think that now they've
realized they've really got a got a you
know do better at showing up their
defenses and things of that nature plus
also you know let's be honest they want
the territory that is disputed areas
that they've always felt belong to them
that's a lot of areas further south of
um including Kirkuk further south of the
curstyn regional governments borders the
feeling is that over the past few
decades
again the Arabization process has to
change the demographics that's always
been Kurdish land that's how they feel
and they feel that it rightfully belongs
to them and now that they have these new
borders they've had this opportunity to
sort of take back that land no one else
is gonna protect anyone there we saw
that in Kirkuk we saw that in in those
areas back last in 2014 and over the
summer that the Iraqi army just fled so
I think that there's a real there's a
real pride there now and there's it's a
real um what's the word I'm looking for
there's a real sense that that they need
to be there and that no one else should
be there or should have that land that
they're the only ones that can protect
it so I think they're really gonna you
know I can't see it happening again when
they would over in those areas in the
near future and just finally following
up on the humanitarian situation of
those who fled Sinjar can you tell us a
little bit on
the conditions of those you know
internally displaced people you know
what what what obstacles they're facing
and kind of what their needs are and
what kind of assistance are they
receiving um so I mean in any IDP camp
it's always gonna be a rough situation I
didn't get to spend too much time in the
ECD camps I was actually in Domi's which
is the biggest refugee camp I believe
the biggest refugee camp in the
Kurdistan Regional Government in Iraq
and I went there because this operation
was delayed to see how people were
showing up for the winter whether they
were concerned or not and I went there
expecting to a story about how they're
not being helped enough and how they
were very nervous for the winter people
getting sick and I asked a bunch of
people I went and we got there and they
were like oh no I mean we'll be right
we'll be ok I mean this is how it works
it's been they've been there for four
years now it's turning into a city of
sorts
I'm sure there's problems with
employment a lot of people probably left
for Europe food didn't seem to be an
issue but look it's not it's not a great
area it's not a great place for anyone I
think there's a lack of hope there's a
lack of opportunity and some real
disillusion people but in terms of
conditions of other camps I've seen they
were far better off than uh then then
the overwhelming majority of other IDP
camps in refugee camps have peed in
other places
thanks so much Danny no problem thanks
right thanks for joining us yeah and
time thanks for coming on so Dan we're
just about at the end of the show but
we're gonna some really good tweets oh
you feel about answering a couple of
these
do I have to yeah you do so so I didn't
really have there wasn't really an
option of you know that was not really a
question okay so Charles wants to know
what do you think are the next
objectives after Sinjar what do you
think the important roads are and the
places that the attention of the the
various groups fighting the Islamic
state will focus next I honestly don't
know obviously Mosel and Tel afar I
think are are big on the list
I think Iraqi forces are going for
Ramadi quite soon if they haven't
started already but I'm mostly familiar
with the Kurdish fighting now with what
what Baghdad is up to yeah I think the
big question everyone's mind is Mosul in
Iraq at least is Mosul and then in Syria
is Raqqa how that's going to go about
how the coalition forces along with
their allies
go about taking those I could see a
siege situation happening supply lines
are heavily cut guru bliss in Syria
needs to be cut off the Turkish
government is not allowing Kurdish
forces to do that but I am assuming
there's going a lot of pressure put on
them to have that happen and once that
happens you're gonna have a lot of
supplies reinforcements and financial
means for these longneck state being cut
off um so I think those three areas are
gonna be a happy focus but I you know
I'm not a military strategist I don't
know exactly the right way to go about
that or whether the what the actual
objectives are but that would be my
assumption all right well I hope that
was good answer for you Charles but then
we got to questions now they're
basically in the same vein so let's take
a look at these Bobby wants to know do
you think that Iraq and Turkey feared
the Kurds are fighting for an autonomous
region and if that fear might be
affecting their support widely then Alex
sent us this he wants to know i if the
Kurds said anything about their view of
Turkey's involvement in the war so what
did you you hear um they already have in
Tana miss regions I mean that's done the
idea of them setting them up and people
being worried about it's happened
already Iraq and Turkey I think have to
accept that of course they're still here
about that um Baghdad still wants you
know there's still issues with budgets
and things like that Baghdad doesn't
want to see the current state any more
power they've sued to stop them from
selling oil
so there's deathly concern about that
but there's nothing they can do for the
most part and Turkey of course turkey is
always never going to want the the YPG
especially to set up more to gain more
territory to create more of a state it's
probably they're more concerned with
that and they are with the Islamic state
let's be honest what was the second part
about talking about so I mean that
depends on who you're talking to when we
talk to PKK fighters of course they
accused turkey of supporting the Islamic
state of doing whatever they can to
stall the fight against the Islamic
state um
and things along those lines but the
Peshmerga and the curst and regional
government especially the KDP
have good relations with Turkey so
you're not going to hear too many of
those accusations against Turkey when
you're with them but yeah I mean I think
the overall feeling
curds on a hole even though the idea of
like a monolithic Kurdish entity and
opinion is extremely wrong and
far-fetched is uh yeah they think that
Turkey is supporting these long state
and it's hampering the Kurdish fight
against the Islamic state
all right well damn with that why don't
we call it a day and say goodbye to
everybody at home guys thank you for for
tuning in
I hope you gained some value from this
and I didn't say anything to wrong and
probably pronounce words relatively
accurate hopefully please tune in to
vice news com you can watch our report
on Sinjar there you can go back and read
the article on kobani
it's excellent if I do say so myself you
can look back at our battle for Iraq
series there's a number of really good
documentaries as well that ours were
seen as did about the fight against the
Islamic state both in Iraq and Syria I
would encourage you to watch all of
those quit your job I don't know could
your job but take the day off and go
home and watch them and please tune in
next week for on the line where
something else
someone else will be answering questions
about something else I don't know yeah
tune back in it'll be great the Islamic
states path of destruction had left more
than just physical scars the town could
be rebuilt eventually but the distrust
and hatred that now exists between
one-time neighbors seems irreparable
you
