era see no puede pasar Asano's otro
momentos algunas partes de las sandías
que estén dando organized a recruiter
llama your can see that the shaman is
possibly an illusory Avera so sigma
Muertos and manic the pandyas in
gunshot wounds cannulated how do they
all right out erotic it's Saturday
lights on the streets are pets over
there
we're with the Volunteer Ambulance
Corazon Soliman 15 year old Mauricio
Garcia is one of the commandos the
Solomon
when we get to the scene police and
another medical team are already there
with a murder rate of one per hour in El
Salvador it won't be long until they get
another call back at the headquarters
Mauricio leads the nightly prayer
Mauricio like many of the volunteers is
just a teenager but most of his free
time is spent with the ambulance team
running question in surprise un poco
rally now okema highest o embed under
and where is peligrosos and our home
Fury's the multi uh where you live is it
a big problem the violence the gangs see
like I could see I'm weepin do so in la
razón de que franconi Pulido a que una
Colonia contrary lo que son is a bang lo
que the community matera La Colonia icer
disturb use a sycamore tree house
Jana Colonia cerca Mikasa estamos who
know compañero de del estudio unos
amigos y una friend Tammy ento and to
elastic Mohamed to him company Romeo
fire show fire Sherlock carrying a hello
and say so na factorial times emotional
and psychological mentee how was the
violence the game the game fighting how
is that affected the job here that you
guys go out and do I mean is it
dangerous when you go out there are you
dealing with a lot of a lot of people
that are wounded
gunshots fights things like that donde
esta el temor de que estamos haciendo la
persona c'est un bolado una emergencia
America puede si pero la colonias donde
Masonic when sia no podemos akhtar a
entrar confi a Cohen confianza Y Vera
seeded a que no puede pasar ESO nosotros
many of the volunteers know someone who
has been killed or has joined a gang
willingly or by force the young are
often the killers and the victims under
attack from the police and military the
gangs 18th Street and ms-13 are
recruiting children as young as 10 11
and 12 if convicted of crimes they serve
way less time than adults musical as
pandyas cannon Dreyfus poor fundus la
sociedad is impossible exterior wound
apart a tan importante de la sociedad
con la cual cualquier resultado en el
que parece que las pandyas es tan retro
CD end OS temporal siempre para volver
siempre volver a ver a Cena's day me
lazy Pandey arrows a chose her a most
ITN estos momentos algunas partes de las
pandyas que estan dando órdenes de
recruit our la meilleure cantidad de
homine his possible
we keep hearing about how even more so
than before the gangs are recruiting
younger and younger kids so we've come
here to the only female juvenile
detention center in the country both
gangs aren't here to gather and they mix
inside the jail
Maria concepción cumbias or mommy as she
is known to the girls gives us a tour
some of the 80 girls are in class and
others are in workshops
what are a lot of the girls here for me
what type of what type of young woman is
being sent here follow me see no man or
allow them in here for involvement with
the gangs I'm given a model I'm a senior
research record s Aquila chicken de la
calle en el NCR Antonia you see Antonia
he'll come pero como que vea también
tienen en este terribie Senegal terrible
ciccolo heeta most are from gang
communities and our gang members
girlfriends or sisters well their DNA
lab en este kolkata a team yet again who
knows a lot certain wa haroon they are
gay any reason uh no
because I've been a quitter
nothing you know uniformity man
80% of the girls have been arrested for
extortion they're sent by the gangs to
issue threats to make people pay staff
at the jail are extremely protective of
the girls fearful that any hint of their
identity completes a retaliation from
the gangs only a few girls are allowed
to talk to us Andrade's committee bueno
en este caso le parece que en mi amigos
osa tal vez una puede ser mi ha me
Roberta pero también Porter uno quiere
tar been severe que que se siente
experimenter algo tiempo en escuela
Taniya alguien que vio se and Presidio
Kerry experimental a case once they're
involved in the gangs it's impossible to
walk away
inside though they can enjoy themselves
without having to constantly look over
their shoulder
this place kind of feels like a safe
environment
somehow for these young women and the
concern is that what happens when they
leave you know here there's
opportunities they're learning new
skills but from everything we've heard
from people in their communities they
come from this sort of protection and
this sort of you know opportunity to
learn justice embarrass on the outside
avoiding contact with the gangs can be
impossible even at school we heard
stories of students extorting other
students even teachers or parents some
are killed or disappeared
90% of schools have problems with gangs
many parents are pulling their kids out
of school but without Salvador's murder
rates showing no signs of slowing down
lots of families are trying to get out
of the country all together with the
threat posed by the gangs especially the
young people a lot of families have
elected to send their children sometimes
an accompanied up north to be illegally
smuggle into the United States we're
about to meet a family that is a trying
to decide whether or not to do that with
their two young children right now
because they've actually faced threat
from the gangs themselves they've
requested that we hide their identities
Gioconda yeah but I'm a hunan gusta
every loss oh ha ni para means muy
difícil did they hurt Sola me huh
momento
and on the third day yeah I mean what's
happening in the neighborhood I mean
what do you see on a day-to-day basis
have you a momento decade a caballo
nosotros vivimos policías he home in the
Sierra Nevada sparrows hemos oído k
sobre las Casas possum las bolas de mis
hijos duermo vesta mente yo tengo que ya
marlow see decirles que busca muy la
Paran más fuerte que hoy para proteger
Lee su vida what's it like to be a
mother no Salvador right now yo estoy
viviendo una situación estrous ante Co
pero la posibilidad de poder lo Sekar
destepello no lo voy a dar yo me voy con
ellos
young que ellos no quieren e más
adelante a male or approaching despite
switching schools her teenage daughter
has been repeatedly threatened by the
gang
that they'll kill her and her family
almost everyone we spoke to know
Salvador during our trip said they would
leave if they could Smuggler's take
entire families or individuals it's
seven thousand dollars for a man four
thousand dollars for a woman or child so
one of the main things we've been
hearing here from a lot of people that
we spoke to is that most people are
either trying to go north or trying to
send their family members just because
the level of danger is so high here and
everyone's really fearful so we're here
with a coyote people smuggler and he's
gonna break down for us how this works
and tell us about what's been going on
but people trying to flee the country I
said this is a magical Avenue increment
and una bola de double NZ y por esta vez
que la gente esta muy Grande oh it's a
saying
bata familiar man what type of people
are you seeing trying to leave the
country right now what are the what are
the trends were noticing a mucho smash
menorahs console console Mama's the
motorhome and the beta Cinco años para
por esta vez por que la Amitha Verma a
No Limit a loonie whole los animales a
low when these parents come to you are
they just completely desperate to they
just not have any options
I mean what's going through their heads
per se muy duro yo V esto mucho para
girar akkada hang on eNOS de una de los
años de três anos they have not so more
areas as well opposes no facil para la
gente years later he'll soon fancier or
salaburu vida and for those leaving the
journey has only gotten harder in 2014
so many Central American children were
arriving in the US Barack Obama called
it an urgent humanitarian situation now
the countries along the route are under
pressure from the u.s. to stop the flow
of migrants for those trying to make it
north from El Salvador it's now way more
likely that they'd all be stopped in
Mexico before they even gets the US
while us detentions are down by half
compared with last year arrests in
Mexico are up by 70%
in fact under pressure from the United
States Mexico is now detaining more
Central Americans than the u.s. is the
people smuggler says the journey has
been made more chaotic but it can still
be done say I went to poco más de visite
pero como siempre army canola gusta
mucho dinero entonces siempre guna
posited avez cuando UN oveja pagando sin
pres de paz puede ser la gente que save
a Sola algunos Yaga nodosum wearin in
Mexico por que cruzar Mexico to necesita
tener Clovis Puna que te vas Dondo para
que tuvo enter topaz Odyssey Clavis and
so royal huar and FA all know LF a DOS
it's a song Clarice she's here on a
loose immigrant is cuando los para
hacerlo cartelli's in the dicen que tipo
clever yeah but is he know he was Travis
please there's a question would tomahto
do you ever think about living here
estoy pensando lo mejor CEO solo
permitting STI natal birth merit ome
familia por que pues tampoco facil para
nosotros aqui estamos pagando dinero
ACOs panty arrows Tino Pergamos knows
Mata JAMA tera na muchos amigo de
nosotros y ways decir la loss a loss a
cobia no americano special meant a tan
nadie le gustaría Vera's OC home where
toes en Manos de pandyas por eso es que
todo mundo y mira para Estados Unidos
Cana gusta beber si
throughout the interview the coyote
keeps describing himself as one of the
good guys helping desperate people
adding at the rapes murders and
kidnappings and often happen along the
route don't happen to his clients
meanwhile the trip has only gotten more
dangerous this past year we went back to
see Mauricio on another shift outside a
reminder of what is happening out on the
streets a victim of a knife attack walks
in to get treatment for now
Mauricio has no plans to lead the
country even though he has lost hope are
you are you afraid for the future como
vamos a la gente con una llamada look
for mo her cousin Eric hey I can walk on
your face Mauricio was here almost every
day so he takes us to see where he
sleeps between shifts
gol-do Mohan dos and piraeus put on my
MetroCard make on me primo a car you end
up staying here at the whole weekend's
that have gone home say la la que si en
mi parte de estar akha case I'm ok una
zona como para medicine never trailed on
a no delinquency a-- lava-rock mi sento
maserati kami Colonia mi casa en lugar
mission to Mars Mars seguro
there's no sign for the moment that the
government's cracked out on the gangs is
making teenagers like Mauricio feel any
more secure
salmon decay UNIX young general nurdles
you mean Otomo Maharaja merkon Valencia
who travel it isn't luck to me
