what we feel us as French Muslims is
that no matter what we do we feel like
we are second-class citizens and not
fully French France is really about
assimilation you have to raise your
background in order to fit in
so we're in Bataclan the area where the
concert hall and the restaurant were hit
nearly 100 people died in here
the police have cordoned it off no one
can get through there's a crowd that's
gathering and some police cars it's a
really hectic scene so why have you come
here today to be honest first of all I
came to here to show my sympathy with
the French people and all my condolences
one of the goal of these attacks is to
damage the face of Islam really because
I know that the slum is not telling that
but they want to show that no this is
Islam this is the thing that they want
but it's not some is not telling -
killing innocent people and I know as a
Muslim I should condemn and I should say
that Islam is not like that it's not
that I came to show my solidarity with
all of the people of the French people I
know that how do you feel it was just
last month really regime arrest my
parents as well I mean it's going on
everywhere in Syria we see Kia killing
people before sharing paper and now here
in France so you don't have any fear so
to where let's say headscarf in public
spaces no because I think if I'm here
with a scarf and if I'm here right if I
believe in Islam it shows that so Islam
is not
we're on our way to notre-dame Cathedral
where there's a large mass for the
family and friends of the victims me
attack so we're walking through this
security check in order to enter the
noted on video there is a higher
presence of police everywhere now and
Notre Dame memorial is actually guarded
by a series of police need to check your
belongings of course if you're allowed
to enter
the place is packed there are people
from every entrance trying to come in to
be a part of Memorial there's a state of
emergency in France but this is the only
time I've seen yet hundreds of people
come together and gather the police have
secured each entrance and they're making
sure they check everyone's ID the camera
camera they make sure the camera is
actually a working camera because
there's a fear that there might so be
danger Rashid you're Muslim you're young
you're French how do you feel I'm a bit
worried by the future about the backlash
the aftermath of this shootings because
the Muslim community in France we have
to be frank is is is a bit oppressed and
I'm afraid for that the government is
going to be more and more strict and
Muslims are going to be might become the
scapegoat of what were what happened
because France is quite oppressive
towards religion it's a strictly secular
country in in like in about two weeks
we'll have a national day of secularism
where we have to celebrate secularism
and for Muslims we as Muslims we we just
want to live in peace as any other
French people and we feel that we can't
leave our religion freely in France so a
lot of people were thinking of maybe
going somewhere else
and live in another country Muslim so a
lot of practice but to a certain extent
we have a lot of laws targeting Muslims
specifically for example women can get
fined in the street because there are
wearing a veil do you think that this
creates a duty on makes it difficult for
people who are Muslim in this country to
feel French what we feel us as French
Muslims is that no matter what we do we
feel like we are second-class citizens
and not fully French we're all well told
or always taught to integrate and to be
more French there are some debates on
national identity what it means to be
French what what is a good French but at
the end of the day France has it as
opposed to Britain Britain is more
about multiculturalism and France is
really about assimilation you have to
erase your background in order to fit in
we're not really sure what's going on
where there might be a shooting or
several shoes that happen it's unclear
but everyone is being evacuated at this
memorial I am
so I was a precaution yes they don't
attack the lot of people was a
electorate yeah yeah yeah so the cops
who told me the false alarm but they're
treating it like it was a real situation
and they've completely evacuated the
area before going home
besides Henchy on the street is helping
hook have another beer and only feel
safe being in public spaces you're a
medic in the emergency ward who is
caring for some of the victims that came
years ago canary deeply see the junky
tuition par by the band on thorax
non-atomic satellite infinitive
Institute a false analogy do nanofy a
l'hopital's which is one also me in
abdomen is right if you get the volcano
then you gonna do the movie club on
Ramona not all suited hip-hip albums a
vision a vision awesome sir definitely
absolute Papa Papa Sonia
come on talk soon Cristobal Tavia
stuff is about sahaja yog and Masakazu
coolest chemically obscene by which as I
keep silence and by technology
introduces remember the among the clock
you become a philosophical the magical
contribute is now charged yep Yoon SEO
from Malaga
how do you feel as someone who
who's happy to care for victims or
tackle any Muslim Hipparchus possible
disk is a passive mo the panache baskets
in double append Viscomi apprentice
kunitake visa to moon Sunday's tanks on
the last division and religion in the
same pan Park Circle maneuvers Monza
Newsome victim a lava desert attack with
the sequence across from is even more
personal evolution in circulation in
jamala philosophy also personal security
Latakia is jeopardy visible Marvin
I'm on my way to hustle
very close to another attack there is an
imam inside within seeing patients at
the moment there's over 250 people are
still being treated for wounds from the
attack so tell me what is the scene like
inside Delhi dr. Solano personnel
medical Sol ellipse EcoLog Sala tool
Mont fee so de Vaca vector more tool
monde visit le malade day she visited on
cadeau de paseo key key key support oh
hey Bianca
gelareh danke pop take my compassion
Donkey Kong for if young Muslims come
now ask you for guidance what what would
you tell them fo co2 name is Amanda
falls short
Dola who dis o fo loosen avec la la
liberté la katerina te legality a new
Jean de Caen say Lucinda francais AVO
dead mazzimo mili see unconscionable
affirm a Louie nor en de danse a
suburban vocal chain evil continually
open a vocal trio TV box a c lu hall
also Momo
deme su mo the salty believe you don't
don't you think it seems a bit unfair
that there's a pressure now on ordinary
young muslims to come out and say not in
my name or you know I want Liberty do
you think that's kind of unfair because
of course they want liberty of coercing
one you know to be you know fraternity
equality in the rest a cathode and a pox
on don't die mazuma so confirm
oh hey open SIB la république in
Bothell WA Y battle wacko semi Suleman
cassette majority silences key rest doe
long dong short l OC set musubi stay
poor dear Oh fo hace una Marco sabre ma
ma la yaani puga
you neo - la Sol de la salida hit a pug
necessay
