they brought him in on a plane jumpsuit
at the time they didn't have any winter
clothing so it was like minus 50 outside
because this is Kazakhstan in the middle
of the steppe in the winter and the
American soldiers who were handing them
over to the Kazakh authorities didn't
know exactly how they should be treating
them are they still prisoners or are
they free hi I'm Claire ward I produced
life after Guantanamo documentary about
Libby Benelli a former Guantanamo
detainee who was resettled to Kazakhstan
Simon and I went there earlier this year
and reported on his life now that he's
been transferred to a country that isn't
his home we went to Kazakhstan because
we wanted to find out what life is like
after Guantanamo what happens to the
people after they spend sometimes over a
decade in prison and then our sense
sometimes to their home country
sometimes somewhere else in this case
the Tunisian detainee was sent to
Kazakhstan and he was declared by the
United States government to be a free
man and we wanted to find out just how
free he actually was so we had it out
there we didn't warn any of the
authorities that we were coming because
we didn't want them to switch things up
or make things look better than they
actually were and we got a pretty raw
picture of what life was like and we've
been taking questions over the last
couple of days over Twitter and over
Skype and we've got some callers on
skype right now who are gonna ask us
some questions live about what that trip
was like so let's get started yeah
thanks for coming on first person we
have on Skype is Mitchell Williams who's
calling us from sunny New York honey but
it's New York
so hey Mitchell hey you know really
loved the peace thought it was
incredible
you know I just kind of wanted to know
it seemed like from the minute that you
got there to Kazakhstan you were like
running into roadblocks with the police
and the officials and you know you
weren't getting the answers that you
needed from the Red Crescent so I'm just
wondering from a journalists perspective
what are the other big challenges you've
faced when you were in the country that
maybe we didn't see on the in the piece
I feel like we actually put a lot of
what happened into the piece and we
didn't leave anything out I mean except
for the stuff that was repetition and
wasn't really relevant like what you saw
is essentially what happened to us we
did get followed by police or by
somebody it's hard to say we were
followed because you know we went around
a block a couple of times to make sure
that the car behind us was indeed
following us on one occasion I think
that was actually the first night that
we showed up in town and I suppose the
only thing that we didn't put into the
pieces we were a little bit concerned
after we discovered that we were being
followed that our footage might be
confiscated you know we hadn't didn't
have any indication that that was gonna
happen but just the fact that we were
being followed made us think that that
could be a risk and so at one point when
we got super paranoid we started getting
all of our cards or memory cards
together and like stuffing them into our
Underpants ya know I mean it was it was
stressful for me being behind the camera
because you really stand out when you do
that especially in a town like samay
it's kind of a sleepy small city in
eastern Kazakhstan and everything is
appears to be quite orderly and walking
around with Luffy who is quite tall and
commands a certain presence in the
community where he doesn't really fit in
we were definitely a very conspicuous
small crew
apart from being followed I just I faced
the challenge of not speaking Russian so
Simon who was doing the reporting and
interacting with the authorities knew
what dynamics were forming as they were
happening whereas I was kind of in the
dark and so my instinct was just keep
rolling this may be relevant it may not
be they may seize my camera but it was
sort of a call ed to making in the
moment and and sometimes that's footage
you you cut out of a documentary because
it's when you got shut down that's when
you didn't get to do the thing that you
set out to do but in our case it
actually helped illis
how difficult it is to just visit a
former Guantanamo detainee and we wanted
that too to help viewers understand that
this this freedom that he's allegedly
got in Kazakhstan isn't really what we
understand to be freedom there are
actually a lot of limitations on who can
see him and when that we weren't aware
of they wouldn't actually spell out what
those rules were but they made it very
clear that we weren't welcome from the
beginning so yeah so hiding footage I
mean and I you know there were all kinds
of other small roadblocks that put us on
edge like actually getting on to the
airplane crossing the tarmac insame
there's something that we do some you
know we like to film all the connective
tissue where our hosts our
correspondents are traveling in between
locations right so I just had a 5d
camera when it to film the time and just
getting on the on the airplane just
climbing up the stairs and the moment I
pulled out the 5d and you know typically
airports are pretty restrictive about
what kind of photography you can do so I
was taking a risk acting like a tourist
I guess just pulling out my camera to
take a picture of a friend and in the
moment I pulled it up there was an arm
on my my elbow that by a man who was
clearly watching us and observing that I
was trying to do some filming and shut
me down immediately and then Simon
yelled at me and told me to open camera
way well this was at the end of our
shoot when we had basically gotten all
of our footage together and once you
have all of your footage you know that
those that that little heap of cards in
your hands is worth the entire value of
your entire production and I and and
risking losing that for one shot of me
climbing onto a plane I was like what
are you doing it matters like this is
strategic object you cannot film and so
but somehow we didn't get the footage
confiscated we did we do things to
mitigate the risk of having finished
shaking like making copies and
storing them in different places and
stuff like that it was a risk I
shouldn't have taken but you know
sometimes you can get away with getting
those shots those you can't so that was
definitely an environment where it was
maybe a risk I shouldn't have taken
sorry I'm gonna yell that a lot I'm
gonna shoot but you know again like
filming countries we don't speak the
language is something we often do and it
comes with certain risks of just not
understanding but no it's good to have a
cameraman who basically for them the
default is film not don't film because
sometimes you get people who are too shy
and end up missing stuff and don't want
to take any risks and our overcautious
so that's not good either
great my only my other question would be
you know how was that meal that you had
how was the pasta and the salad and
Deliver yeah the nuclear liver how was
that it was actually really really good
Luffy the former detainee lived in Italy
for a while before he moved to Pakistan
which is where he was arrested by the
Pakistani authorities and then handed
over to the American authorities and he
used to help out as he said a friend at
a lien restaurant so he knew the basics
of pasta cooking and the the chicken
actually looked amazing but we didn't
get to eat the chicken because the first
night we arrived at his house he'd baked
us a chicken and then the Red Crescent
and the police showed up and we had to
leave and so I don't know what happened
to that chicken he threw it away one
scene that we didn't include in the
documentary is after we got kicked out
because we didn't have a meal and we'd
just been traveling for 48 hours we went
to a restaurant and we were followed
right so we also thought let's not go to
the hotel right away we went to a
restaurant and Skype Latvia to see how
he was doing because that was clearly a
stressful interaction for him he invited
us to come out and visit him and next
thing he knows the authorities are at
his door he's trying to break fast it
was Ramadan at the
and you know all of the stress was
visited on him and he's already very
sick kind of stressed out person
yeah keep in mind he's got an artificial
heart valve so yeah so any kind of
additional stress is a dangerous form
and so anyway we called him and asked
him how he's doing this got cut but he
said that he was really upset he wasn't
able to sleep he threw out the food he
didn't eat that night which is dangerous
for someone with the health condition
like kids he really needs to keep
himself strong so yeah I know it was sad
and well one thing about the the cooking
and eating together thing that I found
so remarkable is that luffy has very
little money to spend he's he now has a
small allowance that's given to him by
the local Red Crescent but when he
initially got there they didn't have
anything so we had no spending money you
couldn't buy his own food now that he
can you know he spends it on visitors he
splashed out on us I know that that was
a considerable expense for him and I
just think that it says something about
him as a person that he was generous and
invited us in and wanted to cook for us
it's culturally and it was important to
him to actually sit down and have a meal
and not just be in an interview context
and in in context like the Red Crescent
where again it's discussing his
circumstances and not learning about who
he is at the person I think we've
actually got a clip from that first
night at his house when we showed up and
we were about to eat and the authorities
came in we went to meet with he's a free
man but it was clear we were so the
woman doing most of the talking there is
Alfia she's the head or was the head of
the Red Crescent Society in samay in
that town that we were in and she then
after after that called the police and
then they showed up and then we really
had to go but interesting enough we
Claire was talking with look for you on
skype yesterday to get an update on his
life and it turns out that she's
actually been fired as the head of the
local Red Crescent branch probably
because of our film exactly you said
replaced like someone else has a job but
that was the implication yeah but lippy
lippy gave me an update in his life um I
wanted to mention it know if anyone has
that question coming up later but we
brought him paints as a part of the trip
his attorney who was based in New Jersey
had a number of supplies he wanted to
send to look fee because look he has so
little including paint supplies because
he had he had said to us early on that
he he wants to start painting as a hobby
he has very little to do and he showed
me a number of paintings he's done since
something like a dozen still lifes of a
flower arrangement so he's he's finding
an artistic hobby it is in his time
where where he's got very little else to
do
but he hasn't actually received any
additional medical care that that's an
important follow up the film really
centered on the fact that he's got this
heart condition that he's very concerned
about he's also got a number of other
maladies and he has a lot of trouble
explaining it to the hospital the the
people that he interacts with at the
hospital because of the language barrier
and he showed me that his feet were
incredibly swollen right now
circulations not good so in the videos
he like held up his feet to show me and
he says he can barely walk right now so
a little concerned for his health and
safety in his current condition but
we're gonna continue to follow up with
them and
and check in from time to time so thanks
for the question I think we're gonna go
to our next question and by the way if
you're watching you can still send
questions via Twitter and we will answer
them that's right
and we actually got a question via
Twitter you know from this guy named
Nick Charles so let's go ahead and say
thank our let's take a look at this
rather so Simon Claire how was it to
interview someone who allegedly was
tortured in Guantanamo how deeply did
you discuss his experiences of being a
detainee well we went into quite a bit
of detail about his experience being
tortured but we didn't put it into the
film we put some of it into the film but
we didn't go as deeply into it as we
wanted to and we might actually do a
follow-up and recut that interview to
talk more about the torture later on but
the reason we didn't put it on this time
is because we felt that the story was
sort of not about what the whole
Guantanamo experience was like but what
happens to people after they get let go
from Guantanamo and I think a lot of
there's been a lot of reporting on you
know the torture that took place most of
which as far as I understand took place
with detainees before they were
transferred to Guantanamo when they were
held at CIA black sites and look for
actually went into some detail about
that so once I don't want to I don't
want to spoil it so once that does come
out it should be pretty interesting yeah
and and that's for interviewing someone
who has been tortured and is talking
about very traumatic experiences we were
sensitive to that the interview that
master interview with Libya was actually
about five hours long and we we made a
point of doing it in the daytime at a
separate location outside of his
apartment where we could kind of relax
take breaks let him stop to pray he did
that at least once just during that
interview it's not yeah it's not easy to
asking someone to revisit
the most painful experiences in their
lives so I think Simon can speak to what
that's like being across the table from
him but it I think it's a it requires a
certain tact and also a sensitivity to
the fact that you may be asking someone
to relive something that they very much
want to forget right that can't have
been easy yeah no I think I think you
don't answer that one answer day yeah I
think you guys are done answering this
too so let's talk to her next I guess
it's go ahead and say it as Scott who's
calling us from a beautiful Boulder I'd
want to thank you guys for doing this
work now most of the mainstream media
doesn't really cover these kinds of
stories you don't get a 30 minute
interview about what it's like to live
as a post Guantanamo detainee so I I
really love the work you guys been doing
it I've been a fan for years but my
first question a little nasally I'm
under the weather right now so bear with
me
but since Guantanamo detainees are not
given due process we can only guess but
what percentage of Gitmo detainees can
we estimate are seemingly innocent like
lofty well none of the like you said
none of the detainees have had real
trials some of them are having military
trials in Guantanamo itself so it's
basically impossible to make a judgment
about whether a person is guilty or not
and I don't really see it as our job to
try to make that kind of a judgment
because you know the idea of our legal
system is that you give people due
process and to have their day in court
if you accuse them of something and if
you don't then you just don't jail them
and it's not really about what did or
didn't happen because that could be
anybody's guess I think the important
thing to remember though is that as far
back as 2004 and then again in 2006 the
Defense Department produced documents
that stated that they didn't consider
Luffy to be dangerous and that he should
be transferred or released so
for years almost a decade already has
passed now since they made that judgment
and so the real question is if they
thought he wasn't dangerous
and their bureaucracy decided that he
could be released why did they keep him
in present in prison as long as he did
why did as long as they did and why were
the wheels of bureaucracy turning so
slowly for so many detainees at
Guantanamo not just him that's that's
what really beggars belief for me is
that the Defense Department knew that
this guy wasn't useful to them yet they
held him for so long yeah there I there
was a recent opportunity for Obama to
veto a bill that would have all of the
Gitmo detainees transferred the United
States which I assume would also entail
that they would get a trial but that
that what didn't happen I think it
passed the Senate like 94 to 6 or
something
my other question was why does he think
that this happened to him that's a good
question I look he doesn't have any idea
why this happened to I mean we know why
they picked him up in early a RB that's
the administrative review board at JTF
Gitmo that does sort of detainee
assessments periodically to kind of go
over why they were brought in and to see
if there's any change and and and what
is known about the detainees involvement
with al Qaeda or what have you they they
had said that he was known to have
stayed in a in an al Qaeda affiliated
guesthouse in Afghanistan so keep in
mind that Lippe lived in Italy for quite
some time and then in 1998 moved to
Pakistan and then moved in between
Pakistan and Afghanistan we don't know
exactly what dates and when but we know
that he left Italy had spent a good
chunk of his life there and speaks
Italian was very much kind of living in
a telling cult
for a time but living in Pakistan
visiting Afghanistan the US authorities
said that he was known to have state and
guesthouses which had also at some time
house al-qaida they also said that he
was involved in the Tunisian combat
group which was based in Milan at a
mosque called the Islamic Cultural
Institute which was shut down in 2002 I
believe he denies all of this he says
you know socially he interacted with
people who may or may not have been
affiliated with radical Islamist
networks he didn't know and that's the
answer he gives us in in the piece and
any repeat that he says culturally these
are tight-knit communities you may be
interacting socially with people you
don't know what they're up to otherwise
and that's the benefit of the doubt that
he wasn't given so that that sheer
association with people who were known
to be criminals did give kind of an
answer about why he thought he was
picked up well he was saying that there
was a campaign against Arabs going on in
Pakistan right after 9/11 and basically
there were a lot of Arabs in Pakistan
and the Pakistani authorities decided
that they were suspicious following the
events of 9/11 and they started
arresting dozens and dozens of people
and some of those guys were
then transferred to the American
authorities based on you know
interrogations that may have been
extracted or sorry
you know interviews that may have been
extracted under torture and so it's
quite possible that what happened was
that he got picked up but this is what
he says actually is that because he was
an Arab he was picked up and then
somebody informed on him and he was
handed over to the Americans and you
know by that time everything they had on
him was already second hand through the
Pakistani authorities so I hope that
answers your questions you got anything
else for us yeah that's it
cool all right well let's see what else
we got what do you have for us Michael
I got a bunch of stuff for you seven
let's go ahead and say hey to Bianca
who's calling us on skype so Bianca you
there - hi Claire how are you guys hey
Bianca I'm just shocked Alma has
recently been released from Guantanamo
and has been flown back to England and I
wanted to know whether he will have to
deal with any of the restrictions faced
by those who have been sent to kuzzik
Scott Kazakhstan and what life will be
like for him in England so we're we're
not reporting specifically on chakras so
I can't say with any definitive
authority that I know what his life is
going to be like I know he was
repatriated to his home country which
was the case for many detainees not like
lathy who was sent somewhere else
I think reintegration is going to be a
lot easier for shocker
compared with blip view situation he's
chakra soon with his family he's able to
be in a place that is very familiar
where he speaks the language where he
probably still has ties that will will
make you know I mean he's been held
since 2002 so it's not gonna be easy for
any of these people but what interested
us about Luffy is that he was one of a
minority of detainees and most due to
needs were a repatriate repatriated to
their home countries but but some were
sent to these countries that they had
absolutely no connection to and we
didn't understand
and why and there's very little
information out there that explains why
certain countries have agreed to take on
former Guantanamo detainees those
arrangements are made at a very high
level delegations come in visit akwonton
omo high-level discussions are had and
then next thing you know December 31st
2014 five detainees are sent on a
military plane halfway across halfway
around the world and they're released
into the hands of the authorities of a
country which they've never been to
before I mean it was it was a bizarre
sort of circumstance and hearing let me
talk about it was actually really
fascinating something we also didn't
include in the film I don't know if you
want to describe what what hue oh yeah I
know I read through some of the
transcripts that were made of pre
interviews that Clare had done and
basically if I'm right right they
brought him in on a plane jumpsuit at
the time they didn't have any winter
clothing so it was like minus 50 outside
because this is Kazakhstan in the middle
of the steppe in the winter yeah and the
American soldiers who were handing them
over to the Kazakh authorities didn't
know exactly how they should be treating
them are they still prisoners or are
they free they want their handcuffs back
so they're they have a discussion about
do we replace the handcuffs with plastic
zip ties and then give them with their
hands tied to the authorities because
the moment of transfer is like a
confusing moment of like what's
happening with these people and in the
end they decide not to go with the zip
ties and just to give them hands on
bound to the Kazakh soldiers over there
who then give them a winter coat hurry
who then give them a winter coat and
drive them off to their new wonderful
life and northeastern Kazakhstan right
so you can't say for sure what makes
those detainees any different to shock
or armored you can't well I I mean I
think that I'm sure that there's going
to be some level of surveillance of him
in the UK most likely but it might be
more subtle than
what look fee is experiencing in
Kazakhstan where really they're not even
trying to hide the fact that they're
following him and they have the keys to
his apartment and they walk into the
apartment to check up on him pretty much
without knocking whenever they feel like
it
I don't think that sort of thing can
happen in the UK but you know I could be
wrong yeah and there's also much more
active press in the UK that's going to
be looking into Shockers experience
right the thing about yeah detainees
sent to places like Eastern Kazakhstan
is it takes a mighty budget and a lot of
willpower to get out there and to get
through the you know the authorities and
those hurdles to actually visit and
assess what the circumstances are like
so one a main thing that concerns me is
that there are no reports coming out of
Kazakhstan present his situation at all
and and I haven't seen any follow-up
reporting insame at all about Lipsy
situation we got to understand that
Kazakhstan is militantly secular
dictatorship essentially and there's a
very very limited freedom of speech and
the press essentially publishes things
that are the government is going to be
okay with so there's very little
criticism of the way things get handled
but especially you know what they
perceive to be a national security and
issue as well Kazakhstan is incredibly
concerned and paranoid about the fact
that there is going that it's going to
have its own Islamist uprising of some
kind some Cossacks have been seen in
Isis videos in Syria and the Kazakh
authorities who are secular you know
come from this sort of tradition of the
Soviet Union are terrified of that
happening in Kazakhstan so they're
trying to keep his title lid on it as
possible and you know these people who
were in Guantanamo whether they were
innocent or guilty doesn't matter just
by dint of having been in Guantanamo
they're branded reputationally as being
terrorists so that's what people think
of them yeah speaking of which we have
the clip of the Red Crescent of the Red
Crescent meeting that we attended where
the director of the Red Crescent at the
time talks about loop fees circumstances
and you can kind of get a sense from
what she's saying with the cultural
attitudes towards loop you might be in
the place he's been resettled so Michael
why don't we take a look at that
Jim Austerlitz around you know you go
through stuff
and the other thing that you didn't see
there that that woman said was you know
that she should shave his beard off her
he should dress more appropriately
because the way he looks you know it's
very scary for local people and that he
doesn't listen to any of her advice and
that's why he has all of the problems
adjusting that he does they come from a
very very different culture that the two
men in samay we met another ex detainee
as well and you know that the the
challenges for them are so great that
they actually literally told us that
they preferred well one of them Sabri
told us that he might prefer even going
back to Guantanamo sounds we've got that
clip as well
so I don't know you know there might be
a bit of hyperbole and what he was
saying there but you know the message is
pretty clear is that they're having a
really really hard time in Kazakhstan
and they've got very little support and
because they don't have any community
around them that can help them get
integrated they feel isolated like
they're in prison and I think that's
what he's saying is like being in
Kazakhstan in a place where you don't
know anybody and sitting in your
apartment all day where people walk in
with keys and check up on you and follow
you around it's kind of the same as
being in Guantanamo to some extent
that's the message so I think we've got
two more callers and a slew of questions
on Twitter so hopefully we've answered
your question and we can answer some
more thanks guys thank thank you yeah
thanks Bianca and Simon we do have a
slew of questions coming in on Twitter I
want to take a look at this one that
Aidan Barry I sent us a lot of people
have actually asked us this question and
I know this is speculative but what
would happen if the former to date had
detainees attempted to leave Kazakhstan
I mean is that something that's even
feasible or could you talk to us a
little bit more about where something is
it's absolutely not feasible in any
legal sense at the moment Lippe and the
other detainees don't have papers they
don't have identification documents and
they're considered they're not even
considered they're not know they're
considered asylum seekers I think in
whatever accept asylum seekers under the
normal circumstances have a piece of
paper that says they're an asylum seeker
and they haven't even been given that so
what they're officially termed as
according to Red Crescent is recipients
of the program which is you know not
really a legal status at all so if he
attempted to leave I mean I would be
very worried for him because I think
with the amount of surveillance he's
under and the amount of scrutiny you it
wouldn't go well and he certainly is
aware of that every time I speak with
him he is saying how badly he just wants
to have any kind of document that states
his status so that he
can visit one of the other detainees who
lives in a different town he's not he
has absolutely no freedom of movement is
the answer all right well I hope that
answers your question guys so there's
one more tweet I want you to take a look
at but don't answer it quite yet Haley
wants to know how did you even find a
source like loopy and before you answer
that let's have our last Skype caller
come up and this is Gallup who anybody
who watched the piece might recognize so
let's say to gallop
any gallop gallop how are you so let me
introduce gallop gallop is a legal
assistant a legal aide to mark Denbo who
is look fees lawyer and he came out with
us to Kazakhstan and help with
translation and also was out there to
try to find out what LIF look for his
condition was like himself so that he
could report back to look for his lawyer
and Golub has a question for us yeah
thank you for having me on and miss you
guys I think my my question is you know
when we initially I get sat down to
introduce you to looks he was and then
we actually went over and met him was he
the same person that you envisioned you
you have a a picture of what like when
Tom noticed and he might be like and
what's he that same person when you left
spoken like a true human rights wire 11
I love that question because you're
right I mean and this is something that
we we wanted to do in the film itself we
wanted to we wanted to defy people's own
expectations of what kind of person of
one ton of a detainee would be and we
did that in how we structured the film
so the first scene is Simon sitting down
with you and Mark Denbo the attorney
represents lips even Ellie and we speak
to him over Skype from your living room
and it's you know sort of bad video
quality we're speaking in this kind of
broken telephone manner where you're
translating for us and
we're all trying to get to know each
other but it's a bit awkward and he's
obviously in this entirely different
context and is wondering what these
journalists want and and maybe a little
suspicious of what we're up to because
he's just seeing us on this tiny screen
with very poor internet quality so what
we wanted to do was kind of take back
because that might be what you'd expect
you know that that's the the extent to
which you can interact with people who
are so far removed from us here in the
United States and who are who have been
cast under so much kind of suspicion by
the US government and what we wanted to
do was take that that kind of
predictable portrayal of a detainee and
then completely change your mind about
him by going visiting him seeing what
he's like as a person I'm actually I'm
reading just mercy right now which is a
book I recommend it's by Brian Stevenson
and it's all about a mitigation
narrative and people who have been
accused of and convicted of crimes right
and part of what he talks about is
humanizing people who've been accused of
things so that they can get a fair
treatment in court and also by the
public and I think that's kind of what
we were trying to do we were creating a
mitigation narrative for I looked even
Elli who has otherwise been cast away by
the United States government and it's
expected to rebuild his life after
twelve years of detention without trial
in the place that is hostile to him so
so it he definitely changed my mind by
being very cordial generous forthcoming
and and maybe you can say what your
experience was well no I've actually got
a question for you garlic because you
worked with mark Denbo and you were part
of the reason that he ended up in
Kazakhstan did you expect what did you
expect from that country for him was it
you know what you had hoped it would be
when you were fighting to get him out of
Guantanamo so that he could be anywhere
at least and not behind bars
in the discussions that wasn't pretty
discussions of actually getting him
signed up to go to Kazakhstan but from
what I recall it was just a preliminary
thing if Kazakhstan was brought up on
the table
I know Tunisian you know his home
country was also brought up but the and
Tunisia was willing to take him in so he
was you know using government
post-revolution was willing to take him
in everything was good but then the US
government refused to Tennessee Tunisia
so you know it wasn't then Italy was
another choice of course and he wants to
go to Italy so Kazakhstan was definitely
not the top choice and there were other
options but other options just either
fizzled out due to the US government's
and IO or fizzled out because of you
know for example in Italy there is some
pressure problem he you are not
accepting any detainees or more refugees
so when Kazakhstan came up on the table
I think the intention was okay it's a
Muslim country everyone there is gonna
be Muslim he's gonna flow in there's
gonna be mosques
you know it's everyone will be fasting
and you know you can just go with the
flow
there's likely gonna be a bunch of
people who are you know speak Arabic due
to you you know the religion and you
know it's similar probably you go to
Pakistan they're not Arab but they have
a lot of Arab speakers because of their
religious eyes and Kazakhstan was
totally never expected especially
seeming you know we're expected for
example like a main city or a major city
where just one bit you know where he was
thrown yeah you had mentioned something
when we were waiting for elfia in the
Red Crescent to meet with us on that
second day you would mention that the
the state of the facilities there
surprised do do you want to explain what
we were talking about I you you you said
you worked in a lot of impoverished
developing countries there you've been
to a lot of places where you've seen
health care facilities for example in
much better state than what we saw there
yeah yeah so it's that yeah so for
example when we went into the Red
Crescent
there's a scene there where
that was in the video of showing a
little bit of the Red Crescent how it
looked like it's very very for very you
know it seemed like but that's that's
how it seemed was the norm there it
seemed like it was kind of like a
backwards or you know very you know not
up-and-coming they're not you know up to
date with I guess what we would call you
know the 21st century in any sense of
the world
we've actually got actually got a clip
from the ICRC it doesn't completely
totally refer to what you're talking
about in terms of the medical treatment
facilities but it is the office of the
ICRC and it gives you a sort of sense of
what the area is like we were talking
again to Alfia the head of the Red
Crescent in some way let's have a look
at it we contacted the ICRC who told us
that detainees like look feet are not
actually under their care they said
these individuals are not under our care
and we would suggest also not under the
care of the kazakh Red Crescent Society
in the sense of having responsibility
for their status however we are
attentive to their situation and wish
for them to be well adapted in their new
countries so if the Red Crescent is
strictly offering humanitarian aid to
detainees and why all the rules and
whose rules are they do you have the
documents that explains what your tasks
are and what your responsibilities are
a subsequent request to see the details
of the resettlement agreement between
the u.s. and Kazakhstan were denied so
the International Committee for the Red
Cross Red Crescent is an organization
based in Switzerland and the Red
Crescent in Kazakhstan is a completely
independent organization that's
associated with that global body and
they run their own things their own way
and you know we had the ICRC telling us
that neither they or the Red Crescent
was responsible for these people's
well-being and care but that simply
wasn't true from our experience of
having been there and you saw that
office with the wood paneling and I'll
fear there you know basically not
telling us but more importantly not
telling look fee what rights he had and
what rules they were supposed to abide
by which which kind of explains why
lippy and Sabri the other detainee we
visited refer to a Kazakh status their
Guantanamo - you know what they're
saying is that they're still it's worse
than prison because least in prison the
rules are clear and you're being told
where to go and what to do I mean
there's at least some consistency
they've got absolutely no sense of where
the limitations are and what rights and
freedoms they do have and that just
totally contradicts the very early
statement by a high-level US official
when they were initially released that
these men for all intents and purposes
are free and that that's what I found
the most disturbing for these former
detainees is that they just they're in
this solitude where they don't speak the
language and they have no sense of the
timeline of when things will ever change
for them so Michael do we have time for
the clip which sort of really is
illustrates how unclear it is whether
they're free or not when we were trying
to get look for you to come with us to
go to the market
yes I'm when we got time for anything
you want let's take a look at this clip
look he might not be in leg shackles but
maybe more of an invisible leash despite
alpheios assurances we didn't get very
far when we tried to leave with him
so then you can you free gyro talkest of
the community and ask us our stone is
for baldness and you mr. Kinnaird many
fear to come down like an emo good deal
sir Stoney heart but at will at the
price which I love the comments here
spear movies iam reality to Otsu we
avoid nasty or teach to only emotion
bring you my titania so much dieting on
let's go doesn't my shooting Claire
thank you thank you time that was some
good arguing with authorities what I
like about this piece was that we
essentially took a claim that these
detainees are free and we crash tested
tested it we went there to actually see
if that claim was true it was a really
simple premise and it allowed us to get
a pretty frank and clear assessment of
what these circumstances are so for me
this documentary was it was a very
interesting experiment and in testing
just exactly you know what it means when
we say in these vague terms that people
have status which they don't in fact
actually have so thank you guys all for
coming onto the show thank you god thank
you the rest of you for sending Twitter
questions to us and we will see you or
you will in fact see other vice news
correspondents talking about other
programs that they've made next week on
the line
I brought Gaul about to this area
outside of samay to show him what kind
of a country his client has landed in
this is the part of Kazakhstan where the
Soviet Union like to test its nuclear
weapons over 450 of them were detonated
here a hundred above ground so radiation
levels in this area are well above the
norm which is why this town is
completely abandoned Hey look there's a
gas mask but traditionally Kazakhstan
has always been a place of exile the
Soviet Union sent its unwanted people to
live out the rest of their lives here
and now the United States is doing the
same thing to its unwanted former
Guantanamo detainees
