people want to get high people are
always looking for a way to use drugs
recreationally or not I think the
perception is if it's sold that openly
it's it's got to be safe for me and
that's completely false hi my name is
Neelu Tabrizi welcome to on the line
today we're gonna be talking about
synthetic weed known on the street as k2
and spice so I have a leak on tea with
me today she's a staff writer for
vice.com and she's been writing about k2
since July that music sup yeah thank you
both for coming on the show today so we
got a bunch of people on the internet
who are excited to talk to you and we
got a couple in Skype so let's get
started with our first Skype caller this
is Brady who's calling us from
Washington DC let's say to Brady
hey Brady hey what's up fascinating
article I have a question if you would
please try your best to make sense of
this confusing drug world for me so I
don't know a whole lot about these
synthetic drugs what I do know is that
earlier this year a teenager took a
whole bunch of spice was all kinds of
messed up and he went up to the roof of
a parking garage and jumped off to his
death so I'm wondering what does this
drug have in it that makes it associate
with marijuana why is this a synthetic
marijuana is it does it have something
that emulates THC or something because
as far as I know when you smoke
marijuana you don't just jump off of
roofs so so I'm just wondering how's
that connection make sense yeah you're
right I mean generally people don't jump
off roofs when they smoke marijuana
so before we answer a question I'm gonna
throw two clip number four please
Michael and it's just gonna talk to you
about the composition and what's
actually in synthetic weed the ban can
abide in weed is THC synthetic cannabis
like spice mimics the effects of weed by
replicating and slightly altering the
chemical that gets people high legal
high manufacturers design cannaboids
and constantly update the composition of
their products so that they remain
within the law but these experiments can
leave the user smoking a legal version
of weed that can be a hundred times
stronger so yeah I mean the biggest
danger is that we don't necessarily know
what's in every compound it's a mixed
bag each batch of k2 and spice is
different but Ali do you want to maybe
go into a little bit more depth about
the composition and what this actually
means sure I guess the slightly more
technical answer is that what we call
synthetic marijuana it activates the
same part of the brain it's called the
cb1 receptor as THC does which as you
may know is the active part of marijuana
gets you high but it's what's called a
full agonist as opposed to a partial
agonist which is what THC is so that
means that it's much more powerful and
efficient and acting or reacting with
that receptor so it creates like a way
way stronger reaction than THC and
because these are research chemicals
that are being kind of put into a spray
bottle and then sprayed on to green
leafy substances and sold in stores the
potency varies wildly so it's just
somebody with a spray bottle doing it so
it's not like the amount isn't regulated
in any way so that's why you can have
like a very weak batch or like a crazy
hotspot and that's why the reaction for
those strong doses can be so insane I
suppose just smoking weed can I have a
follow-up question yeah of course so so
that makes me think so if marijuana was
100 percent recreational use legal on a
federal level do you think synthetic
drugs like this would essentially that
evaporate off the streets would there be
any need for these anymore I'm gonna go
with no and I think one of the biggest
reasons and ala can go into more depth
on this but I think one of the biggest
things is that it's so cheap I mean in
New York a joint of k2 is $1 a joint is
5 to 10 like even in illegal markets
it's 5 to 10 as it was in Colorado so I
think price is a huge huge factor that
might keep synthetics here
even if we completely legalize marijuana
yeah that's right and I think you will
see a decrease in some areas there a lot
of people use k2 and spice that are on
probation that's a way to kind of avoid
getting positive results on a drug test
so I think you would definitely see
fewer people using it overall but I
think the homeless population would
still find it very appealing no thank
you
all right well hey Brady thanks for
coming on man I hope we answered your
questions as best we could
but anyway get people a bunch of people
tweeting us things that I want you to
take a look at Neely whoa Nelly
so egg man wants to know well he said I
know I know
yeah KP used to be legal in a lot of
states is it illegal now or is it still
legal was K to a government SIOP to make
people scared of weed legalization so
what's the answer was still illegal and
was the government's I up I mean well
firstly as a noob I don't necessarily
know what a government SIOP is all this
oh I'll lowball that to Ali but I mean
right now it exists in this weird legal
gray area where certain chemicals are
banned but because you know chemists
changed the compound so much that you
can have a new compound that's being
sold in a store that's not on the banned
list so they kind of exists in this
weird gray area first of all is Eggman
okay the second part of that question
but what I think the answer is is that
no because if this is supposed to be
something that's getting people afraid
of impending marijuana legalization it's
probably feeling pretty hard because if
anything this is just a lesson and what
happens when you have prohibition on a
drug you know alternatives come up that
end up putting you in the hospital
basically it's my take on it all right
cool so Eggman I hope we got a good
answer for you there and good looking
man
good luck so and normally this is where
I would pull up another Skype kiss but
we're having a little bit of technical
difficulties with them so
let's look at another thing we got from
Twitter this time from Ronaldo and all
this question it might seem kind of
simple but why would anyone smoke k2o
Ronaldo there are many many reasons why
someone would smoke k2
it's really easy to get there sold it
it's sold at most corner stores gas
stations and you you know I think the
perception is if it's sold that openly
it's it's got to be safe for me and
that's completely false
another reason again like we talked
about before it's super cheap and Ali
talked a little bit about this before as
well is it doesn't show up on drug tests
if you are on probation is there
anything I missed Ali I don't think so I
mean the most recent study about whether
young people were using this came out in
2012 and it said like 11 percent of high
school seniors had tried it I think that
that number would be much lower now with
all the media reports of the things that
could happen to you I think that
primarily going forward it's going to be
affecting the homeless population and
other populations will stop using it
yeah and people want to get high people
are always looking for a way to use
drugs recreationally or not and this is
just another another thing that's out
there so people are gonna want to try it
mmm well I hope you got that good for
you and although let's take a look at
another tweet actually this one's from
uncle Chan and wish you could join us
live today but unfortunately our friend
uncle Chan's in school anyway uncle Chan
wants to know if the usage of k2 is more
of a regional issue or if it's more tied
to social class or gender in the u.s.
specifically that's a really good
question I mean in when we filmed the
story in in New York in Brooklyn we saw
that it really was disproportionately
affecting the homeless population in New
York and again that goes back to the
fact that it's so so cheap and easy to
get and butBut you are seeing reports of
high school students using it and dying
I mean there was a report last year of a
student from Missouri who mixed k2 with
codeine and alcohol and he had a fatal
OD and you do see that but it's
interesting I mean it is really
impacting the homeless population here
in New York but for some reason the only
way that people start caring is when
high school kids and younger kids start
dying from it
yeah I think that's right Neelu
I think it's primarily a socio-economic
issue it was absolutely ravaging the
homeless population here in Brooklyn
that's you know primarily result of lack
of social services and other things so I
think he looked totally hit the nail on
the head with that cool all right so you
know without any further ado let's go
ahead and say hey there next Skype guess
this isn't the coal hi guys how are you
good hey you know I'm more interested in
the transit and trafficking of k2
I was wondering because I'm in certain
America and we're used to having a being
a transit zone and we're used to having
grown drugs different than - Synthetica
groans drugs pushed from south america
to the states in the case of k2 what
have you seen that is the transit and
trafficking of the drug right so I
personally haven't heard of a lot I
haven't necessarily heard of it being in
the Latin American market it could be
there but that's not something I've I've
researched but the way that it makes
itself its way to North America is that
these drugs are made in synthetic labs
in China and India definitely more
predominantly in China they're sold
online as research chemicals and that's
how they kind of make their way here
yeah that's generally the trafficking
group following up yeah no go ahead in
comm say okay probably up on that since
it's a very cheap drug could you
perceive that it's like right now the
media attention has drawn back some of
the users but could you perceive that in
countries with a lot less money like
Central America and North America and
even Mexico the person might move from
the US down the border um I'm not too
sure you know I mean I'm not yeah I'm
not sure if it's necessarily gonna
become like a huge thing in Mexico in
Latin America I don't really want to be
a part of necessarily like media
fear-mongering about drug use at all so
yeah I can't really answer that but I
can say that at times media coverage of
drugs only helps to kind of create this
aura around drugs that people actually
end up using it more so sometimes media
reports deters people but sometimes it
has an adverse
so people starting to hear about these
drugs and trying them but please don't
do k2 it is terrible I mean yeah I think
as long as these factories and egi keep
pumping it out and people want to keep
getting highs it's gonna be a problem
it's hard to see it going away although
I do want to note that in New Zealand
it's kind of the model for like how we
should be dealing with this problem in
2013 they kind of realized people are
gonna want to get high so we should try
to regulate this so they made people
that want to produce this stuff get
expensive licenses through the health
department and they kind of saw I think
it was like the number of outlets
selling it reduced by ninety five
percent so that's how they're doing it
within that country I think that should
be a model for how we deal with it
elsewhere in the world but let's go to
clip sorry no I mean I think that we
yeah we should take a look at this clip
where we see in a k2 OD in New York and
you can see what it looks like in an
unregulated market you got it
what you smoke tonight three bags of
what did you smoke a to tonight yeah so
what's going on how you feeling right
now
open your eyes do you know where you are
right now
that's my typical k2 patient they
usually go in and out when I get went in
there he's he's not making any sense he
was responding to my voice but not
responding to my questions we're seeing
that the k2 patients their blood
pressures are dropping and that's what's
causing them to crash it's getting bad
because it's consistently happened now
it's not even a break in the day like
they're doing it all the time now
so I just wanted to kind of give a
little bit of backstory and context of
the clip we just saw so we went out with
a volunteer paramedics team in Queens
and they respond to the psychiatric ward
where they say they get up to five calls
a night from people smoking k2 and you
know just before we actually got the
call to respond to this OD we were
interviewing the pair of the EMT person
and while we were interviewing her the
same guys in the ambulance is just kind
of walking in the background and every
time we say k2 this guys giggling were
like oh there's this guy smoking k2 he's
smoking something what's going on and
then like an hour later we get a call to
respond to his OD so it's kind of
strange to see those two linked and I
just want to throw to one more clip to a
piece that Vice UK did about spice and
its population in the UK I use it myself
and I use it because it takes the pain
away you know it's legal what can I do
we can sit here now there could be 20
offices around we were guns and
everything as long as I pull up by the
spice out and start rolling it I can go
there nothing that anybody can do all
about a weed out and the lobby on me
like a carb on it how mad people go
about trying to get hold of it once you
can't go into a shop and bowheads just
go
gonna be some next-level sovereignty
Street dealers out there are you worried
though that it might start criminalizing
people yes yes I've seen some but you've
got a look at this drug it's bringing
heroin addicts
I know heroin addict if it's a spice
that now that takes spikes like he used
to take heroin every single day the week
ahead we know that heroin a class A drug
is and the spice is bringin him off that
what he's in this stuff it's amazing so
yeah it was a really well-done piece by
vice UK and just showed how much k2 and
spice is impacting the homeless
population there as well so yeah it's
terrible never do it ever just one eye
no question if I can yeah
because so many of the people affected
by K to a homeless do you have an eye
and like an accurate number how many
people are dying from this drug like not
only like these cases that get a lot of
media attention but just like regular
people Jojo and John those yeah I
actually don't have a firm number on
fatal Odie's Ali did that come up at all
in your reporting well the thing is it's
really hard to figure that out because
the fact is that the actual chemical
composition of the drug shifts all the
time so that makes it really difficult
to figure out in a toxicology report you
know what somebody was on and tested for
it specifically so that's a really
really difficult number to come up with
and I don't think anyone's actually come
up with that number yeah yeah and I was
speaking to an emergency an ER doctor in
New York at a at a hospital in Brooklyn
and he was saying that it's so difficult
to treat people when they when they come
in for for overdoses because they have
no idea what was in it so they say it's
always touch-and-go like should we give
this person an anti-psychotic do we give
something just to calm down their heart
rate and so every time they treat a k2
patient it's different because every
batch is different and it's just
completely overwhelming the emergency
services in New York particularly okay
girls thank you so much for the
information thank you thanks for coming
on yeah Nicole thank you so much for
skyping in so
couple more tweets for you guys would
actually these I want you to address
because they're pretty similar so what
he wants to know should legalization
include synthetic weed and would
regulation make it better it being
synthetic weed or should people just
pursue good old marijuana and our friend
others at many plants wants to know can
the Dae a intervene can the these legal
research chemicals be labeled as
trafficking so two things should we be
labeling these chemicals illegally
should the DEA be doing that and should
legalization include synthetic marijuana
I mean I'm gonna sound pretty hippie
dippie but I think that legalization
should include synthetic marijuana I
think that every drug should be should
be regulated so that we know exactly
what's in it and I think that when we
look at New Zealand and how they've set
the model for their regulation of
synthetic drugs it just shows that
that's that's where we should go you're
not you can't really stop people from
wanting to get high but you can make it
safer for them if they choose to yeah I
agree with that and I feel like the only
two routes that you can take I mean
we've seen that it doesn't work to just
ban the chemicals you can someone tweaks
them and maybe they'll even be worse the
second time and start causing people to
have all these horrible health problems
so I think the only two possible things
you can do are to legalize and regulate
them or to try to educate people but in
the case of these these synthetic drugs
oftentimes they affect people who might
be impervious to this kind of just say
no rhetoric and people that have
pre-existing mental health problems or
substance abuse issues that don't really
care that it's going to have such a bad
effect on their health so I feel like
the only way that you can really combat
it is by making it as see if that's
possible for people who won't use it and
yeah I don't think that the DEA would be
able to really do much because it's it's
sold online as a research chemical and
when it's being sold that way it is it
is legal for for what it is it's just
solely illegal when people actually take
it and use it for human consumption so I
don't think that the DEA would be doing
anything productive by you know calling
that trafficking I think it would just
lead to a whole new
like epidemic of drug war issues that
we're currently seeing happening right
now
cool well I hope we answered your
question what he's what do you and
others nealy rally that's the end of the
show so Allie any last thoughts anything
you want to send the people at home away
with I don't you pay - it's not at 420
blaze it I don't I don't have any last
words well you know that's a little
expert see if you can tap that I don't
think I can I guess all I can say is
educate yourself and never do synthetic
drugs ever but thank you for watching
and if you guys have any more questions
you can hit us up at vice news and don't
do k2
what's up guys how's it going in this
community the majority of the k2
patients are unfortunately coming from
psychiatric patients I know a lot of
people are trying to help them to
understand that what they're doing is
dangerous for them some of them are
getting really hurt from me I've never
seen so many people lose one drug a drug
which is also attracting new users u.s.
drug officials warn increasing numbers
of high-school students admit to using
k2 as for those already using it it's so
cheap and so easy to buy they keep on
coming back for more
