so Sabrina you filed all these Freedom
of Information Act lawsuits against the
CIA against DoD what kind of information
were you hoping to get what did you hope
to achieve well a couple of things one
I've said that I know these documents
exist so that gives a little bit of the
story quite realistically and
realistically I wasn't expecting much
other than the globe our defense but I
was pleasantly surprised in this
particular document to see because
here's the proof even like an read these
blank pages of how high up this case
went all the way to 2030 there are
emails and here right up to that time so
you know pieces of the story come
together I guess when you do file a
Freedom of Information Act what's clever
glomar is when you can neither confirm
nor deny so the government neither
confirms not nor denies that this
rendition took place what other
documents do you think are out there
that would be telling for your case
you're helpful what's interesting here
is not just events leading up to the
rendition but more importantly as of
becoming the more I think about it more
importantly is the aftermath the process
by which the government goes full you
know uses the entire might to make sure
that nothing is ever released so what
they gave you here is not much are there
other things that exist out there that
you know yes there are lots that exists
others some I know about because I've
seen them myself right which is why I'm
using FOIA to try and get that
information as opposed to just leaking
it to the press or token to the press
about it and that's again when I filed
the FOIA request everything that I've
asked for um I know exists through
either conversations emails are their
internal CIA documents that say like
Sabrina de Sousa was only part of the
initial planning stage and then the
rendition team came in and she wasn't
involved does it is not really
I mean oh that actually does it does I
just remembered so Hayden so Jose
Rodriguez who was the chief of the
National clandestine service he are the
IG John helgerson the inspector general
of the CIA wanted to investigate the
Milan rendition as soon as it broken to
the press right and what transpired etc
Jose Rodriguez the head of the national
clandestine service said no we will
investigate things ourselves and he
asked general Hayden to appoint his own
person to do an accountability Review so
they established this accountability
Review Board and then that was completed
I call they invited whoever wanted to
see this document to come up see the
document so I said oh I'll go to go up
to take a look at this document and I
was told no you can't see the document
because you were not involved
you
