how far you willing to go to clear your
name oh I'll go as far as I mean I've
gotten to this point are you willing to
go to jail of course but the thing is
anyone who joins me at this point is
only gonna be complicit in this cover-up
I mean that's the way to get rid of me
right in 2003 most of the al-qaeda
action was in Iraq or Afghanistan
but surprisingly according to
intelligence officials Italy and
specifically Milan had become a hotbed
of Islamic extremists in the late 90s
Italy granted asylum to a significant
number of immigrants fleeing persecution
from their home countries among them
were a small number of Islamic
extremists who became known as the
Milanese Network individuals suspected
of financing international terrorism one
of the most high-profile of these
extremists was Hassan Mustafa Osama
Nasser
also known as Abu Omar an Egyptian who
was tied to a Sunni Islamic group
designated as a terrorist organization
by Egypt the mosque behind me is where
Abu Omar spent the majority of his time
he was effectively the head Imam or
religious scholar here and it was here
just after 9/11 that he was giving fiery
incendiary speeches that put him in the
crosshairs of both the Italian and the
American intelligence agencies On
February 17 2003 Abu Omar disappeared
off the street and more sobbing Omar is
walking down this very street on his way
to the mosque for noon prayers he's
stopped by an Italian police officer
who's also a CIA informant and during
this time Abu Omar fails to notice that
there's a white van parked directly
behind him
door to the van slides open two hands
reach out grab him rip him into the
vehicle door slams shut and he
disappears adiga mente subito Fuki okay
questa persona on IRA's compossible
Ontario men Tamara status a quest rod
hermanos potaro is a veteran terrorism
prosecutor in Turin who spent years
investigating and prosecuting Italian
mafia figures and leftist terrorists
before probing Abu Omar disappearance
yo Pandey testimony k descri Cyril fat
okay a bomb arias tato praise o ms o un
fuel gonna Linda Jeannie dope Oh Pookie
Missy
Cindy return over solo Chia through
extensive use of cell phone mapping and
a hotel and credit card receipts Swift
ro was able to determine that agents
from the Central Intelligence Agency
were responsible for the extraordinary
rendition of Abu Omar inside the CIA
this operation was known as the Italian
jump what the CIA did was bold they
snatched a guy off the streets of Italy
in broad daylight
but they were also sloppy and they left
behind a trail of breadcrumbs with hard
evidence of CIA involvement potaro did
something completely unprecedented in
the global war on terror he saw
indictments and won convictions against
23 Americans it stands as the only
successful prosecution against the CIA
in connection with the agency's
controversial rendition detention and
interrogation program 22 former CIA
operatives and one US Air Force colonel
wolf are now convicted
felons in Italy they are in no jeopardy
as long as they are inside the United
States but if they were to leave they
are potentially at risk for being jailed
and brought to Italy one of those
Americans convicted is Sabrina de Souza
a veteran CIA counterterrorism officer
who is stationed in Milan what should we
know about Sabrina de Souza's
involvement in the rendition a so
category soon importante lamented
irresponsible tonneaus tante le e
difficult rally bode go Sol tanto esta
bien de Souza ot or need a defender si
de Nancy a la corte italiana a shelter
luminaire Latta tante la voz de Atacama
Latino rope adorable celesta in fact de
Souza is in Europe and she's not taking
any steps to conceal her presence here
de Souza a dual US Portuguese citizen
who resigned from the CIA in 2010 has
been stuck in the United States but
earlier this year she decided to take a
risk she traveled to Morocco and then
made her way to Portugal despite the
fact that there was a European arrest
warrant issued for her
D'Souza said she was falsely implicated
in the Abu Omar trend issue she's
accused high-level CIA officials of
knowingly carrying out an illegal
rendition on Italian soil and leaving
her high and dry to take the fall taking
on the CIA is a dangerous task and it's
taken a heavy toll on de Souza isolated
from family and friends unable to work
living under the anvil of an arrest
warrant she's now planning her next
moves in an effort to clear her name
she's in Portugal to meet with top
European government officials and human
rights attorneys who she hopes will
pressure prosecutors into launching a
new investigation into the Abu Omar
rendition it's a risky strategy that
could reignite a political firestorm
between the u.s. Italy and their
respective intelligence services
I've been very vocal in the last few
years about this entire rendition and
the need for accountability and to clear
my name
the reason I decided finally to come to
Portugal was because it was a goal of
mine and I didn't see any reason why
some of the CIA leadership who were
responsible for my not being able to
come to Portugal did not put that
big-boy pants on assumed responsibility
and resolved this issue once and for all
none of the CIA officers who were
convicted ever served a day in jail
that's because Italy never sent the US
extradition papers still de Souza claims
that she's been living in a different
kind of prison barred from travelling
overseas and fearing she would never be
able to see her family again emotionally
for me this was almost like a roller
coaster type thing in September of 2005
I got a call and 11 o'clock on a
Saturday say my father was in the
intensive care unit in India and I was
ready to turn in my badge I called
someone at the headquarters who was
working inside and I said I'm going and
I'm going through France and I left I
got to India walking to the hospital as
the priest and two others were coming to
read the last write to my father and
then I came back and I was like okay you
know I know this is it and I really
didn't care because my family was really
important and then my father passed away
then I got indicted in July of 2006 and
again my mother was 80 and I thought
there's no way so I said okay why don't
you get my mother here for Christmas I
mean this the least they could have done
for me if they did even that much for me
perhaps I wouldn't have I would be here
today trying to fight this
when did you join the CIA on the 90s and
and then I was assigned to Italy was my
first tour and why what compelled you to
join the agency actually it was just a
very almost lame crease and I needed a
job actually the end of the day um I was
married to an agency office at the time
and I just thought what he was doing
you know sounded interesting I didn't
tell me everything he was doing but um I
just thought that whole area was kind of
of interest to me who was either Homer I
think he popped on the radar not so much
for what he had done in the past because
you know in the past year then to
Albania Germany left from Egypt and left
under cloud and from all these different
places but that was not taken into
consideration because he was granted
political asylum
there was no pending arrest warrant for
him anywhere not needed not in Albania
know he had a checkered past but nothing
that resulted in an arrest warrant it
was all supposition
you know suspected of maybe he did this
but there was nothing stuck to him
obviously if there was something
concrete which is why he got political
asylum he came to the attention because
of his rhetoric at the mosque
you know fiery speeches and from
telephone taps I guess with the Italian
police the digos who had him under
physical and technical surveillance he
would talk about different things but
again I like to emphasize that he would
talk about it but it didn't concern the
Italians enough they didn't feel they
had enough evidence based on what was
going on there always physical
surveillance to issue an arrest warrant
for him you see to the point that
according to Bruno Magali the chief of
canotary
Ferdie goes according to his testimony
in court
they dropped surveillance of Abu Omar in
January of 2003 to concentrate on other
people other suspects of interest more
of interest that he was how does he go
from this this figure that you're
monitoring to someone who's a candidate
for rendition well the figure that the
CIA was monitoring him buta the Italians
were monitoring him so for the CIA
again Abu Omar was not like the only
candidate the chief of counterterrorism
in Rome again this whole rendition was
run out of Rome the chief of
counterterrorism in Rome in 2001 had
come up with a list of 10 names so
despite all of that the agency
Greenlight's
the rendition of our world yes sir right
so there's a specific agency team that
does the actual snatch they come in from
outside and then as the internal country
team you assist them in doing that yeah
not many from the internal country team
were I mean do I know what love wasn't
like everybody from the embassy or the
or the base of course it was not there
was no one at the base as such to do
that it was the team that would come in
but again this is there's also got to
remember that the team was under the
impression that the Italians were on
board with this and that's a little bit
significant because when a team is under
the impression
and they're told that the Italians have
your back now why would you go around
the country engaged in the highest level
of tradecraft you see all these the team
got convicted on what sloppy tradecraft
that was the narrative that been all
over the place sloppy tradecraft the CI
and all the rest of it why would you do
that because if you do that then the
host country who's supposed to have your
back is gonna run go like what are these
guys doing I'll be out of the loop on
something you know what I mean they were
told that they were told you you know
the hosts good huh Italians have your
back so so you thought you're operating
with the consent of the Italian
government the Italian intelligence
services well the team did you claim
that you were not a significant part of
this rendition absolutely not I wasn't
even part of the rendition at all I was
not there I was skiing that'd be because
it was white peak and because I wasn't
in charge of her or any of that I went
off to to the ski vacation so absolutely
and that's what I've settled all along
Bo and all these years I've said one
thing the charges against me are
groundless I want to be able to live
freely again and this thing has gone on
way too long and what was your role well
my rule was earlier on so I was the
translator between the Italians and the
team most of my career was spent in the
counterterrorism center until you're
operating undercover State Department
what's called declared to them they knew
who I was the Italian prosecutor claims
that you were the mastermind I know but
what's the evidence bears the evidence
that's the thing where is the evidence
in my attorney proved in court
it's not possible for me to have been
the mastermind of this whole thing
lediko so tanto que no solo en sequester
Obama my uncle si si tipo di Otto on ku4
toh di una Otto vector ax y response a
piane sole tanto key material meant a
say will for toe monka kia participate
hola prepper a co
only Guapo but that's not it for de
souza who maintains her innocence one of
her unlikely allies is otto Gomez a
member of European Parliament who has
been a vocal critic of how the war on
terror has been conducted I've worked a
lot in the committee that we have set up
in the European Parliament to
investigate the complicity of Europeans
in the extraordinary rendition program
and how did you first become aware of
Sabrina de Sousa and what she's trying
to do some lawyers here in Portugal also
go through the documents and and they
confirmed that that possession that Nets
had been wrongly convicted in Italy
because of course there was a political
interest in in convicting a number of
people and so anyone would do so I
thought it was important to to help her
and I agreed I arranged with a lawyer
that I would go to Morocco where she was
and would travel with her to Portugal
and would try to help her from here
indeed clear her name
I I thought that it this is also a way
to help bring light into this all or
endless affair of the torture program
where not just the u.s. administration
has tremendous responsibilities but
where European governments also have
tremendous responsibilities because they
were accomplices and and that's exactly
where we have not been able to really
get a proper follow-up in the u.s. the
sentiment is you know
this program many of these activities
including the Abu Omar rendition
happened a decade ago and they want to
turn the page they want to sort of close
the door on this chapter is there a
sense that the sentiment is different in
Europe much depends on the victims
themselves and you have Sabrina or was
also a victim fighting for to clear up
her name
you have the victims of torture also
fighting for reparation and we need to
support them we will support ins if the
victims prefer a closure there will be
closure if they decide to speak up and
fight and demand reparation there plenty
of avenues you know there are victims of
the Second World War the Holocaust who
are still going after those responsible
Naza criminals of all sorts
since 2005 D'Souza has been battling the
Bush and Obama administrations
she's taking her complaints to members
of Congress and has written letters to
secretaries of State Colin Powell and
Hillary Clinton you have tried multiple
channels to get your name cleared from
this incident right oh absolutely I had
gone through every single option
internally in the CIA starting with the
Ombudsman who was told to back off
the grievance office the EEO even office
that were probably not even relevant to
anything I was just trying to find
something and the interesting thing
about Washington is how a cover-up takes
effect she knows like a cancer it starts
off in the CIA and then they involve the
Department of Defense so then it's
spread to justice it spread here there
and then all the way up to Congress the
u.s. starts off with one thing alone
we don't acknowledge renditions well now
that you feel like you've exhausted all
your official u.s. option is what do you
do next well there are options in Europe
quite a few of them but for now I'm
looking at one option so in the 20th of
July the European Center for
Constitutional and human rights filed a
complaint to the German federal
prosecutor either German federal
question so this complaint was about the
Senate torture report as well as the
rendition program and why the German
prosecutor well
Gobbo Omar was rendered from Milan taken
to Aviano and then flown to Ramstein Air
Base in Germany from there he was sent
to Cairo Egypt where he alleges torture
so because of Ramstein there's a direct
link with Germany and therefore I think
the German federal prosecutor is in the
best position to conduct an
investigation of this the prosecutor has
universal jurisdiction but again because
of this directly
the idea here is if you can get the
German prosecutor to bring a new
investigation and the German prosecutors
relevant because the plane landed in
German right then you hope that that
will reveal new details that will clear
your name absolutely
in addition to violating Italy
sovereignty the CIA's rendition of Abu
Omar had the consequence of completely
derail Italy's ongoing investigation
into the cleric and other alleged
terrorists was Abu Omar a terrorist was
he supporting terrorist operations here
as part of the melanie's network a
quando a boom are a few repeat o la
procure animal on o la policía de
milano esteban in de gand o subi lui
esteban o in de gand o su di Lucca meter
Arista SUV compy she say UN Fauci estado
repeat o lo Braemore estado no e FM
arrest a t a bar esta to multi ultra
complex AB Amara Corot are todo Guto a
sequester on fattiest a token Donato
come apartamento no see you soon enter
Arista
my fat okay for some terrorists a
non-jew stiphu confesses tato sequest
righto in italia Kuroda Malaysia were
you surprised to learn that the
Americans had conducted a rendition on
Italian soil obviamente conozco
benissimo to Rossetti honest attorney 10
Cedella war on terror que comprende le
rendition ma non solo laranesha posso
son tanto de la cosa say Kongo sistema
de der et Delhi democracy a poacher n
tally yo Phnom Penh so kasya immiscible
own our area request OT po s empress
Ament a illegal a UN readö
non SI comma extraordinary rendition
machina au sequester le persone
conquest Oh tipo de Sione no see combate
fat Oh Turismo Madeira to recede ah no I
terrorist II Rajani / proselytism Oh
Trevor our role our LT terrorist II on a
Gomez echoes these same sentiments I
will not give up efforts together with
others to expose and bring to justice
those who are responsible for the
surrenders program that has so
dramatically damaged our credibility in
terms of human rights in the rule of law
and democracy and which has actually
enabled the terrorists with a narrative
to recruit more terrorists
isn't there an understanding or a tacit
nod nod wink wink that if you rendition
a guy like Abu Omar to Egypt he's gonna
be tortured absolutely um I'd know but
tacit because Egypt is on the State
Department's list of countries that is
known to torture oh dude I see the
result can be Benaiah Thomas all
retarded hello
how'd you get there we were sent an IRA
nurse Telugu the buyer who have him
accountable to us Allah be a caller so
Colin Powell who was the Secretary of
State had to prove this and ditz did so
knowing full well that Egypt is on in
his State Department's list of countries
at tortures well so doesn't that in
itself make the rendition illegal um not
in the u.s. is torture by proxy illegal
in under US law and that's the reason
why this the CIA established sending
those who are captured off to other
countries because then they can go like
well we asked for reasonable guarantees
and that's about it which obviously
doesn't happen do you think this case
has damaged relationship air relations
between the US and Italy well they on
the surface they say absolutely not but
I can tell you right now CT cooperation
absolutely absolutely counterterrorism
work yes we reached out to the CIA to
ask them about de Souza's case and the
allegation she leveled against the
agency but the CIA declined to comment
we also sought comment from the House
and Senate intelligence committees who
de Souza's said she met with staffers
told us the committee's did indeed meet
with the CIA to discuss de Souza's case
but they could not reveal details about
those talks because they're classified
and who ultimately signs off on a
rendition like this Condoleezza Rice and
Bush George dumb people at a time is an
again
but the Abu Omar is guilty or not is a
separate matter
my issue but this whole thing is you
didn't have to take him to Egypt to be
tortured this time now ten years later
it is really important that this entire
story be told because this case is
emblematic of a broader larger political
and policy issues
D'Souza claims that she discovered
explosive details about the planning and
execution of Abu Omar renditions when
she reviewed internal CIA documents
while still at the agency but she was
reluctant to disclose to us what she
learned Serina I don't understand if if
you are willing to tell the story of
what's happening and you're here talking
why not just tell the full story right
now
you keep asking me the same thing and
I'm trying to tell you that this
information really belongs in front of a
prosecutor sit again telling you the
story will may get me three minutes of
fame it's out there but it will not
result in accountability I think a
skeptic would say like Oh Sabrina was on
a ski trip yeah when this was happening
like that sounds that sounds like a
cover story opposite letter case officer
would absolutely yep case officer
absolutely and there have been skeptical
who said exact exactly that but you know
I'm not gonna go bother with the
skeptics on this again they can say
whatever they want
I already feel quite vindicated overcome
you with what I've done over the last
few years and step things on will change
my life in any way because they're not
the German federal prosecutor or any
other prosecutor for that matter so I
can't please everybody
a spokesperson for the German prosecutor
did not respond to our request about
whether his office has launched an
investigation are you here in order to
get the agency back it you could your
motives could be interpreted as
vindictive well if I just popped up out
of the blue
then people could say it's been dictum
but I have a history I've gone through
calls I've gone through Congress I've
done what is supposed to be a proper
channel except that I found this proper
channel is aimed at making sure that
abusers remain abusers and never see the
light of day it's rare for CIA officers
to speak critically and publicly about
the agency's secret operations but the
fallout from the Abu Omar rendition is
unprecedented the prosecutor the
politician DeSousa herself share a
common threat they want answers and
demand accountability yet each of them
pursuing their own agendas threatens to
reopen a Pandora's box that both the
Italian and American governments want
closed in this case D'Souza all alone
desperate to clear her name
threatening to reveal sensitive
information is playing an international
chess game whose outcome is unknown what
she does next could prove to be
disastrous for the CIA and for her as
well how far are you willing to go to
clear your name well go as far as I mean
I've gotten to this point are you
willing to go to jail of course but the
thing is why would I go to jail I
believe that the public at this point
looking for accountability they are
looking for countability and anyone who
jails me at this point is only going to
be complicit in this cover-up I mean
that's the way to get rid of me right I
mean disappear tomorrow you know who
knows
