there's a problem with the idea of a
drug war we're on drugs
I feel like that's gonna be a
never-ending battle it's a Shem I think
that just needs to be an adult
conversation about drugs really what why
are we not legalizing drugs good
everything the war on drugs is the fight
against drug cartels led by governmental
institutions
it's a term used to describe our
government's best efforts to stop the
trafficking and selling of illegal
substances in our country the war on
drugs is a joke it's not working that's
ridiculous to say that it's an insane
massive failure
I'm actually an addictions counselor an
adolescent therapist and I will say
right off the bat that nothing is more
harmful to my clients than the drug war
I don't think the drug war is working
every single day people get killed
because of this problem I just think
it's putting more people behind bars
it's supporting a lot of criminal
activity and violence and drug abuse
what you're left with is a complete mess
right I think that the police and the
army should keep cracking down on the
people that are dealing with drugs drugs
are tearing our world apart and we need
to stop it before striking where I live
the authorities really criminalized drug
users I think drugs are considered worse
than murder
the war on drugs is definitely taking
place in Germany you go to one of the
parks you pick up some weed and boom you
get busted by the police the way the
authorities treat drug users in my area
I'd say that they're quite tolerant here
in New York as long as you're keeping to
yourself they're not really bothering
you if a policeman catches you smoking a
joint you'll get a slap on the wrist if
that how drug users are treated is often
based on their socioeconomic status or
their race at least as far as drug
policy goes in this country it's very
much based upon the kullaberg person's
skin if that weren't the case there
wouldn't be that schism between crack
cocaine and just regular cocaine drug
use and places like Guatemala it's not
so big the real problem is that we're
next to the nation that consumes the
most drugs the United States has the
biggest drug abuse problem my view on
the war on drugs is a pretty simple
complete legalization for sure most
rocks should be legalized
I don't think legalizing drugs is the
ultimate answer we'd to definitely be
legalized I think it's totally
outrageous that alcohol is legal and
weed isn't I don't think that all drugs
should be legalized I believe that there
are drugs out there that are horrible
for you they will kill you and I don't
think that those drunk should be
legalized
I think drugs like crystal meth and
heroin and stuff should not be legalized
it's been proven through the Prohibition
like what 80 years ago and didn't work
back then it's not gonna work now we'd
be able to allow the individual to
decide whether they want to harm
themselves or not obviously there's some
there are some pretty bad side effects
to having a weekend on MDMA and cocaine
but we usually get through it okay it's
always gonna happen and it's always
gonna be there we should be finding ways
to make them cleaner safer and finding
cures for the addiction to them as well
so we have to acknowledge that the whole
drug war paradigm
silly and it won't work until that
happens we're doesn't keep banging our
heads arresting people for things they
shouldn't be arrested for damaging whole
generations of people for nothing
