in June the French government quietly
closed its border with Italy to those
seeking asylum in France before the
border closure those wanted to seek
asylum 'its would simply get on a train
at Ventimiglia and make the short
journey across however since the closure
came into place every train entering
France from Italy is boarded by French
police who detain any suspected refugees
and migrants before deporting them back
to Italy this is the train station
though you could be forgiven thinking
it's a police station with amount of
police vans parked outside it and we're
gonna wait here for a little while to
see if the police find any refugees and
migrants then see what happens to them
when they do
the police are now going to board the
train walk up along the length of the
carriages looking for any suspected
refugees and migrants they've pulled two
guys off that train one of them though
didn't speak any French he was speaking
Arabic essentially this route is almost
impossible to use now which means the
refugees and migrants are going to have
to use read more riskier methods to get
into France such as paying people
smugglers to drive them across the
border or even hike through the
mountains that surround the town here
the police continue to check every train
that crossed into France throughout the
day we wanted to see if any of the
migrants would be able to evade the
authorities and cross the border by
train so that evening we followed a
group of migrants onto a train at the
Italian town of Ventimiglia seems the
group that got on split up so there's a
couple in front of us and a couple of
guys in their own they group together
it's too obvious to the police to
firemen
train is now stopped to mont√≥n let's see
if the cops come on
No
so it called to man off look like they
could have been from Afghanistan or Iran
the police are still going up and down
the carriages
possible they all proposal Jupiter so
that's at least four people they pulled
off this train
with crossing by train no longer
possible migrants resorting to more
dangerous than clandestine methods to
reach France we joined a group of
migrants in Italy as they headed for a
camp on the French Italian border they
were traveling at night along the train
tracks to avoid the police so when you
come up to a tunnel we have to wait for
a train to go past and then essentially
run behind it if we don't do that and a
train catches us while stirring the
tunnel there's nowhere for us to
essentially escape was a really
dangerous journey you guide the porters
at the track now run ahead we're pretty
close to the camp now checking if there
any police maybe on the tracks waiting
for us to come around the corner after
two hours of walking on the tracks we
had reached the no borders camp a
makeshift home for migrants trying to
enter France ran by a group of European
activists
the new arrivals are greeted with the
cheer applaud it into the camp a lot of
the guys who made the journey already
know people in this camp that's why
they've come up here essentially be part
of a community which the activists here
fill for the refugees and the library
every evening French organization called
a quad Ellis Bois come across from the
French side to hand out free food and
supplies here at the camp so they get to
sort of meals they get a main course and
then they get sort of a dessert some
cake and some fruit the organization
also comes down to hand out clothes and
sort of blankets and waterproof gear to
the guys because last night there was a
big storm some of the tents got washed
out and they're gonna need waterproof
clothing because as winter approaches
the weather here on the coast is meant
to get a lot worse has your organization
had any trouble with the Italian
authorities with you handing out food
and goods here Avianca Monsanto MATLAB
question yes wanna lose you dude Amiga
this is sort of younger than you
enjoying 30 the donee emoji and I got
event to me he was also to innovative
perfect world from Gwanghwamun pollute
water below the video nether what do you
think would have happened to these guys
if the no border activist hadn't said at
this camp and your organization wasn't
here to help feed these guys do you
think the Italian government would have
stepped in to help them say palaver
Kovac voila notice on caboose for sunny
Salim bundle risotto eat Italian
authority of consensus on political
a lot of the guys here don't like having
their faces shown if they want to go
into France they have to make sure that
it can't be proven that they are in
Italy beforehand otherwise it's very
easy for them to be deported so we're
taking this opportunity whilst the camps
that look quiet to have a look around
and see what the camp is like so this is
our kitchen they're preparing a dinner
right now
where do you get a lot of this food from
we have a lot of people who just came
here we just come here and give us
clarity a lot of food everything we need
here we have tents
this is where most people sleep and
there are lots of people also sleeping
under the arches and yeah we're trying
to make it more comfortable after the
heavy showers we had like two days ago
and how many guys do you think is
staying here at the moment if you can
say the moment I think we're between 20
and 40 people the wall I think where are
you from why did you leave your country
it's not Yemen a student yet Valusia
layers will help that matter should be
no no no Sudan and have you tried to get
into France on the train yet haven't of
Lille oh there is not what is the Salah
Laura Phil ba ba ba so a nice man oh I'm
not lastly origin of engineering staying
at this camp France is just over there
you can see it but you're not allowed to
get there how does that make you feel
I said the original Anna Vuitton was
awfully hidden camera the variety bro
hey Naz Alfonzo very girl be hard and
Catalan attempt the French government is
welcoming some Syrian refugees who are
already in Germany but they closed the
border to you guys what do you think of
that
aloma Sir Ian Brown over the neck
millennium 99 Hatton when I am Varna
monroebot bargaining levy biletnikov
over there when after at medical arena
mobarak attend were doofy and I fired
her enemies at the pseudonym behind
episode therefore Luminara guava team a
shocking robot him after dr. Koon
Genovia die Olivia Adam the French
government's policy on the Italian
border is hypocritical when you consider
their welcoming Syrian refugees arriving
via Germany yet it rejects those mainly
African refugees coming from Italy every
other evening they called a protest and
there the Italian riot police on the
Italian side of the border have lined up
to block their route into into France
since the Italian police's response to a
peaceful protest out at the camp they're
pushing it further back towards the camp
now they're these guys who travel
thousands of miles and risk their lives
and their gravely mistaken in the early
hours of September the 30th the Italian
police evicted the no borders camp using
bulldozers to pull down the tents even
though staying there with nowhere to go
when the Red Cross camp in the town at
full capacity the other refugees and
migrants have now resorted to sleeping
rough at the train station the eviction
making a dire situation even more
desperate
