20500 yaha semitism all over the world
as far as the answer concerns the only
good tools that use event live head
we're in Nablus in Palestine West Bank
where overnights and personal needs set
fire to Joseph's Tomb it's a sacred site
holy to the Jewish population here the
Palestinian security forces are deployed
and strength around it they went
announced to film it was filming this
surreptitiously it seems likely this to
be a flashpoint laces today righteous
Joseph's Tomb yesterday was desecrated
not for the first time unfortunately
it's been several times even though
according to the Oslo Accords which
would be allowed free entry into there
that doesn't actually happen in in
reality it's Joseph woods but was buried
there and it has a lot of historical
significance for us a lot of spiritual
significance service and it's a terrible
thing and the world is suddenly
unexplicable silent you know I find it
very very difficult to understand is how
this Apocrypha comes about
people don't like attitudes there's a
lot of anti-semitism all over the world
anti-semitism is rampant there's a lot
of problems with the Muslims as far as
the answer concerns the only good rules
for to surround live head and dead Jews
even better and definitely not to have
the truth that's not a concern land
epistles would be using I think for a
long time it's not officially called
that's maybe it's not politically
correct to call it that but we've been
in the movie father
wonderful
we believe in God's we believe
everything's going to be okay we're not
going anywhere
we're staying here to build the Land of
Israel
yesterday us extra State John Kerry
spoke to the party and President Mahmoud
Abbas Abbas assured Kerry that he'll do
everything in his power to camp down and
the growing wave of process to cross off
quite Palestine but the issue is whether
Abbas actually has that power whether
he's actually able to dispute the use in
the street to order them to de-escalate
the crisis Hamas the Palestinian
Authority's political rival across
Palestine as called for a Day of Rage
but it seems to be very much a youth-led
uprising or series of process for
demonstrations to what extent are the
other Palestinian political factions are
Fatah Hamas able to coordinate and able
to control what's going on
hello Jill Olivia camera and after
followed la escena
Elena Fiji Stella Musa maroon and her
akatsiya men feta in a famous guru har
lend-lease appears at Burton para una
caja not Shabbat lacking having many
American and who aha
Bella and Alicia see why Bela harden
convey media or deli
no food tomorrow on a Yamaha Roja Dean
police ali allah muhammad the inherent
concern
inevitably the process has moved on from
the center of numbers to checkpoint here
a small lot of everybody sitting in here
fight for this device for in Jerusalem
for his blood for everything like if you
have a sister
someone who's doing something bad what
you doing you fight your hair that's to
do it really do you think that coming
out into the streets like this do you
think it will make any difference to
think about in any way I know that we
have our ideal it's our land it's our
home some of people injury it's okay we
have many people we have money to stole
the whole world we fight in our lab so
the Friday prayers processed in novelist
fizzled out as the sultry standard for
the idea you've come over to say hi hi
there let's go from here
where can we film from where so as I
saying earlier the process we saw
earlier and novelist seem to fizzles out
into what's really a very Dassault
recomputation between about a dozen
palestinian youths throwing rocks and
the IDF the Israeli forces in who set up
a checkpoint at the entrance to the city
today was meant to be a Day of Rage for
the young Palestinians with dead racial
called by Hamas but it seems the IDF in
the one hand and the Palestinian
Authority in the other seats have calmed
down the post
here at least there remains to be seen
what happens at the end of the same
