something needs to be done they are not
the most dangerous prisoners known to
society at all I'm not saying I didn't
deserve prison because I think why I
didn't deserve was a sentence with no
release date
in 2005 judges in England and Wales
started giving out a new kind of life
sentence for relatively minor crimes
including fighting and shoplifting with
disastrous results it's created a flawed
system where thousands of offenders have
already served their normal sentence or
tariff but no one could predict when or
if they might ever be released in
determinate sentences for public
protection or IPPs were supposed to keep
dangerous criminals locked up until they
could prove they were no longer a threat
they were scrapped in 2012 but vice news
used freedom of information rules to
reveal the four and a half thousand who
is still inside with no set release date
we went to Oxford to meet Jody on the
day of his grandma's funeral Jody's
partner Johnny was involved in a fight
outside a pub he ended up hitting a guy
round the head with a weapon he pleaded
guilty bh8 intent which was what his
charges were when the judge sentenced
him to the IPP he sentenced him to an
18-month tariff and a three and a half
year eka mendacious I left that court
with a massive smile on my face I was
with his mum and his family we went to
the pub and we celebrated the fact that
he'd got an IPP thank God three and a
half years four years it's not as bad as
what we thought but we didn't know what
we know no IPP prisoners receive a
recommended jail term and Johnny's ended
after three and a half years he's now
been inside for eight with no set
release date so in there is probably
about it would be about six years worth
of letters yeah I broke him how many of
them you think they're on there
some huge card yeah yeah turn they must
have loved me that day 11 12 pages long
on every page is put in big letters you
are my life something from its - yeah
probably when you write these letters
hmm are you talking about the life that
you had to have together yeah nothing is
really about what's happening you know
in the imprison life or what's happening
in the prison it's more about our future
what we plan to do and where we plan to
go on holiday and and yeah and what
we're going to call our children and
things like just daft things no he
shouldn't have got into a fight but it'd
be the first one to admit yes he did
wrong and he's been to prison and the
change I've seen in they moved the last
three or four years this mark well he's
a man now he was just young and silly
and he's being full of remorse no I saw
you just say please give him a chance
vice news found the people have received
IPPs for crimes as minor as shoplifting
fighting in public and criminal damage
under 20 pounds the cost of keeping them
jailed exceeds 119 million pounds a year
John Samuels is a retired judge who
spent 10 years on the parole board which
decides when IPPs are released he told
us the system has been plagued by delays
but has been unable to talk publicly
until now far more could be done in
ensuring the safety of the public by
releasing those tariffs expired IPP
sentences and supervising them
effectively in the community which would
be cheaper and the public safety would
not be compromised
what would you say to people who say
that those kind of steps would mean
releasing thousands of England and Wales
as most dangerous prisoners they're not
most the most dangerous prisoners known
to society at all the most dangerous
prisoners are those who are serving
either mandatory life sentences or
discretionary life sentences the pro
board faced repeated criticism for the
way in which they deal with IPP
prisoners the hearings are often delayed
or deferred is that the parole board's
fault it's certainly not the parole
board's fault
that there are delays in the system the
dossiers which are provided by the
Ministry of Justice
inadequate full of errors full of
problems some really basic problems
hi how are you nice to see ya
you're right yeah so you didn't sleep uh
no I didn't really my head was kind of
spinning with all thoughts and things
like that but I've not got any
experience and I don't really know what
takes back what exactly is going to
happen today
well the probation officer and his
offender manager will put forward their
cases as in what they recommend should
happen after today and what they would
like to see happen are you alright are
you nervous we can't broadcast Johnny's
voice because of strict rules on
prisoner interviews you know I've got
good feeling about today I mean with
your hundred-percent all right
how many times have you done this
journey
I wouldn't even ice
okay yes he's no angel like I said no
he's been silly in the past he's done
stupid things and he's paying for that
now he's Payton right and I won't be
able to do the normal things that people
take for granted
Johnny's freedom rests on convincing the
parole board he's no longer a risk to
society it could be another two years
until his case is heard again just comes
straight out of the parole hearing
you're in there for about three hours
yeah do you have any sense of whether it
might have gone Johnny's way or not
and I I mean I suppose my gut instinct
was but it's gotten pretty well and and
hopefully they'll take on board
everything that's been recommended to
them I'm so proud of Johnny and you know
the way that he came across everything
that they asked him he had a decent
answer for
I really hope fingers across a little
Wen's plan you're right okay I had it's
Plymouth to meet Michael he was given an
IP P for grievous bodily harm with
intent a serious violent crime and
received a three year minimum seven
years on he's just being released if I
didn't get out this time I was gonna cut
off
and that was it I just wasn't going to
try I was just gonna maybe Joe when you
spoke to the other OPP prisoners today
have the same kind of worries as you
were they would they sort of carrying a
lot more on their shoulders than the
normal prisoners yeah yeah I've started
my sentence with one geezer got my
thinking and I see him what about for
nine years later in another jail he was
skinny he was on heroin he sold
everything to have his cell and I'm like
what's happening in a sentence it's the
story because they see use this
dangerous person eyes IP they have to be
more cautious and they have to cover
their back at the time because if you
want because my probation officer said
release me now if I went out of that
attacking anyone again you got off so
hard to get out and then when you do get
out you've got a fight even harder to
stay out and I didn't kill no one here I
didn't I didn't stab no one I didn't use
no weapons I'm not saying I didn't
deserve prison because I think why I
didn't deserve was the sentence or
nobody's day so where are we going now
what are we doing probation see that
pretty building there yeah as probation
we're going into probation to see yeah
my probation officer all right see how
well I'm doing and all that nightmares
and what are you gonna talk to her about
probably work trying to get to stay at
my girlfriend's so you're not allowed to
at the moment
no I'm not at the moment because I've
got a work towards it I got to prove
myself
but personally I think she thinks I'm
trying on Rushfield
she's like you tried to run before you
can walk and I'm like no I just want to
plan so I know what I'm doing yeah okay
well good back when I get out yeah yeah
see you in a bit
so she's pleased with your progress over
the last week and did she say that you'd
be able to go and see your girlfriend
and go and stay over yeah all the cards
not yet she's saying by Christmas she
reckon I had to spend a couple of nights
there yeah but I said to look forward to
it so to work forward I don't mind as
long as I got sent to work towards the
thing I wanted to ask you is that people
are gonna say or Michael you know you
got a GBH conviction when you were 12
you got another when you were 20 you
tried to escape from an open prison yeah
so why is it wrong that you're kept in
prison until the parole board decides
that it's time to release you I didn't
kill no one I didn't stab no one so fair
enough I what I done was quite bad I
beat someone up for no reason there
wasn't a reason behind it so like I said
I deserved the prison sentence but to
give her a I don't know I had to
describe myself at that age a young boy
a sentence where he hasn't got a release
date nothing to look forward to that's
not fair
it's not it's disgusting fair enough
if give me give me a 15 years in them at
least I know when I'm getting out it's
not because you're not just punishing me
you're punishing my family you're
punishing my mom you're punishing my nan
you punishing all these people they
haven't done nothing wrong all they're
doing is they're supporting a young lad
that went down the wrong path
because it's not just me that does
descendants they do the sentence as well
I PPS are on probation for a minimum of
10 years and if Michael breaks a rule
like staying at his girlfriend's he can
go straight back to prison vice news
found that half the IPPS released since
2012 have been recalled
17 days after Johnny's parole hearing we
get a call from Jody she's had some news
so Johnny's received a letter from the
parole board what did it say
summary of it it says for reasons and
for reasons why they've refused his
parole the main ones were being me and
his mum they need to be aware that we
know what public protection is why is
that important it is they're saying
would we protect Johnny rather than the
public meaning would we Harbor if he
commits another offense and police were
looking for him would be harbouring
would we hide him so how does it feel as
a family as a family that supported
Johnny all the way through that speak'st
him every day knowing that the focus
isn't on Johnny's behavior but now it's
on you and on the support that you're
able to provide him it feels like he's
not been released because of something
that we've done or something that we
haven't done or something that we could
do better
are you going to be able to appeal the
decision how long is it going to take it
could take quite a few months but our
hope is that we're going to appeal with
a decision and from having a quick
conversation with his solicitor but her
opinion is that there seems to be more
than enough grounds to appeal it and if
you didn't seek the route of judicial
review how long would it take for him to
receive another appeal they say 12 to 18
months but more than likely it will be
two years before we actually gets it
before parole board again he's actual
words to me where well you saw with your
own eyes now it said I don't think I'll
ever get out how can you be too
supportive I just can't I don't
understand it I promise you I don't care
if you put this in there I will fight
this until the day I die
what's it like knowing that you know
it'll probably be another 12 months
maybe 18 months before he gets full oh
and you're Matlin absolutely awful know
I've said things to the family bike
died before he comes home two years ago
against me now rather than for me and
I'm trying to keep strong for him he's
just awful
the wait is awful according to the
parole report Johnny still poses a
medium risk of reoffending the Ministry
of Justice could release IPPs like
Johnny onto the strip licence conditions
Michel faces but they told us they have
no plans to do so the parole board said
they're working hard to tackle the
caseload but acknowledged that it
increased considerably it seems that
nobody wants to take responsibility for
the UK's Forgotten prisoners still
serving an obsolete sentence with no set
release date
