I think so many months people I know
immigrants are viewed quite favorably
they're treated like guys it's almost
like drains on our society what the hell
are they expecting to do here they're
not taking our jobs there are some
really shitty American citizens and some
really great illegal immigrants I think
in England we have very anti-immigrant
sentiments and that's really perpetuated
by the media in the u.s. immigrants
generally have a negative connotation
because all the press that they get is
from the Republican and more
conservative side and salvina where I'm
from there's a lot of hatred towards
immigrants I don't think that ties
generally have a friendly view towards
immigrants the main problem in Turkey
towards immigrants is lack of empathy
we have over 7 million immigrants from
all over the world and Canada has given
immigrants so many laws and rights
protecting them my country the
immigrants that we have from the south
of us from the Latin American countries
are treated much worse than the
immigrants we have from places like
Europe and Asia people who are coming
from wealthier countries like France are
definitely viewed favorably quite sad
but it's a part of the reality today I
would say you do encounter problem when
there's a lot of undocumented immigrants
if you ask me what should be done about
undocumented immigrants I would say
document them let them stay of course
it's a problem because a government
can't run efficiently when they're not
able to count for everyone in their
population we need to stop
treating undocumented immigrants like
criminals we should allow people a fair
honest and relatively easy way to become
citizens in this United States we can
pull them out of the shadows while
they're here and find out what it is
that they need how we can better their
quality of life and integrate them into
this country so that it can be more of a
cohesive body of people if there's not
good reason for them to be and if
they're not making a positive
contribution and I guess then we need to
investigate why they shouldn't go back
to their native country
I think refugees should be given more
leniency
I think we need to be a lot more humane
and really distinguish the difference
between an immigrant and a refugee
refugees are very much more desperate
situation than immigrants it's less of a
choice and more of a necessity I
personally think that every person has
the rights to live in the country
borders with Syria took refugees for the
past hundred years and we are appalled
to the reaction of the world help the
treatment the fact is turkey is hosting
too many of them while the other Arab
countries are so blind to this problem I
born in Surrey I lived in Syria now
there's wool so I had to move to Turkey
this is the only way to stay alive
refugees that flee from a conflict in
their home country you should most
definitely be welcomed here in Germany I
think it's not only the responsibility
of my country but also the
responsibility of the European Union and
countries that are likely privileged to
provide shelter for people who are in
need it's incredible to me and almost
impossible to me that a country like
Canada where we have so many resources
we're not bringing in more people we're
not helping more people immigrants are
gonna come regardless of whether we have
you know an entire army on the corner or
not if we have places on this planet
that are so terrible that everybody
wants to come here we should start
putting our resources and making those
other places better places to live if
we're going to take on masses of people
from other countries regardless of their
situation back home we should try and
educate them we need to realize that
immigrants are really part of the
backbone of what makes America America
it wouldn't be what it is today without
the presence of immigrants and I think
if you give them this chance these will
be the most motivated people you can
imagine
