it's my heritage you know I mean I've
got I've got relatives that fought in
the Civil War they were dirt poor
farmers okay they did not they can own
anything why do they have to incorporate
a symbol that has oppressed so many and
led to so many people's death that they
have to promote it and say hey this is
the biggest part of my history and you
got to deal with it
I was recently living and working in
Mississippi and met some of the nicest
kindest people I've ever met which is of
course something that the south is known
for but Mississippi also gets a bad rap
for a lot of things both historic and
present day and I wanted to explore some
of those especially since the state is
changing on everything from education to
economics to most recently conversations
about whether they should change their
state flag with the reputation for
hospitality amazing food great music and
a booming agricultural industry
Mississippi is also the only state left
with the Confederate symbol in its flag
it's a link to the state's past but to
some it suddenly feels very present the
flag featured prominently in pictures
posted by suspect Dylann roof charged in
the death of nine black church members a
mass shooting in south carolina via
white supremacists led the legislature
and Governor nikki Haley to remove the
Confederate flag from the grounds of
South Carolina's Statehouse and renewed
debate about whether the flag is in fact
a symbol of heritage or hate that flag
while an integral part of our past does
not represent the future of our great
state all eyes are now on Mississippi
and its Stars and Bars and there's a
renewed call to replace the state flag
we wanted to see if all of this was part
of the mainstream dialog in the state or
if it was something that came out of
outside pressure
our first stop being invited to ride to
a heritage rally for the flag on the
back of an awesome motorcycle with an
experienced biker Jason
people came from across the state
I was actually only with Jason for the
final 15 minutes of his three-hour ride
from Biloxi so I had two thoughts while
we were on the on the highway one I I've
never been on a motorcycle before I can
totally see the appeal of like open road
see how much bloody yes also I had no
idea until we got here that you've only
been driving a motorcycle for two months
two months let me clarify that two weeks
ago I got on the bike for the first time
right for a week
Mississippi is a state of 2.9 million
people to be fair there are really only
about a hundred and fifty people at this
rally and contrary to a lot of clickbait
videos online or screaming on TV there's
very little vitriol here I mean yeah
there are guns and a presence from the
Mississippi militia and a sweet-ass
Dukes of Hazzard car but walking around
were being welcomed by everyone they're
eager to share their perspective on the
flag on Civil War history and what it
means to them this really doesn't feel
like the yelling and screaming you see
on TV oh and I got like ten invitations
to dinner at people's homes southern
hospitality man we unfortunately don't
have time to visit all these families so
we're taking brandy Jason and rally
organizer Kelly up on their offer to
grab some legit barbecue down in Biloxi
I've put on at least five or six pounds
just in the moment now you know why
sellers have an obesity job
/ ribs and chicken and pork and brisket
and sausage we talked about what the
flag oh and cornbread and beans we
talked about what the flag means to them
and why they feel so misunderstood
people that think that it was about
slavery need a history lesson oh I get
so mad because it's my it's my heritage
you know I mean I've got I've got
relatives that fought in the Civil War
they were dirt poor farmers okay they
did not they can own anything they tell
me they're outraged by the crazy South
Carolina shooter who tricked himself in
the Confederate flag and say it's not a
symbol of white supremacy but of
Southern heritage and pride the whack
job they did that if any of us could
probably get our hands on it there's no
telling like you wouldn't want to get in
a room with us the shooter yes it would
be a goner whatever you know but like
because it's people like that they give
us a bathroom
or the silent majority
the media kind of focuses on the slavery
aspect what are the other things that
are that are so compelling that aren't
being told the South was devastated
after the Civil War they had to start
all over and they did it black and white
together not slave America live like
that together and that part of its not
told what do you say to folks who in
descendants of slaves and for them they
feel like obviously that's a big issue
in their family so how do you explain to
them why you want to keep the flag if
for them that's their big issue and for
you you're saying understandably it's
the sacrifice your family what else
there look like Confederate soldier sure
yeah that's my next question for you
there that fought him that can not
forced yeah
they fought freely next to white people
in the Confederate Army it was like if
you do what we say or yes is gonna
remain a slave but if you don't you're
gonna die anyway you know what I'm
saying it's like well I got your arm you
here with me you're gonna fight with me
or I'm gonna kill you
Jeremy Barnes remembers history a little
differently than my friends in Biloxi I
met him last week at a bar in Jackson
and just like everyone else he invited
me to his place on a beautiful stretch
of farm land just outside of town when I
was a kid and we would hoe in the field
and I was as ho I mean a garden utensil
hole not a you know but yeah that's uh
that's one of the things we had to do we
would farm this field by hand and put
jugs of water in the field by hand we
would grow our plants and animals--and
it instilled what people would consider
a southern heritage in us and none of
that heritage incorporated hate for
anybody of a different skin tone or
anything like that and we don't hate
anybody so when people say the rebel
flag or the Confederate battle flag is a
symbol of their heritage or being a
country person from the south why do I
not hold that same
I deal as sacred as they do why why do
they have to incorporate a symbol that
has oppressed so many and led to so many
people's death that they have to promote
it and say hey this is the biggest part
of my history and you got to deal with
it
and that's not right our flag is just a
blinking neon sign of negativity and
division it is the antithesis of the
hospitality state artist Lawrence Dennis
works out of her studio above an iconic
restaurant in downtown Jackson she says
the flag is bad for Mississippi and that
it's time to move on we have an
opportunity to invite companies and
smart individuals to consider our state
for teaching for industry for technology
let there be no barrier to that in the
form of a flag when you come in on it in
the airport you see United States flag
image to the Mississippi flag people
have a visceral reaction to that flag
not just Mississippians but and that's
how powerful that symbol is and it is
not a hospitable symbol now she's doing
something about it I wanted these stars
to be in a circle to represent unity
she's designed a concept for a new state
flag and she's sent it to dozens of
prominent Mississippians
entertainers athletes politicians Jimmy
Buffett but it wasn't until the shooting
in the South Carolina Church that her
design began picking up momentum it's
been kind of almost your spiritual
waking for a lot of people and thinking
okay yeah it may be that we've lost this
symbol I think there were 50 years in
the last century where the KKK and other
hate groups were taking the rebel flag
on as their their symbol to denounce
other cultures and races and declare
white supremacy or and such and there
were 50 years where folks could have
said in a way way will Luo heritage not
hate you may not have our symbol and we
didn't hear a peep right so I think we
missed our opportunity to make that
argument Lauren's family was no
different she had relatives who were
slave owners and her grandfather was
US Senator John Stennis one of the
signers of the southern manifesto which
opposed racial integration in public
places I don't in any way feel like I'm
shaming papa or ashamed of Popo or
dishonouring him by taking a different
position and and as he said his personal
motto and what he taught me was to look
ahead and the problem is we we are all
Mississippians and we can't get on the
same page about what represents us
because that's promise you if a tornado
went down or state tree right now black
and white people young and old people
regardless of faith would be out there
clearing those streets helping one
another getting each other food that is
how we roll and that is who you are and
so I was like an emblem that that's what
they think and see well that people take
forever to bury people once they die you
don't I'm saying see white people don't
work like that grandpa Jim dies on
Tuesday about Wednesday they have a 30
minute funeral and by Thursday he died
made it to hell because he was probably
a racist this is one of the few places
where black and white people in Jackson
speak candidly together about race it's
a semi-regular comedy show that started
after the shooting at the church and
it's called the Oreo comedy show you can
probably guess why there's all this
kerfuffle about the state flag now I
mean it's flying right over here and I
was like man this is it's kind of
 man let's show people a good
show we'll black and white together
black in white comedians from across the
state all coming together to make one
delicious night of comedy Berlin huff
master yes that's his real name and yes
that's awesome
started the monthly show because that's
what a true racist really hates man he
hates to see black and white people
having a good time you know that's and I
think something like this to see us
falling all over each other busting a
good like that's gonna kill that guy
yeah like more than any protests or
March or bill you could possibly pass
what we've heard a lot of this week
which is folks who don't want the flag
to change saying we don't believe it
stands for racism and it stands for you
know my stance for my heritage
I mean I don't give me this crock
 that it's your heritage
I mean if you really want to get down to
it then your heritage was like hanging
by people from trees if your family's
from Mississippi here was you as been
here for the past 200 years you have a
you have a finger in that so why not get
rid of it I mean also you've lost you
 laws it is illegal it is illegal
to fly a Nazi flag in Germany the entire
 country I don't think it should
be flowing over government buildings but
if you keep it a right if you keep it at
your house or on your car that lets me
know not go around you I do appreciate
the fact that you talk about people
having the flags out in the open because
I would rather know who you are okay all
right all right pictures okay if I see
your ass on the highway or not I know to
go to the other way you know but as a
whole it affects our state and our
reputation because Mississippi is
haunted by race and we aren't doing
anything to try to make it better you
get the damn governor saying well you
know a couple years ago state voted and
they two-to-one you know we're not going
to move the flag well vote again goddamn
it after the church shooting all of a
sudden Mississippi's in the news we
didn't do anything we didn't kill
anybody because of this cloth of the
stupid-ass flag that was a rebellion
against the government and we still fly
you know what I'm saying every day we
live in this anything happens in the
nation then tomorrow I got to go to work
with my partner and we've got to deal
with this and we got to talk through
without while conversation has centered
on what the flag signifies it's also a
surrogate for the greater discussion
about what Southern heritage and pride
actually mean
turns out the underlying themes of
Southern heritage or something everyone
agrees on being able to do as you will
or you know basically do what you want
to long as you're not hurting anybody or
the environment and you can enjoy it and
live off the land and treat it with
respect
that's Southern heritage that southern
pride
family and hospitality is like the
highest on the list immature and
contrary to what a lot of people you
know think you know when you see the
ruble walk either pink redneck or like
some crazy radical personally they're
like crazy you know our challenge and
opportunity here is is to see ourselves
in 3d and really begin to go forward
with integrity and wholeness about who
we are who we've been and who we can be
and I think if we can bring together our
entire story without denying part of it
without romanticizing it and offering
everybody an opportunity to identify
with this Mississippi story we really be
on to something
all sweat man this one thing we got here
is all sweat man for real I nine months
I could wring this out to a pint glass
right now
