it's difficult to imagine a recent past
without mobile phones without the
internet or to buy a CD to hear your
favorite music
but our brave new world of technology is
radically altering the way we shop do
business and live our lives so a Silicon
Valley entrepreneurs delivering a
utopian future and is that future
designed with your best interests in
mind and so our subject tonight the tech
boom from San Francisco California this
is the business of life
hello I'm Michael Moynihan welcome to
the business of life coming to you this
week from San Francisco California it
became apparent to me that new
technologies have radically altered our
world when so many company names have
become verbs three banal moment is
Facebook and Instagram money is ven mode
Travel is ubered these are technologies
many of us use and many of us think we
couldn't live without so a Silicon
Valley democratizing our world and
saving us money or is the new tech boom
is one of our panelists recently
wondered not reaching the masses but
allowing quote people on the lowest
rungs of the 1% to live like their
betters in the point 1%
well today we're gonna find out and as
always we'll break down the issue using
facts figures dollars and cents and I'm
joined by a panel of experts clambering
to answer the question in Silicon Valley
save humanity let's meet them
Farhad Manjoo is the state-of-the-art
columnist for The New York Times he was
formerly writer for slate Wired The Wall
Street Journal and he's a contributor to
National Public Radio
Ron Goodman is the founder and CEO of
healthTap an uber like app for the
healthcare industry that connects
patients with doctors in virtual
consultants and Alice Truong is the
senior Silicon Valley correspondent for
courts she's also a longtime as fast
companies West Coast correspondent and
as a tech columnist for USA Today thank
you for being here welcome all of you
and let's begin with our first topic
starting up but before we do um can I
ask the audience something I assume cuz
we're in San Francisco that everybody
here works in the tech industry can you
just give me a sign and hand if you work
in the tech industry what what
percentage is that probably 50 maybe
maybe more
I think that's 60 percent oh dear let's
bring up our first number entrepreneurs
are twice as likely to report having
stolen something by force as kids Steve
Wozniak who is an early Apple guy this
is a quote from him that was in that
report I think misbehavior is strongly
correlated with and responsible for
creative thought and this this study
also noted that 40% of entrepreneurs are
more likely to have been stopped by the
police I would imagine
these are the kinds of business people
that have more in common with artists
than with you know sort of like the
kinds of people like accountants for
example like you you imagine these
people sort of breaking the rules and
you know hopefully ethically but
sometimes you know not completely
legally like with the question we have
regarding uber you know uber may in
various places break laws but you know
it's it's like breaking an Convention
and doing something that hadn't been
done before let's look at this next
number $3,000
that's the average cost of founding a
start-up and never here that 82% of
start-up funding comes from personal
savings friends and family okay that
leads us to I think sort of an elephant
in the room here in San Francisco this
is kind of a digital divide thing is you
have to be pretty privileged to be able
to start a start-up right I mean you
can't just have a great idea come from
the wrong side of tracks and just walk
into it I mean it seems like everybody's
getting this money from their family
there's a certain funnel uh you know
Silicon Valley has a certain reputation
it's white it's male it's young and I
guess also they they tend have a streak
of rebellion it isn't that that it's
rich white kids
I mean it's changing right so at first
people didn't have access to this
technology and mobile phones have really
changed that right like the people who
didn't have access to the Internet
ten years ago now do in developing
countries in the United States now the
question is are they going to be able to
kind of get into this business
you could look at this problem you know
it in many layers like the the people at
the tech companies will blame you know
the US educational system and they'll
blame like I mean they sort of a point
right but you know you could also say
it's the way they hire well we can ask
Ron how he hires
yeah I think it is where you hire I
think you can solidify an existing
situation the way it is today or it can
be proactive about it and say no I
actually want to have a diverse
workforce for example in the engineering
side we became very proactive about
hiring women engineers and it's not very
easy to find because if you look at in
the schools right in there in the
distribution of like male to female you
see more male but if you look for them
and encourage them then you find them
and then it becomes a thing in the
company and all of a sudden you know
people are looking for that and people
who start looking for you
I think everybody
or 60% of the people raise their hands
when I asked if you worked at a tech
company is this a problem you see anyone
in your own company you you work in tech
I'm a software engineer so when I asked
if there's you know a dearth of women or
minorities you were vigorously shaking
your head um I think we have a lot of
cultures women we have very very small
percentage so there's a great advantage
if you're a female engineer right now
I'm very good job security you do we're
hiring I mean you know it's we make so
many connections here let's look at this
next number here in 2014 companies in
the Bay Area received half of US venture
capital investments in between 2007 and
2012 San Francisco was home to America's
fastest widening income gap I just have
to say I think this is more San
Francisco's fault than the tapestries
fault really
this is a city that like has
consistently refused to build housing
for four decades
you know Seattle has a booming tech
economy and it doesn't have these
problems because they've built housing
this is a problem that most other cities
in the in this country and in the world
would love to have you have this booming
industry that made like change the whole
world that may become sort of like what
finances to to New York you could tax
these companies correctly and like you
know have you have a better
transportation system have better
housing and if San Francisco's sort of
reckoned with that possible future and
built housing and did a lot of other
things that like accommodated the
industry and fought the excesses you
know it would work just some clear
you're saying that despite the fact that
Google is how many billion dollar
company it is now that's the wrong
target and because you know it's not
it's not that way like you'd have more
problems yeah you know people wouldn't
have jobs here people are working here
the economy did not decline to the
extent that most other cities did during
the recession because of these companies
I was you seem a bit skeptical
am i right about that you know fard
makes a lot of really good points it's
true San Francisco is incredibly
expensive the median housing price just
like went past a million dollars the
reason this is the case is because the
salaries are so inflated in San
Francisco this audience aside you know
very small portion of it of the people
who live here actually work in tech
right and so they can't keep up with
with with how expensive the city is does
anyone here have that sort of boiling
roiling hatred inside them at tech
companies right you do me my girlfriend
we live in a room inside of a house and
we're paying 950 a month a room inside
of a room yes with five other bedrooms
and I feel that the bay area I guess
they just assumed that everybody else
has tech salaries in we just we just get
him by a month by month just regular
jobs you think that that tech industries
had migrated to another city rents would
come down your life would be a lot
easier is there anything to this I mean
it's it's possible but a lot of people
in the city would be worse off if that
happened and you know many local
businesses would suffer it seems like
it's unusual for a city to want sort of
economic decline okay let's move on to
this next time over the summer of 2015
two-thirds of Harvard's MBA freshman
class interned at a start-up one more
thing I have to say I looked up the the
internships I didn't know this there
they're paid and they're on average
around $8,000 a month for an internship
well I thought they were free they
probably have to work a lot for that
eight thousand dollars like I imagine
they're working all the time I think in
general it seems like a very stressful
compiler competitive environment that I
mean they're getting paid accordingly
yeah yes they are that's what I'm saying
it's it's not like one of those
internships where you're just getting
coffee being competitive is very very
important right the environment is an
environment that actually promotes
excellence you know and and hard work
but also mission driven people right
we're looking for people that have the
right fit we're looking for people that
actually are excited about what they're
doing they have the skills but they also
have the passion I know it's it seems
like a basic question but looking into
this is incredibly complicated how do I
get a job in tech if I have the skills
and if 600 people are applying for one
job referrals referrals they have to
know the right people again all right so
this is work this is how we create these
classes that never move right well one
thing that's emerging which is funneling
people who are outside
computer science majors are these coding
boot camps that have been popping up all
over the country and more or less teach
you the basics like you know the skills
you need to in like eight weeks and so
you can but you're not gonna get a job
yeah would you hire somebody from one of
those places we know somewhere degree it
was very creative right so I can tell
you stories from now until 2 more about
people that eventually got hired because
they were walking on University Avenue
and they waited there to meet someone
that is working in the company start
having a conversation came inside and
just went to not just in normal channels
so you don't know somebody stop them
yeah yeah definitely creative being to
hang out in front of people's houses
yeah until they hire you be different
right be entrepreneurial yeah I mean one
of the things you can do one of the
things that has been proved successful
is like building your own app boy
they'll buy your app and then you'll
make a lot more than if you got that
internship yeah doing something that
we're looking for that happened to like
someone came to us creating their own
project right saying hey what if you
added this feature to what you're doing
and by the way I build it and maybe you
want to take a look at it all right
let's bring up this next number here
eleven percent that's the share of
private sector jobs created by venture
backed companies I mean you probably
have good researchers but I don't
believe that number sometimes I mean
eleven percent that sounds totally high
especially when you consider that a lot
of the new tech companies hire very few
people like you know whatsapp when it
was purchased by Facebook for 19 billion
dollars I think they had 50 employees
Instagram is much the same right they
had a very very small staff that's the
power software right you can create huge
huge companies that have huge impact
with dozens of people are gonna pause
that for a brief break but we'll be back
in a moment to discuss the truth behind
the share economy here on the business
of life let's get slightly more specific
and let's move on to our second topic
the share economy bring up our first
step forty-three percent of Americans
say that ownership feels like a burden
and four and five believe it's cheaper
to share goods than to own them this is
a bit of a sea change isn't it these
kind of results here eighty-six percent
of people in the survey said that the
sharing economy makes life more
affordable just to take San Francisco
for example it is pretty expensive to
own a car in San Francisco you have to
pay for parking parking
expensive you'll get tickets like and
it's totally inconvenient to like I
would say that uber has changed the way
people get around San Francisco in a
huge way and for a lot of people it's
cheaper than owning a car
has anyone changed their habits you know
away from owning towards sharing Bo
that's cars or whatnot yeah go ahead
so I recently moved and I use like three
apps to move and monetize my closet
which was awesome um so monetize my
closet yes what is that
so it means like make money off of the
stuff you own so going into that I got
that much but you sell old things or
something one of the services I used was
style and um so lets you borrow and lend
clothes so specifically like nice
dresses so I had all these dresses and I
wasn't wearing them so I'm like okay I
can lend them and make money
another one is box B so I was moving and
I needed a store or some stuff and since
I was moving to a smaller room I use box
me at like stores all of your clothes
but all of this stuff sort of existed
before it was just kind of a pain right
you could say it's a difference in
degree but it's actually a kind of a big
thing to be able to find someone to buy
your stuff and like actually sell it you
got money for it that's like a huge
thing all right let's build on that and
bring up this next number in June 2015
2800 French cab drivers took to the
streets to protest uber as a result 70
cars were damaged or destroyed in the
protest Airbnb go down the subway and
every day there was a poster that said
tell the government of New York what you
think about Airbnb oh really do I have
to the argument isn't that crazy it's
sort of compelling in a way they don't
pay tax the hotels do pay tax so I mean
these these upstart apps which are
really impressive in so many ways I mean
should they be allowed to just kind of
do an end run around this regulation
that's been established for these old
guts no I think I need to be a new set
of regulations that will be established
for this kind of business models because
they are adding a lot of value to
society right and in the one hand but we
need to create you know the kind of
regulations that will make sure that you
know all these things are being being in
mind when we are we're and we're
providing them the ability to to do
business but also letting that the
companies that are doing it can
self-regulate by doing a lot
of the star reviews right or the
competition among the providers to make
sure that some of the things that
they're doing at a very high quality as
policed by the consumer or by the user
of these services but also by other
professionals right so one thing that
we're doing is for example is peer
review where doctors are reviewing each
other's answers for quality or each
others consult for quality and making
sure that you are internally very honed
to this particular thing that these
regulators are interested to protect and
you are very proactive about it as a
company to make sure that the quality is
very high the safety is very high all
these things that the regulator will
care about you're proactively taking
care of them in advance can help that a
lot is there anyone that would would be
happy if the government or if a court
said you know we have to rein in uber
one person Wow I would advocate for that
I want the drivers to be recognized as
employees and I want them to have to be
subject to labor laws if they are jobs
where they are making money and
providing for themselves I want them to
have the ability to have benefits to
take breaks I don't want to do PR for
uber but I'm just gonna give you their
counter-argument to this these guys say
that look most of our drivers I think
they have a huge percentage of drivers
that they claim and we're just trusting
them on this that work less than 12
hours a week that most of them are just
you don't have the app in the car they
turn it on they turn it off and they're
not full-time employees and that that
gives them this great sort of advantage
that puts Backstrom money in their
pocket um what do you think of that that
goes back to I think one of the topics
of the conversation today and I don't
trust that Hoover has my best interest
in mind all right anybody disagree with
that um the the the thing that I would
say is like personally like I I kind of
agree with this appoint over there but
at the same time but where does that
stop these people who sign up for Ober
they sign an agreement saying this is
what I'm agreeing to they walk into a
deal knowing what they're knowing what
to expect and what they're gonna receive
far as compensation time off and all
that other stuff but taking the argument
of saying that okay I walked into an
agreement saying that on a contractor
and then now all of a sudden because of
you know Sohn says that oh we should be
hired as employees and received benefits
time off and you know
so on and so forth where does that
argument stop it is this new economy
hurting workers it's really tough to say
and they're there both sides of this
subsequently as a result of you know
more contractors demanding being
recognized as full-time employees some
companies have gone out of business
there was homejoy which was a service or
finding means homejoy
yeah housekeepers actually made to stop
the right term change that that
completely like shuttered because
because of these these changes okay so I
mean we're sort of emblematic of this
whole new economy so let's look at
another stat that involves Hoover
between April and June of 2015
uber accounted for 55% of all business
travel ground transportation traditional
taxis accounted for 43% by and large
technology and let's look globally here
for a second technology making the world
a better place right I mean if you're in
India or if you're in China cell phones
in Africa well yeah I mean if you're in
India or in China like I think that you
can say there's no argument it's making
the world a better place
like if you're here in America and then
you're in the middle class I don't know
you you will get a lot of services that
are cheaper you may also lose your job
yeah I would say that you know you if if
you're working with computers you're
gonna do fine if you're working like in
a job that is kind of battling computers
in some way against computers you may
have trouble but I want to add one more
thing it's not just economics it's not
just about making it cheaper making it
more accessible because it's easier to
get from one place to the other but
sometimes it can save your life because
if a doctor can be there because he
happens to be available in a different
geography right and you can push a
button get in front of them in like five
seconds it can save your life more than
21,000 people send us a note thanking us
for saving their lives that's a lot
there's also the flip side of it
all right in in places like India for
instance where Facebook has like
Internet org and they're providing you
with internet it seems like a very
walled garden experience where you get
to use Facebook and all of the partners
that I decided to like teamed up but
that's the only access you get
the Internet and that's what you that's
what you you experience is that true
yeah it's completely true do you guys
agree with that with that idea that you
know well I mean they are providing a
service and services aren't free it
looks like corporate social
responsibility but actually you're
providing like a gilded cage and if this
is many people's first experience with
the Internet I think it it's a very
sheltered experience and you're
controlling what people are actually
finding and it's not so much the freedom
of information that the internet was
heralded as so so in your and your mind
will be better if somebody had no
internet no I think that's a false
dichotomy you should kind of be over it
with what's happening there's definitely
an exchange happening for getting access
to the Internet it's not just you know
completely benign experience and I'm not
sure that they know this you know we're
talking a lot of it the effect that this
has on consumers and let's look at what
effect it has on old technologies in
2014 Airbnb averaged 425 thousand guests
per night the Hilton Worldwide average
is approximately 350,000 gets per night
who here actually rents their house out
on Airbnb we'll start with that i partly
use it um to pay for my rent which is
kind of ironic and my rent is high like
probably most of you but I predominantly
use Arabi me to get out of the city rent
to for a weekend go camping I like to do
would you mind me asking how much you
rent the apartment for I have a
one-bedroom I paid 2,800 and what do you
rent what do you rented for per night
for a weekend I get about 600 a lot of
people in New York and and in cities
where the rent is extraordinarily high
are using these services actually to
stay in the city is it is it wrong or is
it misguided for the sort of say the de
Blasio administration to go after
something like Airbnb I think it's
reasonable for a city to not want every
housing unit to become a hotel that
seems like within the city's purview
like hotel regulations don't exist to
protect an industry they exist because
like you know neighbors worry about it
like you don't want hourly rentals you
don't want bad things happening and so
and and and so in that in that way
there's a slow simmer on the hour
you much but I wanted like don't force
your morality house but ours a little
too long because you there's the other
side of this you look at which are you
know there's number of people who are
kind of like professional landlords on
Airbnb and as a result these you know I
think San Francisco came out with a
report earlier this year that something
between like one and two thousand units
are not available on the market because
of this right so it's exactly it's
having an effect on the market for just
people coming in to look for a new
apartments yeah it's exacerbating like
the housing crisis should we feel bad
about some of these technologies or sort
of older industries that are being wiped
away I mean I know the sort of creative
destruction the invisible hand the
market is is creating new opportunities
for people but you know is it all wine
and roses I suspect you're gonna say yes
but are they really being wiped away
that's my question right so in these
cases you know that digitizing some of
the availability or the excess capacity
in certain area doesn't necessarily
imply that we're removing under
industries out of the way for example
we're creating new capacity we're
creating new use cases if you look at it
in medicine the opportunity to provide
areas of medicine or use cases that
didn't exist before because you can
connect people and doctors via video you
know opens for us opportunities it just
didn't exist before to create more
capacity for doctors to do things or to
spend less time on things that are
mundane and they're very simple and can
be so very easily remotely and spree up
more of their time to take care of cases
that are more severe and more serious
right it's not necessarily taking away
jobs from them but is focusing the
doctors on things that they actually
require more sophisticated and more time
in order to solve a question or a
comment for the panel hi so my question
is what are some significant risks that
are common to um startups risks in
startups you have a start-up you employ
many people give us an idea at the
essence you know tackling a serious
problem and trying to invent something
new always has risk associated with it
right you need to think about research
associated with the product which is
associated with like you know hiring the
right people you know creating the right
processes creating
the right culture right bringing
together people to do something
meaningful right and all of these things
need to happen at the same time when you
have very few resources available to you
right so you need to think all the time
about all these moving parts and then
putting together in a way that actually
makes sense right so you need to add
value at any given point in time but
still think about what is the overall
impact of what you're creating but also
understanding that you're working with
people you need to keep them happy all
the time right so all of this together
right once you mitigate that you
actually create a great company what
exactly is the difference between a
small business and a start-up I think
that like the difference is scale right
like you wanna a start-up just wants to
be huge and a small business is okay
staying small I think like if you have
ambitions to be you know to serve
everyone in the whole world you're
probably a start-up that's easy when you
do software so like when when you're
doing an app like you don't have any any
aspiration for it to be small right
there's no there's no benefit to being
small because you can serve everyone so
the the question then is like if you're
if you're doing like some kind of you
know something that like depends on like
location or geography I think it's a
it's a fuzzier question then yeah well I
feel enlightened about the world of tech
and about San Francisco but Silicon
Valley and I'd like to thank all of our
panelists for joining us today
far-out Ron and Alice and thank you all
for watching and we'll see you next time
on the business of life
business of life is made possible by
better money habits it's a free resource
that helps you build practical knowledge
and take control of your finances
powered by Bank of America
see more better money habits calm
you
you
