it's Thursday September 17 and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
Indonesian authorities are racing to put
out forest fires causing thick haze in
the region hazardous smoke has blanketed
the country and drifted north towards
Singapore and Malaysia police say
they've arrested more than 40 suspects
in connection with the fires air quality
has dropped to unhealthy levels this
week and for schools to close across
Malaysia hundreds of Indonesian troops
and helicopters have been sent to combat
the blaze Mexico's foreign minister
arrived in Cairo on Wednesday to demand
a deep investigation into why Egyptian
forces accidentally attacked a desert
safari eight Mexicans were among 12
killed in the attack on Sunday this has
been a terrible incident families of the
injured also arrived at a Cairo hospital
to visit with their loved ones Egypt's
top prosecutor has banned all media in
the country from reporting on the
investigation until it's complete
fighting between Boko Haram and
government forces in northern Cameroon
has worsened this year with hundreds of
people killed since January but rights
group Amnesty International says dozens
more have been killed by Cameroon
security forces the organization called
on the government to investigate the
deaths and disappearances of civilians
following raids by security forces
Palestinian families are moving into the
West Bank's first planned community no
ABI is the first green development where
all of the infrastructure is
eco-friendly five families have already
moved into their new apartments the
project was delayed while developers
waited for Israel to grant water access
the town will eventually be home to
40,000 people and create around 5,000
jobs
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
you
