it's Friday September 11 and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
protesters and women's rights activists
have demonstrated against a Saudi
diplomat accused of rape in New Delhi
police are investigating claims that the
diplomat repeatedly raped two Nepali
maids and starved them in his home the
man has claimed diplomatic immunity
which protects him from arrest and
questioning the Saudi embassy has denied
all allegations air pollution in
Singapore has reached its highest levels
in a year smoke from indonesian forest
fires blanketed the city-state and thick
haze on thursday if they're caused by
farmers who use slash and burn tactics
for land cultivation authorities warned
this year's smog could linger well into
November
the bust of a former Soviet leader has
been dug up outside of Berlin the
granite had a vladimir lenin is from a
60 foot tall statue it was buried in a
forest in 1989 after the fall of
communism some local residents say the
sculpture should be left alone
excavators plan to display the head at a
local museum researchers in Boston have
created a system that could cure the
deadly immune response known as sepsis
they coat the tubes of a device with a
new protein that filters out blood-borne
pathogens before they can cause organ
failure we're running the infected blood
from the patient through that so that
the blood that's going back to the
patient is cleansed animal trials showed
the process was more than 99% effective
in filtering out deadly bacteria the
scientists hoped to start human tests in
the near future
check out the Vice News YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
