so behind me is a groundwater drill what
farmers are doing is they're drilling
into the ground to get water because
there's little to no water coming from
snow packs or from lakes and streams and
a normal year farmers usually rely on
groundwater for about 1/3 of the water
supply but now since we're in the fourth
year of the drought farmers are relying
on groundwater for 75% of the water they
use on the farm right now due to the
drought it's unbelievable we can't keep
up with the demand of wells that there
is out there
Steve Arthur of Arthur Orem well
drilling has been drilling in the
Central Valley for over 40 years Steve
says he's been getting more calls for
ground water drilling jobs than he can
handle our wait list right now for all
seven rigs you're looking at right at
around a year maybe a little bit more
how much is it cost for a farmer to set
up an operation like this just for our
part here for this wells gonna be around
two to three hundred thousand dollars
farmers don't have no other option if
they had another option believe me they
would much rather use surface water than
have to spend this kind of money for a
well what would your business look like
if the drought continued for the next
decade to decade it can't continue like
this farmers cannot go at this pace
spending the kind of money they're
spending on these wells it's got to come
to an end sooner or later
you
