it's Thursday September third and hear
some of the news beyond the headlines
nearly 80 primary school students have
fallen ill from consuming tainted food
in northern India the children
complained of stomach pain and vomiting
after eating a free school lunch the
program covers 120 million kids in an
effort to fight malnutrition it's drawn
widespread criticism since 20 students
died last year in a similar food
poisoning incident the first group of
conscripted soldiers have begun their
training in Lithuania they're the first
contingent since a new military draft
went into effect earlier this year
around 500 men and women are learning
the skills needed to join the country's
infantry battalion the army wants to
grow by more than 3,000 recruits
mandatory conscription was banned in
2008 but leaders reinstated it over
fears of Russian aggression the Greek
Coast Guard has intercepted a weapons
shipment bound for Libya the Bolivian
flagged cargo vessel departed from
Turkey and was stopped 20 miles north of
Crete Greek media reported the arms were
on their way to an Islamic state off
shoot in Misrata the United Nations has
imposed an embargo on weapons deliveries
to Libya following years of unrest
between militias and government forces
on Wednesday a Congolese militia leader
known as the Terminator pleaded not
guilty to war crimes at The Hague which
the International Criminal Court has
accused Bosco to conv of conspiring to
expand power for his ethnic group in the
Democratic Republic of Congo he faces 18
charges of crimes against humanity
including rape and the murder of at
least 800 civilians tocando was indicted
in 2006 and evaded capture until he
turned himself in to the authorities in
2013 check out the vice news YouTube
channel for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world it
can't continue like this farmers cannot
go at this pace spending the kind of
money they're spending on these wells
it's got to come to an end sooner or
later right now we're amongst the
highest levels of groundwater depletion
in the world you know there's this myth
of limitless water so we have to dispel
that myth and then plan accordingly
