this protests have brought out the very
marginalized sections of the Liberty
society those who are extremely deprived
we let heroin is a shockingly bad
laburnum I was very
so we're standing in martyrs square this
is the meeting point for the large-scale
protests people are come from all over
the country to show their anger with the
government and its incompetence against
corruption
start with a trash issue has evolved
into a much bigger disappointment with
corruption and lack of government
services this is an unprecedented
protest because people are coming for
the first time Stalin to the streets
irrespective of religious affiliation we
are from different sectors of society
from different age groups from different
regions and we all want the same thing
we want to get rid of this rotten
corrupt system they're stealing all our
money and they're not giving us like the
basic right like electricity water the
garbage of the street we cannot have
them run the country like this
the leash
they're gorgeous and Lebanon I'm not
 you up I don't have any money
you're the ministering I don't what are
you mother website here either na ba
basically like leaving the family by
over there and going to a completely
different scene here it's a lot more
young guys who are like energized were
angry we have a lot - a lot
grievance they feel I think the
government is doing absolutely nothing
for them this is thought out of cygnus
huh yeah I intend to signal a militia
head against them well it headed when is
a shockingly viburnum I was yeah
Oh
so this red line last week the security
forces were lined up here there is
nothing barring the protesters from the
security forces this weekend there are
three layers of barbed wire to prevent
the protesters and security forces from
mixing both the protesters are throwing
things over the barbed wire right
everything trying to get a reaction
because they feel like it will not just
be out government their husband a bit of
a problem when it comes to sort of
organizing and being clear about what
the intentions and the motives for this
are honestly it's not it's not enough
the population can qualify as a popular
that there's going to need to be
violence in order for there to be games
I mean no one thinks violence as a
necessity per se but you have to keep in
mind that this protests have brought out
the very marginalized sections of the
Liberty society yeah those who are
extremely deprived those who are not
concluded and the government policies
those merchandised societies come here
and they face state oppression with
defiance and keep in mind that these
police were trained by the American aid
programs that Lebanon gets from them so
instead of Lebanon getting aid programs
to make the life of everyone better we
get aid programs where the police can be
trained efficiently to control us every
time we dissent that's why people are
angry the problem is that this
government doesn't get that go away
Lebanon is importing from the u.s.
police brutality please training I mean
we saw what happened in Ferguson we see
how many black people are getting killed
every day in the United States so
everyone is pulled out from this
confrontation area and I think they're
moving over here because police forces
are coming onto this side so the new
frontline when you feel like heads move
let's go all right all right all right
right
Gossett's
all right the Wyatt force has broken
into protests area we've already
arrested young kid all right so the post
has just got dispersed the right things
are picking up young kids we're on the
front line and they're arresting them
the riot police is explaining that these
guys are lining up against the walls I
could be sent straight to the Ministry
of Interior they do not want any of us
to be filmed one of the riot police just
put basically roughed up my cameraman
and put a hand over the camera all right
so we got to move because we got strict
instructions that the police are going
to sweep this area we've been arresting
people on the street there's a lot of
there's a lot of riot please complete
closed office areas filled to replace
basically the protesters who were there
a few protesters were still on the other
side but I think that they're gonna be
pushed out
