when Moe has launched for a second
season in May it was pretty much the
only game in town private initiative
probably can come up with ideas and
concepts faster than the EU government
can Robert Young Pelton is a writer
steering moez PR campaign he's
contributed some stories to Vice in the
past and is the founder of migrant
report which tracks the movement of
migrants across the Mediterranean the
volume is startling to Europe because
they're just now starting to see
thousands and thousands of people in the
sea so it's an education process for
Europe and it's not gonna stop and
that's why it's such a touchy subject
for European politicians the fact is
immigration is unpopular do you see you
know governments may be hiring mo ass or
groups like it to take the political
risk off of their hands so that the
rescue goes to professionals and provide
it as a service yeah I think I think the
way things should work is that
individuals should look at something and
say I can fix that and then secondly
people other individuals should look at
that and say I like what he's doing I
think governments are the tail end of
the decision chain governments are risk
adverse governments look at polls
they're not about to go out in the limb
and do something arbitrarily what he's
doing is very humanitarian so there's a
difference between saying oh I want to
end malaria so I'm gonna spend millions
of dollars coming up with ideas but you
don't end malaria he's actually saving
people's lives so last year there's
3,000 people on this planet that will
exist this year that may not have
existed last year so direct action is
really the most fundamental force for
change you know people look at that and
say wow you know that guy thinks deeply
enough about that to commit his own
resource or funds we're gonna slowly
take you about 10 at a time over to the
other ship okay
