so there's illegal hotels here which are
called quat ideas because cuartos is a
room so it's just basically rooms for
rent I mean there's nothing legal about
these places they have they meet
absolutely no standards papadoumian
kiosk we're Maggie
Komachi cuento cierren la puerta
opponent amounting Moonen condos in
million trees who you say level ketamine
so mama perro deeper here okay me Mario
Savannah
hola where's our did no place already
got a note any Lajoie it's really
horrible
I mean if there was a fire or anything
happened these kids would die unless
they managed to break the walk someone
managed to break the lock but apparently
there's already been accidents here the
little girl wants to get out and it's
extremely hot so they're just locked
there in this extreme heat short time
later the mother of the kids locked up
in the room arrived account requests at
one less Amana Familia cuanto dinero
formula guarana the de cuando basically
you
