it's Wednesday August 19 and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines Indian
security forces have seized more than a
hundred thousand bottles of smuggled
cough syrup the medicine was headed for
neighboring Bangladesh where it's banned
the syrup is commonly used as a
recreational drug in the predominantly
Muslim country because alcohol is
outlawed there
it's the third major seizure along
India's northeast border in the past
month the Japanese public got a view of
its country's growing military power on
Tuesday hundreds of spectators watched
tanks and helicopters fire at targets
during a military drill near Mount Fuji
one exercise included recapturing an
island occupied by enemies Prime
Minister Shinzo Abe a has pushed through
measures that could send troops to fight
overseas for the first time since World
War two thousands of ancient artifacts
from across Syria have been moved to
safety in Damascus battles between
rebels and government forces have
damaged four of the country's world
heritage sites Islamic state militants
destroyed dozens of funeral busts at
Palmyra earlier this year treasures that
survived the fighting have been sold on
the black market the UN estimates that
around 1,500 artifacts have been looted
and hundreds of historical buildings and
sites have been damaged in Syria's
ongoing civil war two women have become
the first female soldiers to pass the US
Army's elite Ranger training course 400
men and women began the two-month
regiment in April but only 96 graduated
the training teachers soldiers how to
overcome fatigue hunger and stress in
combat operations this is the first year
women were allowed to participate after
President Obama reversed the military's
policy of banning women in combat
check out the Vice News YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
there should be a sort of a long term
policy that says that most of the EU
countries or all of the you countries
should be taking you know a proportion
of the asylum seekers who come in
because it really isn't fair if only one
or two countries have to share that
burden what's the point of having a
union if you don't share each other's
problems
