here are a few political cliches you've
probably heard recently the rich control
an increasingly large piece of the
economic pie they are paying their fair
share if we increase taxes our economy
will become uncompetitive like France so
we're paying too much and getting too
little in return or our the one-percent
paying too little widening the gap
between rich and poor
it's our subject tonight the US tax code
in Charlotte North Carolina this is the
business of life
hello I'm Michael Moynihan and welcome
to the business of life coming to you
this week from Charlotte North Carolina
and anecdote for you I once covered an
election in the European country one of
the very generous welfare state in which
the Conservative candidate vowed to not
lower taxes things are different here in
the United States it's a national sport
to complain about taxes for presidential
candidates to promise tax cuts and for
us regular citizens to hate the sinister
IRS but look at opinion polls we say
that we want lower taxes and smaller
government but we also demand a generous
government so should the rich pay more
or are we already overburdened with
local state and federal taxes well today
we're going to find out and as always
we'll break down the issue using facts
figures and dollars and cents I'm joined
by a panel of experts clamoring to
answer the question should we change the
US tax code let's meet them Ben
Castleman is the chief economics writer
for fivethirtyeight.com or he writes
about taxes income inequality in
education he was previously a reporter
at The Wall Street Journal Lee Shepard
is a contributing editor at tax nodes
and was recently named one of the 50
most influential players in
international taxation by International
Tax Review there's a lot of taxes and by
the way the New York Times said that you
resemble a nostalgic if high-end punk
rock grouping do you remember that he
said that about you all right well one
more thing there are two people in this
panel we usually have three but because
of the weirdness of Airlines and the
vicissitudes of weather and things like
that we're missing one and one is
somewhere in the air but she might come
and when she does we're going to welcome
her with open arms and we're gonna see
her at the panel and she's gonna jump
into it but we're gonna jump into it
right now so let's begin with our first
topic paying your taxes something that
all of you I hope are doing and our
first number 90 percent the amount of
taxes owed that the US government
collected in 2010 in Greece poor Greece
that number was just 53% why does our
tax rate sort of you know nice compared
to these crazy European services to
Europe or tricky right because in
general the countries are vastly smaller
tend to be especially the Nordic
countries where they have a really
strong welfare state those tend to be
very homogenous countries right trying
to instill that system in a country of
300 million people a very diverse
country a much younger country and yes
of age of our citizens so the number
that you put up here about Greece versus
the US and paying taxes I think is
really interesting because in addition
to the tax systems being different
then within Europe you have a few
countries like Italy and especially like
Greece where people don't pay the taxes
right they have high rates of tax but
they don't pay them and I think what's
critical to understand there is once
that starts it becomes very difficult to
reverse right if everybody pays their
taxes and you don't then you're a
freeloader
yeah if nobody pays our taxes and you do
you and your sucker the two significant
events for us in taxes Vietnam
and going off the gold standard but also
Reagan Reagan before a lot of these
audience were born
told the middle class in America that
they were overtaxed they weren't they
aren't you know they're they they they
were getting not even paying for the
full set of governments benefits that
they're getting but ah this was believed
and it changed the tax landscape forever
and fundamentally if you don't believe
that your tax system is fair you're a
lot less likely to pay your taxes and so
when we start to hear now people saying
oh the rich aren't paying their fair
share I'm over tax I think you could
start to see people saying why I'm not
I'm not just being a freeloader here I'm
paying only what I owe let's look at
this next number point zero one sense
that's the added tax on soda sold in
Berkeley California as passed by a 2014
ballot initiative the amount of beverage
industry spent to fight the initiative
two hundred and thirty eight dollars per
vote they weren't successful has anyone
actually done that does anyone change
behavior because of some tax on
something you have yeah I bought a Prius
on because gas taxes here were higher
than where I grew up in South Carolina
and I was like oh this up saving a lot
of money over time it's been saving me
like five thousand dollars versus the
old car that I had this is the concept
of nudge of nudging people's behavior
not banning thing
is nudging people through taxation out
of bad behaviors does it work and should
we do it in Mexico they are taxing junk
foods and things like that it is working
it will work if you've got like people
whose people who are operating at
tighter margins like $14 a peck is not
going to stop a well-off person from
smoking the main reason you want to be
doing this kind of a tax is is is
behavior modification not revenue if
you're getting revenue you're doing
something wrong we tax labor right yeah
that's hiring we tax a lot of things
that we don't want to discourage now we
you're not gonna be able to replace the
income tax with the cigarette tax right
not enough people smoke and I fell to
raise enough money that way but all
taxes work this way they discourage
whatever it is that they're taxing it's
important to start thinking about taxes
in that way you gotta get low
paternalistic when you're running a
government you know you gotta basically
say look you know I don't want you
riding without a helmet because you know
you're gonna die and then you impose
costs on society and we want to save
people from themselves - all right let's
look at this next number 102 million
that's the total amount the state of
Colorado has collected in taxes fees and
licenses on a marijuana since June of
2014 and by way of comparison the annual
amount the state of Texas collects from
undocumented workers 1.6 billion dollars
this strikes me as a kind of small
number 102 million dollars because the
taxes are high does this actually put
dealers out of business because they
don't have to pay taxes if you buy it
straight from people who are selling it
before there's numbers that show that
you buy marijuana from your old dealer
it's cheaper but your old dealer is
technically liable for federal income
taxes and things like that I mean I have
a person shaking his head the criminal
activity is not taxable it is taxable
it's in our tax code really it always
don't look at me I don't know we had a
only wonderful case in the United States
Tax Court where the the IRS had tried to
tax a dealer on his gross income and he
went to court and proved up his costs
and the tax court said okay fine you can
deduct your costs and then Congress had
to change the law to say that drug
dealers can't deduct their costs
vocalize the headshake well the reason I
was shaking my head because uh that's
not quite the way drug dealing works I'm
not sure not worried about oh the feds
are gonna give me for taxes and I know
that's what Al Capone and a lot of drug
dealers go for but I'm not sure that's
on the high list of priorities huh the
feds are going to give me four Texas
Tech's comes in I mean it doesn't come
in at the front end because people who
are dealing are not paying their taxes
but at the back end
yeah that's it's on the charge sheet and
a lot of times it's the only one that
goes I think you're right that nobody's
actually worrying about this but the
response is they probably should be
but I got making money on the side who
has a job maybe selling twenty thousand
dollars worth a weed a year can he not
have that a little more discreetly plan
now you're just asking for advice
there's nothing that says if you can
hide it doesn't mean it's taxable you
know the law does say that all you know
income is taxable so one of the
interesting challenges now as it's
starting to be legalized is how do you
set the taxing right because if you tax
at a hundred percent right you double
the price
people are gonna keep going to the black
market right they'd rather you know this
is cheaper but people will probably be
willing to pay a little bit more to be
confident they're not gonna get in
they're not gonna get in trouble right
so the question is like what is that you
don't need to tell you don't need to
break taxes zero
you don't need can't tax it 100% 200%
where's that level and nobody knows
right now let's look at this next number
104 pages the length of instructions to
the 1040 form this year in nineteen
forty two pages that's a lot that's a
lot so here's what happens in politics
and you know this everybody left right
and center a Democrat independent
Republican from Bernie Sanders to Ted
Cruz I could probably get them to say we
should simplify the tax code
why does it not happen for most of you
and for me the tax system is not that
complicated the average person fills out
a 1040ez spends five hours in the whole
year doing their taxes that includes the
time collecting the records all the rest
of it
the reason it's complicated in part not
exclusively but in part is because
TurboTax is lobbying to keep it that way
well but also we deliberately over
withhold because for most regular people
you know your tax form is put the w-2
number here sign it at the bottom here's
your refund and your refund is quite a
high number it's like the reward for
filing this form every time somebody
tells you excited they are about their
refund yeah you just gave a tax free
loan to the government for the past year
you're just like ruining all my fun I
find out that like TurboTax is running
the world and that I'm just given the
government thank you invited an
economics writer in a tax / this is sort
of my house isn't it well I have a sort
of complimentary number here and let's
look at this next number 83.9% that's
the total share of income taxes paid by
the top fifth of us wage earners in 2014
the share paid by the bottom fifth
negative 2.2 percent that's not really
paid obviously they're getting triggers
back who is sort of broadly aware that
this was true yeah yeah like if you take
the top like 1% what percentage of the
entire sort of tax revenue are they
paying
okay high salary pay a lot okay they
don't account for all of the 1% there
are a lot of high salaried executives in
the 1% paying a lot of tax on those
salaries but in the 1% you also people
who live off wealth who live off capital
gains and tax exempt bonds and get all
those various benefits we have for
investments and some of them are not
paying a whole lot this is like Warren
Buffett saying I'm paying a lower rate
than my secretary there's a whole lot of
special rates for investment type II
things but the salaried people yeah does
the high salary to pay a bundle first of
all the top 20% of earners pay 80% of
taxes but the top 20% also earned 50% of
the money
secondly this is federal income tax
right are the rest of our tax code is a
lot less progressive than that
and when you lump in state and local
many of those taxes are pretty
regressive or it certainly are
progessive like the income tax system it
ends up getting a lot closer to their
share of income we do still have a
progressive tax system that's sort of
built into our whole notion but it's not
as 20/80 makes it sound like a much
bigger just can it possibly be that no
you know if the tax rate goes up to 90
percent or 80 percent that this doesn't
have an effect on on growth and does
that effect on the job market and labor
market or all sorts of these others
there is a big difference between the
way that we we tax a doctor who makes a
lot of money
a lawyer who makes a lot of money right
but is still sort of this normal income
that gets taxed at you know a top rate
of almost 40% and a investment manager
who gets paid probably much much more
money yeah and this is how Buffett can
make less than a secretary I I want to
say that this woman has endured
something that I would never wish upon
my worst enemy Dorothy a brown is a
professor of law at Emory University and
the nationally recognized scholar in tax
policy and is published extensively on
the racial implications of federal tax
policy welcome Dorothy thank you being
here let's go to our second topic not
paying your taxes and let's bring up
this first number and again like the
first one we're not advising you not to
pay taxes two hundred and fifty thousand
dollars that's the price of a saint
kitts in nevus passport the tax rate on
income and capital gains in st. Kitts
and others zero can I ask the audience
does it even currently pay taxes in
another country anyone has anyone
actually at some time in their life paid
taxes in another country no the guy who
created this company they've created a
company to get you passports for st.
Kitts and Eva's very very nice I think
it's very nice two billion dollars in
one year selling passports two billion
dollars I mean that's a lot of money but
a lot of people go in a lot of different
places a lot of tax competition are we
losing a ton of money we are not losing
as much as the Europeans are losing from
this either on the individual side or
the corporate side our tax code says
that business income that you earned in
a foreign country you don't have to pay
u.s. tax on it right off the bat a US
income from the same business earned in
the United States you have to pay tax on
it the big reason we went is labor costs
but why are we rewarding companies for
doing something that we don't really
want them to do this is where I get to
make the argument that's really popular
among economists and really unpopular
among everybody else which is that we
shouldn't have corporate taxes and right
so this is buoy well get to so corporate
profits right one of two things is gonna
happen with that either it gets invested
into into the company right to hire more
people to expand the business or it gets
given back to shareholders and we should
be taxing them right anyone attacks rich
people don't tax rich people by taxing
companies tax rich people there are so
many loopholes but we do have one of the
highest corporate tax rates in the world
right but very here's a Fayette
yes so we have this high this high rate
on paper that then companies don't pay
but it's not like it's evenly
distributed as many companies they don't
pay taxes they may pay zero taxes in
many cases yeah and then the mom-and-pop
businesses end up paying more tax they
pay that high rate which is the argument
again for why get rid of the corporate
tax and tax it at the the dividend level
right let's look at our next number
two-fifths of Americans do not pay any
income tax whatsoever and two and three
Americans pay more in payroll tax than
they do in federal income tax what's
going to explain this to us it's called
the Earned Income Tax Credit but but
they have heard about it remember Mitt
Romney's 47% yeah they may have
dismissed it but that actually was an
accurate number yeah because I know you
heard it here first
okay so you MIT Romney Mitt Romney was
right about one thing
47% there's a lot of you who don't pay
tax right now it's 40% now for because
of the Earned Income Tax Credit which
was designed to compensate low income
workers for the level of social security
taxes they pay as well as the income
taxes so the next figure that talked
about two-thirds that talks about social
security taxes are huge on low income
wage earners yeah so they're not
escaping later you know who these forty
percent all right two-thirds of them are
pings are paying payroll taxes right
most of the rest are retirees yeah right
they don't have much income coming in
and then the only people who are left
over are the genuinely poor
is this balance right I would like
everybody to be with us whither with a
wedge to be in the income tax even for a
penny I don't want high taxes on them
but I want them to be in for a penny
because that's the relationship with
government that's they have a stake in
the spending I don't agree with it if
you're poor you need that penny you
don't need the government to have that
penny that's why we have the Earned
Income Tax Credit it's a reward work but
to not make it so onerous the percentage
of earning cut ax credit recipients who
use tax return preparers is higher than
the rest of us because it's that
freaking complicated studio nine percent
of people who qualify for the Earned
Income Tax Credit
don't take it yeah why is that not a
political winner by the way to say let's
be true by at least what it replaced we
repealed welfare okay we we shrank it
and what we're doing is we're delivering
social financial type benefits through
the tax code
there's a GAO study that looked at what
happened to eat I see returns when it
got to the IRS CEO ITC become taxing
okay I just see you lost me there I'm
like I was just from an acronym an
artist a credit that looked at what
happened once I got to the IRS looked at
what happened when somebody who had a
tax return preparer did it looked at
what happened when you didn't have a
chance from preparer and they found
everybody screwed it up everybody the
IRS the taxpayer is a tax return
preparer because it's that complicated
let's look at this next number ninety
four billion dollars is the reported
profits of US corporate subsidiaries in
Bermuda Bermuda's GDP in 2012 five point
five billion dollars now the London
Times about four or five months ago to a
series of front-page stories on a number
of very famous British people they were
singers they were these boy bands idiots
that make lots of money all of them were
cheating on their taxes and they were
using this kind of intersting language
but what was acknowledged in every piece
is what they were doing was legal do you
want to get back to the corporations or
talk about the boy bands because I like
both to cheating
look cheating your taxes in Britain is a
a lot easier than it is it from the
United States okay but items that
specific to Bermuda is insured
reinsurance income our law allows that
we have an excise tax on the premiums
the real concern is the big companies
that put intellectual property in
holding companies that are paper
companies in Bermuda and then they pay
profits from all over the world into
Bermuda as royalties the United States
is not particularly upset if it's an
American company and the profits are
coming out of the rest of the world and
they're not paying much text of the rest
of the world all right let's bring up
this next number five point eight
billion dollars the amount the IRS paid
out in fraudulent refunds in 2013 also
see that they matter they prevented in
fraud totals twenty four point two
billion dollars and that's a ton of
money who's doing this
well the twenty four point two billion
folks they're not doing it that well
right because they're getting caught
yeah pretty easily
the five point eight on the other hand
you know there's a question for ya
and part of the problem is Congress has
taken away money that would enable the
IRS to go after more fraudulent returns
so the miracle is given the little they
have to work with that they caught
twenty four forty two billion the IRS
collects something like one and a half
trillion dollars in income tax right so
five point eight billion dollars in
fraud now I guarantee you there's who is
that actually is actually a low number
relative much is a low percentage you
know I do think that that gets back to
the where we started right about
Americans basically paying the taxes of
their own we do have that cultural
expectation and I think that if we erode
the sense of fairness then there'll be a
lot more people who try to get away with
one because they won't see it as an
ethical problem they might be concerned
about the legal repercussions but most
people who pay their taxes aren't really
doing it cuz they think they're gonna
get caught ninety percent of what we
collect we withhold from wages on wage
and we fight about the other ten percent
Tippett should we be taking deductions I
actually would like to get rid of almost
all deductions let me be clear all
deductions and pretty much all
exclusions and bring the tax rate down
maybe ten percent why would you want to
bring the tax pick right down ten
percent I want more money in people's
hands to spend how they want
for example two-thirds of Americans do
not itemize deductions they take the
standard deduction why do we have
itemized deductions the one-third who
takes deductions it is right my income
is higher income people and most members
of Congress yeah a lot of those
deduction Congress a lot of abductions
are also distortionary in different ways
right we encourage people to buy bigger
homes and they really need we don't tax
employer-provided health insurance right
which then encourages or pensions which
encourages companies to divert more
money in that direction rather than in
putting cash in your pocket does anyone
want to tell me what they think
constitutes rich what do you think sort
of constitutes rich I think rich is
somebody who has over a million dollars
so you wouldn't say somebody that makes
a salary of three hundred thousand
dollars a year you wouldn't say they
were a rich person I wouldn't say if
they were rich but I would say they
definitely have money I'm surprised by
this I think that's a lot of money I
think I paid for this you see I'm
walking off right now I will raise a
raised voice no this is why politicians
like to talk in percentages right so the
top 5% right the cut off there is about
$200,000 right the top 1% is more like
450,000 right top 2% I think is
somewhere around 300 when you talk about
taxing the 1% or toxin to 5% you're
gonna hit a lot of people who think of
themselves as not rich as upper middle
class as affluent right and the people
in this room think of that way but
here's the reality if you want to lower
taxes on the middle class or you want to
really raise a lot of money you have to
hit those people you can't do it just
taxing the point oh one the millionaire
billionaire tight the 1/10 of 1% the
truly rich and that's how much
multi-millions yeah half of Americans in
households 11:50 half over 50 to this
million dollars is hundred thousand hat
median $50,000 I'm rich again okay
large salaries large wealth is earned in
high tax places it's earned in it's
earned on the coasts in this country
it's earned in Europe let's get to this
next number which sort of feeds into
that 67 percent that's the number of
Americans who want a budget that quote
closes corporate tax loopholes and
limits
experts for the wealthy that 67% really
don't have much to say about it when
there's there's large companies and and
and rich people you know lobbying
Congress all the time we know that most
individual political you have to
bipartisan fingers I yes it's totally
bipartisan why don't agree with that I
don't because I'll give one example you
want to talk about tax breaks for the
wealthy the estate tax or what the
Republicans called the death tax you've
got a Democratic House a Democratic
Senate you're not even talking about
repealing the estate tax so here's why I
think the estate tax ends up being such
a significant issue and I think it
really speaks to what everybody was
talking about when they were asked what
is rich and listen what people said they
mostly pointed not to an income they
pointed to an amount of money that they
have right if you've got a million
dollars if you've got five million
dollars we recognize that what makes you
rich is not how much money you made this
year is how wealthy you are and the
estate tax right that is what ensures
that if my daddy was rich that I'm
likely to be rich too but a big piece of
that is he can hand me his money with
very little tax even under our current
estate tax right very little of that
ends up getting tax this is a lot to
take in um you know it's a very very
divisive issue I have looked around and
I have seen an audience that is nodding
vigorously that is shaking their heads
vigorously kind of like pouting too so
let's get to you and have you asked your
questions of the panelists and comments
you know Michael we always hear about
these fat cats on Wall Street taking all
the tax breaks I'm interested to know
are there any tax breaks that are
happening for the families of
working-class citizens itemize
deductions mortgage interest charitable
contributions state and local income
taxes is there a meaningful way of
somebody who met is in that sort of
$50,000 $60,000 is there a way that they
can sort of meaningful like in a in a
significant way shrink their tax bills
you know what you can do to reduce your
tax bill if you are earning $50,000
$60,000 is you can put your money in
your 401k retirement and that is
absolutely something that you should be
doing if you are lucky enough to work
for a company that has issues yes to
match the man not like money on the
table money on the dole anybody
yes yes III have never saved today and
if you can avoid I'm stop that right now
sometimes you show depress medicine for
terminal don't reduce your tax life
absolutely and it's in its investment
assets that you know you can build
wealth in your retirement plan listen to
this say no brainer who else has a
question for the average person of my
generation corporate loopholes are kind
of like twerking to a senior citizen
where they don't really know what it is
yet and they haven't really figured it
out these people probably don't want
businesses to go overseas as well so I
guess if you cut corporate loopholes
well that also in turn send businesses
businesses overseas as well the ones
that are paying zero are the ones where
the centerpiece of the business is some
kind of intellectual property so that's
tech and pharma and they are able to
shift in come to places like Bermuda and
most of the income they're not paying
taxes on is the foreign income
manufacturers didn't pay a lot of taxes
utilities don't pay a lot of taxes I
mean we have businesses that we kind of
explicitly favor and that's not entirely
bad thing and they will say if you get
rid of this loophole and will shut down
the factory then we'll stop drilling the
wells or will drill them somewhere else
we'll take this business elsewhere
and if you're a congressman one you
don't want to lose out on the campaign
donations and two you don't want to be
the one who has to explain to your
constituents why the factory closed yeah
so you're terrified you you're terrified
all right well as always on the business
of life I come away from this knowing a
lot more than I went in and I hope you
did too like to thank all of our
panelists for helping us do that the
heroic Dorothy Ben and Lee and thank you
all for watching and we'll see you next
time on the business of life
business of life is made possible by
better money habits it's a free resource
that helps you build practical knowledge
and take control of your finances
powered by Bank of America see more that
our money habits calm
you
