nobody's terribly happy about the fact
that there are thousands of migrants
trying to come across the Mediterranean
into the European Union but there's one
far-right politician in Malta who really
hates them he's even accused them of
trying to bring a bowler onto the island
we're meeting him at his favorite haunt
because he said no Zionist media allowed
in his home you see that if the vast
continent Africa so fast and empty empty
laden with resources what the hell do
you thought I want to come to Malta for
Norman Lowell is the leader of Malta's
Imperium Europa party he's a white
supremacist but before you get too
worked up his party's never want to see
in any election and he wants to
terraform Mars now you've never won a
seat in any election and you've run
three times and never really gotten more
than around one percent so most Maltese
have more sympathy than you for the
plight of the migrants from a thousand
years of Christianity of course the
church started this Pope business we're
all brothers and we're in Jesus name and
all that nonsense what do you think of
the foreigners who've set up a project
here it's called moas they've brought a
boat Teresa to rescue migrants reason
they're actually aiding and abetting the
destruction of this Island through a
demographic catastrophe they are not
migrants they're illegal immigrants so I
saw them what would a strong leader in
your view do about the issue what would
you do about the issue I'd stop them at
14 miles of course would have stopped
them mean let's stop that means you put
a gunboat and block them physically from
proceeding north turn them back if
you're in a rubber dinghy and you're not
rescued at sea that's a death sentence
what
have to do that isn't it the problem is
when they come here to congested island
and entertained and lower the standards
to their standards because these people
your standards would you call yourself a
racist a racialist there's a hell of a
difference a racist hates other other
races a racist as a racist and a
racialist I love my country and I love
that my ethnicity I've seen a photograph
of you in front of a flag that's very
reminiscent of the Nazi flag you know
it's red it's got a white circle in the
middle instead of the swastika it's got
the Maltese Cross oh yes
are you a Nazi that flag actually that
flag consists of two bus tickets not one
ah so you double the Nazi no no we chose
that because of course it reminds us of
that epyck see Asian 1565 or something
and the colors are Nazi or no not see me
yes no I'm not that nothing that ISM is
passe it was all right at the time
