doing afina gonna show us some kind of
signaling techniques that they use we've
got the holes there and another just
kind of plain you know all games this
kids do is Boy Scouts do in the forest
just dressed up you know I mean from
Brandon what's going on with the car
says dissident republicans and probably
junior terrorists or whatever you want
to call i can study the history of war
and they know that there's only one way
that you can get the Britain to leave
oil and that is through their physical
force campaign as long as the bridge to
remain here they are gonna shoot their
own more innocent civilians so basically
what we have to get to him a to be don't
be in scene I heard say V the front man
with Kiba Zoey and everything that's
going on ahead of them so we're gonna
meet me over at this way now so what if
the Brits come
that's the fee in a handbook that's deal
it's a copy of the original book we're
actually all Dana because it's very old
like so we're actually hanging out
present to be a member of novena means
that you have to forward yourself to the
service of Orland and that you'll
destroy with all your mind and strength
and energy to carry out that promise you
made when you became a member in
addition he will receive this is all now
in addition he will receive a military
training and should strive to become so
proficient that when or in the near told
us he to take an important place in the
for you de million you guys are in
support of like the continuity IRA right
some people class terrorists I mean
there is that side of it I mean how can
you how can you kind of like
differentiate between those and you know
what the fina do we recognize spacely
the continuity army council of the ORS
Republican Army
we don't say here here's it going and
they're gonna it go off and they were
just well not like that
get in that I'm knocking into people's
when it's a wrong or disabled got the
wrong things in turn I'm willing to
forget me do you really believe in your
heart this will within your lifetime you
will see like an independent Ireland boy
believe if you will to you know
inaudible it's gonna be a very long and
hard road theater theater where Mac Mac
shot hey hey hey hey hey what's the boys
are passionate about Irish republicanism
it was hard to see how their Bush
training could one day lead to an armed
rebellion or why authorities might
consider them terrorists
that was it uncle tell you know that
voice what I didn't what's it will take
a mental picture over anyway
