on the 3rd of June the Ukrainian control
town of maryinka came under attack by
the DNR was the first sort of major
assault on Ukrainian position since the
ceasefire started in February we're on
the way to the trench line system
controlled by the Opera battalion at the
DNR to get their version events on what
happened on June the 3rd these trenches
are the closest DNR lines to the town
there are only 200 metres away from each
other
those of you know Connecticut Florida ok
it's good for my no value for your
visual nah it's not phenom Robotech so
checked or any mulch in neutral shades
it is 3 ok oh boy I mean the mutant not
a very easy to capture data from the
beholder meter so Motiti which is so
cool what did happen on the 3rd of June
later just Abu just took it with
proselytization green scar me blah
contra taka mullet ocean history prima
net its artillery any toca panache and
position for me ring medium 3 media
catchy your physics our senior image it
snows
Crippler Sokka operates the the would
eat eat pasta inany profit 0 when he
took on open da nasha Tamara an
accomplished in whistling 15 in which
this buti'm tapas pushed three key
values
Eugen means country moon move respond
via the bushes cause kill me Ducato
researches Nebojsa Tom Miller on your
good opinion
a little foreboding field of education
the operetta soldiers say they've seen
some movement at some Ukrainian vehicles
so they're asked is to pull away from
the the trenches at the front the Kiev
one battalion are driving us to some of
their forward positions they've told us
to put our body armor on because
basically this part of the town is
shelled throughout the day so Rob what
exactly happened on June the 3rd when
the DNR attacked this town but that is a
conceit America no for a slowpoke
riplinger you miss a necessary enemy we
believe no sir
this was familias rapist insensitive
donkey by Billy Nolan was not a nice
time you drove up they claim that it's a
response to Ukrainian artillery fire
what actually happened it is national
public applause 2% of that world no I
checked this was a failure due to ticket
uncle Napoleon on a pro roof a brownie
you can hear the sound of shelling when
the DNR attacked this town they use
grads according to the Ukrainians trying
to hit an army position near the road
but the grads some of them fell short
and hit in this residential district
here typically no you missed a smart
solution
give us a sign here on Ausmus quick
follow-up you buy the home with almost
beat amazing Hypno's
yeah but you ski when you know so when
the separatists attacked the town they
took a number of the buildings inside
the town including this police station
and so the Kyiv armed forces and the
army had to storm it to take it back in
the process it's been destroyed
another ionic bond treat accessibility
huh when you coaching but she continued
why do you think they lost so many men
in the attack but most of my buddy
Allison municipality refactor thoroughly
Fortran easly sucess economy was I mean
Pahlavi Puli
it was really an irrigated transition on
life life and yeah so when you be at
risk
the Cobra still incredibly put Portugal
millibar the manager how long did the
fire fight last chef Jemil didn't take
long to destroy the burning meaning
under there that's that flag we saw this
man here is going to take us to his
house which he says was shelled and is
also now being used as a firing position
by the Ukrainian forces here he doesn't
seem too happy about it
do you see how the shrapnel is torn into
the wall what happens first Alice but we
let them walk now via a Buddhist
Matariki balls very what Garvey Watts
Matariki a tautology ha kadosh kadosh
Bhangra what way to not retinoid
military dorm equation 3 DOMA as bill
that was a yet another conscious
