it's Monday August 17 and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines
the former Iraqi Prime Minister could be
brought to court in connection with the
rise of the Islamic state Nuri al-maliki
was indicted on Sunday by a
parliamentary panel for his role when
the northern city of Mosul was captured
by militants the report blames top
generals and politicians for infighting
and a lack of troops that led to the
take over the fall of Mosul was a major
turning point for the Islamic state to
seize large chunks of territory in deep
in Pakistani troops exchanged gunfire
and mortar rounds along the disputed
Kashmir border on Sunday at least eight
people were killed and 17 wounded
shelling near the highly militarized
border has lasted for more than a week
the two countries have intensified
clashes before top security officials
meet next week in New Delhi thousands of
South Korean protestors have held an
anti-war rally to mark the end of World
War two and Japanese colonial rule some
held signs and chanted slogans opposing
the military alliance between South
Korea and the United States others
marked the end of Japanese rule over
Korea by burning pictures of Prime
Minister Shinzo Abe a the legacy of the
war still haunts relations between the
two countries 70 years later
Brazilians took to the streets of Rio de
Janeiro on Sunday for a day of
nationwide anti-government protests
thousands marched along Copacabana beach
calling for the resignation of President
Dilma Rousseff her popularity has had
record lows as the economy sinks amid
rising inflation Rousseff said she won't
resign despite calls for impeachment
from some opposition members in Congress
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
una cosa puta ver que trata de la zona
we anima che chicken kia ora non firmata
ancora continue our antique want to see
ready gentle Mourinho bambina came
Mourinho
