bonanno's transyl affair Marling's
quantum Oreo no mission otaku mr. bendy
wench in Croatia
Brinn Sicily were built with hundreds of
rescued migrants refugees has just
stopped 55,000 people have arrived to
Italy through this route mainly from
Libya so far this year and many of them
have paid people traffickers to get here
the eretrians nigerian says Sudanese who
had been rescued from overpacked inglese
had - after days at sea go through the
lengthy regular boat landing process
involving medical checks and
identification because they had paid
people traffickers to get to Italy the
police were there waiting to arrest
suspected smugglers
where are you from the police officer
told us that the Coast Guard does the
first job of trying to identify who
might be smugglers by asking the people
that they rescued if there any witnesses
and then they separate the witnesses
with the smuggler suspects in the eyes
of the law a smuggler is anyone from the
big bosses of the trafficking rings in
Libya and beyond to the guys at the very
bottom of the network who drive the
boats investigation or take them
you come
you might get a chill on Yahoo the
suspected smugglers told us that they've
been forced at gunpoint to drive the
boats it was unclear if their claims
were true but people like them are the
only ones that the authorities are able
to arrest the suspects were driven to
the nearby potala reception center but
the others who had arrived that day were
also taken
the first office for investigation squad
Amamiya this team of investigation that
hope is for immigration and that office
for identification
okay here we have the page of the people
stay in in the center they arrived three
days ago okay they arrived in mind stay
here just ten person because today we
move 300 person from here in another
Center okay because we know that in
afternoon arrived another four and four
have four hundred and half person he
arrived here Maya the people you call
today are potentially just the sort of
lowest level of people's members they're
just a guy that the big ring send out
how difficult is it to actually catch
the big the big fish like the actual
smuggling networks every day the poly
tallien police catch the big the big
fish we have operation a big operation
from from it not so just my office in
Ragusa for salvo but other in Catania
other in Palermo other in agrigento just
for example now when we finish when we
capture someone someone the smugglers to
the driver and have to we go for other
big organization we met up with the
former sea smuggler
living on the police protection to find
out more about the thriving business of
trafficking people escaping war on
poverty into Europe what did you work is
a trafficker involved take a low-fiber
team Zito over Libya okay if I were a
party quick yes but a lot of on the way
need it in a little in a condo militia
for assaulting you take base the arable
or beyond oh so no oh no cool legato
when you wanna fight birthday chicky
Sarah's boertie
Shakira Kolya chicken Kayla guida
tequila's bit shakeela party who nor the
Italian do you think it's possible for
European Union to stop people
trafficking nonono's but
de fer madre que quantum oreo no mission
otra cuando taco una revisi√≥n so no oh
never come a come sir been taken cinque
desta can you describe a little bit like
a normal working day for you as a people
trafficker oh so no una cosa puta murky
so trata de la zona the anima
chicken Keenan Coronel firmata I'm
correct continually antique want to see
ready gentle Mourinho bambina came
Mourinho so do you think that if you're
a good open legal ways of getting to
Europe that would completely eradicate
people trafficking Salva don't Evita was
Sona
salvavidas the one being Imam let
Trafficante Keisha dollars Branson and
there are Vandy soon Oliver stolen key
bingo no he's a personal Thomas Kabbalah
de Beaufort are Dima before me the the
to Questacon Kindle or Oh Keisha de
velas bronzes della Traficante the
furniture of account the eel has
declared war on traffickers in Libya
with an almost 12 million euro naval
mission EU NAB firm ed the European
Council tasked us to prepare an
operation in the Mediterranean to save
lives
first of all and disrupt the business
model of human traffickers and smugglers
the targets are not the migrants the
target are those that are making money
on their lives and too often on their
deaths mean one another trade is booming
on its doorstep
land smuggling for most migrants and
refugees Italy is not the end
destination those hoping to get to other
countries in Europe immediately escape
the Italian migrant processing system
often by paying land smugglers to help
them cross other European borders we're
behind a train station in Catania and
we're gonna meet an Eritrean guy called
Abdel who arrived here in Sicily in 2011
and now he spends most of his time
helping Eritrean refugees who just
arrived
here it's a place where traffickers
start in Europe and now is very serious
problems and all the other if abusers
who are doing this thing
how come refugees who get here to Sicily
start working in human trafficking all
of them in this moment they don't
respect anyone and they don't care about
anyone they forget anything about
humanity and distinguish after if you go
to the training session of you come here
that you will find them here the
traffickers I don't feel guilty
ok as I understand it people traffickers
here know that the the refugees and
migrants who just arrived here in Sicily
don't understand how things work and
because they're so used to paying
traffickers they take advantage of this
go up to people who just arrived and
said do you want to go to Rome to Milan
it costs 200 euros you know the price of
tickets here they have to sell I don't
know maybe their house to buy a ticket
here only trauma is a very serious
problem
five days how will you get to Holland
money and do you have 300 euros yeah so
how are you gonna how are you gonna get
300 euros 38 cos 38 years these guys
have actually come here voluntarily to
ask where where they literally eat and
 and sleep in the same place because
there's no future for migrants and
refugees here in Sicily and they know
that even if the same reception centers
and get their papers process they're
gonna end up on the streets they come
here straightaway to try to gather up
enough money to pay a people trafficker
to be taken to the next stop in Europe a
bail is part of a network of activists
who fight land smuggling by offering
newly arrived people the same services a
smuggler would a free of charge for
example helping them by train and bus
tickets online which are around 40 euros
when a smuggler would have charged them
up to 200 years for the same tickets
from TN to see a pilot and it'll
guarantee Libya normal DNA panel don't
bind to the deck at the facility I leave
a missive in a facility punitive Naposki
No
so the guy in the yellow t-shirt that
just passed and didn't want to be filmed
he's a smuggler so he's gonna chat to
these boys now essentially try to sell
any services Lee saqib young fella see
see you later vc guy see the party Mikey
party people
Elia fairly lazy frame you know if Adam
the police dyz but to Franco is evil my
friend Angie that easy
we followed the traffickers to the bus
station where he was taking the boys at
the station you see on pointed out
another trafficker who had brought more
people to the bus from Milan it was
clear that many newly arrived migrants
and refugees were being taken advantage
of in this way Abdul is taking the boys
to the beach because it's the weekend
and he said there's nowhere else they
can find two showers that are gonna wash
and swim and play football so these
younger trains to come here from only
been here for a few days how vulnerable
are they when they come to Sonia the
main problem is they already program it
the programming they say of the new
website you sacrifice all this all these
years to actually Italy so the main case
the main thing that we should not do is
distilling it an ultrabook
fingerprints in fact the main question
no one never asked them from what you
are scared when you have it when you
were in Libya
the traffic acedia then we come to pay
two thousand three thousand to buy this
guy and then he have to buy this money
boys three thousand and then he have to
buy for the simple past year 2000 we try
to help him send him from here twelve
and then from one his family they have
to sell everything they have to buy the
rest of the money we don't want to go to
centers here the centers of a city so oh
he have to stay in the street here with
adult month to month and no one there is
a big community when you can stay at
least
we can't sleep abdel told us say if we
came back to the square at night we'd
see the smugglers in action we saw the
same guy from the bus station talking to
the boys looking to rip them off he
refused to speak to us so abdel took us
to see a former land smuggler who was
willing to talk
how do these trafficking networks work
here in Sicily no Pokhara vic wa m
questo aura prima a purported Afra in
front a digitally now or encuesta on K
Patton okay
Oran Castano in Laura bingo no ha ha ha
cheetah Grande a te amo no telefono to
the economy are you T
a Louisville aprender con el topos from
ultra taxi cosa a friend pocket an da
police' vessel deep pearl or oh I love a
party rapper Roma Amir on Solyndra
tokaiya
Catania in Sicilia another one in Casa
La Trobe or delivery under a dope on key
determinants 11 entered in Coleman tank
mio fratello era in libya da police'
Donny Lia Riveter in Libya
pindy Kawakami Rankin doing cartel here
the value tar Lanka combination of a new
token episode each in Cairo this year
adequacy K Genta kabibonokka
when we go back to the train station the
next day abdel was in the middle of an
argument with some traffickers again
trying to prevent newcomers from being
exploited this time it was too young a
return boys they pay hundred fifty or
forty stickable
only these guys because they are too
distant saved 200 I was waiting with ask
them what happened they don't want to
tell me because they was afraid the two
boys ended up having to pay a hundred
and fifty euros each for 38-year of bus
tickets to the wrong destination they
wanted to go to Milan now they're ending
up in Rome where they don't know anyone
Abell is constantly working to help as
many people as he can while he was able
to print legitimate bus tickets for two
guys right next to them the woman was
crying she was very sad not because she
was sleeping here only because he was
selling this book to have a ticket that
was the CFDA your if you say okay and
now here I am feeling just not not human
being so I will sell anything to get
this sense of being a human being
