thursday on his 13th and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines for
conditions at a greek stadium housing
migrants sparked outrage on wednesday
leading to Pasha's with police refugees
on the island of coast had been locked
up for nearly 24 hours waiting four
papers that would allow them to travel
relief groups have criticized the
conditions saying there's little water
food and shelter police have bolstered
security and are registering women in
children first high rent in home sales
prices have pushed more people to live
on London's canals there's been a fifty
percent increase in the number of
houseboats along the city's waterways in
the last five years but that's also made
it difficult to find space to dock some
voters have been forced to move every 14
days the UK's slow economic growth
combined with stagnating wages means the
growing number of houseboaters isn't
likely to slow down anytime soon Iraq
has launched its first budget airline
fly Baghdad currently operates three
flights a day between the capital and
the northern city of Erbil the company
plans to add routes to Basra and Negev
and also hopes to expand internationally
it's part of the Iraqi government's
effort to improve services by fostering
private competition thousands of Rio de
Janeiro's cab drivers are learning
English taxi says have started signing
up for free online language courses
offered by the city's Olympic Committee
organizers hope it will help tourists
who arrive for the start of the 2016
Summer Games officials say it's a legacy
move and will be continued after the
Olympics have ended
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
available deadly areolas McCann ha ha la
vie oh my god really a venir la que las
up Danny toda hirato Hanuma Danny a
sohbat know if you listen album
hallelujah awliya allah salam hit the
Apple Google of the manor
