it's Wednesday August 12th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
days of heavy rain and Argentina have
left the area surrounding Buenos Aires
underwater thousands of people were
forced to evacuate in search of dry
ground
a famous Basilica in the city of Lujan
has also been damaged authorities expect
the river there to rise with more rain
in the forecast young adults raised in
displacement camps around Uganda are now
struggling to make a living they come
from the north having fled rebel attacks
led by Joseph Kony throughout the 1990s
many spent formative years relying on
humanitarian aid and never developed
vital farming skills little education
and a lack of vocational skills leave
many to work low-paying jobs some have
also taken up gambling and drinking a
heatwave gripping Germany is drying up
the country's rivers shipping has ground
to a halt along the Elbe River where the
water level is around a foot and a half
steam boats and river cruises have had
to cancel their tours the river is a
major attraction for the region and boat
operators say the drought could severely
impact their profits this summer
Iranian carpet makers may soon have a
new market many are hopeful that a
five-year American band on Persian rug
imports will be lifted as a result of
the recent nuclear agreement between
Iran and world powers carpet makers need
the business since sanctions and stiff
competition from other producers in Asia
have hit the Iranian industry hard
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
Tata - - Marshall carry on and vision
renewal Navin I'm a professional in le
dicen a cicada denoted ovo vegetarian
burrito on a - watch and balladeer the
Pesci de Oliveira bitch conviction in me
