we shall be shall there was nothing and
it is you can I'm chef Pierre de arena
Monsieur Hayden and then the one the
vinyl not heavy Rosa watch opener - Anna
a cicada denoted Ovadia chamber
we're heading to the front line line
under science on the edge of the city
Oscar in Northeast Syria his village
we're passing through now is completely
destroyed is wrecked in the fighting the
YPG only recounts their fighters come
two days ago it's about five the YPG
fighters killed him
you see Isis bodies casted out another
shot really good and you needed each
other give a shot of it killed about her
future and you shall be inshallah
there was nothing and it is you can
share - Irina was a hardened and then
the one and the YPG took this village
from Isis was it difficult fighting was
a heavy fighting the other way shall be
reachable shall be gravel road on Akiva
donkey when the speaker Jewish Museum
vacuum continued vehicleular
sharing Quran shaving how long do you
think it'll take before Isis are
completely pushback from hosaka the top
himma nimma us God we know more he and
but a Karass looking for the Haringey
you watch Jim at the end of a decade I
will have I given a wish cannot win
Karan Brar medical of Kanagawa Nam in
the Cumberland Rooney Bakura Nahal oz
Nakuru the Quran may each one occur for
him very well cause we wanna really key
he never happened over a philosophy
select in Henniker are a few honorable
to collect first win but we stayed with
the kicker a Vedic Amos uncovered funny
face of a surety for the right
mr. Bernadette Valley wanna avoid avoid
is Nickelodeon Hulu aalverson comedic
element finale Bernardo de Jul de
chardin the avid k2 really kg mine what
mine are owatta here pair minor hakama
interfere Hanukkah Darden Guardian
visually it's the edge of the workers
these positions against Isis Isis adjust
maybe 100 meters away just across a flat
empty stretch of step will waste lon
very cagey carousel Rosie honey Carl
Mullaly webinar agian convenor parody
know your job VCI de leche kabisa study
no he's elevated revolver darling Oh
attaboy taozi really very good show Isis
dug tunnels all across this district
they'd basic go to ground in one place
and come up unexpectedly another so when
the YPG came through here they'd get
ambushed by Isis fighters just popping
up Mannix basically unknown courses
John O'Mara session we're taking Sarah
came on mata honda cr-v murajjab in
darwin decide blue 500-meter section
party
Tom Zarek Madrid occasion fidgety
as the commander here can he explain to
me what is the military situation air
turbine nominative II was a lot supalen
Chamba gentle culture jazz tell Hani
still rock Sarah Connie
Flavius otaku Vanya shadowy hotspot
Kieran I'm very devious tinny and very -
Tony yep again share the cam - was
Nevada represent Ursula Sadiq Khan you
come from
tar.gz Republican after Roger leadership
and vision Patton aha
that was their captain Adrian has a
chief lost via changes are Pachuca on
everybody's last name in this position
right here in red village how often are
the clashes between the YPG and between
Isis ambition nor Tatum leonnatus
Saltalamacchia desta yep again Iwate - -
maja she'll carry any ambition Ronnie
won a banana professionally nearly died
Shana hasaki de denoted Lvov Decatur
Chambery died on a - gwacheon Bela de de
de navarraÂ´ bitch conviction in
Missouri became I'm Bob vision mother
vision on attorney Kamala Harris told us
that the YPG are planning to assault my
sister the last remaining position here
to assault me outside of the city from
mount abilities and these guys probably
started running fire support so look
they're getting ready I'm getting okay
together looks like
when a night operation of the white
engine can be narrow evening classes to
someone they are providing covering fire
for a YPG at the outside of the Isis
positions the uncertain airstrike a
coalition of in flying overhead all
night bombing Isis pretty readily that's
pretty light the 12th 13th air strike
we've heard it's been wandering in here
a few hours it was a lame isis fire back
with tracer rounds on machine gun rounds
guys you get on the district track and
elsewhere and suppress them so the
wipers you can advance from other other
fronts and essentially remove Isis from
the sea
we've been here a few hours now the
white kitchen faces wheel with I've been
providing fire support as other YPG
fighters are pushed into a nice hotel
district keep the ISIS tracer fires a
fiber we're being pulled back now we've
been told that they're ykg advanced
they've tapped into school and streets
like the head of change by going on now
telling us to leave
you
