what's going on today can you explain
like I don't know Paris to commemorate
the Incheon healy remember in Athena and
Ullman you shot down in there it's 1916
dispatches what is the importance of
novena earned in today's because
obviously it's old organizations we got
you know over 100 years you know what is
it why is it important for these kids to
be doing this now young people notice
there have been driven towards
acceptance of the status quo and a fear
which is continued British occupation of
Ireland walking with Dafina
they'll hopefully build there as I'd
guess as a war in Ireland that no this
is normal and the fina way of doing
things is the correct way of doing
things there is quite a lot propaganda
recently that say groups like novena are
kind of you know training camps for
dissidents I mean what would you respond
to that obviously at some stage you will
find that people who have what would be
called dissidents or you know Irish
African army members they would have
been members of the fina some she's a
lot of them because they would have
known her history and it would have
convinced them in the time in the Savina
to to continue on that road so it's
another progression you know what is the
role of Republicans in things it's not
registered there's a political movement
they're all probably probably should be
in vain like a political act like for a
republican movement their their act as
the public face and voice of the
movement and to carry out public
activities that the rest of movement
can't carry out its republicanism groans
a lot of people will look at you guys
and say it's a very small fringe group I
mean are you seen an increase these days
I don't know whether any public ISM
itself is going people would class
themselves Republicans in this work
confusion happens give a class
themselves Republicans they've been
dedicated to the area of political stir
weakness they see republicanism just
being a form of nationalism Athena stand
for truth and honor and all those noble
Denarius through truth and honor and
will be able to serve the Republic
that's all if you don't want to do is to
bring about the day of the Republic as
it work
