people say oh my god 43 young boys were
killed for no reason at all and they're
shocked for us as reporters it's very
hard because how do you make this event
different from the previous thousands of
murders that have come before there's
every reason to protest
everyone knows what happened no one
understands why on September 26 43
students were abducted in one of the
very poorest states in the Mexican
Republic from one of its poorest public
vocational schools an all-male Teachers
College
we know the perpetrators the local
police and the local drug gangs the
victims forty three young men whose
pictures are now everywhere and their
families stoic hard workers compass iNOS
many of them who have refused to back
down from their demand that their
missing children be returned to them
alive but the youths are still missing
and there is a national outcry and also
marches vandalism protests petitions and
shame too as the government sinks in
disgrace it's an ability to guarantee
the safety of its citizens or prosecute
its criminals more evident by the hour
what happened as far as we know is that
a group of students possibly eighty or a
hundred of them came down from their
Teachers College into the town of Iguala
hoping to collect money to make a trip
into Mexico City at that point the mayor
and his wife who were very closely
linked to the drug trade decided that
they had to be gotten rid of and it's
not clear whether the instruction was to
get them out of town or to get them into
a jail or to do what actually happened
which is that the police rounded up as
many of the students as they could find
43 in this
and turn them over to the drug trade
where the students were beaten and piled
into a truck and delivered to a site
where they were shot serially killed and
then the corpses were burned Mexico is a
country that is full of protest their
protests going on constantly by very
many social groups including students
and in particular the students of the
poorest kind of colleges which are the
teachers colleges the students in a your
teen effort particularly militant and so
what they did would be to go out to the
highway stop traffic stop at the toll
booth and demand money from people going
through the toll booths it just means
that there was a general atmosphere of
tension around a Yahtzee Napa around the
school and in that general area and that
the students came into constant conflict
with the local drug trade group which
was the Guerrero's or needles the United
Warriors the Guerrero's so needless
didn't stop traffic and they didn't go
to toll booths and demand money they
terrorized the population constantly
we're in meshed in the aftermath of what
has been a stupid and irresponsible war
on drugs forced upon us by the United
States as I certified to Congress today
Mexico is cooperating with us in the
battle for our lives I believe the
American people will be safer in this is
in so many other ways if we fight drugs
with Mexico rather than walk away over
the years the figures vary but you could
say 250,000 people have been killed in
Latin America some count up to as many
as 500,000 people in the course of the
drug war killed in shootouts or in
confrontations with the army or innocent
civilians being killed and the only
result is violence that will not stop
and completely convinced that it will
not stop until the war on drugs and it's
not only been useless it's been
homicidal there's no history of
passivity by the inhabitants of the
state of guerrero in the face of the
violence that has been exercised against
them over the generations the list of
massacres and assassinations goes on and
on and so do the stories of strikes and
protest movements that are not peaceful
but enraged guerrilla organizations
course through the history like a fever
two prominent guerrilla leaders from the
1960s Lucio cabanas and Janero Vasquez
were in fact campesino rural teachers
graduates of ayotzinapa which has long
been seen by the government as a
breeding ground for subversives at some
point when I was reporting this story
there was a very fortunate kind of big
development which is that the rumour
flew around look of the press corps that
in fact the bodies had been found and so
we all flew off to this garbage dump
where the government would insist and
and has insisted to this day the
students were driven to and taken out
and serially shot and then set on fire
it was this kind of surreal way in which
we cover things in Mexico rumor rumor
rumor we run off and there is a
heartbreakingly beautiful landscape and
in the middle of it you are left to
wonder whether this was the place where
horror
occurred I have this sharp memory of
waiting for the photographers to say had
run off to see if they could find
anything while these tarantulas started
crawling towards the car
and up a tire and into the seat and it
just seemed such a perfect moment
because the tarantula was actually quite
beautiful and it seemed to sort of
encompass the whole thing on November 7
Attorney General hisses Morrie yo Karim
will provide a detailed account complete
with video footage of grotesque
reenactments by three of the alleged
perpetrators of the massacre of how
forty-three boys at this site were shot
to death or suffocated that grim night
then stacked up like cordwood and set to
burn for long hours under a watchman's
eye this explanation doesn't actually
fall apart doesn't mean it's true and
his explanation was as follows the
students were turned over to the police
who were in cahoots with the drug
traders the police in turn turned the
students over to the drug traders and
they were taken to this garbage dump and
there they were killed and set on fire
the ashes were put into garbage bags and
thrown into the river and that's where
it was left and no further evidence has
been provided scenes
what happened when the search started
for the 43 missing bodies is that we the
public we the observers realize that
huge swathes of the state of Guerrero
were in fact a gravesite because it
seemed that every time the searchers put
a shovel into the ground they found
somebody who had been buried
clandestinely yeah you look for a body
you find the truth
the current government will pay the
price for decades of state manipulation
of the press and public opinion Moody
you will not be believed by the
indignant young people who are
demonstrating against the government all
across the country most critically he
will not be believed by the missing
students families or much of the press
and instead of dying down the nationwide
marches and protests will only increase
in number and fury I think the National
Police I think the President himself
were completely unprepared for the size
of the protests that took place the
justice system is completely broken down
so there was neither a preparation for
the size of the protest in the outrage
that was felt or any real ability to
solve the crime itself did you get a
look at the municipal palace a colleague
says back from hunting for a local
newspaper while the rest of us wait for
our dinner in a garish neon lit
restaurant in Iguala after the
chilaquiles and the beef jerky we set
off to look for a hotel room and stop
for a moment stunned in front of the
charred skeletal remains of the
municipal palace it could collapse if
one blew hard enough on it now but just
a month ago Iguala was the center of
power for mayor Barca and his wife which
is presumably why the government
building was methodically set on fire
office by office in the course of a
midday protest march 5 days ago in the
days to come
government in political party offices
elsewhere in Guerrero will suffer the
same fate and in spreading waves so will
offices
rest of the country Enrique Pena Nieto
who had started out with one of the
highest popularity indexes of any
president since polls were allowed saw
his popularity really diminish but what
has really not done his reputation any
good is the fact that those were not the
last murders those were not even the
last massive murders it wasn't even the
last Massacre massacres keep happening
and so what people feel is that he had
no ability to credibly solve the crimes
in Gatorade on but he also has no
ability to stop the violence throughout
the country the parents now seem to be
locked into a situation that is typical
of victims in Mexico and possibly
throughout Latin America which is in all
likelihood there will be no further
response the government promised them
all sorts of aid which they may or may
not receive they go on international
delegations seeking for further help I'm
convinced they will be protesting until
their very last breath for us as
reporters it's very hard it's very hard
because how do you make this event
different from the previous thousands of
murders that have come before suddenly
you have 43 students and people say oh
my god 43 young boys were killed for no
reason at all and they're shocked but
the next time that students are killed
for no reason at all it's just one more
murder
you
