it's thursday august six and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines Russian
authorities have destroyed tons of bacon
illegally imported from the European
Union the country's agricultural
watchdog burned more than 300,000 pounds
of pork for violating of food ban Russia
outlawed food imports from Western
nations after sanctions are imposed for
its involvement in Ukraine in June
President Vladimir Putin extended the
band for another year a wildfire in
Northern California has grown to more
than a hundred square miles thousands of
firefighters are working to contain the
blaze more than 13,000 residents in the
area have been asked to leave their
homes the flames continue to push north
through dry wood and brush caused by
drought conditions
a heat wave has killed at least 40
people in Tokyo temperatures soared
above 95 degrees Fahrenheit for six days
in a row more than 11,000 people have
been hospitalized Japan's aging
population is particularly vulnerable to
the heat nearly half of those treated
were over the age of 65
a nigerian startup has created a cheaper
and safer biofuel designed specifically
for cooking stoves the gel is made from
sawdust waste and water weeds a leader
sells for about 5 cents and can burn for
up to six hours residents can often only
for dangerous kerosene and charcoal to
use inside their homes the World Health
Organization says almost a hundred
thousand Nigerian women die each year
from smoke inhaled when cooking check
out the vice news youtube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world kids
don't know what what healthy food looks
like they don't know that apples are
good for them that broccoli grows from
the ground we need better education and
it's not just school gardens it's
cooking classes it's it's teaching kids
nutrition again which is you know one of
the things that gets cut in government
programs when they're trying to save
money we don't teach kids how to eat
