Kanaka matsarata Kalka Methuselah love
white button was one in my definition
life is to be a puzzle the man that's
the goal the goal of your entire life
and thinking about our daughter day and
night she asking me I don't want to
contact anyone I change my number
someone is too pushing her
this BBC Radio 4 it's half-past five on
Sunday the 22nd of February three London
school girls aged 15 and 16 and
described as straight-a students were
thought to be heading to Syria to join
Islamic state we don't know exactly what
motivated these three friends to leave
home fair is that those three girls have
gone to Syria to become jihadi brides
police say they took a flight to
Istanbul Turkey from London's Gatwick
Airport on Tuesday
fifteen-year-old Shamima Begum 16 year
old Cadiz assault Ana and a third girl
who's not been named have travelled to
Turkey and may already be in Syria
the unnamed girl turned out to be 15
year old a mirror Abbas and like many
other young people who've joined the
Islamic state she was a typical British
child she supported Chelsea Football
Club and enjoyed athletics painting her
nails and shopping she was also a
conscientious student whose photograph
decorated her school walls shortly after
news of their disappearance broke
attitude started to emerge that said
good riddance
to anyone wishing to travel to Syria but
vice news wanted to find out how these
girls were radicalized and what life was
like for the families they left behind
not long after their daughter had left
the Abbas family invited us to their
home there's been lots of time looking
at her pictures still yeah it's a mirror
yeah how old you see that um 14 this
last year
the same fled war in Ethiopia at the age
of sixteen he taught asylum in Germany
but returned to his home country to
marry Fethiye
the family moved to London in 2004 they
chose the UK because of the quality of
education here
she do hard work for her exam she have
an interview in college the college you
have to be a star or a if you have a B
you can go to college we share same
bedroom
you know she's sleeping top luxury of
believe me I waiting her eye with her
and the computer she's shoving another
laptop I next to her always how come she
have a plan this
she can't revise all the time this all
the night I don't know this happened
it's over this hour
she's God well to wait
but before she went away she asked to to
change her phone and yeah yeah she
asking me I don't want to contact anyone
I changed my number to me and then what
what's kind of texting no no no mommy
just leave it I just want to change my
SIM card or my mobile someone is too
pushing her
Emira she's too scared cut go to inside
the house if he's dark if nobody in
she's be staying outside I don't know
this I don't know and so what was the
first time that you found out that she
was actually in Syria from TV so she is
in Syria from TV good evening Scotland
Yard says it's received information that
three schoolgirls who disappeared from
East London last week have made their
way into Syria it's feared that they're
already under the control of the
extremist group Islamic state hadiza
Sultana was 16 and Amira Abbar say and
Shamima me
the girls school lies in the heart of a
predominantly Bengali part of East
London and as Muslims they were in the
majority among their classmates but
unknown to their parents they weren't
the first peoples from the Bethnal Green
Academy to leave the Syrian their school
friend fifteen-year-old shamina Begum
had already joined Isis in December in
utmost secrecy senior teachers invited
the police to interview Shah Mina's
friends on school premises however the
police failed to anticipate that Shah
Mina would have been attempting to
convince those in her friendship group
to follow her to Syria while researching
this film multiple sources close to the
case have claimed that in fact Shah Mina
was the driving force behind a mirror's
radicalization after she was radicalized
herself during the previous summer
holiday if I know that if her good
friends you go to Syria you have to keep
the hot passport you can't keep your
eyes it go tota imagine I don't want to
lead to to school even after scooter
club you know homeworker they have a
revision club because they are in GCSE
and I do want to let her anywhere if
they told us that the disease she go to
Syria
while Amira's parents continue to replay
every moment before she left we approach
those responsible for the children at
school for a common both the police and
the teachers declined
instead we found someone with intimate
knowledge of how young girls are
radicalized because she works with
radicalized girls on a daily basis she
wanted to remain anonymous
if there is one girl who has made
contact with someone out there and
they've been radicalized they will
probably be asked to try and convince
others getting them to believe what you
do I've been told that they tell you to
put holidays to make sure that people
don't suspect anything especially family
they say you had in coursework to be
really conscientious at the work just do
everything to throw people off God and
to not get anyone suspicious I have been
quite surprised myself that how quickly
this whole process can happen within a
week or two weeks and the way in which
they do that is quite clever they've got
teams that work around the clock
speaking to them continuously almost
hypnotic one girl said she was even
scared to go upstairs on her own and she
was planning to leave the country but
when she told me the process of it was
continuous consistent people speaking
with them repeating the same thing over
and over and over again that then
eventually led this person to think
about leaving their propaganda has been
so effective for these young girls one
of them even described it as an Islamic
Disneyland that says it all really they
felt that this was heaven on earth
nobody knows what I am show me show me
how your tongue come with the power of
the Islamic states tactics to attract
young recruits to Syria already at play
the only opportunity to stop the girls
leaving had been lost
it was only after the girls had left
that their parents would discover the
police's attempt to contact them about
sha Nina this was done two months into
their investigation by letters handed to
the girls themselves which never made it
home
because of the nature of this case all
three families were being assisted by a
lawyer who specialized in terrorism
offenses I went to meet up with him to
find out what was at stake for them all
why do these families need this list I
don't need representation well the
problem is design one wrong step and it
becomes a terrorism case for them as
well
in that the the kids have gone out and
have joined a terrorist organization now
any assistance that those families give
to those kids who are now on one of the
members of a terrorist organization
would itself be a terrorist offense
the lawyer was on his way to visit mr.
Abbas who'd been called to give evidence
to a panel of British parliamentarians
who wanted to examine what had happened
in this case the Metropolitan Police
Commissioner Bernhard Hogan how would
also be answering questions under UK
terror laws the girls could now face any
number of charges mr. Abbas needed to
make sure that 10 years in prison
wouldn't - wait a mirror and scare her
from coming home what's our goal what we
want what we want is back home safely
no look you told me about your daughter
she scared of the dark yep
she showed me yeah so for your daughter
to do something as crazy as this she
must drink white yeah what yeah it
scared me okay would you want my
daughter to come back safely we're not
in prison but oh why because she's
already just remember that I keep saying
okay she's a child my daughter back home
not in prison yeah yeah because because
she's a child he had a victim okay yeah
Porsche know the full story
spring apart in shortness sure
today would be one of the most important
days of mr. Abbas's life and he would
have to manage the stress of the
situation alongside the extraordinary
experience of being thrust from his
small flat in East London to the houses
of parliament how is your wife this
morning yeah it's not feeling well not
less why you couldn't come here yeah
but sickness that I can't describe
the stress it makes you restless you
know
you can't beat no mine
how were you going to be thinking about
your daughter throughout today the
questions ask me about my daughter
it's not what I don't need to think
about just when I say about her so I
feel like that I'm talking about myself
let's emphasize that
we'll see I do like to
the ideal outcome is that mr. Hogan
house says that he he's sorry for the
blunders thou led to these girls
ultimately finding themselves in a war
zone and that he will treat them as
victims if they were to come back
because they are children is it possible
that they there was indoctrination out
of school
unknown clearly to the family as I know
my daughter it's very difficult to
predict it why they leave this country
that's why we are left on middle of
nowhere we really probably why it's
specific to these parents they don't
know the answer to that question in the
same way that a parent whose child has
been taken away let's say falls in love
with the teacher and runs off to France
does not know how that happened
but it is shocking to them also in my
view it doesn't make sense if we say for
example I give gems missing it's no
complex sentence as I understand where
that as a family we have to know that we
can prevent this to happen yes we are
very clear as a committee you're you're
saying to us is if you known about this
letter
if you've known about the contents
absolutely might have been able to who
can't be a hundred percent sure but you
might have been able to prevent them
going
the police were then brought in for
questioning about why they didn't fully
inform the parents of their
investigation well first of all we're
sorry if the family feel like that but
clearly it's a terrible situation they
find themselves in having lost the
daughters in such a horrible way I'm
also sorry that you know the letter that
we intended to get them didn't get
through with hindsight of us we now know
that these girls were planning to go and
now the family the police the school nor
anyone else realize that these important
things say here it's every case on its
merits and we have no evidence in this
case that these three girls are
responsible for any terrorist offences
in other words if they return they will
not be returning to jail they can return
to their families yeah is that what
you're saying yes
it was an unprecedented result never
before had the police offered a
potential returnee from the Islamic
state immunity from prosecution for the
families at least it provided a glimmer
of hope in their otherwise desperate
situation
we found a bass later that evening as
you reflected on the day you when I
think back to my life history generally
living here in England never dream but
I'm here now anything can happen
happen no Thomas
one day maybe see her and talk even
forget this day and as if nothing
happened we can go forward by now the
parents were in the media spotlight
they've been granted a moment's grace
from the state which gave license to the
British tabloid press to scour the
internet for evidence of this being a
mistake
a video of him at a rally three years
earlier surfaced in the press it was of
a protest against the film which
criticized the life of the Prophet
Muhammad while hundreds of people turned
out to boys their feelings about this
attack on their faith extremists used
the gathering to shout their claims as
well I feel that they're trying to
create a story that I'm the reason my
daughter to go there did it make you
wish that you hadn't gone on those
protests no because he's already
happened I was amazing what kind of
country I am so I can express myself I
was happy to have that freedom I mean
this is a bit nonsense I mean you go
there because you exercise your freedom
and label you as you are fanatic and
radical and terrorist I mean we think
that we are fantastic here not fanatic
yeah well fantastic you're grateful I
mean when you saw the Daily Mail's piece
about your husband could you have ever
imagined that that would be the twist
yes the twist because you know no doubt
following that people you know they
making the demonstration you don't know
anything
you see fflewddur
are you still talking to the police or
are they still talking to you they're
nowhere my lawyer is in charge we
visited the lawyer once more by now most
of his time was spent shielding the
families from journalists who wanted a
comment after every potential sighting
of the girls
yeah isn't it's gonna be it's going to
be alone
what a good man I think I mean it's
almost cruel they just want to go oh
look here your kids how do you feel well
pretty factory here what do
you think honest nylons wherever it is
how are the different families take
well Abbas is our dad the other in terms
of the other families been dealing with
a sister and a kind of first cousin so
they have a very different dynamic and
you know I'm a father if I was his
position I will new mother call his
night night night I've been on a plane
straight away basically calling
everybody else on you because the police
has a socket archaeologists some of us
you okay ah
Archer okay
that's losing his might
we went back to the Abbasid home for one
final visit as a reality of life without
a mirror started to sink in how are you
coping very difficult to cope we really
this last two months is we don't have a
word to explain it how hard it is we
really miss O'Meara
so hope is like you know I don't know
like finished because nobody contacted
us you know no second without
remembering her I hope you sort of got
any more of a sort of idea now why they
might have happened we really we cannot
get a say we can't guess why this
happened
children
so a piece of you you love white button
what what
look
the hopelessness of the Abbasid
situation became clearer the longer we
spent with them the immunity mirror had
been granted by the police might not
matter now that she has married an
Islamic state biter and seemed set on
making a life in Syria but the
international scale of this story
Illustrated a fear in every parent who
recognized that the three girls might
have easily been their child something
in the speed in which this happened
confounded traditional ideas of
radicalization at least in the school it
was contagious and didn't take place
online but in real life the authorities
will learn from this case but until it's
fully understood what the initial
attraction of the Islamic state is for
some young people it'll only be a matter
of time before others are drawn to the
war zone again
you
