Abomasnow board knowledge with the bone
basilia if you need any proof that the
ceasefire isn't working there it is
in February the second ceasefire was
brokered between the Ukrainians and the
pro-russian separatists of the Donetsk
People's Republic
the second ceasefire much like the first
last September has not put an end to the
fighting the war has claimed the lives
of over 6,400 people and the ceasefire
is now largely considered a joke all the
cars and the people behind me here are
queuing to get into the Donetsk People's
Republic from the Ukrainian side last
autumn the Ukrainian authorities put a
stop to the banking and pension system
meaning that anyone from inside the dnr
wanting to collect their pensions or
withdraw cash had to leave the dnr
territory to come into ukraine to do it
in january this process was made a lot
harder when the Ukrainians decided to
put a permit system in place but she end
up watching casual one is the pretty I
can start suitable she'll secure your
question especially when shingles all
right why are you in Ukraine Daniele
Pina todo kumo badonk ISA product early
carska to Risto trigger grata waitomo
nagas Nipomo pour soda don't we go to
Tito no si este de Sade's Nicole stop
Reducto no Sarah
Eddie now how long have you been waiting
to cross into Ukraine fuel from 6 7
8 hours and what are you crossing into
Ukraine floor I don't think it'll burn
me muffled banging emotion pretty good
hugs
another company with the crudeness
Pevensie children Valera what do you
think of the the pro post system why do
you think they put it in place Joseph
Terra destiny excellent NATO territory
but also knowledge a eternal niolani
was it as good and what do you think of
the ceasefire word that was put in place
in February do you think it's working
hello fellow was it good what others
carried you into them yes you cook it
after speaking to people in both queues
it doesn't seem to matter if their
pro-ukrainian or Prodi and our everyone
seems to hate the permit system the
system was put in place to stop
smuggling and all it seems to do is
punish those who are unlucky enough to
be trapped on the wrong side of the
front line after crossing into DNR
territory we went to one of the forward
basis of the Vostok battalion one of the
largest of the dnr militias to see
firsthand how little has changed on the
front lines our music is my sadness
boost an abbreviation same instance of a
Shaniqua latvia t-dog in Michigan - John
Picasso the US Edition enlisted this
base is very close to the cranium
controlled village of Piske where
fighting is continued through from the
February ceasefire the Vostok are going
to take us on a patrol their positions
near to the village and show us what the
fighting has been like there over the
past couple of weeks
just not for DHS food each era built
opening and I'm not nap steel so sternly
with Sue Ellen Japan had number one nice
to it but Schumann three whoa we we
still owe still cover about over Shaftoe
wrote in a note were susceptible to
reported as part of the ceasefire
both sides were meant to pull any
artillery above 100 millimetres back
from the front lines but a crater this
size and the damage that it caused
suggests that if it was the Ukrainians
they're using something much bigger than
100 millimetres one of the possibilities
that the crater was the result of the
smaller artillery shells setting off
what was in one of the Train cards but
for the DNR was far more convenient to
claim the Ukrainians were using heavy
artillery do you think if the fighting
continues like this if if heavy weapons
are going to continue to be used that
the ceasefire will basically fall apart
like the one did in January no sanas is
Matilda with bhajis expiry media Nakata
Yeboah
for the most Ragini euros we need Nia
any pretty royal Tsutomu pyramidal I
mean cut me right over any sign it Owen
picture so this is one of the frontline
positions of the Vostok on the edge of
donut city it's a series of trenches on
the top of a railway Bank facing the
Ukrainian positions the Vostok say that
this position comes under attack every
day so the Ukrainians are hitting you
with artillery and you say they're
attacking with infantry are the DNR also
pushing on Ukrainian positions with
infantry as well tomorrow you can use no
letter said no motion no kannada bhavana
searches for moshe anyatta chalo wanna
see episod can an ERT Shalini toka
Malaysian air Swami automata me Anya to
Charlie acuña Caliburn ma
a todos Vishakha Eve with the taco shop
they are three low
most resna hanya trovato's importa
Moosejaw mr. Prabhakar Samui la razón
Elysium socrata battalion Vostok mercy
on me mass's oddish oddish ET des
Kazushige nojima I canceled a show on
historic us such a scheme sports album
percolator oh this is the Volvo Center
it's another lost walk front-line
position it's where before the war truck
drivers would come and get their truck
serviced and they would even stay in the
motel above the garages the whole
buildings been riddled with shrapnel
this is the very last transposition
controlled by the Vostok battalion on
the edge of Donetsk in front of them
about to 300 meters is the village of
Piske controlled by the Ukrainians that
building there is the start of the
village and what were you doing before
the war could you have imagined that
you'd be in a situation you are in now
hear me kike new more precise no I need
to go they put a rat rabbit Osaka
securom posted new hood to the toast
over here to the creek us it's in a pile
in oval so at the Sun unknown soft my
chakra Watsa where is mimosa trees per
Thomas a dragon bussiness Abuja
the severe issues two varieties she shot
the water trod my attorney accompany me
otherwise
dama tapas treaty little Oprah Stila
the scum snuggled emotionally not dreamy
Australian cattle national porn elevated
all be silly
additional info besides external support
on adrenaline our kimono
addressed the conditional transition
which would be Danny especially
supportive animus toward say then is
Netanyahu horribly when you respect
abiding presence
right now submachine that that's a style
of talk everything gizzard pieces know
if not many people are joining the DNR
military forces do you think that people
are just tired of the war hidaka the
village at least the patrol a dog grunts
Kiswahili gamer Arizona and we were the
star - nice shield the cetacean alluded
to moody Spurgeon's of atomic age -
Austin Aviles the Vostok battalion
advises strongly to leave the Volvo
Center as they feared the Ukrainians
would start their evening more to volley
fire at 5:00 p.m. as expected
the attack began right on time
in water supplying right at the top of
our head so you can hear the projectile
move through the air if you need any
proof that the ceasefire isn't working
where it is designed second advice and
leave the line we give Alesia means what
she's like
