well this is the tunnel that Joaquin
chapo guzman came out of we're going to
go down and take a closer look let's go
check it out guys yeah this is maybe
about 20 feet 25 feet maybe
we're standing amid cornfields and
farmland here in on malaria the Cuates
this is the community where the article
annual maximum security federal prison
is located that's over here to my left
about a mile that way and incidentally
about the same distance this way is a
Mexican Army military base this
geographic location nonetheless is where
Joaquin el chapo guzman apparently
escaped from the Altiplano prison from
the end of a tunnel located in this
property right here behind me at around
9:00 p.m. prison authorities inside
altiplano lost visual contact with astro
Guzman that is apparently the moment
that he chose to escape through this
tunnel located in the shower and managed
to get to this building right here
Joaquin el chapo guzman the figurehead
of the Sinaloa cartel escaped for a
second time deeply embarrassing the
Mexican government and straining its
delicate relationship with US anti-drug
officials his first escape came in 2001
when Guzman vanish from the Puente
Grande federal prison in the state of
Jalisco by then Guzman was already the
most feared capo in the Sinaloa
Federation a vast criminal organization
that sends marijuana cocaine
methamphetamine and heroin to the United
States and around the world 13 years
later Guzman was caught again at a hotel
in mazatlán Sinaloa with the help of US
intelligence the United States
immediately wanted out chapo to be
handed across the border to face drug
trafficking charges in US federal court
but Mexican officials said they could
handle his man's arrest and detention
they even said it would take hundreds of
years before the drug lord would be
extradited
on Saturday July 11th word began
spreading that Joaquin el chapo guzman
had escaped once more the following
morning officials had an almost
unbelievable account to share with the
public
commotion formal Amador guada el día de
Geer en el centro federal de Rana pacion
social numero uno altiplano say registro
la fuga dijo a keen guzmán loera quien
esta Vova kado en el área de
tratamiento say especially Basilio
numero dos estancia numero venti the
escape came just as president Enrique
Pena Nieto and more than four hundred
guests had embarked to Paris France to
drum up for an investment for Mexico
under pressure Mexico's Interior
Secretary returned to the country to
head the investigation la Senne
soluciones el estado Mexicano que en
same essence lograr la atención de este
criminal y de otros muchos mess son las
mismas institutio neighs KS Tampin endo
todos UN vo y capacidad A's para
aprender Osorio Chong later released
video footage of the escape from inside
chapels prison cell it shows a man
identified as Guzman pacing then putting
on shoes then ducking into a blind spot
in the cameras coverage awaits higher
stall chapo disappears at 8:52 p.m.
flavio Sosa is a social activist and
leader from Oaxaca who was arrested on
criminal charges that were later found
to be false as a political prisoner held
in the Altiplano federal penitentiary he
was actually in the same unit of the
prison from which Joaquin el chapo
guzman escaped
nolleke Ramos a secret are a govern a co
no le queremos al procure Adorno
lacrimosa pena que digo no leak Ramos
porque me me BOCES para si de la de
muchos mexicanos no yoga studio dentro
del penal te pou sere que no es un
penile Delp Al Queda suey yes - vena
Zelda Tracey el tratamiento specialist
que la zona de maxima Segura dad donde
solamente venturi O's en tus el de la
finta Quattro Rustam cervando la cámara
pero además a un regiment sita's
especiales a la Zelda para include are Y
bar a ser una revisión de Tejada de
toda la Zelda's a days art a Anton
la / a kilo a estas days noob assert
resented ILA's mostrar los fasciculus
discourage del tenney abrir la boca xi r
la lengua no debe ser ningún solo que
entran eraser - Zelda camperos con mujer
toe con el que voltaren operate porque
el piso
es una revisión Malusi osa tenor Asuna
red Iran to solve hace unas a reg a
Darren to sell de porque la hora del
baño es a las cinco cuarenta cinco de
la mañana
nadie puede abrir la a Ghaderi durante
el día y de la noche no Camellia
mulatto Sione's en el rio que dicen que
se chapo tiene Kibeho
todos yes seems cafe tart a Terrapin
casi cada in Tevye's kiss a Diaz a no
seda scoot a nadie miss Kootenai na de
las Sun or Dennis
this jailbreak according to many
analysts has really exposed the degree
of weakness that mexico's justice and
security apparatus has the fact that
Joaquin el chapo guzman could escape in
such a stupendous and cinematic way
raises a lot of questions about the
usefulness of Mexico's security
administration's this is the opening of
the tunnel from which authorities say
parking in chapo guzman managed to
escape from the Altiplano federal prison
on July 11th this tunnel connects to the
prison which is about a mile from here
authorities told us that we would be
entering the tunnel at our own risk as
it was not reinforced all the way
through they also would not allow us to
film farther into the tunnel in order to
confirm that it connects with the shower
stall one mile away well we're gonna get
a first-hand look at the kind of tunnel
that the Sinaloa cartel has become
famous for constructing in their efforts
to traffic drugs across the border so I
think it's safe to assume that this is a
sort of tunnels that they use to cross
drugs into the United States this is
sort of the lobby if you will to the
tunnel the dirt that we were just
standing on is right above these wooden
planks so clearly you can see that this
is a well constructed a facility
essentially there's a generator here
beside me and the actual tunnel down to
the length of mile-long left tunnel is
right here this is the crane that
whoever constructed this tunnel used in
order to take down and bring up heavy
materials such as some of this machinery
and probably I assume some of the dirt
and rock that was necessary to pull out
of here in order to get this town built
we're going to go down about 30 feet
let's go check it out fast
yeah this is maybe about 20 feet 25 feet
maybe this is very low a tropical mine
is said to be between 5 foot 5 and 5
foot 6
it's basically custom-built for his
frame as the government said this
motorcycle contraption like thing it's
not actually a motorcycle some kind of
vehicle that is fitted also with these
little carts that was probably used to
move the dirt well this adapted it
doesn't have a front tire it has a small
energy source here it can move forward
and backward looks like a very old
mining type vehicle this is actually not
the first time that of chopo has used
tunnels to move billions of dollars
worth of drugs or to evade authorities
last year just before he was nabbed in
Mazatlan authorities came close to
getting Guzman in the Sinaloa state
capital of Culiacan
but Guzman used a network of tunnels
connecting various properties to elude
officials again he's also linked to
dozens of sophisticated tunnels used to
smuggle drugs to the US particularly
along the Tijuana
San Diego border corridor but in the end
all the government's evidence may not be
enough to silence people who say El
Chapo's spectacular escape might be
nothing more than one enormous ray me
parece que suna s tuna Borla es una bola
la sociedad el que no lo cierren person
tarde esta manera porque si no le abrir
una Puerta de abrir mucho la principal
responsable de Pena Nieto do soluciones
say guitar seguridad de la procure adora
de la colina Dora general de rozier SOC
yo somos principally responsible x'
desmond Tarin el sistema de vigilancia
oda herand a vigil ax y permittee eran
todo porque las video cameras no creo
que nada mas / tennis cana un sistema
local
de Magee Lancia a unicorn a co-general
de l'eau safer esos officials permitted
some access to the prison side of the
tunnel but no independent observer has
yet to run the entire length of it to
confirm the government story so I gotta
admit it was finally uh pretty exciting
to see this tunnel up front I think what
you will about in trouble was mine he
has become a folk hero in a lot of
people's eyes for precisely this kind of
thing for his ability to outwit and out
match the officials who are trying to
bring him to justice
what is certain is that the myth making
and sort of the legendary status that a
chapo guzman has built for himself over
the years will now only be expanded
because of this and maybe he has become
the most famous drug lord in history
since Pablo Escobar in Colombia so
what's going to happen next
well the authorities ever find a job it
was mine
you
