whenever Kentucky Airport or I will
develop in a given image of Bikini
Bottom autonomous opportunities the work
is accuracy
it's election morning here in Burundi
after a number of delays last night was
actually the most gunfire and the most
explosions we've heard since we've been
here it was a last act of defiance there
was even singing against the third
mandate but just like in other nights
it's become routine
we've arrived on a scene in an
opposition neighborhood there's a body
lying in the stream this is our first
stop of the day this police station here
nearby but it's definitely definitely in
the air is anybody here planning on
voting today nobody nobody is voting
today
you know the protesters here have been
repressed pretty brutally and horribly
to the point where even if they gather
during the day you know they're shot at
or things are broken up right now
they've line these roads with rocks
but the police are standing by they seem
pretty relaxed so hopefully things won't
deteriorate any further police trucks
are arriving right now it looks like a
lot of police they're starting to move
in things have been pretty calm so far
but a lot of warnings being yelled out
by the protesters gathered here a couple
fires burning
it's a weird atmosphere it's not even
8:30 in the morning um but it looks like
it's setting a precedent for the data
column
despite some initial excitement when the
barriers are being built and the police
showed up things are still pretty calm
right here but we just learned that the
person who was killed who was left here
was a member of the MSD party which is a
major opposition party and they think he
was dropped off here to send a message
so despite the presence of a body and
the new barricades being built things
seem pretty calm in naka biga so we're
gonna head to some of the polling
stations and just see what's going on
over there
we're at a polling station in Wasaga
right now musaka is well-known for being
in opposition neighborhood polls er
pretty empty there's a lot of police
military and poll workers but aren't
that many voters there's 8 candidates on
the ballot there's the President himself
there's 3 puppet candidates there's
three candidates who sort of withdrew
this weekend and their names are still
on the ballot and there's Agathon riwasa
it was a main opposition figure but he
himself has been sort of vague about
whether he'll accept the results he's
pretty much protesting the election
itself
there's not that many people here who
are actually voting besides military and
police and the citizens that are voting
don't really want to talk to us it just
has the feel of a like a sham just ghost
election and there's really no
information that we can get right now
so we finally found one guy ready to
talk to media you can see how much of a
rarity that is he was just surrounded by
journalist and we're gonna go talk to
him right now so can you just tell us
why you voted today and who you voted
for another polling station here in job
a which is another neighborhood known
for being opposition again it's very
empty mostly poll workers and police and
those people who are voting don't seem
so proud of it they're actually over
here washing the the paint off their
fingers
we're gonna pop in the voting station
right here and check it out
can we see nobody really uh nobody
really here
one of the things to remember here is
that in the parliamentary elections the
turnout in the City Bujumbura was a lot
smaller than it was in other rural areas
nonetheless more income men gay right
now which is you know a big supporter of
the cndd-fdd the ruling party and one of
the pollsters here just told us that
they're really happy with the turnout
they've had quite a few people show up
so far
polling stations are pretty empty from
what we've seen we're not having much
luck talking to people but the body is
apparently still out in naka biga people
are getting a little more aggressive so
we're gonna head back there and see how
things are playing out
the Red Cross has picked up the body
finally after hours they're moving it
the song the people are singing is that
in Burundi there's nothing else but
weeping
this is actually this is the most
defying act of protest the most open act
of protest we've seen in a very long
time they just removed the body of an
opposition member that was killed people
are singing and chanting and marching
right now the police have definitely
tighten up their approach it does look
like some cooler heads out prevailing
some of the leaders we know from the
neighborhood we're pushing people back
away from the police but um the moods
definitely changed so this has been
going on for a while right now the
protesters are dancing cheering singing
anti nakorn Jesus songs there's been a
couple of times moments where it seems
like the police are mostly letting them
you know protest we don't know how
things are gonna play out throughout the
rest of the day and throughout the rest
of the night and over the course in the
next few months but for right now things
are peaceful
