the source of the problem is the filter
that our mandate
yeah we defend ourselves we don't know
who is coming to shoot us every every
way every time you we are waiting for
death I'm sorry to say that
yesterday there was a rebel attack in
the north of the country near the board
of Rwanda and the Democratic Republic of
Congo was very short-lived but it was
supposed to be intense fighting and last
night the city erupted in gunfire today
the president announced they're going to
delay the elections about another six
days so July 21st but we came out at
night we're in a quarter in Bujumbura to
kind of see what's been going on at
night there's lots of gunfire the past
few weeks every night some explosions
it's mostly the police firing people say
but no one really knows whether they're
being fought against whether people are
firing back or exactly what's going on
so we're here in the quarter right now
with everyone these guys are standing
watched tonight they're saying it's calm
but when it's calm everyone's a little
scared but it's also Saturday night so
everyone's out having a few beers so
we're gonna hang out and sort of you
know see how the night goes
so is it our people organizing is there
any sort of resistance forming are there
any sort of rebellions forming inside
Bujumbura itself yes they are
yeah in some cities of organized this is
one of your lines Edith yes people are
sleeping to see that there is the ginger
sea in Dhaka the police are here on a
courier so add to the president of our
country the full president the the
criminal president with Peter was Issa
give up the Fatima we rose to many
friends and parents and children because
of this for president is a criminal
what's the situation here what's it like
a night right now we defend ourselves we
don't know who is coming to shoot us
every every way every time you we are
waiting for death
I'm sorry to say that the source of the
problem is the filter that our mandate
yeah but we are here helpless the only
thing we may beat organize is to cut the
road so that any any current may not
pass to shoot us
yeah no one seems to know who's shooting
who it now yeah no one no one knows but
tonight so far quiet Satan PTP Kinnaman
pas de esos Genova men pas de quoi soba
pass canarians your body when a tooth
the poor see on analyse cut revamp of
Soniya here - ah Qun besoin de travail
suppose hakuna remedies and asia keep a
venir aquí por investi poor hominid is
industry way we're at the opposite Denis
Carrera
he's the presently Ambani curry who are
technically the youth wing of the local
ruling party but in recent months
they've been accused of carrying out
lots of attacks targeted killings and a
functioning more like a militia there's
lots of people talking about the
inventory right now how would you
describe what the abano curry is and
what they're doing call me quite so
civic duty police a mega Pascal
supérieure ma como lordy past
condolences no delay the journey
dissident idealism
Hakurei DeBoer you some country less
your ass Vidya say welcome aboard Italy
beaucoup de formación gt40 kiss kissy
Kissy Ella a kiss a lazy bone a rock or
a kumquat am pre-k than the violence a
chat la mejor pants Korea in money
Palacio the rapini o Ali politician
spiritual apostasy dolo position so me
contra to Sado zone por la Paix
so me polo developme en DS o mo
playdough ask a good person sandy stinky
he a play and a movie do you have human
rights organizations you have even the
UN saying that there's a concerted
effort by maybe police maybe the
intelligence agencies that are working
for the ruling party to arm the Ambani
curry and people who spoke to in refugee
camps Rwanda on the streets here they're
very fearful and some of them have told
us they've been attacked some have said
they've seen the abano Kerry killing
people so you're saying that maybe it's
not all the amount of curry but it does
seem like there's a large group of in
bono curry who are armed and are
threatening people and committing acts
of violence
yeah bokudoh female a demand songs sk so
no solid evidence the quantitate commies
allen contra Desdemona rocker a killer
food all over Syria could that make it
onto V that area Katya DJ do Grenada was
a very direct reference AMA it is some
confirming his entendre da da da da da
da da da da da da la población Assad
kilowatt Allen venir a career killer
squad are not just we count to 30 person
Keith in New Orleans
you're sweet totally ma contra Tillis
one imported G
a few days later the bodies of two
brothers were found both had been
tortured and executed and one was a
well-known protester the following
morning we received a call that another
body had been found so this is exactly
why they have these neighborhood watches
that have formed this is the second
morning in a row we've gotten a call
early saying and that bodies have been
found all executed people here are
accusing either the police forces of the
Amana carry of carrying out these crimes
we can't really verify that but it's
become routine almost to get these phone
calls in the morning
we had to walk a little further into the
neighborhood because people are still
nervous about even telling us what what
they heard or what they saw with the
police around so we're waiting a little
farther back from in the area where the
man was killed just to talk to a witness
can you tell us what you know about what
happened last night
yeah hiding in general okay she says
nothing you know I'd say that I'm making
Val you need another exposure and
Mahajan - oh I bet you didn't happen
Dignitas emini coming at the minute I
get to another scenario moving in here
for and what's it like here in this
neighborhood at night is there usually
violence do you hear gunshots are people
scared
hey we general Huggins I myself I'm the
one who gets inside - I'm a gentleman so
what so now I'm already hands going in
the corner shock one don't forget I'm a
72 no such original meds who do you
think I mean what do you think this man
was in mind quria do you think he was a
protestor police like who do you think
killed him yeah it was it wasn't about
the time I mean universe recommend you
tell it to me well it was a credible
opposition source later told us that the
man who having killed was a member of
the Ambani curry
