it's Wednesday July fifteenth and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
troops loyal to yemen's exiled leader
have recaptured key territory from the
Houthi rebels military sources say
they've seized the airport in the
country's second city aid in fighting
has escalated in the days since a UN
declare truce crumbled saudi-led
airstrikes have forced the who thiis to
retreat from the port city for the first
time since they push president Hadi into
exile four months ago a stampede has
killed more than two dozen people in
southern India the incident occurred as
tens of thousands of pilgrims took part
in a Hindu festival in Andhra Pradesh
state participants believe bathing in
the river cleanses their sins the
stampede lasted nearly 20 minutes more
than 30 people were transported to local
hospitals with injuries farmers and
cattle breeders in eastern Morocco are
working together to fight the effects of
desertification drought conditions in
excessive grazing have destroyed the
natural ecosystems so the government has
assigned locals with tasks such as tree
planting
the aim is to decrease soil degradation
and regenerate vegetable cover
authorities hope the projects will
reduce poverty so residents aren't
tempted to resettle in larger cities
a new UN report on HIV shows the world
is turning the tide against the disease
faster than ever the rate of new
infections has fallen since the late 90s
and those with the virus can expect to
live nearly 20 years longer than in 2001
the figures are attributed to improved
access to treatment and the increased
affordability and availability of
antiretroviral drugs check out the vice
news youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world this is a war that's killed
over 6,400 people and after the Balkan
Wars you know we said that this would
never happen again in in Europe and here
we are and there's not enough action on
this conflict and I think I think it
would be very good idea if if yeni
candidate would come here to try and at
least get a handle on the situation and
try and form some real lasting policies
that can bring peace to eastern Ukraine
