in the history people we say you were
fighter
we are fighter of affirmation of freedom
we are the last windows opened otherwise
it will be a blackout on Burundi
RunAs media has always been pretty
pretty active I mean it's one of the
things that they take a lot of pride in
here but over the past few months
most of the journals have fled under
threat of killings on their threats of
arrests and a number of offices of
independent media have been fire bombed
or just destroyed allegedly by
government forces so we're gonna go
right now and see one of the local media
offices that's been fire bombs there's
police standing outside we're not sure
if they're gonna let us in or not but
we're gonna go take a look and see when
you go inside can we go inside here we
can't just film inside here Renaissance
office we're being told that we can we
can't even film the building but you
know there's bullet holes looks like the
bottom parts been burned out glass is
broken and there's three or four police
officers here who are relatively polite
but they don't want us to film anything
over here from this independent media
station the chief said we can't we can't
film
right now we're headed to radio public
Africa our PA and it was the most
popular station here in Burundi until it
was fire bombs
you can see the slogan right here
translates to the voice of the voiceless
but apparently that voice has been
shuttered so during the night of the
coup attempt in May this building was
actually attacked and they wanted to
silence all the news coming out about
what was happening so we'll stop by hey
believe me the guy that we're being told
it's forbidden to enter
and it's also forbidden to take pictures
of this
we've just arrived at you watch you it's
the last independent newspaper the only
one still printing and we're going to
talk to them about the threats they
faced and what still going on and how
they're able to continue to function so
this right here is the cover of the last
issue of you watch you these three
people were killed on July 1st in an
opposition neighborhood allegedly by
police forces clearly this isn't what
the government wants to be showing but
it's also clear that their threat
intimidation against media aren't really
working in this office right here what's
the situation like right now for media
in Burundi you know it's not easy
working and on there was a freedom of
speech and now to select Pyongyang like
Pyongyang North Korea are you fearful
right now
I mean is there threats on you on your
employees are they scared I think we are
crazy but we choose to stay I made a
meeting with my team with my staff and I
asked them we have two choice we're
close or we continue I don't want
anymore to feel obliged to continue I
will understand if someone of you choose
to stop because it's a very dangerous
and everybody choose to continue I was
very very proud of my team where is the
bravery come from how do you how do you
make that choice we are the last windows
opened otherwise it will be a blackout
on Burundi did not think otherwise there
is a media for government and what we
see there it's a propaganda in the
history people we say guys
you wear fighter we are fighter of
affirmation of freedom I think for a
little journalists in a situation like
this situation in Burundi we have no
choice whether to continue
