since 2001 medical marijuana has been
legal in Canada but two years ago the
system shifted away from small local
home growers to a federally regulated
system with just 25 license large-scale
marijuana producers in the country we
went to the east coast of Canada to
check out one of these commercial
operations headed Touareg anagram and
Moncton New Brunswick it's the only
licensed medicinal marijuana grow east
of Ottawa we're gonna go meet with the
president and CEO and go on an investor
tour of the facility
marijuana is a recreational drug and
it's been for a lot of years and it was
legal up until the 1920s and it's a
medicine now behind me there's investors
who are going on we have people from the
big banks of Canada and other analysts
they're basically looking at what our
data gram is doing and seeing if they
want to put their money in it there are
many people currently look like to have
the prescription it's still difficult to
find a doctor described
yes you still have a week
we talk about when we look at her
society in North America there was
prohibition we understand what happened
when prohibition ended in the
opportunities that were presented in the
liquor industry so I see the industry is
being similar I'm not proposing that
alcohol is a good thing for society and
I'm not proposing that marijuana is a
good thing for society but the reality
is that you can't stop them
obviously governments are looking at
this and saying well if we can regulate
it control the usage for our minors and
the almighty dollar in terms of Taxation
it's going to go there Sharyl ism we
have we have probably a little over
one-third that are us-based investors
you know you US market is very
fragmented with the fact that it's
illegal at a federal level a lot of the
US investors are seeing what's happening
in Canada it's a more of a friendly
framework for regulation and in Canada
we're able to create very large
companies so as a u.s. investor they're
seeing that opportunity of size and
there are those tremendous interests
from the US investors and what is your
relationship with the banking systems in
Canada started quite rocky we have five
large banks in Canada but we can't
borrow money from banks currently our
bank account was closed about a month
after I got here we received a notice
saying that you know within 30 days we
appreciate your business but please take
it elsewhere did they tell you why they
closed your bank account at first no not
nothing divulged at all whatsoever quite
shocking considering that we are illegal
business selling illegal products in
Canada so even though banks for example
the big banks in Canada still don't give
you loans you do have accounts and do
have credit cards with them absolutely
does that make you attractive to foreign
investors that kind of stability yes
because what it does is it takes it out
of the cash industry so if you're an
investor you want to make sure every
dollar finds its way into the bank
account and back to its shareholders so
you know if you're investing it in
business that's dealing solely in cash
as an investor difficult to get that
company
you
