it's Tuesday July 7th and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines
millions of Ecuadorians have come out
for Pope Francis's first mass held in
South America crowds gathered in the
country's largest city Guayaquil to
greet the pontiff's convoy as it drove
to the prayer ceremony the Pope will
also visit Bolivia and Paraguay on a
tour that includes three of the region's
tourist and smallest countries Boko
Haram has claimed responsibility for two
bombings in central Nigeria that have
killed more than 40 people dozens of
injured were treated in hospitals in the
city of Jos the bombs targeted a popular
restaurant and a mosque
who's Claire kept disown the militant
group Boko Haram has stepped up attacks
this year despite losing ground to a
coalition of soldiers from neighboring
country Armenian police removed
protesters who occupied a major Avenue
in the capital Yerevan demonstrators
have camped out for nearly two weeks
angry at a hike in electricity prices
more than 40 people were detained in
what police say was an effort to reopen
the city's main road the standoff was
the most serious unrest the former
Soviet nation has seen in recent years
heavy flooding has impacted thousands
across India's North East Assam state
has been hardest hit with more than
65,000 people homeless or seeking
shelter authorities said about 10,000
acres of crops were also under water
state authorities have set up three
relief camps to deal with the worsening
conditions
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world due
to the internet due to different forms
of communication I think a lot of young
people are better informed about what
the UN is even doing the UN is all over
the world it's helping children young
people are in a unique position because
they're already online and they're
already on the internet they can reach
out to folks they can talk to the UN
directly they can tweet at them I think
the UN probably could do a better job of
listening to those voices because in a
lot of cases children are the ones and
Millennials are the ones that are in a
position to change things in the coming
years
