may I see of the numeric to talk shop
approach this nest gotta redeem us
monogamy - no it was a prob look at
obscure Teresa don't know process
deliora see they left and invited Santa
Parganas hypocrisy of tea leaves a
Samaritan never of bacteria traverse' I
mean abscissa T they've spotted on in
Coon Rapids on Jen Angus did rabbits
alav√©s may see a feed nerve appears in
me Tantra basically sorry yes very odd
his most rabid occasion ellipsis what
Greeks feared became a reality after the
talks collapsed between Athens and its
international creditors the referendum
vote on Sunday July faithful now call on
the nation to decide yes to Europe or no
to austerity we wanted to meet the
people on the streets as they tried to
withdraw money from the banks it's been
well over 12 hours as the referendum was
called and we saw the first reactions by
some Greeks going to ATMs to withdraw
money just in case banks collapse I see
but what is in a while Philip - oh yeah
well then we'll just pick a corona
parama pero ya capoeira no foul ah thank
you
so sweet the eggs left ah then after you
sing it come on another after of time
these are give me some tough OG brazuca
ragosa's the left arm ooh the left um
evil then is that plan of the left arm
of the viene cannonier's who can name as
probably it was a prob look at obscure
Teresa the loan process deliora see the
left arm was in Vancouver Canada
California para Japan the trend is
growing uncertainty on whether the
country's gonna remain in the eurozone
and there's a cap on banks and they're
closed until Monday so wanna go see is
anyone shopping anything okay okay
yes you know me poorly tsunami in the
Nevada Commission only making philosophy
met up with a logical process Maori team
authority summaries all happiness except
except I draw don't let Dean new nest
gotta eat imagine terms of Greece's
bailout or based on complicated
financial concepts people are confused
about what an outcome of a yes-or-no
vote would bring to the country we had
it to speak without a Stevie Scott Z's
and Athens University professor and a
prominent yes vote supporter it's about
nothing
it's like a so about nothing but bogus
referendum on a fandom question this
proposal that supposedly is the proposal
of the Greek people will decide on is
non-existent anymore it was replaced by
another proposal and then another
proposal by the troika and institutions
so this is more a raid rather than a
real referendum no means this exiting
the eurozone yes means that Greece will
remain in the eurozone the government
tried to exploit the nationalistic
instinct and the sense the sense of
beyond the dog our culture in the always
attacked by vicious
Americans Europeans or Germans or so
there is a great danger that a lot of
digs are going to disprove to vote in
the referendum more with instincts than
with rational deliberation with a driven
by national pride or not many Greeks are
still prepared to come out onto the
streets to push for the no campaign and
support Alexis tsipras
we headed to the offices of the European
Commission where a crowd of a few
hundred people had gathered outside to
march in support of the no vote in the
upcoming referendum in the country to
get out of here why should it be move
outside the euro in order to build
something for me and I'm not going to
start at the very same spot on the
following days thousands showed up to
back the yes vote many of whom were
protesting for the very first time
the crowd is pretty unusual I think many
of them are the first time at a protest
some wearing suits and others wedges but
all United calling Prime Minister's
people keep getting out of the euro is
that completely a hundred a thousand a
million times worse than a bad deal
but at the moment we're not in a
position of power to negotiate for a
better deal so honestly I think we
should get whatever we can right now to
stay in the end of the big government
even at this very last morning
the referendum has split Greeks into an
OH&S camp with a cap on banks and the
growing uncertainty a lingering fear
remains for the country already deeply
polarized the result will define
Greece's place in the world for years to
come
