over the weekend Alexandria Acacio
Cortez the Democrat who shocked Joe
Crowley in New York campaigned far from
her home turf to support another
candidate pushing the party to the left
Abdullah Siyad is running for governor
of Michigan and with fresh backing from
Ocasio Cortez and Bernie Sanders he's
hoping to make history in Michigan's
August 7th primary both as a progressive
and a Muslim
who here believes we need new blood in
places like Lansing in DC Lamia Abdul El
Sayed is an Ivy league-educated doctor
who ran Detroit's health department at
just 30 years old but for many voters
he's already been defined by one thing I
don't look like the usual candidate for
governor after all they only tell me in
off duel it's not that we disagree with
what you have to say this is something
you're a little bit young you're also a
little bit brown and a little bit Muslim
how's that gonna work out for you can
you explain to me what you're trying to
do there when you defuse the situation
at the top looks like a joke about it
being able to dispense with the clear
differences and frankly other people's
discomfort with those differences via
humor is always an easy way to get us to
the
Elsayed is one of a wave of
muslim-american candidates running for
office in 2018 nearly 90 according to a
Washington Post analysis if he wins he'd
be the first Muslim American governor in
American history but even here in the
state with the largest number of Muslim
American residents in the nation Elsayed
says he's facing discrimination over his
religion from both parties that's
Patrick Colbeck one of else' ads
Republican opponents he says his
concerns have nothing to do with elsei
its religion he's the vice president of
the Muslim Students Association which
was formed by the Muslim Brotherhood in
now Abdul has responded to that and
directly refuted any affiliation with
the Muslim Brotherhood and he's also
pointed out that the college association
he was president of no longer has any
affiliation with it no longer has
association all right right did he ever
say the credo that Allahu Akbar jihad is
my spirit I will die to establish Islam
that's been done at national assembly's
where they've had regional assemblies
where that is on tape it doesn't take
much to go off and google that and find
examples of that being spotted at at
different organizations and I'd be
curious if he's ever gone off on
professor the Muslim Students
Association was started in the 1960s by
people with some ties to the Muslim
Brotherhood but an expert in Islamic
studies told vice news that the two no
longer had any direct connections and
though some al-qaeda members have
allegedly been active in MSA the group
has no official ties to the terrorist
organization could we just have another
round of applause for the candidates for
being here
on the Democratic side Elsayed says
party leaders were already skeptical
whether he could win as the
anti-establishment progressive I'm
running this campaign without touching a
dime of corporate money because I know
every single dollar that flows into our
system is a dollar that puts folks like
you behind he also accused Democratic
Party leaders of launching a whisper
campaign about his religion you can
imagine these folks in power be like oh
no no this can't work
but he's brown and Muslim he can't win
so you think it's really because they
think you're an I would really had I had
we'll just say very powerful people who
call a lot of shots in the party sit me
down and say we think you're great you
just you know it's not that we're racist
it's just that we think people outside
of Southeast Michigan a racist and so
you can't win see make sense they're
like no not how it works thank you and
if you think I'm ever gonna stop you got
the wrong guy the Michigan Democratic
Party didn't respond to a request for
comment on LC ads claims and they did
denounce Cole Beck's allegations so did
one of L say its primary opponents but
the other schreeten Adar dodged
questions about them did you think it
was appropriate for the Republican to
raise those issues in the race
you know I am focused on my race and I'm
focused on my candidacy and my um my
focus is taking Michigan to the next
level well the Democratic Party and your
other opponent Gretchen Whitmer books
announced the Republicans claims so I
just wonder why you're not willing to
focus on getting picking our state to
the next level and I think the important
issues are that we talk about education
we talk about infrastructure so you
don't think it was inappropriate because
I have a thing and then we have a thank
you for your time are you a member of
the Muslim Brotherhood no are you or
anybody in your family affiliated with
the Muslim Brotherhood
no and are you part of some conspiracy
to bring Sharia law to the US no okay
what do you make of the fact that these
are questions being asked about you in
your
look it is frustrating I'm running to be
the best governor for my state a state
where I was born the state where I was
raised the state where I went to college
the state where I'm raising my daughter
the state that my wife and I have chosen
to call home
these questions are going to persist so
I don't think I'm frustrated as much as
I'm resigned to the facts of the world a
January of 2019 you know who's gonna be
watching Donald J Trump a Muslim Arab
American doctor getting elected governor
in a state that he barely won good luck
in 2020 sir good luck still even some of
his own supporters are worried about how
his religion will affect his campaign
his race his religion all of it is
something unfortunately in the West
Michigan area that is not well accepted
have you guys seen anti-muslim sentiment
is that so absolutely like what now put
the Abdul's sign out in the yard the
first thing I think is okay who's gonna
you know come through and and like drive
over it or something I mean that's the
first thing I I worry about and it is
creating unique problems for his
campaign they've received death threats
Elsayed wouldn't let vice film the
exterior of his campaign office out of
concern for staffers safety but that's
part of why he's running part of what
comes with being Muslim is a deep faith
and in our faith we spend a lot of time
reflecting on on mortality so you're
gonna die sometime and hey you know it'd
be a pretty epic way to go out fighting
for the things that you believe in so
you have that about the prospect I
thought a lot about it because of this
campaign yeah I mean I know I don't I do
this at no uncertain risk to myself and
frankly the people around me but that's
the thing life is about about moving
forward and I know that I don't want my
daughter to grow up in a world where
seeing a political sign with the name
Abdul in it is any different than seeing
one with the name Steve on it
you
you
