for the foreseeable future the turtle
egg black market isn't going away which
means monitoring the beach is the only
way to combat the illegal trade because
of the decline of volunteerism didier is
one of the few people who steal patrols
mo impeach hola Senor now didier has to
rely on private contractors as well as
the police from the safety of his small
conservation crews the police he says
need to be called continuously for
support as poachers are not their first
priority in an area known for crime and
drugs we sought out the police
commissioner of limo to ask him about
his department's role in curbing the
rampant turtle egg poaching there's lots
of issues here on this Beach with
poachers with other things and we know
that sometimes the police aren't really
here that much I mean are there regular
patrols or other active patrols really
protecting the Turtles Osric we rent a
cinco de mantenemos sumotori or regular
a callous wanna toda la noche mo logrado
a tener amarte cuatro personas a con
esta hora que son present ADO's a lotta
Scalia's correspond dientes we've heard
you know people describe the bat like
there's a battle here between
conservationists and poachers do you see
it that way or is it more is a kamar is
it more aggressive bueno Costa Rica TOA
la permanente pantea no ha sido detect a
tenemos una Buena políticas de
prevention social k a mighty god oh este
fra hello ya permit EOG costa rican
ozono grado sr ya tenemos glucose I'll
ADO's que son control ADO's wanna lay
his correspondence a second Costa Rica
al our people are still scared c'mon Dez
pitch on over us all dose tipo parte de
la fuerza publica Costa Rica invitados
para que venga y tratar de las
maravillas que tiene el mayo miente
coastal I sense a algun lugar en
continuación de seguridad y paz para
que pueda estar todo sobre yeses que
esta es puesto el mundo para
while the police commissioner was
essentially telling us that everything
was safe annoying beach didier got a
disturbing message from one of his team
members what does happens when we're
wearing the interview yeah the our group
comes out they are looking for turtles
and they found poachers with a turtle
poachers attack the group to keep away
the same in a message and I asked to the
Commissioner send a patrol to hear they
find the group and now poachers care but
they are looking in the poachers in the
bush so as the police commissioner was
telling us that the beach is safe the
guys that were trying to protect the
turtles the conservationists were
attacked he's you saw perception you
know while the attackers were still on
the loose a security patrol car ahead of
us had driven into a trap presumably SAT
by poachers so the the poachers have
made a trap for this car it's stuck
we're trying to figure out how to get it
out right now oh wow yeah damn so they
dug this the poachers they made the
whole too they know that we used to this
is there a to come to the beach so they
dig a hole and they cover it what I did
they dig the hole hey this is not the
first in the order they do this all the
time other night we had a tongue they'd
legal the tree is a large trees yeah
I don't know how they can get this car
out yeah
attacks like this are common on Moya
beach in fact Didier tells us that the
police are there more to protect
conservationists than to stop poaching
you
