it's tuesday june thirtieth and hear
some of the news beyond the headlines
there are long lines at gas stations and
banks as Greeks rush to stock up on cash
and fuel an anticipation that the
country will default on a 1.8 billion
dollar loan the government ordered banks
to shut down and ATMs are restricting
withdrawals to 60 euros a day worried
residents are using that cash to stock
up on fuel and supplies the Greek
government plans to keep the emergency
measures in place until July fifth in a
bid to prevent the financial system from
completely collapsing thousands of
refugees are fleeing Burundi for
neighboring countries as voting for a
new Parliament gets underway the UN says
more than six thousand refugees have
fled to Tanzania over the past four days
bringing the total number there to more
than 66,000 weeks of violent protests
against the president's attempt to gain
a third term in office have left dozens
dead and displays tens of thousands in
the Central African country Egypt's top
public prosecutor is dead after a car
bomb exploded as he was leaving his home
in Cairo Monday Nashawn barakat was the
highest ranking government official to
die in a militant attack since president
mohammed morsi was ousted in a military
coup in 2013 judiciary officials have
been increasingly targeted by Islamist
militants angered by prison sentences
imposed on members of the Muslim
Brotherhood
that old belief that sharks sink when
they stop swimming has been disproven by
a new discovery scientists in Hawaii
found two species of shark that can
actually float to the surface the
sixgill and prickly sharks have what is
known as positive buoyancy which allows
them to glide uphill and surfacing
scientists hope to find out how this
trade affects daily activities like
hunting and migrating check out the vice
news YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world Colorado industry I say has
been incredibly patient with this
bureaucracy they have new rules thrown
at them monthly and it drives them crazy
and yet they continue to keep at it and
continue to flourish so it's dealing
with lawmakers dealing with policy
trying to make this a level playing
field for this industry that's what the
hurdle is
