the average college graduate is saddled
with thousands of dollars of death
because the average cost of a four-year
education in this country has exploded
over the last two decades but the data
consistently shows that those are the
bachelor's degree out earn those with
high school degrees so what is the value
of education for subject tonight coming
to you from Boston Massachusetts this is
the business of life
hello I'm Michael Moynihan and welcome
to the business of life coming to you
this week from these student infested
streets of Boston Massachusetts earlier
today I was talking to a young
production assistant here on the set who
goes to Brandeis University now this
sets his parents back a staggering 63
thousand dollars a year that's a quarter
of a billion dollars to complete his
undergraduate education and this he told
me was one of the reasons that next year
he is transferring so is it worth it is
the crippling debt accrued by students a
smart financial decision compared to the
rest of the world why do Americans pay
so much for higher education as always
we're gonna break down this issue using
facts figures dollars and cents and I'm
joined by a panel exceptionally clever
people uniquely qualified to answer the
question what is the value of education
so let's meet them
Zack malim ed is a junior at the
University of Maryland in the founder
and executive director of student voice
a nonprofit organization advocating for
student participation in education
reform
Allison Trager is an economist and
writer she went all the way in higher
education earning a PhD in economics
from Columbia University that should
come in handy and Gail J Stevens is a
self-described elementary school dropout
and a recipient of the teal fellowship
which awarded him $100,000 to found
uncommon that seeks to change the notion
that going to college is the only path
to success he's also the author of this
book hacking your education which you
should all buy so let's get to our first
topic going to college this is kind of a
big topic the question that everyone
asks me and the one that I want to know
Allison as the economists in the room
why is it so expensive well not every
school $63,000 I mean you can go to
state schools or you can go to community
colleges and those are cheaper I mean
even the cost of those schools have been
getting more expensive and that
partially has to do with administration
facilities fees and just general
inflation
I'm just accosted to go to school a
little over 45 that wasn't you are
accrue
Det rapidly I'm referring Det I know who
doesn't have any college debt you nailed
down Oh Yale's a reason for being on
this panel decides being brilliant and a
fantastic author is you chose not to go
to college in in X sort of ideological
way you said this is not worth it for me
it's an expensive choice um my parents
certainly were other kinds of people who
like put away money in a five to nine
savings plan might not actually still
emails me being like there's this
balance left er you get are you ever
going to use it probably not we're gonna
chip away at this idea of of why
colleges so expensive because it has
ballooned in cost let's go to our first
number one in three
that's number of college graduates who
say that their current job does not
require a bachelor's degree does anyone
here have a job it seems like you know
you're really not using what you studied
for I got my Bachelor of Fine Arts in
acting and I'm currently a waitress in a
bowling alley and I graduated with Latin
honors from Boston University but I
serve beer to other college kids if
someone comes to you and say that I am
going to do is I'm going to take out X
amount of money I'm bringing in a
theater degree return on investment
that's quite different isn't it well not
necessarily
I think that's taking a short-term
perspective I mean she graduated during
a tough economy but in a rough economy
your best hedge against downturns and
risk is an education well let's talk
about student debt student loans are the
only type of consumer debt that has
increased since 2008 and 4% of Americans
with student debt no more than $100,000
on their loans there's one stuff that I
really want to point out I think it's
incredibly important to realize that the
US Department of Education makes fifty
billion dollars in profit off of our
student loans fifteen billion dollars in
profit is more than ExxonMobil the most
profitable company in the United States
makes and that's off of our education
that's off of our future so when it
comes to actually solving this problem I
don't think that we're necessarily just
looking at you know the system fixing
itself we're looking at multiple
stakeholders coming to the table of
course students need to express their
frustration with the system if students
aren't frustrated they keep paying all
this money for college
gonna thrive and the students in math
will suffer who thinks they have the
highest student loan debts in this room
raise your hand to the rooftop if you're
like like oh my god like I have this
horrible what was initially I had about
$80,000 with the dead but you paid that
money off most of it yeah it's beautiful
education that you paid $80,000 for
allowed you to make that sort of money
to pay it off yeah cuz I will be able to
pay this off I took a risk and it's
working so you would say it was a good
investment for me yeah that's all I'm
saying is it just worked out for me
let's go to our next step we have did a
graph these are lifetime earnings sorted
by major you'll see they up there at the
top is chemical engineering which Nets a
median of over two million dollars in a
lifetime and down there at the bottom
unsurprisingly fine art which yields
just above five hundred thousand dollars
I think what our guest said at the end
here is is perfect right it worked for
you and the key is is that not everyone
should go right if you want to be an
artist maybe doesn't make the most sense
if you want to go into something it's
actually going to pay off it may make
sense but if you want to be say a
computer scientist it also may make more
sense to go to a three month coding boot
camp that cost ten thousand dollars has
an NDA person employability rate and
will get you a job in three months I
think we have to step back and really
define what people are getting out of
college traditionally it was not seen as
a vocational degree this is a lifetime
degree you're gonna have is that these
are lifetime earnings not the first five
ten years out and most economists agree
if you want to thrive in the modern
labor market you have to be really
resilient and that requires this or the
right balance of both technical and
interpersonal and social skills
absolutely good learning and learning
how to make friends and going to parties
and all those kinds of things are
incredibly important part of the culture
and community building and networking
right but you can do that in Thailand
for three months if you know the two
thousand dollars as opposed to going to
college for sixty three doesn't know
totally not the same thing and he said
the the group work this group dynamic is
an economist here at Harvard Larry Katz
talks a lot about how even like Liberal
Arts degrees teach you a lot of very
important soft skills it's hard to
quantify that it might be hard to see
that
years out of college but it does teach
you how to be adaptable how to think
critically how to think analytically and
these are gonna be really important to
thrive in the modern labor mark what
about this like the barista with the BA
should everybody actually go to call
well think about it like this we have
the highest high school graduation rate
in American history at 81 percent
eighty-six percent of those students
actually end up going to college but out
of those 86 percent of students who
graduate high school and go to college
what we're finding is that only 56
percent of those students actually stay
in school and gradually that doesn't
mean that these students who don't
complete high school or don't complete
college are don't have a place in the
workforce what it means is that we have
to come up with alternative routes for
these students to actually be able to
pursue a learning experience what Dale
is pursuing is one option it shouldn't
be the only option and I think one of
the tricks here is making sure that the
options we create aren't for just those
who can afford to not go to college
college as a safety net that's why I'm
going to college but there are
opportunities that students who don't
have the privilege of having familial
support to go on and pursue other
learning experiences but there needs to
be a development of those opportunities
I have something for you it's our next
number children 25% that's the increase
in in-state public college tuition from
1984 to 2014 that doesn't surprise me
now I'm gonna tell you something did
surprise me the other day I was reading
the New York Times this Times article
said that a recent study said of public
universities 19 percent of students are
graduating in four years okay now moving
on this is the same article Community
College five percent are earning their
associate's degree in two years so the
sense that we look at people saying this
is what a cost to go to a four-year
college most people are going for six
years yeah I mean so we're all the stuff
that you see and say US News and World
Report's those are all based off of
six-year figures which is just
absolutely mind-blowing I think that
community colleges are a great option
but other countries had things like
apprenticeship programs for example to
provide other pathways into the
workforce for people who need on-the-job
experience that companies can fund
because they can see the the reason that
they need employees that doesn't
necessarily have to be tied to
governmental funding in any way
whatsoever I'm not the only factor in
this but I would like to argue the fact
that we see the highest high school
graduation rate in American history
doesn't mean returning up people ready
for college there's
over the past decade two decades two
graduate students to graduate student
because expensive schools s schools
funding is directly tied to student's
performance on state tests yeah let's be
clear like graduate graduating doesn't
mean you learned what you need to learn
who out here had the same experience in
college that they felt like people were
they were just like I get you out you
did that's definitely happened to me
before it it had gotten to a point in
one of my accounting courses that I was
so deep into it by the end of the
semester I had already looked into
taking the class the next semester cuz I
was like there's no way I'm gonna pass
this and then before the final our
professor told us I'm gonna upload a
survey on to our online forum and you
can fill it out and tell me what grade
that you think that you deserve but
you'd have to like calculate your
homework grade and your tests and
calculate like your actual grade and
then like state what you think you
deserve I knew I was gonna bomb the
final I put that I think I deserve to
see and cleanest I need a border so I
did where I ended up getting bad guys
gonna leave in an opening like that
I'm gonna take it but I was just happy I
passed all right let's move on to our
next number nineteen fifteen all the way
back during World War one that's the
last year when the wage gap between high
school and college graduates was as
large as it is today
you're the on college man that would
seem to suggest to me that this is the
high cost of not going to college right
I mean that gap is enormous and we're
100 years later this is at a record high
there's a couple of factors that you
need to consider when when looking at
the gap between high school earnings and
college
earnings the first is that all of these
earnings are for people who are over 25
so they're not considering the 23 to 25
year olds who in the last couple of
years have not been able to find jobs of
whatsoever also if you look at the graph
of how long it takes you to earn back
your college education it's been
creeping up from 33 to 34 to 35 - it's
36 today we've also seen the real
earnings of college graduates adjusted
for inflation decline in the last ten
years at the same time that the cost of
college is skyrocketing so the real
question is is college adding any value
or all the smart people
going to college sack is it adding value
you're racking up the debt man he's not
going to school you are the best way to
answer this would be in 20 years but I
can't do that so I don't have the luxury
of that at the moment so I would say
that whenever I describe my college
experience it but it's buying me time
it's buying me time to figure out who I
want to be what do i what do I want to
do but there are ways to explore
yourself and understand who you are in
semi-structured ways by say taking a gap
year which you said that you did how
many people have the luxury of having
the money to do that though going abroad
and taking a gap year can be really
cheap without the safety net of knowing
that you might come back and have a
better chance of getting a job than had
you you're going to make friends and
have life experiences and do all the
things that that we asked run not have a
job I said I did a gap year and I went
to college and graduate school and I
mean gap year was a great time I made
lifelong friends but I can't say made
the same sort of social connections and
built up the same skills I did in
college let's be real here the social
experience is about getting drunk and
having sex and you can do that down the
street at your local boy that's that's
unfair also I think it's really not fun
fair at all that is a ton of what the
college experience is about you've never
been to college you don't know I spent
six months in college I spent six
million dollars we dropped out so let's
go to our next number $100,000 that's
the amount of money given to teal
fellows to defer college in work outside
an academic setting
currently the percentage of successful
entrepreneurs in high-growth industries
who report having a bachelor's degree
95%
I think the interesting thing about the
till Fellowship is that it's a two
million dollar PR campaign to talk about
this right we are now having this
conversation and I think it's more
important than ever for students to make
an intentional choice about where
they're going to school and what they're
majoring and I think I think that in in
that sense because of your very presence
here Peter teal has been successfully
that's a lot of information to
assimilate I want to know what you guys
think questions comments etc this man
right here thank you
studying abroad was a really meaningful
part of my college experience but it was
an expensive one do you think that it is
it
worthwhile expenditure for most
undergraduate students I think it just
depends on what your financial resources
are and also I mean my also might be
relevant what you're studying if you're
studying Spanish I mean obviously that
will take your Spanish to another level
ideally it would be open to the people
who wouldn't normally have access I mean
a lot of kids grow up getting to go to
Europe with their parents the kids who
never would have that sort of experience
probably the one to benefit the most the
State Department also has some very nice
scholarships for learning languages that
are deemed critically important efforts
out there if you if you if you look hard
enough let's move on to our second topic
the modern campus and let's bring up our
first number seven percent that's the
admission rate for Columbia University
in 2014 in nineteen eighty eight that
number was sixty five percent who got
into their first choice College I'm just
gonna I'm gonna go to you just because
you're right about sight um I got into
Boston College that was my first choice
did you have
the the instinct that so many people
that I know have which is to just shoot
the moon and say I'll apply to Harvard
or Columbia or something I don't know
I'm my sister into VC so I knew that was
somewhere that I wanted to go and I did
apply to Harvard and I didn't get in but
it also wasn't my first choice I knew
that BC was a better I see you applied
to Harvard I did and you didn't get in
now but it wasn't your first chance
that's the twist yeah they would have
been lucky to have you yeah yeah yeah
how are these elite universities doing
with students on the lower end of the
income scale minority students that have
been traditionally ignored by these
universities I believe this push is
happening but I mean I think the problem
really happens before college those are
the students that don't get access to
sort of good high school education or
even elementary school education and
don't end up on the track I think
universities would love to have that
diverse student body of different income
levels but it's hard to find the
qualified students because they're just
being shortchanged much earlier on I
agree I think it's one of the biggest
mistakes we make in these conversations
around education is saying let's talk to
just about higher ed let's talk just
about k12 let's talk just about the
workforce they're all interconnected to
silo them off is to really you know
create a disjointed system where there's
no flow and students certainly
benefit from that all right let's go to
our next number more than half of
employers prefer applicants with quote
traditional degrees from an average
University over online degrees from a
top university I am going to throw this
to my techno utopian friend who lives in
San Francisco deal I remember a time
when online education was gonna be the
great panacea for everything right that
was 2012 that was 2012 good this is
going to bring cost down because we can
get all this stuff to people through the
basic internet connection employers
aren't biting are they I think online
education sort of came out of the gate
with such such fury because they're
people leaving Google to do this right
and they started Udacity and Coursera
and certainly Udacity and Coursera made
a lot of headway getting top
universities on board and I think the
most interesting thing that they were
able to prove is that the content
doesn't actually matter that much right
what matters is having an interesting
experience being around a body of peers
who can push you and challenge you in my
work I see employers increasingly
reaching out to me who are now saying
everyone we see has a college degree so
we can no longer use that as a filtering
mechanism there's one company that's
buying into this and that's Starbucks
you know Starbucks is working with
Arizona State University to cover half
the tuition for its employees to pursue
online degrees through our zona State
University but the problem here is not
many of their employees are taking this
on let's go the next number which is
related 97% that's the dropout rate for
Duke University's massive open online
course in bioelectricity over for 12,000
students only 313 completed the course I
looked a little more at this in some of
these other courses MIT a similar course
had a 5 percent completion rate another
Duke course had 53,000 students and
again a 5 percent completion like
Starbucks and these guys can invest all
they want people don't seem to be sort
of biting on this type of learning well
so the thing with Starbucks and Arizona
State University is that these students
are actually getting degrees not just
the certificates that some of these
MOOCs are providing so they're holding
it to this let's blitz
clear that MOOC is an acronym yeah sorry
I'm never open online course okay yeah
not a slander yeah okay yeah so really
what you see here is that when we value
the online degree in the same way that
we value the degree of someone taking
physical classes students are more
likely to complete those courses and the
more the corporations and other
employers actually start accepting these
alternative models of going through the
educational experience entertaining the
skills that you need to get a job and on
college is included in that you're going
to see more people pursuing these routes
it's a top-down system where the
employers are going to be the ones that
really drive what students actually end
up pursuing and what they invest their
time in one of the reasons you have such
high dropout rates in community colleges
is the lower income students don't come
in with the right support yeah and it's
hard enough at Community College but it
was online it's even worse and so what
we've seen with the MOOCs is all the
MOOCs have have developed coaching
systems and they developed coaching
system because they found that students
when they're working one-on-one with a
coach does that we cover week goals and
keep them accountable actually do
complete the course in your world which
you know is it kind of a separate
ecosystem and and in Silicon Valley what
is the perception of this kind of thing
being a dropp'd is absolutely a point of
pride in Silicon Valley right if
anything it buys you social capital
yeah is being a dropout or an
entrepreneur is about as sexy as being
the next Michael Jordan or LeBron James
today a hundred percent is that true
that is that true I said sexy to be a
dropper at any dropouts here well no
damn dropout it so you have to be a
dropout and an entrepreneur a lot of
people in Silicon Valley pushing for
things like immigration reform because
we don't have enough people in this
country to actually fill positions that
are required to develop technology so
what you'll see here is the global
percentages of tertiary educated adults
across the world basically people that
have college degrees at the top you'll
see somewhat surprisingly the Russian
Federation has the highest percentage of
tertiary educated adults they also have
very low literacy rate by the way and
down at the bottom uh China this brings
us to another stat cuz we want to talk
about the sort of globalized world of
education thirty thousand PhDs
that's the number of degrees awarded in
science and engineering in China per
year in the u.s. we Ward around 25,000
per year now obviously brought a
different population of billion versus
of 312 phd's aren't equal I mean the
best researchers in the world all come
here I came back to America to do my PhD
because it was much better here why is
that by the way I mean people loved it
like all the other systems are so great
you know they're all public universities
that are severely underfunded and that's
one of the reasons they're cheap and you
know more accessible but American
universities if you're a researcher or
your professor they're a great place you
get great resources you don't have a big
teaching load and for that reason they
attract the superstar professors from
all over the world a lot to digest and
assimilate so I'm gonna throw it to you
guys and see who has a question for for
our panelist so I'm wondering what do
other countries do on in terms of higher
education that maybe we can implement
here this is a really a great question a
very important one why can we not be
like Sweden what is the reason for that
I mean why why is there so much
resistance to that kind of model
structurally it's because the there's no
centralization of curriculum in this
country and every ed department in all
50 states has has a different
jurisdiction over the curriculum in each
other students I mean do we want to be
like that as I mentioned earlier I mean
our universities are the best in the
world because they are you know a lot of
them are private and they have more
resources so that's why their research
centers I mean they're not teaching
centers and they're not free and they're
expensive but you know there's a lot of
really good things about our university
system that makes it the envy of all the
world you never hear about great
scientific breakthroughs coming through
Sweden or Germany and most of their
talented academics while E and
universities here Zakhar I see some Zak
skepticism well we also have one of the
most heterogeneous countries in the
world whether it be socio-economic fully
racially you know Geograph everything we
were so diverse and to expect you know a
student from you know urban Oakland
California to have the same needs and
the same learning experience as a
student from rural Iowa is just
unrealistic you know Sweden Adi
come on you're gonna compare America to
Sweden we compare America to Finland all
the time America is nothing like Finland
as a country I was just elected in
Sweden for four years and it's true they
are all the same oh all right we're
gonna we're gonna take another question
right there can we expect a student that
bail out in the near future if you
really want to bail out like go out and
vote for people are gonna help you make
that happen
like that that's the end of the story
like we can't expect something that we
don't advocate for so we have as a
country do you not believe in it it
won't happen this is a good point
because the the craziness of college one
of them is the sticker price the other
one is seeing people that are rearing
children from six months old to go to
like Princeton or some we've bought into
the system I mean like this is so the
universe the higher education system is
a business there's no denying that I get
remember I said you know they're making
fifty billion dollars US Department of
Education is making fifty billion
dollars off of our loans the fact that
it is a business means that we as
consumers of this business have the
ability to influence it if we don't
choose to influence it and push it in a
certain direction that we desire then it
will never move in that direction so we
can complain all we want but unless we
do something about it nothing's gonna
happen
that congratulations you are the first
guests in the history of business of
life to get applause during the question
and answer period all right I'd like to
thank all of our panelists for joining
us today
Zack Ellison and Dale and the good
people of Boston Massachusetts and thank
you all for watching and we'll see you
next time on the business of life
business of life is made possible by
better money habits it's a free resource
that helps you build practical knowledge
and take control of your finances
powered by Bank of America see more that
our money habits calm
you
you
