other Peshmerga guessing enough weapons
in Britain in France from America to
finish what kind of weapons to come on
yeah you know Twitter guys
any modern army would need sufficient
arms and equipments to fight another
army let's not forget that Isis is not
just an organization they almost are a
full-blown army after they seized and
captured so many weapons from the Syrian
and from the Iraqi army the limited
equipment or weapons that the peshmergas
have is making it more difficult for the
peshmergas to quickly win this war
it seems that the Peshwa regard
offensive capabilities but no offensive
capabilities do you think that's from a
fear that any weapon specially given may
be using the future computation factor
that's wrong
we never intend to sort out our problems
with the Iraqi government by military
means if they are expecting a war
between the Kurds and the Iraqi army and
they are providing all this weapons to
the Iraqi army to the Iraqi government
is it fair to say that they are being
biased and supporting Iraqi government
against the Kurds we are part of the
Iraqi government unfortunately we are
not treated when it comes to the rights
as equal partners in this country on the
individual basis we see so much sympathy
and the popular support even within the
United States and around the world and
everybody is praising and supporting the
peshmerga's and the Kurds and we are
very thankful for their support by
providing us with the air coverage and
all these airstrikes have been extra
extremely helpful but when it comes to
the support to the peshmerga's perhaps
there are some objections and maybe some
countries in the region are objecting to
the Kurds being provided with heavy
equipment but the irony is that
everybody is expecting the Kurds to
fight Isis with the smallest arms
possible
