more than four thousand US soldiers were
killed during the Iraq war and tens of
thousands more were wounded additionally
according to some estimates hundreds of
thousands of Iraqi civilians died during
the conflict as well there can be no
doubt that Sodom Hussein has biological
weapons and the capability to rapidly
produce more many more and he has the
ability to dispense these lethal poisons
and diseases in ways that can cause
massive death and destruction Morell
admitted that the intelligence the CIA
produced about Saddam Hussein's nuclear
intentions and his vast chemical and
biological weapons cache that paved the
way to war was seriously flawed and the
result of groupthink
he's one of the first CIA officials to
come clean about it now he's apologizing
for getting it wrong about a third of
the way through your book you have a
paragraph and it's sort of
heartbreakingly honest where you
apologize to Colin Powell for getting
the information that then he brought to
the UN for getting it wrong would you
give the same apology to say a gold star
mother like Debbie Lee whose son Mark
Lee was the first seal killed in Iraq so
let me tell you why I did it for Colin
Powell and here's a guy who had a
stellar reputation who served his
country extraordinarily well in a series
of positions over the years and deserves
that stellar reputation quite frankly
that reputation was tarnished by what he
when he went before the UN and laid out
the case right and then that case turns
out to be wrong almost every part of it
turned out to be wrong you know that
that was a big part of my thinking and
the other part of my thinking was that I
knew that he had said to folks over the
years you know nobody from the agencies
ever apologized to me and so that's why
I wanted to apologize to him and I did
send in the chapter before the book got
published and he called me and we talked
for about 45 minutes and he was deeply
appreciative of the apology and yes the
apology applies to every single American
you
