it's thursday jun 18 and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines
stores businesses and schools shut down
across indian-controlled Kashmir on
Wednesday separatists called for a
general strike to protest a series of
killings over the past week authorities
say rebels shot four people in the back
of the head the separatists who
challenged India's sovereignty believe
secret government agencies were behind
the recent killings separatists also say
the murders echo the style of government
backed militias that killed hundreds of
rebels and activists in the 1990s
the Greek central bank is threatening to
exit the eurozone if it can't reach a
deal with international creditors the
country risks defaulting on a 1.8
billion dollar loan unless it receives
new funds by June thirtieth a default
would likely wreak havoc on financial
markets and might cause a run on Greek
banks forcing the government to impose
controls on how much money people can
withdraw
peace talks between the Colombian
government the rebel group FARC resumed
in Havana on Wednesday the talks come
amid an escalation in violence in
Colombia FARC ended a six-month
unilateral ceasefire in May after a
military attack killed 27 of its members
two years of negotiations resulted in
agreement on land reform and victims
rights contentious issues such as human
rights abuses have slowed progress Egypt
has reopened a major metro station in
Cairo after a two-year closure policeman
manually checked tickets and greeted
passengers at the entrance of so that
metro station it's located below Tahrir
Square flashpoint of the uprising that
toppled president hosni mubarak in 2011
authorities closed the metro stop in
august 2013 when hundreds of supporters
of former president Mohamed Morsi was
shot dead check out the vice news
YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries were around
the world I make up with me llama llama
para makita mo rocca lo que quiero yo
con una voz de apuestas que no Valen
casa por que realmente la justicia se
hizo para la gente de enero y pan ho
todos por esto no me da novela narrow
noses en casa
Oh
