our ellos los cazadores and angkong
armas a car parent I see a new Amy Lee
metros disgust Hollywood dildo stealing
a nosotros y nosotros como esto SI
called cowboy weapons Costa Rica stands
out as one of the most environmentally
responsible countries in the world and a
prime destination for conservationists
and eco-terrorist the country is full of
biodiversity hotspots like dense
rainforests and untouched coastlines and
the government wants to keep it that way
over 25 percent of the country is made
up of national parks and protected zones
with several more proposed but it is
this unique geography that also makes
the country so vulnerable for illicit
activities there's just too much
uninhabited land to cover we travel to
the Pacific coast where Park Rangers
like Roberto Molina patrol daily for
legal activity we're with Roberto Molina
is a park ranger and we're in a
protected area called Wacha Leo we're
gonna head out on a boat to see the area
around here and talk to him about what
Rangers are going through right now in
Costa Rica wildlife poaching illegal
logging and drug trafficking are
prevalent in national parks around the
country Park Rangers are understaffed
and under armed to control the influx of
crime estas armas esta su nazar mas que
tenemos la guarda parkis de estas arma
son muy bien
our ellos los cazadores and encore armas
a current I see a new Amy Lee metros las
Casas or a fool to know stealing a
nosotros nosotras communist - psycho
cowboy weapons
with only a few hundred Park Rangers in
the entire country every ranger is
tasked with protecting an unimaginable
4,000 hectares of land
Costa Rica has a strong reputation for
protecting its wildlife protecting it
it's uh it's green areas do you think
like it's upholding that reputation then
we just laid using your ambient a lease
for another applicant komotini keys here
to loot a political knows what rose los
parque nacional de las arias Alberto
Diaz in Costa Rica la colina a logo do
lo que male generally visas a Costa Rica
no honest REO Silverson today here's y
el gobierno Nolan Teresa este me term
iguana Parque de ahora las condiciones
de cultura knows parque nationale ascend
arrows i caesarea 41 indiscriminate
yeoman for you know most pol el gobierno
puerta muy poco leatherback sea turtle
populations along the Pacific coast have
declined by over 90% in the past decade
from illegal poaching but this is only
one aspect of the crime that occurs in
these isolated areas is there a lot of
other crime happening now in the in the
parks in Costa Rica Italy makan call
Eluga tr치fico yoga's you seem possible
apart apart
those what the park is para era a
combative narcotraffic antes is
impossible assume peligro country and
Armas Posada Alma Sophie see cars so
true no podemos combat even if
experimented a narco trafficking a year
por ejemplo key in waka Leo's a year on
Italian kilo a cocaina in a playa Jarek
in Costa Rica a king waka leo
this is a fake candle to dine on Costa
Rica to de la policia where dacosta's
intervene o la primera embarkation
convent eat res poquito de cocaina
representing melatonin la da da Drogo
for a country often seen as an oasis of
safety surrounded by narco States Costa
Rica is seeing a serious uptick in drug
trafficking in unprecedented 26 metric
tons of cocaine were seized in 2014
almost four times what was intercepted
in 2011 Costa Rica smack in the middle
of the main northward around for cocaine
from Latin America headed to the United
States muchos grupos de narco traffic
antes instant redundant automatic
control in Costa Rica on the condition
we concealed his identity we spoke with
the drug dealer we agreed to call Felix
to understand how the drug trade has
spilled into Costa Rica what's the
situation like right now in Costa Rica
with drugs coming in and out of the
country
Dolman dose is 120 yes yeah look pi is
in the north I will explain the orders
the Columbia the Panama trial are
rolling out to spice is the north tomato
salsa news is that having an effect on
the rest of society here is becoming a
much more violent place cm por ciento
porque ya est치 pasando una station que
que que no es muy commune in Costa Rica
caso say mucho pices como Mexico case a
little control well domine you the the
Darrell Logan you know Costa Rica has
the reputation of being a very safe
place and I think it is still a safe
place in most places but um I mean do
you see it changing do you see the
reputation changing I said two specific
odor pies entonces esta es su seat ando
sin embargo sin embargo yo siento que
poner Turismo puede venir tranquila
menti a visitor el pais siempre Kuantan
wanting buscando peligro in lugar es
como maureen siempre cuando la gente que
viene al costa rica novena mascara so
lugares euros Clearing House Cardozo
lugar is booked Jerry monitor cosas
Costa Rica has a lot of protected areas
are protected parks that don't have a
lot of people there that are very open
how does that play into the drug trade
here los parque nacional se las las la
sona's proteus son muy vulnerables
necesito su queima where f치cilmente
Logano kikianus Aaron for Mario's to us
foreign cartels are dependent on local
Costa Ricans to help them manage their
traffic in groups causing a spike in
crime where poverty drugs and guns
collide law enforcement in Costa Rica
has been coordinating with United States
and surrounding countries to keep Costa
Rica from spiraling into a narco-state
it's estimated almost 90 percent of the
cocaine that arrives in the u.s. is
trafficked through Central America the
United States has committed nearly half
a billion dollars to help Costa Rica and
its neighbors in this fight we're
disrupting drug cartels and gangs were
working to strengthen law enforcement
and the judicial system with the help of
the US Coast Guard
more than 50,000 drug-related arrests
were made in 2014 alone we met with a
drug enforcement agent to ask about the
increase in drug-related crimes facing
Costa Rica his face and voice have been
concealed to protect his work as an
undercover agent are you seeing a lot
more drugs moving through the country
you know Costa Rica is like a bridge
they come here and like refuel the boat
and airplanes and then send it to Mexico
the US Costa Rica's avoided what's
happened in Guatemala and El Salvador
and Honduras for a very long time and
now it seems like maybe some of the
cartels some of the gangs are looking at
this as a place that they can come to
now it used to be like country everybody
thinks is peaceful and a lot of things
you know peace here and everybody's safe
so Iran is like you know closing your
eyes and don't see what's going on for
real now people from Sabah know our
people from Colombia come here is until
the government hey that was my country
25 years ago so you going that way so
the people who started see
a side effect of the drug trade is the
rise in violence throughout the country
there have been deadly consequences for
people who live or work in these same
isolated areas are you familiar at all
with the the murder of the
conservationist in 2013 Jairo people
like Haider who works for the no
conservation and there's keep on walking
on the beaches here bill we can see a
lot of things maybe he was in the wrong
place and Rome on it you know in that
moment can be someone something was
happening there and pee he said he's a
witness of this so we need to trial his
voice and that's so sad that people like
him who works for the country who
protects the nature here are you know
falling because of those during the
filming of the story sea turtle
conservationist William gait치n was
murdered in El Salvador the area he
patrolled was on a Pacific coast a
turtle nesting hotspot and along the
very same drug route that passes through
Costa Rica his murder remains unsolved
