over our dinner - Jean Arizona sir the
woods how that is the Tyra hair with a
lot of cinder defies you cannot
last August the Peshmerga forces
garrisoning erupts in JA range crumbled
under a sudden Islamic state offensive
leaving only a small force of PKK and
YPG fighters as well as local ezd
militias to defend the mountain but now
the Peshmerga are back in force and have
set their sights on the reconquest of
Sinjar City which straddles Islamic
States main supply route between Mosul
and Raqqa vice news embedded with the
Peshmerga fighters at the front line of
the war against the Islamic state we
literally just arrived at the base here
enjoy gunfire in the background quite
heavy exchange of fire mortars machine
guns
Islamic state still controls around
while the dug in on the high ground hard
dough started with the supposed witch
how long do you think it will be up here
up in this Hilton was reported solicitor
ocimum alfihri the elementary Luger
Mohamed Salah - my master I am a
majority I was very happy - Maggie it
had been a very I mean overdyne double
honor hi Jenny
from their outposts on the hilltops the
pesh MERGA can watch Islamic state
supply convoys move unhindered through
Sinjar
they believe them a subzero serious
morning
the pesh MERGA while away their tours of
duty reliving past victories we're
coming down off the mountain for the
night
it seems like the Peshmerga have the
high ground that you fire down into
Islamic state positions at will
essentially but Islamic state still
control most of town and for the moment
it just seems a stalemate we're just
looking at the remains of an ID Factory
in the house we're staying at and the
Peshmerga has said when I see IDs I'll
come and show you a house full of them
now
you tamed you ever come ha ha ha ha ha
ha ha
how are the little hopefully happy it's
the tiny electric charge from the mobile
phone or cell phone attached to it when
you call it from a distance away ignites
the detonates the whole thing yet they
don t care how many of these have you
diffused yourself probably solid unit
were kidding please give us your hashtag
by house they're gonna like this a vigil
are busy with their cavity mice the
casualties the Peshmerga actually had in
this war
well that seventy percent have been
through IEDs rather than fighting in
battle does that reflect I suppose two
different ways that the Islamic state
and the Peshmerga fight over Ikeda for I
care for I say I'm gonna hide your mana
but we take you that your own do or did
you ever aware I work the whole inner
I'm the chin up a hashtag and yet over
but you have today no that is no mere
doozy huh I'm busy now just
- Athena my cell division happiness
Shh olegovic with each mile hasta maana
very Shanna's enchanted a la cama ha no
way you could do any shine near-normal
lacustrine Balaam her diva canhardly
economist Mayo bitch - alumni Haleakala
localized berber Damita cobra me on the
sunny tomorrow era the desert and she
overlooked Imani Livy not money fish
mega city we need to delay so now are in
Bismarck a female hostage degree Balaam
but she was the couny tune the gets ka
veer hot America Rosslyn Chapel Hollis
then I cannot speak
Islamic state propaganda videos show
these isolated Poshmark
positions under constant attack
the Peshmerga took us to see the exposed
water tower position near the center of
Sinjar this constant exchange of fire
here actually recognized this position
from Islamic state propaganda videos
it's been taking pretty direct fire
constantly the past three months how far
away are Islamic state positions from
this television that Jared's on attend a
job meet Rhonda Jesse sought Mitra and
the Hagia Sophia rose on Arizona's idea
allama adama to our leader Maquis
Trujillo they have this youngster I will
try to retake these positions on the
hilltops Rosana and how little Satine
I'll be naughty Sasha kaun a zone of
severe I'm coming Athenian DVD will call
a video Hanukkah squirrel sorry - Hamas
it won't you drop on your dying
Kano's Jonah talking much you know Eric
a beginner consider mu tequila kamasutra
cocina I was owning a birth injury
almost awfully dark Ethan and me now
that cannot saw anything
what is the the military function of
this position on the altar I will test
your not easier hot like in my guilty
hot like am i gifted billion-dollar shun
Gorham a guilty I'm selling the
concession gory of haha may give him a
high morale KQ killjoy and we shall get
policy
I gave hot on Abbot of Cal Cal to
another forest how long do you think
this the stand of this stalemate in San
Jose over all the commotion gorlok
Madrid
she lobbied it what did it how would he
say the the morale of your men here on
this house I've been your under constant
fire we can hear the fire from the town
now how is the big Allison Peshmerga am
Kirk has got a Hamas will be immediate
early Muslim girl hug motto Basu I'm
Sherri Nikesh aerobic and but having
never seen the Xingu Shari aerobic cane
I got a mama
Brittany om Rico France so we can and by
having bitch in have one stone I mean
shaky sharing aerobic a damn mama be
taken
Sylla Hebden ama too steep the never let
me shake it but having good surely your
hobby became egg ahead coming under
sniper fire scars by
my goodness
get in quickly with his chance they're
gonna dog islands off the hill when he
starts a heavy incoming fire in the tank
rounds
on the Sinjar Frontline Islamic state
and Peshmerga fighters are locked in the
close range war stalemate
the Peshmerga fought away this far into
the town of Sinjar into the ruins of the
old city
at the ruins of an old fortress or
sister that they're essentially complete
surrounded by Islamic state
yeah well dug in who still control most
the city and you have the Peshmerga in
these positions inside the town under
constant surveillance and under constant
sniper and machine-gun fur how close in
the positions here to is an exciting
places for admit foreign fish maybe it
is the window are not considered honey
yours a monkey by h0 how they can
assimilate man could prove it a map a
chicken game a shame huh - Molina should
I get her on ships in port who get to
Riga - well good luck he'll show up
cause you know many Christian already
Mahalo Mahalo Christmas initiative seem
educated
how many Peshmerga were killed during
the fighting driven machine I would say
probably - any initiated that's been my
watch at home - you gotta finish what
seduced in our magazine every Lamia was
we may I'm talking the fertility hope
came did not see I'm I should see her
vision embody another seat together with
in fashion at the hotel at home single
defies you could not see
bedsheet provides the only cover from
sniper fire for the Peshmerga
reinforcing the isolated lower fortress
any visible movement immediately
attracts Islamic state snipers
everyone knows the final battle for
Sinjar will be difficult and costly and
until the Iraqi central government in
Baghdad begins to pursue the war
effectively these under-equipped
Peshmerga volunteers will be stuck
defending these positions for many
months to come
in August 2014 Islamic state fighters
reached a Sinjar region of northwestern
Iraq home to the Yazidi Kurdish minority
the ezd people fled their homes Yazidi
men were rounded up and executed and
thousands of women and children were
taken as slaves over the winter a wave
of coalition airstrikes destroyed Isis
fighting positions in the lowlands
beneath Sinjar clearing the way for a
Peshmerga LED ground offensive to retake
much of the region
we've been driving for hours along the
Syrian border a long long stretch of
territory that the Peshmerga recently
recaptured from the Islamic state and
for the whole Drive but many many
kilometers the whole road is
interspersed with dozens of burnt-out
vehicles like this wrecked Islamic state
fighting positions buildings by the side
of the road the airstrikes have had a
significant effect on his lamech state
strength here everywhere they tried to
make a stand
they've been destroyed and then the
Peshmerga have moved forward and taken
more ground
the ezd fighter from a militia aligned
with the Peshmerga took us to his home
village of hardened recently recaptured
from the Islamic state sovereign Alicia
said Shahada insanity hybrid axial
current Lugansk Austin Broncos
delusional coach brain along with Allah
voila
very very unreal artists Allah's decree
mafada new crib romaji
cerebrum 11 the on to prevent see rush -
Mohamed the manubrium Anushka you know
the on jasmine
T&T per meter per minute over minimus a
novel to you mouse anyone I would say
the chariot Jung ji-hoon Taylor Chet
Karen Johnson who was Anton and fujur
pitcher 300
ha ha ha Maharaj this was green
teachable the easily fight over with
took his here to see his house in the
village of harder
he says Islamic state fighters packed
his house with TNT and blew up he's
adamant about that they say it looks
more like an air strike hitter maybes
house is used as an Isis base it was hit
by the coalition there's plastic off
magazines burnt out everywhere
black like ammunition webbing vests bits
body armor bits of broken m16 rifles
scattered everywhere it looks very much
like it like an Islamic state beso it's
hit either way it's this guy's house and
it's been completely destroyed
when he captured the region Islamic
state took thousands of women as sex
slaves boasting of their conquests on
social media
when the ezd women and children were
taken as slaves
the men were rounded up and executed on
mass the Peshmerga discovered this
gravesite one of many nurse injure in
January even the who need them my own
Universal Marvin yokujin para mujeres
Rafi the Provencher see Adam Vinatieri
Burton Yun Chao charge said
with a third man from Anthony Tolliver
when given gunda Abu Hassan Jewish
Rivera
I'm sure Daniel Mohammed if you didn't
there's no side mister with the border
with Islamic state less than a mile away
international forensics teams are
unlikely to excavate the site for a long
time yet in article types
in in the future when when the war's
over you find it difficult to live side
by side with your neighbors again no no
I should know of it one I'm Christian I
don't why you should ascertain I enjoy
God you've either got a mother didn't
open the the people from the village any
1 kilometer away where Dana caught a
fish market heart gonna dodge basta
it's village is empty now apart from our
uzd Schmeling places the next village
along with a half hour of half is easy
village
in turn now completely empty the Arabs
flared along with Islamic states as
nomic state control areas local uzd
fighters have been accused of revenge
attacks against our villagers who they
believed supported the Islamic state and
who they accused of helping Islamic
state ethnic kinds their own villages
throughout Iraq the Islamic state has
actively made local Sunni populations in
mixed areas complicit in their war
crimes when the Islamic state retreat
here in Nineveh many Sunni Arabs fee
with them on the front lines around
Mosul Arab villages lie abandoned
destroyed and unclear circumstances in
other areas Sunni Arabs find themselves
under Kurdish rule for the first time in
the video so those are the words only
targeting no adults they are farmers
ichika poor no more to organize emotions
to generate that were better than that
yes no other game these are sunni arab
local villages and when isis was in
control here some of the local villages
they supported Isis they joined Isis
they fought against the Peshmerga and
now the Peshmerga are back here in
control what is the attitude of yet I
tell you tough I'll do my share of it
still mad you know video now go before
everything at almost another to be Tom
Lord yet this very boisterous very
diverse foot stays runnable audio dinner
to make it very bashed up
now you're ruled by the Peshmerga how do
you feel about that well by Mohammed I
mean I'm opal kind of Momoko and look
any foolish a lot oh hi I'm Cara mark on
my amaku cosmology amo never said I'm on
the coming of the Islamic state has
fractured the fragile ethnic harmony of
northwestern Iraq a mere five months
Islamic state rule has altered the map
of this quiet rural region perhaps
forever
until February the two-lane highway that
runs through cascade Junction was the
main supply line for the Islamic state
between Mosul and their capital of Raqqa
in Syria by capturing Cascade Junction
and fortifying the surrounding hilltops
the Peshmerga have weakened Islamic
States ability to defend Mosul from any
future ground assault major here you see
the isis positions you can see plumes of
black smoke in horizon and the Peshmerga
here saying that what Islamic state
fighters do as they fill gigantic
barrels full of oil and set light of it
and the idea is that obscures the
fighter jets vision and it means they
can't be borne
hello Mike you know each other geese
runner how would you handle catch
another one cap and I will be sure they
follow my mommy general said when you've
taken in does general Jake every cannot
be no more no golem
no check it won't really never slip
community a boorish is a legendary
commander and the peshmerga's their
Avani division
his men are dug in in defense the
strategically important position Misha
Misha Nadia
ma cherie you know be her official
Kevin's Oviedo
regular with limited supplies of
ammunition the Peshmerga have to
carefully consider every shot thank you
no TV
I'm new I don't know but uh why don't
you be the mother oh my god I've a
minute baba Baba the minaret the my
mother bleep
give I cut the other fish burger here's
me firing mortars spectacle heavy
machineguns Isis positions with the ISIS
artillery firing back mortars in the
bitch - have you caliber bullets
whizzing over I can hear that there
defied mortar and then 50 Cal heavy
machine gunner I sufficiently think Isis
Hillary oh they fired a mortar that
landed just behind us in the village sir
the Peshmerga are lightly armed compared
to the Islamic state apparitions his men
they'll eventually receive the heavy
weapons they need
try and take it back
in every culture with a vision of a
monster cover that okay what are you
vehicles to Monica I guess you'll mop
he'd ever thought yep
I don't know MA haven't you met a few
things and how gorgeous she looks with
you in a hot tub it that can be
television for their sorry about your
nose of each worker inside for some
beers called bukistanian quiz yeah just
a about India how do I come up with
Shahrukh homo new normal ha no no sir I
love you for the way Keeta don't you
wanna separate annoys him no wrong with
you baba imagine
do you think like many of the villagers
here are local Sunni Arab villages do
you think that the villagers themselves
some of them might support negative oh I
was very clear I think it whoa oh yeah
oh no none of it
oh my gosh take the video today
funny woman
booty genetic lividity the footages oh I
wanna date well you know Danny Gemara
smelly cheese Kayla follow me keep go
home we're here I keep yours in my
market you never get taco Yoruba you're
already Corey wanted of GOG be here is
teritama changer Hector I'm are
definitely under mythology they go they
and evil Samhita understand away I'm
Murtagh here and fast
they are the Magister
singing a pesh MERGA basis outside Mosul
listening to Isis talking to each other
and the frequencies are so close they
pick up their radio communications that
chatter it's a tournament fighters
probably local tartness from telephone
to each other it's raining this
coalition jets overhead all night long
and the Peshmerga have century stations
in the roof they're looking out no-man's
land through night-vision goggles we're
never to see any movement nicest cars or
men Petrelli through no mines that they
fire a few shots at them just to let
them know they're here are they washing
them and they can't get any closer
oh the end the day not officially but
with your team coach anesthetic water
sorry memory
Islamic state usually attack at night
avaricious men man the rooftops watching
for any enemy movement our village today
there is a very internal linking our
Normandy radiocarbon is English and we
are their journey it will be like a sure
and easy look good when you have shot
your ejection of our Rosa Rosa mashallah
but you said am NOT even best for
Germany
it's dawn there's a thick fog obscuring
everything in romance not ever
sunnatullah' some moderate positions
didn't fog like this rainy weather when
if you just can't help the ice is
generally attack
well then I got the king medium
at-tawfiq
as the Sun comes up the mood lightens a
bearish 'as men have survived another
night and the mostly frontline the
military weakness of the Iraqi army
further south means that the assault on
Mosul
planned for spring 2015 has been delayed
for the foreseeable future poorly
trained and equipped the pesh MERGA
volunteers here and the Mosul frontline
will have to hold these positions
against his lamech State for many months
to come
you
