it's thursday jun 11 and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines pakistan
has executed a man found guilty of
murder when he was 15 years old aftab
bahadur maintained his innocence until
he was hanged at a lahore jail early on
wednesday morning his lawyers claimed he
confessed to the crime under torture the
city's High Court rejected a stay
request even though the two witnesses in
the case recanted their statements the
38 year old is among the 150 people
executed in pakistan since it lifted a
moratorium on capital punishment last
December Malaysian authorities are
investigating a group of Western
tourists for public obscenity a pair of
Canadian siblings a British woman and a
Dutch man all aged 22 to 24 were
detained after they took nude photos on
Mount Kinabalu last month some locals
say their behavior may have triggered an
earthquake that killed 18 people on
Friday before each face up to three
months in prison if convicted the
private insurance market is growing in
Somalia residents of the capital
Mogadishu can now buy policies that are
compliant with Islamic principles the
CAF oil is the first insurance firm to
open in the country in two decades it's
trying to convince Somalis to secure
their assets now that al-shabaab no
longer controls the city the company
currently has 200 clients and says it
plans to offer coverage to businesses in
the future
a Paris auction house won't back down
from what's been described as
sacrilegious sales 8 masks that went
under the hammer on Wednesday are
believed to have been taken from a
Native American reservation in Arizona
during the 1930s and 40s Oh Ted Lou has
fetched millions of dollars from such
artifacts since two thousand thirteen
members of the Hopi and acoma tribes say
the masks are physical embodiments of
their ancestors to me it's something
that can be bought or sold there's no
price value on it celebrities tribal
leaders and members of Congress have all
called on US law enforcement officials
to intervene but they have no legal
authority in the country check out the
vice news youtube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world GN j estrategias
was a la bouche haha he is charged
atomic Enya Hector I'm are definitely
human today and every time they go they
pendejo so better understand away I'm
Mahadeva and yeah rd modesto
you
