infant and child mortality rates are two
of the major indicators of a country's
overall health Iraq statistics have
remained similar to neighboring
countries over the last 12 years
successive Wars over the last three
decades have left Iraq one of the most
polluted countries on earth you
mentioned radiation what other factors
radiation chemical materials Rebeck of
many infectious disease very common we
can't see the emergency department even
the educational of the health program
very poor is the Iraqi health system
equipped to handle these problems ok l
RQ pass more than one or two destruction
walk other government the government
came and other one and other one they
tried to give something in the health
system you know from Saddam regime the
health system built and basic after the
2003 began the health system collapse
you know there is five years of civil
war there is deficiency and you see one
doctors in one day you can see over than
200 patient emergency per day for eight
hours many doctors and left the country
of course the doctors catching by
thieves looters militias detector are
human they are not a profit if you make
a simple mistake some patient family
running behind you to kill you Oh
begging to work for money
you
