a special prosecutor named Roberto
Fenice month was going to present
evidence that he said went through the
President of Argentina and members of
her government were involved in a plot
to cover up the perpetrators of one of
the worst terrorist attacks in Latin
American history a day before mr. nice
man was found dead of a gunshot wound to
the head
in his apartment Varla Goswami culinary
scene in barrio la prueba de Garcia
gnosis we see no a needman lammeter no
assumed RT is omen Basilio de
proporciona como si de la presidenta
critic is now in prego sacrifical a ver
la Justicia a cambio de barajas her
political PSoC affirming that you always
assume that's orderliness in party room
guitar combo combo Sabula marshall
islands para order a la video we can
tape the Aucilla for su trabajo
