tonight we're never ever saying we
should take away their rights forever
and that they shouldn't have guns we're
saying let's take a pause here if a
mainstream political party once the
votes of a killer it will come back to
haunt every single Pakistani the
deadliest wildfires to hit Greece in
more than a decade have killed at least
74 people and injured more than a
hundred and eighty fires broke out
Monday in towns outside of Athens
already hit by a heat wave in drought 50
mile-per-hour winds helped the fire
spread quickly
maiya Patel yzma agapia veche get this
Despero his name in prologue una VRT a
know very spot on Liga metropolitana
amazes the speediest stop talking it at
American air carriers have until
tomorrow to rename Taiwan as China
Taiwan on their websites in order to
meet a deadline set by Beijing China's
deviation authority demanded that dozens
of Airlines respects the country's one
China policy most have complied but
Delta American and United are still
selling flights to simply Taiwan it's
unclear how the airlines might be
punished but Beijing's foreign ministry
says the demand is non-negotiable
farmers protesting a proposed EU budget
put the Tour de France on pause this
morning after driving tractors onto the
route and dropping bales of hay police
used tear gas to disperse the crowd but
that only delayed the race as some of
the tear gas blew into the cyclist sighs
Jason Kessler the organizer of last
year's deadly white nationalist rally in
Charlottesville has withdrawn his
lawsuit petitioning the city to let him
hold an anniversary rally this year
Ivanka Trump's fashion brand is closing
shop the president's daughter says her
focus is now on her work in Washington
since her father won office Ivanka's
brand faced boycott calls and was
dropped by several department stores
turns out and celebrity endorsement will
only get you so far good morning
everyone thank you this is a very
important day for the people of Illinois
Illinois Governor Bruce rauner signed a
bill on July 16th that enacted a
so-called red flag law that allows
police to take guns away from someone a
court decides as a potential danger New
York is trying to follow suit it would
be the 14th state with a red flag law
Washington was one of the first and
officers there are already doing the
difficult work of identifying people who
might be threats in late May the Seattle
police broke down Brian Smith's door and
confiscated all of his guns they were
able to do that because of a new
Washington state law that lets police
seize firearms from people deemed unfit
to keep them it's called an extreme risk
protection order or Urbo in Seattle the
final decision about when to airpo
someone has to come from a judge but it
all starts with sergeant Eric Fisk on
skis and the officers in his Crisis
Response Unit the way the process works
is you know we fill out that affidavit
we petition the court we get a temporary
order we go serve that temporary order
part of that service is hey you have a
court date in 14 days right so that the
respondent gets their opportunity to go
to court in front of a judge and give
their side of it you're describing a
very rational reasonable process on a
subject that really does not have a lot
of rational reasonable discourse these
days I think the process that's in place
right now at least the one that we have
here in Washington
so far it's it's worked out pretty well
since the law went into effect last year
Seattle police have considered about
5,000 cases for a possible gun removal
so far
they've moved forward with 30 of them if
if I think of anything else so you'd be
calling okay thanks currently I have two
extremists protection order cases one
involving a gentleman who inherited a
bunch of money he decided to purchase a
bunch of firearms that gentleman is
Brian Smith whose guns were confiscated
back in May his neighbors reported
feeling unsafe around him it all started
when he consumed a whole large alcohol
started firing off rounds at crows and
stuff like that so it was posing a
little bit of danger to his neighbors
so we petitioned for a extremist
protection order to take his firearms
away
now officer Chan is trying to convince a
judge to let the police keep smith's
guns for the full year allowed by the
law mr. Smith has been served he did not
show today so that is helpful to the
next court to know where with the
statuses
okay I've signed the order reissuing the
temporary extreme risk protection order
for two more weeks thank you
because Smith didn't show the airpo was
extended news channe had to deliver in a
summons okay
I was gonna drive round to 85th yeah so
two houses down 82 for ages Brian Smith
I've been working on a bow on him since
May you guys have taken one gun off him
I took seven off of him and the case
just keeps getting continued no there is
hold on he's right in the back yeah yes
yeah Smith was home when the police
arrived and they served him the papers
I'm glad that worked out mr. Smith how
are you I'm Josh nice to meet you
captain I do in Captain Smith hi John so
they took some gun from you is that
right yeah what do you think about that
I thought I was kind of snotty because I
haven't accused of anything yeah yeah
you know about this new law that allows
them to do this yeah uh extreme roots
protection order yeah do you think that
you qualify for that uh risk to who whom
you you you
I think they there was no victim when
you get a see yet see I'm drinking
alcohol I got guns it was one there
wasn't a Thompson Center 54 caliber
muzzle loader here 38 special ladies
misses in the bedroom so I have access
to in the case he unloaded that took it
and then he he took all the cartridges
in there well I'm 57 years old I've
never threatened anyone in my life I've
never salted anyone I've never been
charged with that I never started to
kill myself
I've had firearms since 1977 I never
didn't hurt anybody with him
I mean what's what is a standard this
isn't Smith's first run-in with the law
this competency assessment in a separate
criminal case found him to exhibit a
number of symptoms of mental illness and
alcoholism Smith refutes the findings he
goes he writes evaluation he goes all
mr. Smith's it's an alcoholic he's
deluded grandiose whatever it is he just
he just slams me because he I think he
was mad because I was I was in the
control of the interview because I'm
smarter it was it was incredible to me
that they could just decide they're
gonna use this new law against a citizen
of the United States that's
constitutional rights with no
justification earlier this month a judge
granted the full year her PO against
Smith Smith's mental state wasn't
central to the Urbo order but mental
health advocates say they worried the
new law could be used to strip the
mentally ill of their constitutional
rights we have concerns that unfairly
stigmatize mental illness laws that use
a mental illness diagnosis as a reason
to affect people's rights so just being
diagnosed as depressed or or even gets a
friend act he shouldn't be grounds for
somebody to lose any rights effectively
yeah the diagnosis on its own should not
be grounds if it's completely separate
from a person's behavior because he may
appear a little different to you doesn't
itself mean that he is a threat
we're never ever saying we should take
away their rights forever and that they
shouldn't have guns for the rest of
their life we're saying let's let's take
a pause here and breath and see if you
are you know mentally okay to have a gun
I'll just as a practical matter you're
cop and you're encountering people who
you can see that they pose a danger but
this without this tool what are you
gonna do it's what we did before and
just kind of monitor people sit around
and wait yeah wait just wait to see what
happens but potentially wait for
something terrible to happen to
essentially yes so it doesn't igni some
better in it there are just a hundred
and five days until the midterm
elections and the federal government
isn't confident that our election
infrastructure is safe for manipulation
a hearing today in the House of
Representatives devolved into partisan
bickering but the states aren't waiting
for Congress to get its act together
because they can't afford to
a holiday Anna in Morgantown West
Virginia isn't quite where you'd imagine
some of the nation's most advanced
elections cyber security preparations
are taking place but it's where most of
the state's 55 County Clerk's gathered
this week for briefings from the
Department of Homeland Security and the
West Virginia Secretary of State's
office on how to shore up their election
systems against cyber attacks you are
the cyber security official in your
office you're responsible for setting
the tone no longer election officials
say I'm not really an IT person I don't
really understand this that's not an
option for you anymore
West Virginia is one of the leading
states in the nation when it comes to
this stuff this week they're running an
election simulation at the hotel so
clerks can practice how to respond in
case of an attack it's the first of its
kind hosted by a state government in the
nation and the Secretary of State Mac
Warner has held multiple election
security briefings for local officials
this is a race that doesn't have a
finish line we just always have to stay
a step ahead of our adversaries and
that's what we're doing here in West
Virginia so you're sort of preparing to
be hacked basically I think everybody is
have you gotten any indication that
we're going to see the same sort of
cyber attacks that we saw in 2016 we are
seeing it on a routine basis is that
from Russia is that from multiple
nations and they want to a point of this
vote yes all of the above what are those
intrusions look like it's penetration
attack attempts okay they get inside our
cyber arena but they may not go and
actually start down rolling information
they gather passwords so you know how to
download load information from the
better voter registration system and
then right before an election do that
massive download and put it out to the
world or whatever
West Virginia may be ahead of the nation
but what the county clerk's are learning
here this week is more basic than you
might expect
pure phishing advice the first is just
read where an emails coming from
understand is it something you recognize
some of you I'm sure are writing poverty
that are no longer supported by
Microsoft that's asking for a
vulnerability or asking for an issue a
lot of this is new for these local
election officials though how much does
your staff concern you like do you have
to train them are you worried about what
what mistakes they might make well it's
a concern that we haven't been changing
passwords all along you know you get
that password and you're familiar with
it and you use it more especially in
voter registration because we're all on
a statewide system there should be
federal money to help Congress approved
380 million in new funding for the
states to improve their election
security West Virginia got 3.6 million
from that fund and this week counties
will be able to apply for a piece of
that the bad news a lot of states are
far behind each one runs its own
election system and there's no national
standard
so DHS is offering to help States
evaluate their individual security
systems and patch up pools is needed
what are the biggest challenges when you
go into a state and you try to get them
on board with some of the things that
you've ran through today I mean I think
it's largely an educational one making
sure they understand what the role the
Department of Homeland Security is we
don't run elections they run elections
they understand what their voters need
and what their systems are our role is
to provide information and to provide
support in the forms of free services to
them is some level of hacking inevitable
so there's no such thing as perfectly
secure right and that's why when we talk
about securing the process we don't talk
just about protection which is
critically important but also about
detection and recovery that's resilience
and ensuring that the process can
continue to run if there is an incident
absolutely
Imran Khan is Pakistan's most famous
politician but up until now he's had
more success playing cricket than
running for office he's run for Prime
Minister three times and lost each race
but he'll have his best shot this
Wednesday when Pakistan votes to secure
a win for his party the PTI
he's been courting politicians known
here as electable candidates who command
a large and loyal base this time around
he's reaching out to a powerful
political bloc that feels the government
has failed them the religious right did
mighty founding fathers virginity guilty
hungers for a philosopher honest I will
be beating Rama he is the only man who
don't have any choice yet and other
people don't have such ability and
quality at least he is a honest man
Sheikh Rashid is an influential
politician in the state of Punjab he
built his political career by defending
Islam now Khan needs his support to win
influential people in the ends come with
me when they know the poor people have
gone with Chief Leschi they have no
option
Rasheed is bringing convo to his city's
largest mosque and Achaia Pakistan can
rejoice Lanka toughest grave Pakistan
Catawbas carry a male or as happened a
help Pakistan gilead oh Pakistan Yadavas
Gorrell Adama Mustafa that Ava's Deir
Ezzor mallanna rizvi and his followers
objects to the government's decision to
execute a religious activists who killed
the state's governor yo Caserta OCA yo
ghost Ahana yaku free alpha esta Malky a
come on task a dream a UN coup figure
Kalamata
upon a Giancana's rana bitch car gay
usually our masala man is John Denny
Kayle tra my father died fighting
against this mentality so this is when
my father came out of jail Shahbaz
Taseer is the son of the man that Qadri
assassinated if a mainstream political
party wants the votes of a killer it
will come back to haunt every single
Pakistani especially if that political
party is now we're looking at it you
know going to engineer its way through
the next five years
to sear are used that in a rush to build
a winning alliance con is pandering to
religious conservatism that could be
dangerous but it might just get him and
his party elected it's this intolerant
atmosphere that PPI is created for this
election it's basically to win but what
they don't understand is this hate will
consume them today the Israeli military
said it shot down a Syrian fighter jet
that crossed into disputed territory
Assad's regime is fighting nearby for
Syria's southwest part of the last 15
percent of the country still held by the
opposition this month the regime took
back the city where the Revolution first
started dark a 2017 ceasefire once
protected Daraa from regime air strikes
across the country in other areas under
the same agreement families are watching
anxiously Abu Muhammad lives in Kahala
in Northwest Syria this area is
controlled by rebel groups and they're
expecting the Assad regime any day now
Bolivian nearly a meter beat Jamie Apple
Monty Hall hoping a manned by mentleman
there are in that round 11 year old
mossy Oklahoma holiday I hope the posse
couldn't show the Sun Latonya Nevada and
last year's ceasefire I was supposed to
block the regime and its allies from
fighting him but by January they carried
out airstrikes nearby
so Abu Mohammed came up with the plan
Bertram I came across of unknown cause
of Pompey local median for Carnaby
comical milliard League war on Nahum
soccer 1d borrowed or maybe a stock roll
water rose larner hydrology me suddenly
I'm a player
hej in heaven yeah monopoly in the zoo
mockery ninja warn America from a movie
or not Oh Oh Lester the entire family is
relying on this shelter Abu Mohammed
Mohammed children and five grandchildren
participation share Booker was sick
without which a governor
am I gonna have a bunch of people hating
me after this okay let's start with
something positive
I like the production I like the quartz
I like the track generally speaking the
instrumentation was really cool the
vocal sounded really Pro and it's like
feels like a hit but this is one of
those cases where I do start paying
attention to the lyrics and there's been
something said in the song that are just
a little bit too direct for my taste
too much vibrato ahead like an operatic
feel to it that I don't think the music
really needed personally there's so many
people who will really be into this kind
of music and and I respect them for it
and I can't understand it myself because
I grew up with a lot of music that if I
hear today I'm not sure why I loved it
before unfortunately the way I listen to
music today is that I just digest
everything and analyze everything that's
going on and that sometimes prevents me
from liking a song that other people
probably love
I like it it's very dreamy
I respect the craft production and his
vocals are great it's a really well done
I think it was good I think he's a good
singer the courts were really cool very
classic you know he was probably part of
the part of the ones who made it that
that other people now copy I've had a
face where I made a certain type of
genre and I was really into it and I
made the same thing two three four times
and then I want to do something new and
that's the moment when people are like
don't you think he should be making that
same stuff that he got big for so if
you're loving that music keep making
that song
you
you
