it's Monday June eighth and hear some of
the news fee on the headlines saudi-led
air strikes continue to hit Yemen's
capital city Sun on Sunday at least 44
people were killed on a strike at the
main army headquarters currently held by
Houthi rebels residents said soldiers
allied with the Houthi fighters have
been gathering at the building to
collect their paychecks the rise in
violence comes despite the announcement
of un-backed peace talks beginning next
week in Geneva an overcrowded prison in
Southeast Brazil erupted in riots over
the weekend killing at least two inmates
the 290 bed prison was housing more than
800 inmates when the uprising began on
Saturday armed police fired against
prisoners holding fellow inmates hostage
on the roof of the penitentiary riots
often break out across Brazil over
conditions at congested jails where many
detainees have yet to be formally
convicted opponents of Ukrainian gay
rights march clashed with police in a
capital Kiev on Sunday more than 300
supporters took part in the march on a
location kept secret until just before
the demonstration began
opponents through smoke bombs at riot
police and try to break through their
lines tensions have recently worsened by
claims that Ukraine's political turn
towards the West will promote gay
marriage a new project to fix potholes
in Panama City is putting pressure on
government officials via Twitter it's
the work of an advertising agency that
placed sensors in potholes around the
city whenever a tire runs over the
device it sends a tweet to the Ministry
of Public Works the tweets are also
written in the first person with a bit
of personality the ministry seems
reacting positively by making repairs
and even responding to tweets from the
account check out the vice news YouTube
channel for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world my
vanila suruga thematic carton de la da
da da da da inaba Gila and Aldo tell
rule adoring I'm a beggar inherit
details a little shoe box tomorrow cool
machine
you
