it's Thursday May 28th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines the
discovery of a world war 2 era bomb in
cologne has prompted the German city's
largest evacuation since the conflict
20,000 people were forced to leave their
homes schools and businesses on
Wednesday so that bomb experts could
defuse the one-ton device around 2,000
tons of unexploded bombs are detonated
or disabled across Germany every year
this one was found during pipeline
construction
it was american-made and buried five
feet underground Chinese authorities
have arrested 175 people for robbing
ancient artifacts from graves in the
country's northeast nearly 1200 relics
worth a total of 80 million dollars had
been stolen from site that dates back
5,000 years the raid was the biggest of
its kind in modern Chinese history state
media reported in more than a thousand
officers participated in the nine-month
operation Turkey's president is waging a
war of words when his critics ahead of
next month's parliamentary elections
many opposition affiliated journalists
have been detained on terrorism charges
in recent months at an event on
Wednesday President Erdogan lashed out
at the New York Times for an article
accused him of black manipulation of the
political process it warned that an
impending crackdown on press freedom
would ensure his ruling AKP
sailed to victory on June 7th Curran
called The Times journalists paid
charlatans and said the paper had always
sought undermine Turkey a report
released on Wednesday announced a new
member of the human evolutionary tree
scientists discovered Durand teeth
fossils in ethiopians afar region four
years ago they believe this species
lived in the same period as the famous
human ancestor known as Lucy whose
skeleton was discovered around 30 miles
away in 1974 it's thought
Australopithecus de Remy de looked more
like humans when Lucy species did or
scientists find puzzling is how they
managed to live side by side more than 3
million years ago vying for the same
resources
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries we round the world if you
sell to one person and that one person
decides he doesn't want your product
anymore or as much of your product you
are at the mercy of what that person
wants you to do if in the next year two
years US production continues to
increase an increase if Canada's doesn't
have alternative markets in place by
then then it's it's not necessarily a
good position to be in
