as part of the opening ceremony here at
the idec's show they've put on a bit of
a play where by terrorists take over the
fort here and are then captured by
friendly forces
Touche
this is a 60 millimeter mortar one thing
that really strikes me about this show
is how sanitized it is there are no
representations of what these weapons
are designed to do I've actually had the
experience of being mortared with a
similar weapon and it's one of the most
terrifying experiences I've ever had
there's essentially an arms race going
on in the region yes how do you feel
about that how do you think about that
well the last two big wars in
Afghanistan and Iraq sparked a big
budget from the u.s. to upgrade and use
their military so whenever there's money
being spent there are companies trying
to achieve what's being spent but it
depends on the history of the country if
a country has a history of giving
weapons to anyone and that's a big
problem because they give weapons
irresponsibly
to people who can't have weapons or
should not have weapons because they're
unstable they're not decision-maker
they'd rather fire a gun at someone then
resolve the situation peacefully or
politic politically but even if there's
peace there's always an arms race the
best weapon you can have as a weapon
that you'll never use it's just there to
to let your foes not attack you in the
first place but weapons come to the
wrong hands then you got a war coming on
just to give a little bit of an idea of
what happens here at idec's there's an
internal publication that's put out
every day of the show and they have a
list of the different deals that have
been signed for various types of
equipment training different
manufacturers different contractors
adding up to more than three and a half
billion dollars just in this week alone
you
