style in equipment and that topic as
well it's Turkish army burro Vania first
Arab Larry was Timothy fertility impiety
Philippi at least 25 years just to
America
it's May 7 the dress rehearsal in Moscow
for the biggest parade ever the 70th
anniversary of victory in world war 2
which is going to be celebrated on
Saturday
and everybody is here today to make sure
everything goes to plan which is going
to be displaying some of its oldest
hardware like the t-34 tanks over there
which were used during World War two and
its newest military technology like this
T 14 tank which has this angular design
in order to make it harder for radar to
detect so a soldiers marching over there
they're practicing the main focus of
attention on the day of course is going
to be over there where all of the world
leaders aren't going to be
this year's Victory Day celebrations are
significant because they're gonna say a
lot about the isolation of the Russian
Federation finds itself in over the war
in Ukraine because it's world war two we
are allies the United States and Britain
have except their leaders here and
neither have the world war two ERA
enemies Germany she's in Japan so it's
going to be interesting to find out
exactly who's going to be standing next
to Vladimir peeler not gonna lose Bush's
stupid back Iranian but I see
Steve doubt Kamata will you say
see the study does not mean we will Dan
come
silver sterli
well it looks like one of the friend new
c14 tanks had an engine failure or
something it stopped in the middle of
the square good thing today is just a
practice run
that's actually pretty embarrassing
that's supposed to be their newest and
best estanque
Victory Day is here and the patriotic
fervor is at an all-time high
everybody's wearing these orange and
black ribbons like the ones the
separatists wear in eastern Ukraine the
kids are on little military caps and
there's so many soldiers around it
almost feels like Moscow is a wartime
capital and in many ways it actually is
the dress of the grain where did you get
it you made it yourself you made his one
- oh my god the whole family can you
tell me why you've dressed up like a
world war two lira soldier
how they suffered mistakes again
the Russian government's invested a lot
in making sure this year's Victory Day
is spectacular because World War two is
a unifying issue for all Russians it's
something you can't argue with defeating
the Nazis was great and over the last
year since the start of the conflict in
Ukraine the authorities have conflated
the war there with the old war that
happened back in the 40s most people
feel like Russia is now in a
life-and-death struggle with the rest of
the world we should take a parody by Sri
Nityananda mr. Cattani period on euro
style in Armenia the miracles monitor
spoon
total failure in the most Americas
aboriginals Nevada an extremely sad car
is new Trina's res legit arrows worried
I can easily service console user talk
educated let's see you know what else is
justified only a very few tests for
Cowell Stadium
so we're in the spot where you can see
all of the port edges of the Varys who
decided to attend coming through
there goes Bosnia and Herzegovina so far
we haven't seen any major world powers
drive past yet just Mongolia you know in
other small countries on that level most
world leaders are shunning Putin because
nobody wants to be seen with him because
of the political situation right now one
leader who said he would come but then
backed out was North Korea's Kim Jong
moon
everybody was expecting this to be his
first ever foreign visit as leader of
the DPRK but it looks like he's a
no-show - I've heard that you actually
turned down your plans to visit you know
the parade today wow that's just what we
say you know I'm here on seat in secret
so just despise went you know it
despised him the assassins may give you
your your uh your English is very good
yeah yeah I actually went to a switz
International School and I was taught
English by an Australian teacher there
so that's why I have a fluency in
English
see I see well what do you what message
do you bring to the Russian people into
the rest of the world to America
so we're just here with kim jong
parently he's the leader of North Korea
and he didn't quite make it to the red
square the one country Russia's
relations are improving with is China
the Chinese President Xi Jinping is
already here and yesterday he signed
deals worth twenty five billion dollars
with Vladimir Putin because Putin's
turning east now that sanctions are
biting from the West
oh gosh I'm a grouch the nearest see
that I gave it to runnin was a Midwest
Pistoleros Sumida settle ATM padilla de
village attaches to any
vania village padilla de Neve Cigna
astonish the garage ski your journey if
Tory inertia is Ronnie now my poem
inertia is nikkah for anti get lyrical
it's a blog ah darn aniruddha m--
villager Brittany France Sydney English
that of America the if Claude pedido
ethnic of Pasolini digitally TF futures
the ignorant what's a passive a
principal miss Luna Road novice a true
mr. J principal Keturah Billy wastrel
July system mostly globally is Pattani
whining my vigil puppet kisses Dania at
Napoleon of a mirror
Lee Geum cockney Bharata Bharati syllabi
a block away mush Linea should but
touchy way to tourists marijuana sweet
so the parade is coming off of the rats
the crowd love
this parade of course it's not just
about commemorating the 70th anniversary
of the victory in world war two it's
about showing the world and the Russian
people that Russia still has a strong
