okay it's 5:00 in the morning today is
the most significant day so far in the
campaign against Boko Haram this morning
starts the invasion of Bhama so I'm
going to be in one of the attack
helicopters the mi-24 that's gonna
commence the attack after which the
ground forces are going to move in an
attempt to rout Boko Haram from the city
of mama the private military contractors
provided technical advice to the 72nd
mobile strike force in addition they
provided a fully operational airway we
were able to accompany the air wing for
the first part of the assault on bomber
then my 24 hind attack helicopter is
basically a flying tank it was built by
the Russians during the Cold War and can
fire up to 4,000 rounds a minute it's
truly a devastated piece of military
hardware and a game-changer for the
Nigerian Army
after two hours the helicopter assault
team returned to base the ground forces
would move in I waited on the tarmac for
reports from the ground forces
