you think that we're all posh and we've
all got too much money this is one of
the first English sports so why'd you
get rid of something it's got history
don't have voices and they have no one
speaking order in the lead up to this
year's general elections animal welfare
was thrust back onto the political
agenda UK Prime Minister David Cameron
had to overturn the 2004 hunting act
which makes it illegal to hunt wild
animals with large packs of hounds the
hunting act is created in 2004 under
Tony Blair's Labour government that year
hundreds of thousands of hunt supporters
demonstrated outside Westminster and
several invaded the House of Commons the
Tories were to be elected what do you
think would happen
his Pudge kicked up a simmering debate
that has seemed to put rich against poor
city against countryside
right now I'm with some of Britain's
most committed aunty hunt activists the
hunt SAP a group which sabotages hunt
across the country we're on our way to
confront the xor foxhounds which is
planning a large fox hunt in the area
the hunt abs are hoping to disrupt it
why are you involved in the concepts no
one standing up to them and they're out
there killing all these foxes for
absolutely no reason it's just horrific
and no one stopping them the police
nobody's doing anything in there you
know being bullies all over the place to
everybody so David Cameron has recently
said that he would like to overturn the
hunting act how do you respond to that
disgraceful 80% of the public voted to
keep it it's nothing that you know he's
supposed to represent the people and
he's doing what he wants for his own
aims everyone knows that his
brother-in-law hunts he used to hunt his
father-in-law is master of the hunt I
mean David Cameron himself misses
hunting he misses it so much he went out
and shot some pigeons in these woods
just who's to say what's going up Lucas
which is very close to the kennels for
the hunt and they're gonna be hunting on
on the moor itself it's all of this area
down here the plan is to kind of follow
them and I'll keep a gizmo it's
basically just a recording of pounding
cry so the sound that the hounds make
when they're on the scent of a fox and
then we have whip instantly when we turn
up they start damaging the vehicle
assaulting people they pick on the girls
a lot they will you know shout things
like you look like you need a good shag
or things like that
this footage leaked in January allegedly
shows Hunt's abs in balaclavas beating a
hunt master unconscious a lot of hunt
supporters will say that things like fox
hunting are banned because politicians
at westminster don't understand the
countryside do you think that's true
they will always claim that we are all
townies and we don't understand the
countryside as well a lot of us are from
the country ourselves I think to dismiss
someone's an opinion as you just don't
understand us is kind of it's a bit of a
weak argument
we just drove by a cluster of hunters on
horseback and a bunch of puns supporters
they were all eyeing our cars so they're
definitely onto the fact that we're here
right now we've got a guy on a quad bike
just following our car so someone with
more hunt jacket on is just circling the
car and photographing everyone inside
they photograph us like this and
surround us as a form of intimidation
giving you trouble before but I never
call this troubled I just call it old
rich kids have nothing else better to do
rebelling against their parents so I
feel a bit sorry for having have been
saying it's not natural hunting
arrogance is the people that like to see
that go hunting you know rich rich
toffee-nosed businessman like me you
know loaded iron are you are you big
supporters of dissent always hunted ever
since I was so high when I was a little
boy the hounds used to beat in my
village we didn't have a car and we
didn't have any a bike or anything I
used to follow on foot and then on the
pony I know that the Prime Minister is
hoping to overturn the hunting act do
you do you support the Tories yes I do
I support the Tories anyway because
they've done a lot for the country and I
was a great supporter of Maggie Thatcher
because she put the country first not
herself but other politicians these days
think of themselves in that and I think
she was a great woman did things change
a lot when the hunting act came in oh
yes made a big difference to us yes they
won't stop us coming out you know
nice people go hunting that's what I
like
not like this lot um well they seem to
be anti everything you know well offer
teams is at great
Tom's Hill which is just south east of
that were the woods so what's going on
right now at the moment we're trying to
ascertain exactly where they're hunting
we've got team hopefully again just
check on fern see if they can find them
you're not gonna get enough oh yeah it's
for the worst part of country in the
whole of Britain to try and sabotage in
response to David Cameron's pledge the
Labour Party has vowed to defend the
hunting act something that hunt
supporters describe as an attack on the
rural way of life we've just arrived at
Kingston Blount for the king poet Kant's
points points points points is basically
like a big horse race run by amateurs
it's organized by hunt and it uses
horses from the hunting season so we've
come here to ask on supporters what they
think about David Cameron's pledge to
overturn the hunting act so you don't
think the Labour Party understands the
countryside no they think that we're all
posh and we've all got too much money
and we're just doing it for fun it's
fine to put alluring if you understand
what the implications are of it and
sometimes I don't think they do flavor
is a city party or a northern party
they've never really supported rule
needs English thoughts so why don't you
get rid of a stranger do you think that
politicians in London actually
understand what the hunts about yes
people that David Cameron they've got a
house just like the roads been there
with the English countryside like
we traveled to Aylesbury to meet the
master of the Kimbo icon to find out how
the hunting act has affected the
countryside way of life so we've got
about a hundred and twenty hounds but we
hunt four days a week they're all quite
full of beans a lot of the aspects of
the hunting act are quite ridiculous we
can use a full pack house to trail them
which is what we personally
critics of the hunt will say that when
you go out to lay the trail that you're
actually just giving yourself cover to
do fox hunting and that you're
continuing with fox hunting in the old
way what would you say to those critics
at the end of the day we've always said
that we will test the law to the utmost
you know at the end of the day we are
going to test it and in every aspect and
every angle that we possibly can these
coats were all handmade these ones for
us how much better cut like that clasp
coat like this would be anything from
700 to to a thousand pound obviously
people talk about hunting they often
describe it as like a really sort of
posh upper-class sport you know and they
talk about the Redcoats people on
horseback to you do you think that's the
right price I think that that's the
perception probably from 60 years ago
maybe I think it's completely different
now I think if you look at the broad
spectrum people that actually go hunting
there would be very little old money
should I say if Labour wins the election
what do you think will happen to this
hunt into the countryside the hunts will
disappear because you know you can't
effectively take your hands out of the
kennels the staff will be made redundant
and it's all infrastructure the you know
the community spirit of the countryside
you
