you searching welcome Islamophobia I
welcome a guy's face bad news the voting
itself is the greatest crime of all
again foot paddling no this is a joke
how am I going to protect my people if I
don't vote
there's no scholar of any credibility
who has ever said voting is what we call
Haram a little bit Allah o Allah don't
obey the rules of man don't obey the
water now
if you look today in Britain it's
capitalism secularism freedom liberty
can occupy distributions for people in
times of the Muslim community in the UK
you have about 5% of the UK probably
hoping to achieve something like this
first one is to save the people from the
old you know sins and Pines we want to
you say that protect the people from
falling into this disbelief and apostasy
from Islam out of the ignorance people
say that time like this it's actually
quite all your losses to go especially
with the sort of items have a phobia the
voting for a legislator instead of God
he is the greater evil among that is a
greater evil devoting itself it is the
greatest crime of war against what much
worse than one of the kinds of people
are behind bars without trial you know
for decades even all of that is nothing
compared to the crime also smart as we
thought that's quite surprised by the
fact I've actually wanted to get a stop
to talk to them and in fact people are
having over quite curiously at the
slightest discussion I guess I some way
of opening up the debate
the creation you don't be the cruise and
when you feel lost my entire life
we will be so you are somewhat though
you said a mother know that you welcome
in increase of Islamophobia so you
welcome all black people being healed
you searching welcome Islamophobia and
welcome so if you welcome that that
means more of your brothers and sisters
are going to be killed
nice nice language that's the way
feature will come so to see have a
heated debate there about well they feel
that they should vote I was asking if
the EDL miles down this house she would
they just allow it to happen and they
never gave me an answer are you making a
point of everyone focusing in the
upcoming elections that's people
actually be detrimental voting isn't
going to change an immense amount but if
you can move the center of ground to
their green or bigotry there is a reason
to go out and not vote for them and
anything but you kid
even though it's the fastest-growing
religion in the UK Muslims historically
have the lowest voter turnout for any
religious group in Britain stay Muslim
don't votes on compromising message
seemed to be echoed by a vocal minority
online one such group is campaign Islam
who have an active presence on YouTube
and social media promoting Sharia law
they also seem to criticize integration
when it conflicts with what they see as
Islamic values the so called symbol of
femininity what high heels lipstick
short skirts with the UK general
election approaching I wanted to find
out where these ideas and sense of
disengagement was coming from and what
this meant for the Muslim vote in
Britain we went to Luton to speak with
the women of campaign Islam so we
clearly see an agenda by the British
government it gets this long
the Muslim community the question mark
over their heads is where does your
loyalty lie is it with Korean and
country or is it with the Muslims are
important that's what every single one
of us healthy are in our life and if we
said well I can't stand with Queen and
country
is there fight in my own resistors then
your auditor you're guilty then there
was fire there then there will set
things on it to see all are they real
extreme so this is what we face it
decide are you with them or you with us
you have a shame this freedom of speech
but when it comes to the Muslims there's
no such thing as free Wall Street you
know we can't just say what one is here
only because they will attack us
tomorrow
the women invited me to their weekly
circle where they learn about Islam so
how would it be if we were living under
Islam right now now how would hospitals
be they will have a fountain okay and
they would deserve sunlight to enter
each room now what the Pali we have with
hospitals today is you come out more in
yeah it all is everything it it was
Islamic state that was the first people
to even introduce a hospital they built
the first universities women in Islam
excelled in education and we don't see
today I mean look at what's her name
Miley old forget her me Miley Cyrus
she's ideal woman a Western movement
that we should aspire to so you sell
your body for fame to be noticed that's
also been a press and abused I'm
assuming so eventually your desire is to
go and live in the Islamic state I find
that question a bit yeah silly because
you know what the result is there's no
way we can go you know if we do have any
intentions of going we'll be arrested
you know you can laugh and you might be
outraged by what we're saying but you
know whatever is gonna happen is gonna
happen whatever Allah has planned will
happen and we believe that as Muslims
every single Muslim should believe that
though the desire to live in an Islamic
state may be viewed as extreme the
feeling that the government was
criminalizing them for their beliefs was
only further adding to an ass and their
mentality however there are some
community initiatives trying to bridge
this gap we went to meet you elect a
group of young Muslims pushing for
people to vote
possible encouraging to rich news work
my opinion to me do you think
politicians or the main parties have
been doing anything they were trying to
engage the Muslim community here in the
UK the main political parties have
really taken the Muslim vote for granted
this is why you elect exists to say that
you can't come outside almost every Eid
and shake our hands and thing you're
going to get our vote we're going to be
looking to see where you voted for
previously what where have you voted on
the issues of Iraq and terrorism NHS
education if we can get our registration
up to the national level six five
percent forty seats can be swung by the
Muslim vote if we actually registered
vote
this is whether you're Muslim or Jewish
or Christian this is our country
Muslims are saying that it's on Islamic
to vote and actually they don't believe
that it makes a difference to vote you
think that's true how am I going to
protect my people if I don't vote
I'm proud to be Somali and I'm proud to
be British citizen no matter what
anybody sees this is our land this is
where our kids and our family live and
we need our vote to be heard I asked
some young people about their position
on the upcoming election a number of
them told me they didn't believe in
voting but we're not willing to speak
about it on camera what do you think of
the campaign's they was in don't vote I
understand where they come from is there
saying no one can be the judge except
for a lot so but you have to stand where
we're living in at the moment if this
conservative wins he's got to do so many
bad stuff the country we came across a
genuine sense of media distrust among
many British born Muslims an affair of
expressing their views openly to find
out what might be causing this we went
to me a politically active young man
though anxious at first he agreed to
speak with us on camera was there would
you consider yourself as I'm living in
Britain oh Jesus I don't believe in
those sort of tags
okay my identity is defined by my ideas
and my belief it's hard to say of
Muslims in video do you think there is
an attack on Muslims in Brune here this
I mean just before I started my college
there was a girl mark when she was
walking to college in the morning I was
serving the Islamic dress code she got
she whacked on the back of her head
obvious example was the CTS bill where
they're not aiming for criminals it's
just your thoughts and your ideas
it is definitely talking in awesome
community the counterterrorism and
security bills seem to be a recurring
concern for many people we spoke to this
new piece of government legislation
amongst other things places a statutory
obligation on public bodies such as
universities to surveil students we must
ban extremists preachers from our
countries we must root out extremism for
our schools universities and prisons
critics claim the new legislation is of
dangerous incursion on our civil
liberties lucy is absolute if you give
it away for any purpose it's gone
forever
what this bill does is it simply takes
away Liberty large groups of both
students and teachers including Issa
campaigned against it how do you think
the city s bill could affect so like
even for me before the CTS in college I
don't discuss nothing even if I might
discuss anything Islamia classism I
think Oh God
whoa never one of them the next jihadi
john' ridiculous and how it affects me
now
your teachers nursery teachers hospitals
GPS they're not they're not teachers and
GPS no more the state spies it creates
the atmosphere fear in terms of any
little thing I do the fact that I'm
growing a beard well maybe I won't get
the job interview I mean they want to
integrate us how's that leading to their
so-called integration the elections are
coming up yeah it's a joke
even though Muslims are planning not to
vote like Russell Brand is that what's
the point is it's a two-party system
anyway the system the election system in
itself is flawed
I mean that's not be a political my
opinion is obviously come from Islam is
that goal should decide how we live not
apollomon
was not given TV this will happen do you
think there's like the Muslim community
has a kind of responsibility towards
this idea of radicalization I guess
really see much responsibility I mean
even like jihadi john'
like what mosque radicalized him what
Islamic preacher was like what is the
more we know of him what was the sole
evidence
so how come do you think people kind of
committing these Paxton's
the reason why they probably can handle
these acts is that load them are very
confused I mean there's not the smarts
of things to do a lot of them are
frustrated and angry something always
has to instigate it was just to upset
people for them to take such extreme
measures
ESA's views on Islamophobia
counterterrorism and foreign policy are
common concerns that advocacy group
meant which stands for Muslim engagement
and development have been trying to
raise with the main parties we attended
an event they had organized in East
London where the public were given a
chance to question their local
candidates
can you tell me a bit about the work
that mens been doing running elections
yeah quite a lot to be fair the men
effectively launched men Muslim
manifesto which looked like the number
of areas from counterterrorism to
Islamophobia to Human Rights all areas
where the Muslim community had concerns
we then try to translate them into
pledges which we were hoping the
mainstream parties would pretty much
sign up to the good news is for all the
three mainstream parties did sign up to
some pledges some more than others is a
reality obviously one of the things
they've been a lot of talk around is
that voting is on Islamic what my
thoughts are very simple there's no
scholar of any credibility worth
anything serious who has ever said
voting is what we call Haram
this is a really bizarre argument at a
time when Muslims face so many
challenges in this country which are
best addressed by getting involved in
the system to not engage to me is just
stupid my friends now
right anymore hands up yes gentlemen
that is it but to prevent such genius in
the schools in Nevada
so I got quite a special note about
foreign policy in Israel Palestine
conflict there was a big tunnel however
I haven't seen many young people here
today typically Muslim means he's always
vote for labor obviously after New York
warranty they've kind of lost a lot of
voters how do you think you're going to
regain or or build that trust again well
I think it's very important to listen to
Muslim experiences but I didn't support
the decision to go to war in Iraq but I
recognize when we've got people about to
die in Benghazi when we've got the
situation in Syria and we have got
situation in Gaza that we're trying to
deal with the whole range of issues
about people of all faiths and none have
concerns about politics isn't just about
being angry it's about answers to men's
hostels had failed to attract a younger
crowd and with youth such as East are
becoming more distrustful of the
government we wanted to find out what
other voices were reaching out to them
so 10 o'clock on a Friday night and
we've been invites was essentially a
behind the scenes of one of our berber
arts videos it's a weekly talk he holds
around Islamic topics and today's gonna
be touching on voting we had met Abu
baraa
earlier at the same resume don't vote
store besides his street campaigning he
also promotes his message to his large
online following through live streaming
and video uploads the favorite Muslim
for them is the moderate one in like a
vegetarian who's only moderately
vegetarian sometimes it's meat you can't
be a be three there's nothing in between
okay and you're either Muslim you
practice okay or you are careful I
recognize those whiteboards from the
video yes so what is this event today
quite late sometimes the idea was maybe
evil we had to ignore this particular
reason why we choose Fridays and
phytomass is there's a tug-of-war going
on in terms of the cultural atmosphere
in this country where find a nice
activity not for other things lots of
homes wholesome things so essentially
this is kind of like your equivalent of
like Friday night going to the pub I
guess but like yeah Saudis you get quite
a big turnout yeah usually will that
have the whole room backed out but you
know when you have cameras people tend
to stay away why do you think that is is
because they don't trust Western media a
lot of people feel that they will be a
bit resented there will be presented as
some kind of radical or famous just for
you in attending what makes you choose
to put yourself in front of the camera
it's often I'm not trying to make people
like I don't really care why I care
about is this lamb needs to prevail this
lamb needs to come out people need to
know what Islam is what is the message
of Islam would you say the main issues
the young Muslims are facing here in the
UK at the moment I think that the
British government they need to stop
interfering in all of our affairs and
stop trying to shove their own way of
life and democracy in secularism down
the throats of the Muslims all around
the world until they stop doing that
Muslim youth will never will never see
them as anything except a clear open
enemy at war with Islam the Muslim is
the one Allah defined it Muslim not one
I like to be good honestly people they
start to say but they're voting okay I
can see it's bad but I don't think it's
good because what you think Allah is the
one who finally only debate alone
alone you can have two laws the north a
lot of the world man you say to the
people worship of Allah obey his laws
don't obey the laws of man don't obey
the law of the land so a party this goes
on to like yeah I was at the morning and
it's a nervous young this happened on a
Friday night basically like eating
drinking fizzy drinks like completely
engaged in this as well as like an
online seminar which is like alive going
on from you I think I'm gonna call it
unfortunately
groups like stammers and don't votes
were capitalizing on apathy among young
Muslims and strengthening the idea that
a person cannot be both Muslim and
British at a time where Muslims are
facing so many challenges the feeling
that the government was failing to
understand and adequately address the
community's concerns risks causing more
politically active youths to step back
from engagement
