it's Tuesday May 5th and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines police in
Thailand have arrested three government
officials on charges of human
trafficking they're accused of
involvement in a criminal network that
smuggled row hanger Muslims and
Bangladeshis into Thai labor camps a
Burmese citizen known as Anwar was
detained a week ago in connection to a
camp on the Malaysian border where some
400 migrants were held for ransom the
remains of at least 26 people have been
found in a shallow grave near the site
what's usually a cheery celebration in
Kathmandu was somber and low-key this
year residents marked the birth of
Buddha on Monday their communities are
still reeling from the earthquake that
has left nearly 8,000 people dead and
hundreds of thousands homeless Buddha's
prayed and chanted as they walked around
the Buddha now shrine considered one of
the most secret in the religion the
earthquake damaged a number of monuments
and monasteries across the city the
government says it will rely heavily on
international support for reconstruction
the US has pledged 45 million dollars to
help Kenya cope with its refugee crisis
Kenyan officials had threatened to close
the Dadaab camp within three months
citing concerns the extremist group
al-shabaab had planned attacks from the
sprawling complex in Nairobi US
Secretary of State John Kerry said he's
received guarantees from president Uhuru
Kenyatta that the displaced won't be
forced out the key is to accelerate
efforts to have a plan in place for the
ability of the people to be able to
return home in an orderly and voluntary
manner with dignity
Emma's safety the Dadaab camp hosts more
than 600 thousand refugees within half
of them Somalis
more white South Africans are choosing
to work in traditional medicine it's
taken some by surprise as the practice
was previously dominated by mostly black
women and some men the healers known as
sangomas used plants herbs bones and
other things in rituals set to cure
physical ailments and ward off evil the
nearly two hundred thousand of them are
legally recognized in South Africa in
irhal distrusted spiritual guides in
rural communities
check out the Vice News YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world the
truth is is that in an election campaign
you get very few points for taking risks
and you have a lot to lose by making
mistakes and that's why the environments
which you see politicians campaigning in
engaging with the media are pretty
controlled and pretty tightly managed
