Kostas I'm just as mad as a compositor
I'm here no bhubanpally nikujaga yep a
girl boss man super Nick Rimando
inventory for we're in Sindhupalchowk
it's actually in the exact opposite
direction of Saturday's earthquakes at
the center but it's one of the hardest
hit areas
behind this there's a Dutch rescue team
they're one of the first if not the
first aid team to come out here to see
us
okay sure you can take all right no
further delayed body inside here then
you're gonna cause epidemics so if you
found it you got to clear it up so if
you spot it then you just move on move
on move on is never ending story you get
a minnow so that's why I said if you
spot it then you go to clear the job
shorty rescue so only alive six times
the entire Dutch SAR team is over there
right now what we've learned so far is
that there is a man who's trapped under
the rumble he isn't alive and his family
is actually defined as waiting his wife
is partners
you know imagine you do we're gonna
Pauline agree again
yeah pack your boss man Saban Nick
Rimando inventory for no there are too
many dead animals you can help you to
locate it the place smells come from
everywhere the people fellows there then
after five minutes there and yeah there
we are is too big
is there a chance to ever find say our
team was here for over an hour
while color.they you okay so he lived
just a few houses away from the house
that he got trapped in apparently when
he stops by the house we're trying to
save all the boys to me if you can't
find the body what are you gonna do they
then I wonder though thank you one with
you I will roast the salami boy you suck
what I'm a lieutenant I said because it
is hard to one lesson this it needs the
marina
you
