I am destined Dada
that's so this search-and-rescue team
behind me our Germany and from Brittany
and they are going to a location which
is about an hour away and basically it's
a location that has haven't visited yet
and the search-and-rescue team is ahead
there are potentially
so we've stopped in a village because
the road is blocked up to where the
search and rescue teams to go they're
just talking to the army my god
the first step we do is always talk to
people live here what people seem to
happen or you know someone in there
which works at the rivers this usually a
communication problem but if it's not
you in country in a different kind of
different language can be a problem if
we do presume someone in the house we
will have we have canine with dogs with
us who will despite having in spite of
all technology still the best means of
actually locating a person because they
can smell a live person of course the
problem they can't smell exactly well
personalize because if the smell person
can dissipate in under it comes out
somewhere else than where the person's
like but it can confirm there's a lot
person
residents
while the dogs will decay today we're
going to get a camera
we're finished we don't think there's
anybody the challenges situations like
these are that search-and-rescue teams
come here from all around the world but
even when they get where they need to be
they often can't
