it's choosing April twenty-eighth and
here's some of the news beyond the
headlines protests escalating in Burundi
following the president's decision to
run for the election police have fired
tear gas and water cannons to disperse
thousands in the capital bujumbura the
tension in recent days has driven some
20,000 people to flee to neighboring
Rwanda Burundi is president Pierre and
currents Issa has threatened trouble for
any challengers to his government
controversial travel plans were
ultra-nationalists Russian bikers have
gone up in smoke on Monday Polish border
guard stopped 10 members of the night
walls club from entering the country the
groups are out from Moscow to Berlin to
commemorate the Soviet victory that
helped only World War two the Russian
government says the decision to refuse
the main entry is politically motivated
the US has imposed sanctions on the club
for its alleged involvement Russia's
annexation of Crimea as well as for its
recruitment of separatist fighters in
eastern Ukraine
hundreds of African migrants trying to
reach the European continent a
complaining with mistreatment detention
centers in western Libya the migrants
say that after fleeing harsh conditions
at home and now beaten treated like
slaves and not adequately fed we are
nowhere to go to we need your help fo
solely to Khalifa it is your hair I
forget that of this place before we die
yet many have fallen ill and say
diseases like hepatitis and HIV a
spreading amongst the freak storm has
left at least 45 people dead in
northwest Pakistan winds of more than 75
miles an hour ripped through buildings
down trees and electric poles several
hundred people were wounded and the
military was called in to both no rescue
efforts local meteorologists say the
region had never experienced the storm
of that kind before check out the vice
news youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries I'm around
the world yush terms takanaga cosmology
at okemo brother Max Oscar Machado
brother Matthias Corvinus tell him no
edema Putin s keturah an envelope
premiere he too quiet another business
tactic as deal on Lana's canesten
version Putin he captured in cutchogue
