it's Monday April 27 and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines
Kazakh stands long-term president
secured another term in office nor
Shelton Nazarbayev announced a snap
election in a move seen as an attempt to
trip up the opposition the two
candidates who ran against him are
considered pro-government figures 74
year-old Nazarbayev won nearly 96
percent of the vote in the 2011 election
the leader of the Central Asian nation
has faced allegations of corruption and
human rights abuses since he took power
in 1989 a series of bomb explosions has
left at least 22 people dead across the
Iraqi capital a number of Shia districts
were targeted as well as an army outpost
in Western Anbar province
officials suspect Sunni Islamist
militants were responsible for the
attack nearly 3,000 people marched in a
gay pride parade in Tokyo on Sunday
calls to legalize same-sex marriage have
grown since last month when a district
of the city became the first in Japan to
recognize same-sex unions couples living
in shibuya ward can now receive
so-called partnership certificates but
they're strictly symbolic activists say
other municipalities are considering
similar measures but that more must be
done to secure legal protections for the
LGBT community volcanic activity in
southern chile is killing off local fish
mud from the calbuco volcano has leaked
into the rivers salmon farmers have
asked authorities to relocate their
containers to protect harvests from
contamination two major eruptions last
week forced the evacuations of more than
4,000 people and the cancellations are
delays of flights in three South
American capital cities
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world so
we do meet apologetics Tony with
policeman attack Americans affiliated
roaster Picasso had like a verse to
America boom a guy to crane it's not a
key
