the administration adopted what you had
essentially laid out for a period of
time as the campaign plan for
Afghanistan and that was unprecedented
right to have someone from the Central
Intelligence Agency sort of outlining
the war plan it breaks all the rules the
job of CIA is to inform policy is not to
make policy robert grenier is the former
CIA station chief for Pakistan and
Afghanistan he was responsible for
designing the Afghanistan war plan
following the 9/11 attacks that drove
the Taliban and al-qaeda from Kandahar
this was a stunning turn of events that
the veteran intelligence officer has
captured in vivid detail in his new book
88 days to Kandahar a CIA diary vice
news sat down with Grenier at his home
in Virginia to talk about America's
longest war post 9/11 you were the chief
of station in Pakistan at the time what
happened next well is the chief of
station in Pakistan at that time I had
responsibility not only for Pakistan but
also for all of Taliban occupied
Afghanistan which was 90 percent of the
country in a sense the story began well
before about 18 months before 9/11 I and
the others in my station were working
very hard to try to organize a
anti-taliban tribal rebellion in the
south now we weren't actively doing that
because we didn't have a presidential
finding that would permit us to do it we
didn't have the authorities but we were
reaching out and establishing
relationships that we hoped would enable
us to lead that sort of a rebellion if
and when the order came to go forward
and obviously that order came to go
forward in the immediate days after 9/11
in the immediate days after 9/11 you had
hoped according to your book that you
could utilize all of those assets that
you'd been developing relationships with
to actually accomplish either
overthrowing the Taliban or pushing
al-qaeda denying them safe haven in
Afghanistan that was the initial goal
right they tried to explain to
Washington at the outset look at the end
of the day
this we're going to colonize Afghanistan
we need to have some sort of a political
dispensation in that country that will
deny it as a safe haven to international
terrorists and so initially we were
hoping that the Taliban would be that
for us now they had refused up until
then with the potential imminence of an
American invasion we were hoping that
that would cause mullah omar the head of
the taliban to change his mind he did
not change his mind and so I worked very
hard and too long meetings with his
deputy to try to convince him to push
mullah omar side and do what his chief
could not and he very briefly agreed but
that agreement didn't survive his return
to Kandahar and he quickly thought
better of it and so in the end we had to
push the Taliban with large side and
come in on the side of the Northern
Alliance in the civil war but very very
importantly at the same time support
tribal leaders in the Pashtun south of
Afghanistan who were willing to rise up
against the Taliban the Taliban was an
indigenous religious movement really and
much more so than a political party they
were a movement in southern Afghanistan
the question areas of Afghanistan and it
was that movement which was empowered by
the situation after the Soviet
withdrawal from Afghanistan when the
different Mujahideen leaders who had
united in the fight against the Soviets
fell to fighting against one another and
so Afghanistan was a complete mess it
was absolute insecurity people
particularly in the south were looking
for someone save them and the Taliban
was that force and Islam was their
driving motivation and when
you you don't have anything to include
security the one thing that you most
crave is security and that's what the
Taliban was able to provide in the post
9/11 days the administration adopted
what you had essentially laid out for a
period of time as the campaign plan for
Afghanistan that was unprecedented right
to have someone from the Central
Intelligence Agency sort of outlining
the war plan it breaks all the rules the
job of CIA is to inform policy it's not
to make policy and because CIA was in
such a unique position in Afghanistan
first of all that the country was was
very little known very little understood
including even within the intelligence
community certainly in in the executive
branch writ large we quickly determined
that the best way forward was for us to
leverage relationships with Afghans on
the ground who could do what we could
not over the long term and that is to
deny their country is the safe haven to
international terrorists and because CIA
had those relationships people were
looking to CIA to actually lead this
effort and so that put me in a very very
unique position and I laid out first for
the War Cabinet and then for the for the
president how I thought we should go
forward at least in terms of broad
outline and that's what the the
president approved and so that began
what you described in in your book as
the first Afghan war when you explain
these distinctions how many Afghan wars
are there yeah well we don't know yet
uh-huh and you could go back to the days
of the anti-soviet jihad when that the
u.s. at least played a supporting role
for the Mujahideen but in terms of
direct US involvement in hostilities in
Afghanistan obviously that that began
with the immediate post 9/11 period and
as I described in the book you know the
88 days was 88 days from 9/11 until the
7th of December 2001 when we and our
Afghan allies succeeded in driving both
al Qaeda and the Taliban out of their
capital which was Kandahar and so that
to my mind was that the first American
Afghan war the one that we thought at
least that we won and though in fact we
had the opportunity to consolidate that
victory I think that you we and and the
Afghans they don't the interstate
blaming all this failed to do that
and by the time I returned to focus once
again personally on Afghanistan and
Pakistan in the spring of 2005 by that
time I was the director of
counterterrorism made an extensive visit
both to Pakistan into Afghanistan you
could see at that point that the Taliban
was beginning to gain traction once
again in southern and eastern
Afghanistan we didn't know how serious
it was at the time but that to my mind
was the start of the second American
Afghan war the one where the u.s.
essentially took over after 2005 as we
began to see the situation slipping away
and it in a sense you know it in so many
words we as a government decided that
Afghanistan was too important to be left
to Afghans and we tried to turn
Afghanistan I would argue into something
that it was not a highly centralized
State with a large army large national
police force and we tried to do things
that we certainly were not going to be
able to do in the amount of time that we
made available and that arguably Afghans
were never going to be able to sustain
on their own and I think that that was
the the big error that we made that's
led us up to the present and you know
the substantial US withdrawal from
Afghanistan and I'm concerned that at
some point when things shift again and
the the frontlines in the global jihad
move once again that when once again
international terrorists in significant
numbers may be motivated to come back to
Afghanistan and we may be forced to
fight another American Afghan war what
do you think the prognosis is for
Afghanistan now in this diminished
American presence there I don't think we
will ever see a coalition government
involving the Taliban in Kabul there was
always going to be a place for the
Taliban as long as we're around in
Pashtuns Society and somehow that's
going to have to be accommodated and I
think that is the story of the next few
years I'm afraid that if the
international community particularly
nighted States abandoned Afghanistan
financially especially that this
government could go under and we could
end up in a situation very similar to
the one that we faced just before 9/11
now we're facing a new terrorist threat
and emergent terrorist threat in
northern Iraq and Syria
um in the Islamic state what are the
lessons that we can draw to apply to
this new threat that it's emerged in the
Islamic state well you're suggesting
that the situation with the Nizam ik
state Isis ISIL whatever you want to
call it in Iraq and Syria is is quite
different from what we faced in
Afghanistan in parts of Pakistan but
there are some very important analogies
to be made and I think it really from
our perspective it has to do with what
the constructive US role should be what
we're facing in Iraq and even more so in
Syria is that we don't have effective
allies on the ground in those countries
we need indigenous forces we don't have
them already we're beginning to see
pressure build to see a much more robust
American effort in those countries and I
think that that would be a very very
serious mistake because as I say there
as in Afghanistan at the end of the day
it's these countries are going to be
ruled governed by the indigenous people
and if we come in in a in a very
heavy-handed way we qualitatively change
the nature of the struggle it becomes
the infidels fighting against good
Muslims and that actually undercuts our
natural allies in the area it
strengthens our natural enemies that's
not where we want to be and that's where
we could end up just as we did in the
latter years in Afghanistan what our
lessons learned from the Afghanistan
complex the primary lesson that we need
to learn has to do with this large in
fact global problem that we have of an
uncovered space those are the spaces
that are used by international
terrorists as safe havens and those are
the spaces that need to be filled one
way or another and those are not spaces
that can be permanently filled by the
United States or the West writ large
that's something that can only be done
by Muslims and so I think if there's if
there's a lesson that is reinforced by
our experience in Afghanistan it's that
this global struggle is really not
between the west and a group of radical
Islamists this is a struggle within the
Islamic world for the heart and the soul
and the future of the Islamic world and
ultimately its Muslims we're going to
determine the victor in all this in 2002
as the
was secretly laying the groundwork for
another invasion this time in Iraq
Grenier returned to Washington and was
named a rock mission manager he was
responsible for all of the CIA's
intelligence operations and analysis in
the country where their mistakes made
that helped to foster what we see now is
the rise of the Islamic state the short
answer is yes there were many unintended
consequences of decisions that we made
in a different context particularly with
regard to Iraq you know given the extent
to which I have been very critical of
the dress W Bush administration in the
way that they conducted that campaign in
Iraq some people may be surprised to
learn that in fact I supported the
effort at the outset I supported the
idea of invading Iraq in order to topple
Saddam Hussein and we could spend a long
time talking about you know the reasons
for that I've not given up that idea
that said as soon as we won the military
campaign is is we knew we would and
relatively easily I think we made a
series of very bad mistakes now we don't
know how history would have turned out
if we had followed what I would regard
his wiser policies but I certainly felt
at the time and I think history is borne
out that we made some very serious
mistakes in formally disbanding the
Iraqi army in informally disbanding the
Baath Party and what we did just as in
Afghanistan essentially we and and our
Afghan allies conveyed the idea to the
Taliban that there's no place for you in
the new Afghanistan we conveyed the the
conception to Sunnis writ large that
there really is no place for you in the
new Iraq and I think it was exaggerated
by them but that was the clear idea that
they got that's what drove the
insurgency that we fought and it was
that insurgency then that created the
space for Islamic extremists to come in
and essentially take over the struggle
I spent about 16 years overseas mostly
in Muslim countries mostly in primitive
Muslim countries and during that time
you you managed to pick up a lot of
stuff old guns and Afghanistan and
daggers from the Arabian Peninsula and
this is Yemen right yeah this is this
Yemen yeah exactly and this one is from
Morocco this is a gold inlaid Chris
knife from Indonesia this is a
particularly interesting one I think
this is all gold fill and if you take a
look at the blade it's all it's watered
steel and then this is an old manuscript
that was given to me as a gift by a very
dear friend in in North Africa and of
course it's all handwritten probably by
150 or more years old Grenier was
working at CIA when the agency received
approval in 2002 to use so-called
enhanced interrogation techniques or EIT
s unsuspected high-value terrorists who
were detained at secret black site
prisons in his book Grenier said that by
the time he inherited the EIT program a
few years later as director of the CIA's
Counterterrorism Center it was efficient
and highly disciplined and with the
exception of waterboarding he supported
the continued use of the methods in the
news very prominently lately is a
retrospective look at the CIA's
rendition and detention program and
there's a lot of debate about the
efficacy of that is that there the
potential for that to now come back into
play as we're fighting a new threat in
the Islamic state and and how do those
two work together when we were capturing
people detention and interrogation was a
very important issue and the reason that
we are not capturing as important people
in anything like the numbers that we
were before is because they're no longer
present in the places where we and
allied services can capture them for the
most part they are in on governed space
whether it's in Iraq or Syria or Yemen
or Somalia the tribal areas in Pakistan
so it's not as though the US government
you know made a
the strategic or a tactical decision
we're gonna stop trying to capture these
people going to kill them instead it's
that we just don't have the same
opportunities to capture them that we
once did how critical was that program
in 2002 and 2006 right yeah III
inherited the the program as it had
evolved when I took over
counterterrorism in late 2004 and into
2002 2003 it was critically important
al-qaeda was a very disciplined
centralized organization we didn't have
good intelligence sources on al-qaeda at
the time the only real insight that we
got in the early days on al-qaeda was
through capturing these individuals and
interrogating them now a majority even
of the worst of the worst you know that
the most valuable if you will who came
into CIA hands a majority of those never
saw anything
you know more coercive than what you
would expect to find in a u.s. police
precinct there was however a minority of
those with whom we engaged in harsh
interrogation and of course that has
become a very politically sensitive
issue since but in terms of what came
out of that that program writ large it
was it was critical to us at the time we
didn't understand our enemy and I think
there's a lot this is probably not that
really understood people sort of had
this Jack Bauer conception that you know
you get you interrogate somebody
aggressively and you know he tells you
where the bomb is hidden and you get
there just before it goes off in real
life it doesn't work like that in real
life counterterrorism it's all about the
people and in a disciplined organization
where they carefully compart compartment
information as al-qaeda did even
capturing a senior member of the
organization is probably not going to
tell you very much about ongoing plots
what they can tell you about is the
people and so if you get to the people
before they can mature and launch those
plots you can keep those plots from
reaching fruition that's really what we
were about we're trying to find out
about their colleagues some of them are
willing to give up that information
relatively easily
some of them
was very very difficult do you have a
personal opinion about the enhanced
interrogation techniques nobody in CIA
was elected CIA just as the military has
to assure itself that the orders that is
given by the president illegal but once
they've assured themselves that it's
legal they have a professional
responsibility to follow through and
part of the concern that I have with the
with the political controversy that
we're seeing today is that we run a
serious risk of creating a generation in
CIA which thinks that they should be
deciding for themselves and for their
own personal and bureaucratic reasons
which of their lawful orders they're
going to follow institutionalized
insubordination is not where we want to
go well why did you ultimately leave
Skye oh it's a very long and
uncomplicated question and it works on
on different levels I'm glad that I left
when I did not because I didn't like it
loved every minute of it with in CIA at
that time is in many organizations that
many times there were a lot of internal
controversies and I would probably not
be the first one to find himself in a
position where his boss had previously
had his job and when you set out to do
the job differently from your
predecessor when your predecessor is now
your boss your days are probably going
to be numbered why write this book now
if I written this book back immediately
after I got out of CIA would have been a
different book it would essentially been
an adventure story and I think a fairly
compelling adventure story because of a
lot of extraordinary things that
happened during those 88 days but what I
didn't know at that time was that we
were going to be fighting essentially
another war in Afghanistan I didn't know
the rest of the story I didn't know how
this thing was going to turn out at
least in terms of the active US military
involvement in Afghanistan so the core
of the story is still the same but the
context in which I present it is really
quite different president Ghani has
requested some flexibility on our
drawdown timelines and I decided that we
will maintain our current posture of
9,800 troops through the end of this
year last month the Obama administration
announced that it would slow the pace of
withdrawal of the last remaining US
troops from Afghanistan at the request
of the country's President Ashraf Ghani
setting the stage for
another bloody year of battle against
insurgents despite the promises
America's longest war appears to be
getting longer Grenier who now works for
a financial firm focused on the security
intelligence sector says for all of the
billions of dollars spent in Afghanistan
and lives lost there's little to show
you
