it's Wednesday April 22nd and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
Indian officials made one of their
largest seizures of heroin when they
stopped a boat in the Arabian Sea on
Tuesday 500 pounds of the drug worth
nearly 100 million dollars were found
inside plastic jugs eight smugglers from
Pakistan were also detained in the raid
on the boat UN officials say they've
seen a spike in narcotics flowing out
from Afghanistan this year
six buses carrying citizens from Malawi
fleeing anti-foreigner violence in South
Africa arrived in the southern city of
Blantyre Malawi said it will provide
transportation and meals to the more
than 3,000 citizens in South Africa
waiting to return home to Malawi ins
were reportedly killed in the unrest
that has already claimed seven lives
thousands of migrants have been forced
to seek safety in refugee camps since
the unrest began in late March workers
in Chile set up roadblocks and class
with police during a national day of
strikes on Tuesday mining laborers near
Kalama blocked the road leading to a
copper mine as police in the capital
Santiago used water cannons to disperse
the crowds unions are demanding labor
reforms including the creation of a new
minimum wage friends and relatives in
addis ababa mourned the killings of two
men who were shown executed in a recent
Islamic state video the two men grew up
together and were planning to go to
Europe by boat when they were kidnapped
by the Islamic state in Libya lawmakers
in Parliament held a minute of silence
and passed a vote calling for three days
of national mourning protesters outside
called for more protections for
Ethiopian citizens
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world once
upon a time the American worker was a
company man tethered to one job looking
forward to retirement of pension gold
watch not anymore
everything you need to know how we work
broken down through facts and figures by
the smartest people in the world this is
the business
