it's Thursday April 16th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
dozens of farmers have committed suicide
after unexpectedly heavy rains destroyed
wheat fields across northern India the
Chief Secretary from Uttar Pradesh state
said more than 41 farmers had killed
themselves in the last two weeks the
province has declared a state of
emergency and has set aside 81 million
dollars to compensate affected
agricultural workers for their losses
nearly 70 percent of Indians rely on
agriculture for their daily income an
oil spill has left hundreds of thousands
of people without drinking water in
Mexico southern state of Tabasco the
spill was caused when thieves tapped
into an oil pipeline causing it to leak
into area rivers five water treatment
plants have been forced to close because
of the contamination faucets remain dry
and officials say they will have to
supply residents with water from tanker
trucks until the rivers are clean
a shipping company in Poland is using
drones to help catch these that steel
coal from their trains pkp cargo noted a
32 percent drop in theft after drugs
recorded the faces and license plates of
the criminals thieves often block the
tracks forcing trains to make an
emergency stop and then unload the coal
into cars over 900 robberies occurred
last year costing the company millions
of dollars a Japanese artist faces
charges of obscenity for making and
distributing objects modelled on her
vagina Megumi Agora she was arrested
last year for making a kayak with the
top shaped like her lady parts she faces
up to two years in jail if found guilty
Igarashi told reporters outside the
court that Japan is still backwards when
it comes to women's sexual expression
depictions of female genitalia remained
taboo in the country while on some
fertility festivals giant penises are
paraded openly through the streets
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world I'm
to the kindred I consume intraday Vida
Oblonsky que la del sobre la coka Salva
legal todas tienen Canosa me ento por SI
un plan alternative alternative cacao
cafe muchas veces en Dolan complete I
Racine Sentra okay Sarika
