it's Wednesday April 15th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines a
wave of violence aimed at foreigners
spread inside the city of Durban on
Tuesday shops owned by immigrants have
been looted and burned in recent days
police have fired rubber bullets in an
attempt to disperse the crowds four
people have been killed in the recent
unrest more than 60 foreigners were
killed in similar protests in 2008
locals are frustrated at the lack of
jobs in South Africa where unemployment
is officially around 25 percent Israel's
Civil Administration confiscated 20
newly installed solar panels belonging
to bed winds in the West Bank the
panel's were donated by a local
Palestinian NGO they were meant to
provide electricity to the nomads who've
been cut off from the grid milk farmers
from the community would use the
electricity to store products and
medicine for their livestock Israeli
authorities claim the solar panels were
constructed without permission
while the Bedouin chief says it's an
attempt to evict them from the area
mining in Haiti has ground to a halt
since the government failed to pass laws
regulating the industry foreign
companies that invested millions will
now have to wait to an earth gold and
copper after Parliament was unable to
complete legislation on environmental
regulations the mineral reserves are
estimated to raise twenty billion
dollars for the impoverished country but
many Haitians are skeptical of the
mining industry and worried that it
could increase pollution
Syrian children at the Zaatari refugee
camp are taking taekwondo lessons to
help them cope with the trauma of war
three Korean instructors teach both boys
and girls martial arts four times a week
teachers say the children's main
interest in attending the classes is
learning how to defend themselves in the
camp
Jordan hosts more than 600,000 refugees
who fled serious conflict over the past
four years
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
uranium debris kun-hee precursor
forgiveness picky bhg reverse some norm
me by Atul Cadore Ikea banging sir
