that's cause we totally even before the
pasta zhanka captain osaka i know
generate any passing them to do IMO me
by asset orchid or IQ way
we heard that a mortar shell came into
this area from the direction of the
airport in the town of peski which are
held by the Ukrainians this is
apparently where it landed
what blue heroic pathogen cheese nacho
commercials hadith parish water kata
juta smoochy was a theater moved PETA's
it was more a code up astraddle net a
load capital to Dollywood
no more don't prestigious kaneto secede
Apollo says trust reveal a few crucial
just Gaspar ultram Jin Qin a passive
circle since us scheduled at the harlot
Baba LaPook knowledge to viscous
material today the Borini to all those
motivo da Madeira article the sequester
on altimeter razor he said master Anna
Oh totes Donna Harada Jessie - Juanita
you remember Tom Tom we're not any
precursor website a premiere a new
option is not a boomers Naga putih
pyramid Yves you
it's Orthodox Easter Sunday and they're
supposed to be ceasefire in place but
incidents like this still happen what
the away is not a cheer way faster
I won't
we're continuing our tour of things that
were shelled this morning in Donetsk and
this is hospital number 21 and
apparently four shells came down here
according to the staff maybe one or two
of them went through the roof
we saw a fire truck and we followed it
to this house which has also been hit by
a shell we're right next to the airport
right now which is under the control of
the pro-russian forces the Ukrainian
lines are just a few hundred yards away
and it looks like this Easter Day is
turning out pretty badly this was
somebody's backyard the field of the
airport is just over there this is where
most of the fighting is still happening
luckily there haven't been any reports
of casualties today
raisa combos uno so Japan's rebellion
rasca visto tus ojos de grado tsuyosa da
stop we WA do uranium they presume he
pre-crash ya pre-crash charlotte's
no Jared eveness picky be a chair I was
nom nom he do it was nice a chair to go
done Manabu you color me up on your
cover Dominic yes I go yet yep popular
tomorrow Union no Camaro do she got
sesame what you know ghanoush aboot
rosters with Rosalie even if I edit into
the pasta Schalke captain who Schalke I
know janazah Technip a sealant or doom
me by attitude Ghidorah key waiting sir
spring is here and this feels like
spring time escalation Michels
keep coming down with more and more
frequency and it seems like the Minsk
ceasefire deal that was agreed in
February is now breaking down because
neither side wants to stick to the terms
of the agreement unfortunately this
conflict feels like it's about to
restart
we're in a separatist-controlled area
but there are official observers here
from both the Ukrainian and the Russian
side the guy on the right is a Ukrainian
officer and one on the left is from the
Russian military night's incident on a
schoolboy now what Cynthia waves
airplane no protector beaver lien emoji
Loretta rajsuya yagna to enjoy a chilly
need edema most hospital
just assure the scholarship winner to
Louis Lewis to meeting more finish on
use the gym abandon the gym when it
doesn't become the de facto rebel
authorities here have invited a
journalists out to the train station in
Donetsk they say that there was fighting
this morning and they've actually
brought the body of a man they say was a
Ukrainian fighter that they picked up
where the fighting was they've also
taken one man prisoner they've said do
you see an escalation happening right
now well it feels like an escalation but
we rarely do our best to stop the firing
and you comply with the Minsk agreement
and what why do you think the Minsk
agreement isn't holding right now what
are the reasons behind that because it's
a it's really a difficult task for both
sides and I think it's gonna take time
much more than we expected before do you
know anything about the battle in which
this fighter died well we we know there
was the heavy heavy shelling last night
and during the whole day yesterday and
same this morning and it's going on
right now so if you're considering the
particular fight I cannot comment on it
I can tell you about the whole area of
the Donetsk Airport how do you feel
about the fact that they've brought this
body out here to show to all of the
journalists I feel bad about it I don't
think it's proper position to do to show
up the the corpse Chauvin
so soldiers or something in front of the
journalists looking tough about it but
yeah I don't think we have to do a show
out of it
I guess this is their way of telling the
world that the ceasefire isn't working
and of blaming the Ukrainians for
attacking them but I think it's a pretty
macaw and a strange way to communicate
your position through a dead body
you
