most of those guys I think the the
majority were in there for heroin and
from what the social worker told us
that's because of self-medicating right
that's because they can't get meds
that's cuz heroin kills the pain in
Harrogate heroin is easy for them again
they can walk down the corner heroin you
cannot get drugs for schizophrenia or
drugs for depression bipolar or anything
like that on the corner hey everyone
this is Danny gold here with the vice
news where I hear on on the line thank
you for joining us we're gonna be
talking today about a piece that we just
put up on mountainous in jails in
Chicago
and sort of the struggles that the city
is going through with its mental health
resources we went inside Cook County
Jail which is the largest single-site
jail in America and now because of
budget cuts is the largest mental health
care provider in America as well with
thirty percent of the inmates having
mental illnesses and that's created all
sorts of problems and all sorts of
concerns as you can see in the piece
it's quite it's quite devastating
actually so we're gonna take some your
questions right now um starting off my
day we are starting off with Kate who's
calling us on skype from Los Angeles hi
Danny
hey Kay thanks for joining us no problem
so I have a question about the gentleman
who was speaking to himself in the
mirror and in talking to his father that
was a really powerful moment and you
guys touched on it being a therapeutic
group to help them you know transition
into you know entering society again can
you talk a little bit more about that
yeah I mean that's one of my favorite
things I've ever been a part of it was
extremely powerful one of the guards was
crying I was tearing up it was just one
of those things that felt so surreal
that it almost felt staged but I think
we just happened to catch a really
really important moment I don't think
those moments are that common I think
that we just happen to be there on a day
when someone's having a breakthrough and
you know having been through therapy
myself having known a lot of other
people that go through it
of issues we face with this job and
other things that's rare you know we
were really lucky to capture that and uh
yeah it was it's definitely something
that that I still watch and get chills
um so that is one of the therapy groups
that that sheriff dart has implemented
to help inmates sort of cope with a lot
of the issues that they're dealing with
and we sat in for a bit some of the
other inmates spoke to the walls well it
wasn't as powerful as I think Samuel was
his name what he said but it does seem
really really important because I think
a lot of these these guys have never
really gotten that kind of help before I
never really been through that before I
never had someone listen to them so to
see that happening I don't know it felt
it felt special you know maybe I'm not a
hundred percent optimistic that it's
gonna make a huge difference but I
definitely left that place feeling like
some people who never got care we're
finally getting the care that they
deserve right so is that it like they do
this this therapeutic you know session
support group and then they're just
thrown to the Wolves when they're when
they're out I'm gonna think there's no
transition program like like some places
do like a pre-release program where you
know you you have a job they monitor you
and make sure and you know make sure
your meds you're at a therapeutic level
this is not provided for them you know I
think that's part of their transition
out um and I'm not entirely familiar
with what exists for them on the outside
I do know that in the past there's been
very very few resources
I think sheriff dart is working with
advocacy advocacy groups and are there
sort of transitional groups to help you
know look for jobs look for temporary
homes or things that you mentioned like
halfway house house yeah things of that
nature but it's a struggle you know
these budgets are being cut even more
and these groups are suffering and
there's only so much that that you can
do when you're inside the system like
sheriff start looking for resources on
the outside but I do know there are
partnerships I do you know he's in
contact with these groups and I do know
they're trying to do as much as they can
but I do think and this is just an
opinion all too often people are just
sort of thrown to the wolves
as you said right right okay so that
kind of brings me to my next question
you know once they're out and they're
released and as the sheriff said a lot
of them you know it's just you know
vicious cycle they end up right back
where they were because they you know
they don't have the resources to get
their medications did any of the inmates
specify whether medication withdrawal
had anything to do with their arrests or
charges well I think when we saw when
we're at the index Center most of those
guys I think the the majority were in
there for heroin you know from what the
social worker told us that's because of
self-medicating right that's because
they can't get meds that's cuz heroin
kills the pain in her acute heroin is
easy for them again they can walk down
the corner at heroin you cannot get
drugs for schizophrenia or drugs for
depression bipolar or anything like that
on the corner you can get heroin so
that's a big issue
shame yeah yeah well thank you Danny
that was all I really had to ask thank
you so much for taking the time to talk
with us I just wanna I actually forgot
to show it I'd love to show the clip
that we have of Samuel going through
that process in case you haven't seen it
because it really is that sort of
powerful a situation so can we go can we
roll the clip guys I believe is a direct
result man full auto stop man and I can
get out of you when they called me and
they said that you had passed they told
me man I had all the rights to pull the
plug on you you ain't getting that right
to me how can you get that right to me
and I been no son you know these are
things I won't
just know I forgive you you know I know
you thought it was the best damn band
but I forgive you man so today man I'm a
better man man I'm getting better you
realize I don't have no reason I know
you I'm not disappointed in you man cuz
you know you did what you could
so thank you so much kafir for joining
in it thank you for pointing out that
scene because I do think it's extremely
powerful I think next yeah of course I
think next we're gonna go to Terrell
yeah yeah we are gonna go to Tyrell
actually so Trel is calling us from
brooklyn and say hey Tatro little click
hey it's well what's going on let's go
and daddy uh it was uh actually I really
enjoyed looking at your piece and one of
the things that I noticed right away and
I want to ask you if you saw this did
you consider that there was a great deal
of privilege behind the policy rationale
of why so many of the well half of these
claims were closed in Chicago many of
the people you spoke to said that it
required six five or six bus rides to
get to a clinic and so the politicians
was telling us oh well there's still
clinics and city where people could go
to however these clinics required half
of a person's day to get to and no one
really considered the fact that maybe
some of these individuals work and that
no one could take that much time away
from work to go to these places so did
you observe any privilege and these
decision because I noticed that neither
the mayor nor the governor responded to
your request to speak to them yeah no
knee them did and um you know I didn't
notice that right in front of you but I
think it's obvious a lot of these these
policy makers you know our wealthier our
white are in our much better communities
and I think you know maybe they're under
the assumption that some of these people
don't get extreme' that these facilities
can just go have insurance or can just
pay to go see a therapist or a
psychiatrist and it can and even if they
could you know they don't have cars
you're talking about three or four bus
rides sometimes you know one of the
things that was brought up was they're
going through gang territory sometimes
and it's just a it's a huge issue I
think we have a clip that explains it
so this was shut down April 9 2012 it
was part of the six clinics absolutely
shut this place has no psychiatrist and
the place that was here had psychiatrist
said psychiatrists had therapists had
nurse and these are all the things that
you need when you're dealing with mental
health just as with the african-american
community there's a stigma in the Latin
community in the Hispanic community
mental illness is not an accepted
diagnosis so if you have a chance to go
to a place like this that is a walking
distance you go Souter Ella actually
want to ask you about that for those who
don't know Terrell wrote an amazing art
as a writer or a journalist and wrote an
amazing article on on his own battles
with mental health about black suicide
if you google Terrell star and black
suicide you'll find the article and you
grew up in a very underserved community
without many options and without many
resources so I was hoping I mean you
could elaborate a little bit about what
you went through absolutely I grew up in
Detroit Michigan and and living a very
violent household up until the age of 18
years old before I left for college in
Little Rock Arkansas
and at 12 years old I was given a 357
Magnum and told it I was Amanda House I
experienced a lot of emotional abuse so
I had a live-in uncle who was a drug
agat addict and he was a serial a
serious uh seriously addicted to crack
cocaine and he threatened to kill me my
grandmother on numerous occasions and at
one point he basically threatened to
take our lives and so I reached and got
grabbed a gun and I tried to shoot him
but fortunately there was someone in the
house and they that's our gun away from
me but I lived with that trauma of
living with that drug-addicted unhold
for years and it was and I carried that
trauma did not process it did not know
what was going on with me but I felt
depression all throughout my 20s and
it finally caught up with me at 32 years
old 33 years old and I made other plans
to commit suicide there's just all of
the trauma and all of the anxiety just
came up and I decided I wanted to end my
life and it was something I didn't feel
like I could control then I eventually
got help but I as I reflect back on that
moment I know that there as a kid I was
taught that those types of things were
normal growing up in violence was normal
violence with scenery and there was no
culturally accepted way to admit that
those experiences hurt you that those
experiences were painful and I decided
to write this BuzzFeed piece hoping that
many people would realize that my
strength and my resolve to talk about
this issue in order to get help was a
sign of my strength and a willingness to
confront all of the terrible things that
I experienced now were there resources
for you that you were aware of when you
were growing up at all in your community
for mental health well no because in our
neighborhoods we weren't taught that the
thing about it is you are taught to as
men as a young girl as a child as a
child who was told at 12 years old that
I was a man and so men deal with those
things men don't talk about hurt their
the concept of resources is a completely
foreign thing because you don't know
that you're experiencing pain you don't
know that you're experiencing hurt
because you're taught to not think about
it and you only experience this yeah I
only started learning about mental
health when I was in my 20s but I didn't
think that I would actually need it it
was only until I lost control of myself
emotionally and mentally that I needed
help unfortunately I had enough people
resources through my job in order to get
the proper counseling I had to get and
one of my jobs I require an on-the-job
psychological evaluation because I broke
down at my job that's how bad you got
well thank you Tyrell so much for
sharing with us and if you haven't read
his piece already please do it's
incredibly brave it's incredibly
importance and it touches on a lot of
the issues that we're discussing here
today and that our documentary shown as
well so thanks again Tyrell we really
appreciate it man
thank you yeah thanks trial for coming
on and Danny I got a video message on
skype that I want to play for you so
take a listen to this hi this is me from
DC calling with a question for Danny I'm
actually wondering about bridging the
gap between services offered in Cook
County Jail and the community so in
terms of mental health services once an
inmate leaves the system is there any
sort of coordination or are there
relationships with community health
workers or other social safety nuts that
might be available in the area so may
thank you for that question and thank
you for sending this video in I think we
touched on this a little earlier you
know there are advocacy groups like this
group called Nami that we spoke to spend
some time with there is some help that
that Sheriff dart is trying to
coordinate but I think that those
resources are severely limited and
people you know continuously fall
through the cracks and from what we
understand there's gonna be more budget
cuts on mental health and sheriff dart
told us himself
he's worried a lot of these groups their
budgets are gonna suffer so I don't
think there really is that much that
many resources out there provided for
them there are few actual mental health
facilities but even that traditional
stuff housing jobs things of that nature
that really need to be provided for
there's just not that much out there you
know these people really are left to
fend for themselves and if you're on
medicated and untreated for whatever
mental health issues you're going
through that just makes the problem
worse and worse and worse and sort of a
vicious cycle
um I think do we have a clip we do have
a clip I'm here because I'm bipolar and
antipsychotic I'm both diagnosed with
ADHD and schizoaffective and anxiety
disorders were you getting a help when
you were outside when you were in
Chicago you know the only place I know
to get my meds at Aunt Martha's and for
me to get to Aunt Martha's from my town
to Hazel Crest is it was five six bus
transfers
and a whole day it was it like for you
when you're off your lives it's horrible
but that right now my main concern my
main concern is where I'm gonna live
what am I gonna eat you know meds are
one thing no that's not even rats got
put a roof over my head
are you worried a little bit yeah cuz I
know like I I'm I have 3 felonies
already and I've been to prison three
times and every time was because I was
off my medication and I ended up
self-medicating so there you go that's a
that's a perfect explanation of sort of
what people are going through it it's
actually strange that because of the way
the system works now and some of the
programs sheriff dart has provided
there's a better care provider for
people in jail than outside of it which
is you know pretty horrific but thank
you so much maybe for sending in that
clip but let's let's move on to I think
our next question yeah yeah we've got
Kenya calling us from Washington DC on
skype let's say it can you hey Kenya how
you doing I'm good how are you I'm great
thanks I just wanted to know we're
seeing a lot of instances around the
country right now of police brutality
and a lot of times the victims of these
cases are mentally ill and unfortunately
police officers are the first line of
defense for mentally ill people who are
left on the streets and what type of
additional training are Chicago police
officers if any are they receiving for
the influx of mentally ill people who
will now be in the streets as a result
of these closures so there's something
called crisis intervention training
which is a relatively new program I
believe across the country that some
cities are implementing I know Miami's
big on it I think Chicago they're doing
it as well which teaches police officers
had a cope with mentally ill people
unfortunately our request to sort of
participate or tag along and film this
process by Chicago PD was declined um
sheriff dart said that his staff had had
received some of that training and also
you know one of the one of the key
things we noticed was that they're not
exactly Corrections staff but that
program where the social workers talked
to the inmates the arrestees as they're
brought in and try to evaluate them
that's that's rare that's unique I think
to Cook County Jail and that's extremely
important I think we have a clip of it
right now
that's not gonna happen
Sarge yep I'm gonna have him single sold
my first suicide watch I'll notify
can you explain to us what just happened
with that young man is honest bipolar
he's very very worried about his case
but more than anything is not oriented
time so some concerns he's got a plan
he's had several suicide attempts before
so what would have happened to that
young man had he not been screened here
right now he would probably have a
suicide attempt so but it's exactly like
you said I mean this is a tremendous
issue all across the country
I feel like every week I see a story
about a mentally ill person being
confronted by police
I'm just being shot down in the street
or killed being beaten things of that
nature I think even literally five
minutes before I got on this program I
saw an update on Twitter I got an email
from from someone about that a new case
having happened today it's a huge issue
I've seen proposals made from everything
from having you know mental health care
providers go on the scene when when
police are aware that it's a mentally
ill person toward just more training for
police it's yeah it's it's dire it's
like you said we've got more people on
the street with mental illnesses and
you're in underserved communities who
aren't going to be given the benefit of
the doubt who police aren't going to
know how to talk to it because that
takes serious training that just isn't
is it made available thankfully now some
of this training is starting to take
place in cities across the country I
just hope that that it's used and that
it's respected and that we see far less
of these events I'm glad you mentioned
the you know across the country and the
fact that this type of training is being
respected I'm actually also curious
whether this has a potential or even is
at the moment contributing to a prison
industrial complex where you know a lot
of violent offenders are being let off
early on sentences are on their
sentences and now we need beds to fill
especially for private prisons around
the country is this is this issue with
you know imprisoning the mentally ill is
this something that's unique to Chicago
or can we see similar instances in other
cities I think it's I think it's a
problem across the country um you know
the studies showing the tremendous lack
of beds have like it's decreased
exponentially the amount of beds that
are provided for mental health care
but with issues with mental health care
um and I think it's it's you know I
don't know Miami's had an issue we
actually plan to shoot in Miami for a
bit I think it's a it's a it's a
countrywide problem as far as the effect
of private prisons you know that's not
something we looked into for this piece
it is an incredibly important issue I
know there's some great reporting -
friends of mine Hannah rappley and Lisa
Rio and Seville have done stories on
private prisons and private probation
you can google the names and see those
stories I unfortunately am not really up
to date on that but you know everything
sounds like it's interrelated it but
also you caught that moment where
sheriff sheriff dart said you know
Violent Crimes have gone down most of my
violent crime units are empty sometimes
we did an interview in an empty facility
but my mental health units they're
always crowded or overcrowded yeah well
thanks so much thank you so much for for
being here thank you for talking to us I
really really appreciate it yeah so
Danny one one thing I want you to take a
look at before we close out the show we
got this tweet from Lori and she wanted
to know what questions should
journalists be asking about our county
and country's jails and their mental
health programs so you know what advice
would you give to other journalists I
mean I think there's a there's a million
questions we should be asking why is
this the case who's behind this who's
profiting from it why are these
decisions being made is it really saving
money because it comes down to it um I
mean morally and ethically we know that
it's it's completely horrible like
there's no reason we should be treated
are mentally ill like this that's not
even a question but unfortunately a lot
of times it comes down to to budgetary
concerns and as we explained in the
piece this is actually costing more
people cut these facilities higher-ups
governors whatever it is policymakers
cut these facilities to save money and
they're actually not saving money so not
only is it like morally and ethically
reprehensible it's actually costing the
taxpayer more and you know sometimes you
can't get through to people on a moral
and ethical level sometimes you need a
financial level and you know you you
look at these two things it just doesn't
make sense there's absolutely no reason
for it um those are the sort of
questions that that should be being
asked like what is my local jail what is
my local county jail doing people in
mental health how are these people being
treated
are they cycling in
is it a revolving door these are you
know things that really really need to
be called attention to and really need
to be addressed and there are people
that are doing fantastic work on that
but I think it's it's an issue that that
is solvable in some way and we should
really be hammering at home because it's
it's reprehensible that this is the way
that we treat our mentally ill all right
well that's a great answer to important
question Danny and you've made it to the
end of the show so why don't you say
goodbye to everybody at home guys thank
you so much for tuning in for sending us
your tweets and your Skype questions I
wish we had time to answer them all
please tune in next week we're gonna
have another fantastic correspondent
answering your questions about whatever
peace it is that they're answering your
questions about but um thanks again for
joining us at on the line I mix again
for sending in your Skype calls in 2012
the city of Chicago which had run 12
mental health clinics spread throughout
the city decided to cut that in half and
make it six there was no rhyme or reason
there was no discussion there was no
plan put together it just cut it and as
a result of it we found countless
detainees here waiting on their trial
who would come to me and tell me over
and over again you know where am I gonna
go what I'm gonna do I mean that was my
clinic I don't know what to do
you
