what is it about legacy in political
families is this the family business for
me it wasn't this new legislation that's
being fast-tracked right now if I'm
protesting I can be spying on I can be
arrested is the end result not a police
state there are people very very worried
about what this government has been
doing and is doing are you going to be
the next prime minister of Canada first
of all I just want to say thanks for
taking the time I know you're a busy man
I'd like to start maybe with a couple
personal questions down in the States
it's looking like we might have a Bush
Clinton 16 what is it about legacy in
political families obviously your father
was a tremendous force in Canadian
politics is this the family business if
for me it wasn't all right for me I was
so proud to become a high school teacher
to become an activist in all sorts of
ways that I said I believe in making a
difference but I'm not sure that
politics is the path for me and I knew
that going into politics with the kind
of weight of my father behind me would
make it all that much more difficult
sure I have to work extra hard to
highlight that I am my own person and
that I'm not just about defending what
happened 40 or 50 years ago and I'm
about responding today's challenges but
one of the things that really encourages
me is I spent so much time talking to
young people for whom my father you know
was you know something out of their you
know great a text butter but doesn't
have any reality in a connection or
emotional sense that are responding very
positively to my approach into what I
have to offer so that's reassuring to me
that it's not just about name or
or legacy right so we've talked a little
bit about your past are you going to be
the next Prime Minister of Canada
I'm working very very hard on it I mean
we have a huge hill to climb we're in a
distant third place right now and to
form government means we have to
demonstrate a level of hard work and
engagement and ability that'll make
Canadians say yeah this is the team we
want but the Liberal Party sitting in
the center as we are we need to draw
from a whole bunch of people who are
voting for not just voting against the
extremes they don't like and that means
going after that cynicism and saying no
let's be hopeful and positive about the
future we want to build and roll up our
sleeves and work to get it the lack of
environmental responsibility on the
world stage by Canada has led to people
being able to point to our oil cents and
make them entirely unfairly the poster
child for climate change number one for
our demographic the environment I know
you're very progressive on the
environment however you know you've come
out for Keystone maybe you could explain
that a little bit sure well first of all
we need a government in Canada that
actually recognizes the climate change
is real and a real threat yes for all
that this government tries to pretend it
cares about it it's not actually acting
on it what that means is we need a price
on carbon we need to make sure that
Canada is playing a role in getting to a
price on carbon
right now this government has not done
it and not even been willing to talk
about it it's actually rolled back you
know Protocol totally rolled back and is
an obstructionist on the world stage
this is where we've lost a lot of a lot
of our used to be good reputation as a
country people are wondering what
happened to Canada that's my father what
happened uh well we have a government
that that figured out or that chose to
play up fears division got elected on
promises of accountability and
transparency that it then completely
threw out the window as soon as it did
it's an oil oil what this government did
when it came in is it said okay
we need to get our resources to market
better so we're going to quash all the
protest groups we're not going to you
know engage in community licensing and
we're going to ease up on regulations so
that we can get things built and what
has happened is because they've done
that nobody's letting them build the
project so even a project like Keystone
Excel which is a good and responsible
project has become a symbol for climate
change if you want to stop climate
change stop this pipeline or stop the
oil sands and the counter-argument that
no we're doing this responsibly we're
making sure we get the balance right
we're doing environment and economy
together has not been said and and
therefore people don't trust our
government so yes Canadians know
everybody knows we need jobs we need to
grow our economy we just need to do it
in a responsible way and that's what
this government completely hasn't done
you have to leave now
what's to stop this bill from being used
to spy on the government's political
enemies so when I was growing up hearing
Ottawa Canada I was in a group called
Youth Action for peace and when Reagan
came we protested and I also worked for
Greenpeace Canada
lots of protesting so if I'm opposed to
Keystone or oil sands what have you I
can go out and protest
however there's new legislation that's
being fast-tracked right now if I'm
protesting I can be spied on I can be
arrested I worry about this in America I
worry about this in Europe I especially
worry about it up here that much like in
1984 we use the threat of terrorism to
give the government and police special
powers and every time I talk to
politicians I understand the reasons why
however is the end result not a police
state no and I understand that fear
particularly now in Canada where we have
a government even before it brought this
forward was calling environmental
activists out west terrorists and and it
was it's ramped up the rhetoric and has
displayed a pattern of disrespect and
aggression I mean there are people very
very worried about what this government
has been doing and is doing so they put
forward a piece of legislation that has
a number of very worrying elements in it
however there are a number of things in
that legislation that increase security
for Canadians that do make us safer at a
time where people are worried about
terrorism people are worried about these
things we have pledged to fix that
because there shouldn't be a
contradiction between keeping people
safe and respecting the values and
rights that were so proud of in a free
country yeah and I think when you look
at it it seems saying you know we want
to keep our people safe however when you
can read their emails when you can tap
their phones without warrant when you
can incarcerate them when you talk about
this legislation amending
it I believe you said look we'll fix it
if we get elected I realize you're not
in power now but shouldn't there be a
little bit more well first of all in the
years following 9/11 it was my party it
was a Liberal government that brought in
counter terror legislation it but of
course yeah now we're fifteen sixteen
years later there's a whole set of new
challenges we need to make sure that
we're updating that and this government
is doing it with an eye towards the
politics of fear our best challenge is
saying well how do we not make this
about partisan politics how do we show
Canadians that there is a responsible
balanced there is a responsible party
out there and we'll say yes there are
measures that are going to keep
Canadians safer in this piece of
legislation so we're going to support it
but it's not the type of legislation we
would have brought forward we're going
to be proposing amendments and a few
months from now we will offer it in our
election platform and we will fix it if
we get elected because what we need to
understand is it is imperative to
protect our privacy to protect our
freedom to protect our our values as a
country that we change this government
and that's what I'm focused on
I'm actually not in favor of
decriminalizing cannabis I'm in favor of
legalizing it imagine selling marijuana
just like cigarettes and alcohol Justin
Trudeau he's in way over his head so
let's talk about the next election
platform and the fun stuff let's get to
the fun stuff pot yeah go Canada right
now has the number one rate of teen
underage use of marijuana in the world
29 developed countries I don't know how
it's easier for kids to buy a joint than
it is to buy a beer or even a cigarette
yeah hey so our current system isn't
working we want to keep it out of the
hands of our kids while respecting
adults rights to make their choices and
that means if we control and regulate it
the way one controls and regulates
alcohol for example it actually becomes
more difficult for underage people to
get it sure and most importantly it
keeps the millions upon millions of
dollars that right now is being funneled
into criminal organizations and gangs
back into public coffers where we get to
invest in treatment in research in you
know understanding exactly what how best
to manage this particular product if pot
is the most popular thing or out of the
developed nations and they taxed it you
wouldn't have to have sales tax I mean
it was a huge boom there's a certain
amount of money that coming you have to
find the right level because if you over
tax well then the black market comes in
anyway but finding something that
actually works and you know there's lots
of models around the world or Colorado's
why not that we can look at and when I
first announced the policy I you know
every every interview I had there'd be a
question so you can legalize pot it was
the big you know and I used to roll my
eyes and say oh gotta talk about this
again I really want to talk about our
plans for the economy but okay I'll talk
about it but then I realized that
talking about this actually becomes a
proof point for evidence-based policy
for not being stuck on ideology of
reefer madness of I mean the attack ads
that the Conservative government is
putting out against me personally saying
I want to you know make it easier for
kids to get pot is a blatant
misrepresentation and the kind of scare
tactics that are actually bouncing back
on them because people are saying wow
these guys are really out to lunch and
they don't understand
a solid piece of public policy the way
Justin's presenting it so the next
election be partisan politics they
always are one of the things we were
talking a little bit about earlier is
young people getting them invested in
the political process why because
environment is important you know
legalization of pot is important all of
these issues by the way the security
purity net neutrality you know
understanding those issues that are so
important not just to young people here
but to the future of our economy and and
of our countries so we're gonna be
talking to young people continually and
saying all of this stuff okay these are
important issues to you what would you
say to them about the next election well
first of all I don't get a bad rap for
being apathetic sure um and they are but
politics mhm but that's not because they
don't care because we have a generation
young people more aware of the world
more invested in more interested more
compelled to find their way to make a
difference and have themselves heard but
politics just no longer seems like a
worthwhile use of their time to invest
in to actually make a difference so for
me turning that around and demonstrating
through responsible policies through an
openness to debate to to the kinds of
public events that I always do where I'm
just open to questions and challenges
from everyone where people can feel that
they're getting traction in engaging mmm
is a big piece of it especially because
getting young people out to vote isn't
just about getting a few more ballots in
to the progressive side of the equation
which of course I'll take know but it's
also about understanding that we have a
generation of young people who have an
awful lot to say about where the world's
going and naturally think more long-term
and are less afraid of change I mean all
these transformative changes are
happening around you so people who are
unafraid of change
at the political level when you're young
we need to draw on that dynamism because
quite frankly our politics are
approached to so many issues in this
world needs to share kind of is going
backwards great fine we have been for
the past eight nine years and that's
what we've got to wake up to
