it's Thursday April 9th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines the
growing conflict between Houthi rebels
and government forces in Yemen is
causing refugees to seek safety in
Somalia on Wednesday a ship carrying 120
Yemenis arrived in the port of BER bruh
and the UN says thousands more are
expected they came from the country's
third largest city tuyas which has also
become a target of recent bombings their
arrival in Somalia stands in contrast to
the usual flow of refugees between the
two countries a tuberculosis outbreak is
spreading in eastern Ukrainian prisons
more than 170 inmates have developed
drug-resistant TB fighting in the area
has prevented much-needed supplies from
reaching prison hospitals NGOs with
access to patients on both sides of the
conflict are stepping in to combat the
outbreak Peruvian workers have
discovered that at least 15 bodies have
been stolen from their graves the tombs
at San Jose Cemetery in Lam bak were
broken into and clothing and bones were
found in the area this isn't the first
time it's happened
police say medical students have taken
bodies for surgical training in the past
and traditional healers have taken body
parts for use in their practices
Australian scientists are studying
sharks pray for a new way to ward off
attacks the team at Taronga Zoo in
Sydney is looking at whether sharks
mistake surfers for seals researchers
hope to use the findings to create
so-called shark repellents they plan to
attach flashing lights to surfboards and
test them in South Africa later this
year check out the Vice News YouTube
channel for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
and he had to have a chuckle you know -
the jihad Haven merciless alarm on
