it's wednesday april eighth and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
indian police have killed 20 suspected
sandalwood loggers in the country's
south a forestry officials said the
loggers attacked police with axes and
sticks but rights groups dispute that
saying they were actually unarmed
laborers exporting sandalwood in India
is illegal since the trees are
endangered high demand from China and
Japan means that one ton of sandalwood
can fetch as much as eighty thousand
dollars on the black market
Chinese tourists will have to be on
their best behavior while vacationing
abroad Beijing has announced new
measures to monitor its residents
actions in foreign countries and keep a
record of so-called uncivilized acts for
up to two years the move is a response
to a stream of incidents that the
tourism ministry said reflected poorly
on the country one involved Chinese
tourists drying their underwear at a
temple in thailand the Libyan military
is helping to address a serious shortage
of medical equipment as violence
continues across the country troops have
secured a major I Hospital in Benghazi
so that medical staff could salvage the
critical supplies city hospitals have
appealed for gloves surgical knives and
even bedsheets amid ongoing fighting
between Islamist militias and government
forces chili harvested its first legal
crop of medical marijuana on Tuesday
it's part of a government approved
program aimed at helping cancer patients
manage their pain Chilean still faced up
to 15 years in prison if convicted of
growing or selling pot for recreational
use check out the vice news YouTube
channel for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world 2012
the city of Chicago which had run 12
mental health clinics spread throughout
the city decided to cut that in half and
make it six it's much easier for many of
these individuals to see the local drug
dealer on the corner waiting for them
than it is to take two trains and a bus
to the north side of Chicago to see a
psychiatrist 45 minutes
you
