if you get something back that's
redacted immediately appeal challenge
the integrity of the search and try to
make an argument for why this
information is in the public interest
hey I'm Jason Leopold I'm an
investigative reporter for vice news
I cover national security
counterterrorism civil liberties and I
aggressively use the Freedom of
Information Act to shed light on these
issues and I'm here to take your
questions
hey Jason thanks for coming on today so
first person we have is Kevin who's
calling us on skype so let's say it
Academy hey Kevin how's it going - great
my question for you is how do you handle
situations where you've made requests
only to get a heavily redacted document
deeper and kind of where do you go from
there I'm sorry Kevin you're the part of
your question cut out Mike can you uh
yeah I think that I think basically the
gist of it there is that Kevin's
wondering how you handle FOIA requests
when you get heavily redacted documents
and you know how common is that I guess
it's it's really common first of all you
should know that you know back in 2009
when President Obama came into office he
signed this executive order and this
executive order said you know that he
was gonna I sure in a new era of
transparency and open government largely
because the previous administration the
Bush administration had been so
secretive Attorney General Eric Holder
issued these new guidelines which
essentially said that all of these
government agencies you know have to act
on a presumption of openness that means
that they have to make these you know
certain documents available in in
response to FOIA requests what's
actually happened over the past six
years is that it's it's gotten worse
arguably worse than what the Bush
administration did and we're seeing that
the government withholds documents
largely - you know to protect themselves
from embarrassment or fear and they use
the National Security card often
recently for a request that I filed and
a subsequent lawsuit resulted in more
than a hundred and fifty pages of
redacted documents in response to
the and the NSA did the or excuse me
that the Defense Intelligence Agency did
this analysis on the leaks by Edward
Snowden the the leaks that took place
and they wanted to see like you know
what kind of damage resulted so this was
unbelievable I got literally a hundred
and fifty pages of redacted documents
you know the great thing about FOIA
though is that you get the opportunity
to appeal it you get the opportunity to
keep going back and back and back and
forth and and to fight it's such an
empowering tool because of what it
affords the requesters so I mean I use
it obviously very aggressively you know
to try to tell these stories but what I
always tell what I always try to advise
people and tell them is that you know if
you get something back that's redacted
immediately appeal challenge the
integrity of the search appeal all the
withholdings and try to make an argument
for why this information is in the
public interest I think often times
people just throw up their hands and say
I don't want to deal with it I mean it's
a tedious process but if you know going
into it
that is a very empowering tool that you
have in front of you
you know you can find some great success
I mean I've appealed many FOIA requests
and have actually gotten some of these
government agencies to take another look
and to unredacted of these documents and
very quickly I also want to note that in
addition to the Freedom of Information
Act and this is part of it there's
something called
mandatory declassification review and
what that means is is that if you know a
particular document that you want to get
if you know that for example the CIA you
know has a report and it's classified
you can actually file what's known as a
mandatory declassification review that
is that basically means that you know a
board gets together and they determine
whether or not you know this certain
document can be declassified
under this law and these statistics
actually are much greater for mandatory
declassification reviews
versus FOIA so I mean again this is it
gets a little bit wonky you know this is
a lot for this there's a lot of info for
the for the FOIA nerds but I hope that
you know others will sort of you know
look into that and and take advantage of
it so you know in and and and by the way
one last thing is that you also have an
opportunity to appeal to a FOIA
Ombudsman you know if if something is
withheld or heavily redacted and you
know the government agency says well
that's it we're not giving you anything
there's a FOIA Ombudsman that you could
work with it's actually a liaison with
these government agencies that's sort of
you know in lieu of filing a lawsuit so
there's a lot of tools out there that
that would be that are beneficial to a
requester that you can take advantage of
and and that's a great question thanks
for asking
it's so great answer Jason you've got a
kind of fun tweet that came in that I
want you to take a look at and so fast
98 dad asked how do you pick which
concert t-shirt to wear at guant√°namo
um so I think he's kind of getting at
the Guantanamo work you've done so I'm
gonna ask a follow-up question can you
tell us a little bit about the the work
by snoozes dumb regarding Guantanamo
sure so you know Guantanamo is just a
complete black hole of secrecy and it's
virtually impossible to get anything out
of Guantanamo you know they have the
motto they have a couple of mottos one
is fairness transparency justice which
was changed over the years from
something else but that that you know
that that second word transparency is
just laughable because they're anything
but transparent and you know so well you
know what I've done is I've actually you
know used the Freedom of Information Act
to pry loose documents from Guantanamo
to shed light on what actually takes
place behind the scenes in it with
regard to the operations there and you
know just here's an example last year we
obtained the standard operating
procedure for hunger strikes there and
basically this is a sort of the
guidebook that
that that the guards and the medical
team at Guantanamo follow when detainees
are in hunger strike or you know when
they have to be force-fed and what was
amazing about this document is that it
showed that they were getting such
negative publicity revolving around
hunger strikes so what they did was is
they changed the name from hunger
strikes to long term non religious fasts
and again long term not religious fast
and that was buried in this document but
you know we wouldn't have received that
if we didn't use the Freedom of
Information Act to get that I mean you
know a couple of other you know great
success stories we had is you know there
was a massive hunger strike there in
2013 and the hundreds of more than 100
detainees were you know were being
force-fed we actually got the document
to find out one how much a liquid
nutritional supplement they were forcing
these detainees to ingest how much money
they spent on it which was over three
hundred thousand dollars and in addition
to that they what flavor they like
vanilla apparently is the most popular
you know flavor so you know that was you
know that was a great a little tidbit of
info there but in terms of fast 98
dodges question about how I pick which
which t-shirts where it's a very lengthy
process to go through I look through all
my concert t-shirts or you know try to
try to find something that is you know
more or less ironic or or represents the
exact opposite of what you know of what
Guantanamo is you know one picture that
I use as my Twitter avatar is I'm
standing outside of Guantanamo wearing a
black flag t-shirt and I just felt that
was you know sort of ironic black flag
you know King Justice and what's what's
funny about that is that after that
picture was taken you know I heard that
you know some of the folks at Guantanamo
were kind of pissed off because they
thought that it represented the Black
Flag
kaida which was the most stunning thing
that I that I've ever heard I'm like you
guys don't know you know Black Flag and
apparently they didn't another one was
you know Jello Biafra
and the Guantanamo School of Medicine
that was you know that was one that you
know was really happy to be photographed
in and then the band war why can't we be
friends and I felt that was a nice
message to convey so thank thanks for
the question okay so that's a good one
man so hey listen I want to pull up
another one of her skype guys we have
Shawn Musgrave who I you may or may not
be familiar with calling us from Boston
Mass so hey Shawn how's it going Shawn
great to see you yeah doing good great
thanks for thanks for being on that line
yeah absolutely I wanted to go back to
what you said about the non non
religious non-religious long term fasts
or long term non-religious fasts and and
second talking about lingo is this lingo
and jargon because this is something
that I encounter a lot in my
investigative work also around national
security and law enforcement in
particular is that I don't necessarily
know what document to ask for in in the
first place because so much jargon and
and lingo is being thrown around in
particularly accurate acronyms that I
don't know about so what are what are
some good tips that you can give around
like structural kind of basic documents
if you're first
diving into a topic like you mentioned
standard operating procedures any any
other type of basic document that can
really help you get a quick introduction
to a topic of government on a particular
government agency or program sure yeah
this is a great question let me just say
Shawn you know for for viewers out there
Shawn does great great work with muck
Rock it's a great little site that
handles FOIA requests and and thanks for
all your hard work Shawn you know that's
a that's a good question I mean with
Guantanamo you know before I file any
requests first of all I try to dig in
deep to know what I'm asking for I don't
usually go in blindly and say
you know just give me whatever you have
on on you know such a topic so I try to
look into court documents right I look
into newspaper articles for example
lingo at Guantanamo you know they don't
use the they don't use the the phrase
force-feeding they use enteral feeding
so if I'm asking for anything you know
it has to be sort of using that phrase
and how you know you find out about it
is certainly you know you you get the
banter back and forth but you see in
newspaper articles how some of these you
know government officials actually
describe you know what you know whether
it's a standard operating procedure but
you you get to see what their talking
points are so that interrupts but that
that I assume is useful for for kind of
countering the national security or law
enforcement technique my argument it's
already in the public sphere correct
it's already in the public sphere and I
mean you know and this gets into sort of
a little bit outside of for you and what
helps in terms of FOIA tips so you know
your investigative reporter in addition
to FOIA you have sources you know
oftentimes I'll just tap my sources and
try to find that out you know try to
find out certainly on on a civil
liberties issue you know what what are
they talking about behind the scenes you
know what what what is being discussed
what keywords are they using if they're
referring to here's a great example
Occupy Wall Street when I filed the you
know the first request for Occupy Wall
Street documents the FBI came back and
said that they didn't have any documents
on Occupy Wall Street not the same I got
this young man sir on my my initial
drones drones her request that they had
no no drone documents whatsoever and so
that actually you know that actually led
me to trying to figure out one why did
they say they didn't they did not have
any Occupy Wall Street documents and
that's because they weren't using Occupy
Wall Street early on they were using you
know OWS or it was in another filing
system so it kind of meant that I had to
then cultivate some sources cultivate
some sources you know certainly within
you know FBI or law enforcement that
could kind of give me a little bit of a
tip so then I can go back and
for the right document so I mean a lot
of it comes down to a lot of you know
research a lot of you know heavy
intensive research some gumshoe
reporting to supplement you know what
you're doing but I really you know try
to tap into court documents you know
I'll sometimes you know ask for talking
points as a file I'll make a FOIA
request for talking points you know
hopefully get those sooner rather than
later
and within those talking points
yeah and within those talking points you
can then see you know some of those
keywords that they're using so it gets
to be really you know very meta a
metaphor you know about processing notes
you know processing notes as well as I
do and you know this is another good tip
you know for FOIA requesters is that
when you file a FOIA request you can you
know several weeks later ask for the
processing notes that this is the you
know the other meta part of FOIA where
you can actually file a request with an
agency cite your case number and ask
them for the processing notes which
basically provides a behind-the-scenes
look and how these analysts are handling
your request and you get to see what
they're you know what they're using
whether it's keywords drones a great
example when I filed a FOIA with Justice
Department on targeted killings and the
use of drones they weren't using drones
they were using you know UAV and they
weren't even using you know targeted
killings that you know they were talking
about targeted strikes so if I ask for
targeted killings you know they would
come back and say or they did come back
and say they didn't have any documents
so you know it's it's again this is just
really important detail for a requester
and know that it's it's you know you
have to invest in the research you have
to invest in learning as much about your
topic as possible and you know certainly
for people who are not reporters you
know reach out to you know perhaps a
journalist to you know ask about a
certain topic you know try to look on
their own websites I mean oftentimes I
find that you know I'm having
conversations with with some folks they
don't go on to the government's own
website
to actually do a search in there to see
how they're referring to it press
releases I mean it's really amazing
what's actually available in the public
record that's um that's a great question
Sean right alright yeah the other thing
on the website is Oya Oya Reading Room's
is that a lot of times it agents will
post a document once enough people have
asked for it so that more people don't
ask for it so you can save yourself some
time by just seeing is the policy of
they'll policy or procedure document or
whatever already posted like you said
yeah no that's that's another great
great tip and certainly important
information yeah you know all government
agencies first of all as you know as
well as I do they're supposed to update
their FOIA reading rooms and every
government agency at the bottom you know
or toward the side of their website you
know they'll have various links you know
it'll say contact the the privacy policy
and then it'll say FOIA and if you click
on FOIA it will take you to a reading
room in fact yesterday I was over at the
Defense Intelligence Agency's FOIA
reading room they just posted some new
documents there with regard to Russia
those are avenues that are rarely tapped
because people don't actually know it
exists I'm not sure why but in addition
to that again Oya online which is sort
of that portal where you can make
requests for certain government agencies
they actually make some of those
documents available that they've already
doled out to requesters so the EPA for
example you can actually look at all the
documents and requests that come through
and see what they've posted and and in
again you know journalists are not the
primary source of FOIA requests it's
corporations general public you know
journalists make up just a sliver of
FOIA requests that come in so you know
just to get back to your other question
FOIA logs sometimes when you look
through the FOIA logs you can actually
see what other people are requesting and
and again not just journalists but it
may be an insider asking for a certain
you know
on a program or using certain phrases
that you know provide that sort of
insight so great question Sean thanks
it's great to see you and thanks for
thanks for being here thanks a lot
all right so hey Jason I got another
face that might be familiar for you we
got a video message a Skype video
message from mr. beam ads and let you
take a listen to that
hello mr. Leopold
this is bhima's from the empty wheel
blog I know that in all your FOIA
activities you've gotten several Glomar
responses my question for you is have
you ever thought about frying old and
still classified or withheld details on
the actual Glomar Explorer because
wouldn't it be wonderful to have a
Glomar response on the actual Glomar
case that you could really put up on
your wall in a frame so I ask you would
you consider doing that sir so great to
see my buddy bhima's looking sharp in a
tie there thanks for the question beam
as and thanks for for taking the time to
send in your video message that's gonna
be my number one priority after we wrap
up here and and the you know just for
some background the Colome are all FOIA
requesters at one time or another
perhaps we'll get a Glomar response and
the Glomar is it's funny it's it's named
after the Glomar a submarine destroyer
that that that sank the CIA had some
involvement with it
a journalist back in the 70s were asking
questions about the role that the CIA
had in this and the government responded
at the time that they you know can
either confirm nor deny that there was
any that they had any records about you
know whether or not they were involved
so the that became known as a Glomar
when you get a response from the
government to a certain FOIA request in
which they say we can neither confirm
nor deny that the records you seek exist
and if they do exist they would be
properly withheld under a certain
for you exemption that's known as a
Glomar but I love that idea I love the
idea of asking for records about the
Glomar and perhaps we'll get a gloma on
that so that's my priority when when we
wrap up here all right man so hey one
more tweet for you this one's been in
the news a lot recently
Katie McLaughlin wants to know if a
government official uses their personal
email account for official business
would those records be subject to FOIA
requests that's a really great question
and it certainly hits on some issues
obviously that are you know taking place
right now Hillary Clinton Hillary
Clinton used a private email account
during her entire four years as she
served as Secretary of State now yes you
know the short answer is yes absolutely
the you know those emails would be
subject to FOIA so you'd file your
request
you know you'd you'd ask the you know
the government agency that you want you
know for example Hillary Hillary
Clinton's emails in fact we filed a
lawsuit here at vice news before this
whole Clinton thing blew up asking for
that you know asking not just for our
emails but memos documents letters just
to kind of get a look at what what her
job performance was while she was
Secretary of State and what's supposed
to happen is you know if you're using a
private email account to conduct
official government business you're
actually supposed to make those emails
or a copy of them available to the
government agency so they can archive
them and I mean it's part of the federal
Records Act part of the law and if you
make a request you know to the agency
for for the emails what they should do
they should you know go to the office
using Clinton's exam as an example
office of the Secretary of State and and
get someone to basically you know get
Clinton to search her emails for these
you know whatever the responsive emails
are and turn them over that obviously
did not happen here with with Hillary
Clinton and you know I've spoken to many
people many former government officials
who said that
you know she was in violation uh you
know last year I actually filed a FOIA
request for former Secretary of Defense
Chuck Hagel's emails got a response back
from the Department of Defense and they
said that he didn't even have an
official government email account which
I found odd after this Clinton thing
blew up some journalist started taking a
look at some of the agency's top agency
officials and and whether they were
adhering you know to this policy we then
got a response back from Secretary of
the Secretary of Defense's office saying
oh in fact he did use an official you
know government email account and he did
have you know some of his emails that he
used that were turned over so they're
going back and reopening that but I mean
it's a it's a really again you know this
is a really tedious process FOIA
sometimes does not work the way it
should you know the government can
withhold information under nine
different exemptions national security
privacy what they call this is the worst
part of FOIA this is this is something
that I would you know I hope that
Congress eventually changes this is the
exemption five b5 it's a the
deliberative process which is bit which
basically means you know they can they
can say that you know it's part of the
behind-the-scenes decision-making
process and so they're withholding it
for that that's something that Congress
is hopefully going to change with some
reform a reform bill that's that's
making its way through the the various
committees right now and what that means
is that you know certain documents would
you know would eventually be that were
withheld under this exemption would
eventually be subject to FOIA I think
it's a 25 years later but again you know
FOIA doesn't sometimes it's not work the
way it should recently I got a document
from the Department of Defense
completely redacted I meant to to cite
this one when
Kevin I think to ask the question but
this is literally what came back from
the Department of Defense and and up on
top
you know toward the left hand corner it
shows the the exemption that was in
place but again yes this is something
that hopefully the National Archives
will fix they'll get these government
agencies and these government officials
to collect emails that may be used from
a personal account clearly the State
Department has failed at that we've seen
other agencies fail as well thanks for
your question Kate hey man so we're
almost at the end of the show but I want
you to talk to a mr. al Sharif Nassif
who's calling us from Cincinnati Ohio so
let's say hey to Sharif hey Sharif how's
it going hey what's going on Jason good
- good to have you here hey glad I got
to hear some of your expertise so right
now I'm a grassroots advocate for an
environmental group but I'm kind of a
young budding journalist as well and I'm
wondering I have a couple of questions
but the first question is what sort of
what would be your what do you think
would be the best resource to sort of
guide someone to becoming equipped and
capable of filing a FOIA request like
where do you think one where's a good
place to start great question first of
all in various countries just so you
know freedom freedom I believe it's
freedom info org or freedom of info
Organic it that's a website that sort of
shows you what the all the other
countries aside from the US that have
open government policies freedom of
information laws that are out there so
so you can learn about what those laws
are in various countries you know one
thing that I did when I started to first
when I first started filing FOIA
requests is I actually started reading
other requests I started reading the
requests that other people would file I
started reading the FOIA logs you know
government agencies will often post in
their FOIA reading rooms the the logs
and those logs are basically all the
requests that come in and they log them
and you can see what people are asking
for
so if you and and each request will have
a case number so if you look at that
case number or take a bunch of case
numbers and and you know you can ask for
you know everything that that person you
know asked for you'll get an idea of
what of what a request looks like but
you know you're first the first place
you should go is actually the Department
of Justice office of information policy
to get some information on the FOIA law
here in the US the other place you
should go just for for great tips and an
introduction into FOIA is the FOIA
Ombudsman I believe it's it may be FOIA
doc of but I'm not entirely sure so just
type in FOIA Ombudsman into Google and
that gives you a great introduction into
you know what FOIA is how it works what
a sample request looks like reporters
committee for freedom of the press
another great resource and they actually
provide some templates to to assist you
and and that will they'll advise you on
the various laws on the federal level as
well as the state level and what's also
great is Sean one of our you know who
asked a question earlier Sean works for
muck Rock muck Rock is a portal and
online actually excuse me
mock rocks a news organization that
allows people to you know file requests
they sort of sort of you know make the
process a bit easier and they post all
all of the you know they post their
documents they also post all of the
requests that people are filing so
really again this is just a matter of
reading request that other people write
trying to find out as much about the
topic that that you're interested in try
to get as much info about that before
you eventually write that letter and
send in your request but those those
would be important tools and another
note is that
can file a request a FOIA request here
in the US you don't have to be a citizen
of the United States so it doesn't
matter if you live in Egypt if you if
you live in in in Korea doesn't matter
Japan wherever you can you can file a
request here and ask for any documents
it's great to know I got a couple of two
more questions if you have time for them
that's away yeah man
first question is I mean what are what
are some of the key flaws with the
current FOIA laws I mean how do you oh
and what are the sort of main hurdles
that that needs to be leaped over what
kind of changes in the law would you
like to see if someone who's been
involved and engaged with the FOIA
process for a long time yeah that's
that's a really important question and
and you know let me just say that you
know I I invest a lot of time in in the
Freedom of Information Act and and you
know just to it just to hit on this
quickly one of the reasons that I
aggressively use FOIA particularly to
cover the issues that I cover which is
national security you know civil
liberties counterterrorism is because
the first I don't want to use anonymous
sources and the people that you know
that have become my sources that know
about these issues they are afraid that
if they reveal any details to me they'll
be prosecuted that this administration
will will go after them so there's a
chill in in the community of certainly
intelligence officials and and you know
people that might be aware of what the
government is doing so I still need to
write about these issues so that's why I
turn to FOIA to try to pry loose some of
these documents that would help shed
light on it and then go back to you know
some of these sources and perhaps you
know once you you get those secrets out
there would be more inclined to speak
but as I hit on earlier the that this
exemption known as the withhold it
because you can exemption which is b5
and that is something that we've seen
the government use time and again
the exemption 5 it means that you know
that documents can be withheld if they
pertain to what's known as the
deliberative process the
behind-the-scenes decision-making
process where various individuals and
government agencies may communicate with
each other that may provide some candid
advice draft documents draft documents
are great because you get to see sort of
the process of what these agencies will
go through before they you know reach a
final talking point those are often
withheld under B 5 and we've seen a
massive increase in this exemption being
cited to withhold documents so and when
they do cite that it's withheld forever
now the new law or excuse me the
proposed new law that Congress is
working on with actually set a time
limit with those those documents would
be able to be released after or say 25
years and so I certainly hope that
happens because it would certainly be a
boon for historians and journalists to
look back say you know 25 years ago and
get some documents that may have been
withheld again you know national
security a cited time and again for for
withholding certain material the you
know government agencies will say you
know a grave harm or threat to national
security will take place if they were to
reveal information would be great if the
law was changed where these agencies had
to show the actual harm that would take
place if they were to reveal this
information but in addition to that
really what I'd like to see is the
Justice Department's Office of
Information policy there's sort of a
FOIA cop they're supposed to make sure
that all of the government agencies are
adhering to guidelines that attorney
General Eric Holder
wrote back in 2009 and to make sure
they're they're complying with it so you
know the the simplest thing they could
do is is is enforce it and they're not
doing that in the
that's why you know we're starting to
see a real increase in foil lawsuits and
you know here at vice news you know
we've got more than nearly actually two
dozen lawsuits on the federal level
against various agencies that's the long
answer Amen thank you
last thing that I I was wondering and I
kind of asked this on behalf of there's
a there's a nonprofit that I work for
based in Egypt young so it's called the
Egyptian American rule of law sociation
we're kind of a right so law group we
advocate for for transparency and
accountability but you know the idea
that everybody should be held
accountable before the law you know that
no one should be exempted and so one of
our one of our first big initiatives is
to try to try to prepare for a FOIA
legislation to go through the Egyptian
Parliament and unfortunate we don't have
a parliament right now there's been
certain Accords that struck down delete
the the there were supposed to be a
parliamentary election like a couple
weeks ago Court struck it down but I
guess the point is that you know what
you know what advice would you have you
know if you're gonna start the whole
Postum from beginning I mean what are
some of the key what are some of the key
aspects of a FOIA law that would have to
be required that's a really great
question and as I mentioned the again
freedom info org will give you insight
into various other countries and how
these laws were enacted this is really a
you know a something that will take
place on in terms of lobbying I mean
this is where you know you certainly
have to lobby the government perhaps
even the State Department this you know
the State Department here in the US they
try to enforce or try to get other
governments to enact press freedoms to
press freedom laws what I would advise
you to do though is actually take a look
at Yemen a few years ago Yemen which is
in quite a bit of turmoil now as we all
know they enacted a a robust Freedom of
Information Law this is incredible
totally floated under the radar and
the lobbying that took place there were
many groups that that work together
along with some diplomatic channels and
I believe some nonprofit groups to get
the previous government in yet in Yemen
to enact this Freedom of Information Law
and and it worked and they did it in
fact I think it was about seven or eight
months ago I filed a request in Yemen I
highly doubt that I'll get anything at
this point considering what's taking
place there but you know just trying to
get some insight into into drone strikes
just wanted to see what would you know
what would come back it's you know
Ministry of Information was a you know
handles all that but if you take a look
at what Yemen did and look at that model
particularly you know at that time they
don't have the greatest press freedom
you know laws in place but they did pass
you know a Freedom of Information Law
and try to duplicate that or at least
you know take a look at as to how they
came about in enacting that law I think
that would be hugely beneficial to you
and citizens of of Egypt yeah definitely
I definitely take a take a look at some
of the comparative examples thanks for
your question I really I really
appreciate it
hey thanks for sharing fun good to see
ya this is great
yeah so I know you've got a bunch of
stuff coming out what should people be
watching for look for a couple of
Guantanamo stories I've been working on
something for about two years now
again aggressively using the Freedom of
Information Act to try to shed light on
on the operations behind the scenes at
Guantanamo and finally just got the last
batch of documents a few weeks ago and
you know this is a story that will
provide the unprecedented look at at
what took place what takes place behind
the scenes like Guantanamo I've never
seen anything like this in the 13 years
like one phantom has been open have some
some other stories on on the Bo Bergdahl
Taliban five swap coming up some CIA
related stories again
you know heavily reliant on FOIA there
and more down the road
hurry ma'am won't you say goodbye to
everybody at home thanks to everyone for
chiming in and you could catch me on
Twitter if you if you have any questions
related to FOIA when we visited
Guantanamo Bay we had hoped to get a
feel for what life is like for its
detainees but are very restricted tor
raised more questions than answers are
you able to tell us whether they're in
here for no I can't
