this is a mass grave on the edge of
Kabul where victims of one of the
deadliest suicide attacks to hit the
capital in years were buried by their
families they're all under the age of 19
at least 34 students were killed and
more than 57 were wounded in the August
bombing attacks on so-called soft
targets like these have become
increasingly common across Afghanistan
as the government struggles to contain
the Taliban and the emerging threat from
Isis what about this idea that things
are improving
oh yeah yo media honey Hassan al-bakr
bloggers Austin kinder Paula Hammond yet
be a good omen omen on cam yet more time
in Nicosia Rania I'm Mia - Jude NARAS
Annamayya - Jude nada Marcus tube
astronomy Bahrain shammed varnas
thinking about getting millones Conover
garden this year is on track to become
one of the deadliest for Afghan
civilians since fighting began 17 years
ago
according to a report released today by
the UN good I'm not yes you see lava the
seed of them your focus is often but I
element of them Mohammed's son Hamid was
killed instantly in the blast
his younger brother 17 year old Wahid
was badly injured missions within the
flesh is barren of him operating with
him that brother this is the first time
Wahid has been back inside the school my
brother was here and I was sit under the
ink over here yes they were studying for
their college entrance exam when a
teenager strapped with explosives
entered their classroom and blew himself
up
this is another class this is another
classroom yes
so this was a wall before yeah this was
all that may destroy it all
yes so what was it like when the bomb
went off when the bomb explode
my back is by first I mean a push system
project officially that they all hold
the pass of cotton there is immediately
me um economics Adobe sure but without
the mouch I'm so fond de amigo Steve I'm
sorry Shechem acceptable it's not got
the whole job to do Emira he asked him
captain LW who not given the India as
host between Saturday didn't have the
head doesn't have the head and the
reduce casual Buddhist skirmish muck
with him as lousy it's aradhna tanuki -
visiting Cuba very much Miami 3 pero ha
none of them can be really must kill me
- a but also the home for another
the belongings of the dead students were
collected and placed here in an adjacent
classroom while he did his aren't are
looking for anything that belonged to
her Mead
it's the remnants of a class that will
never graduate from a generation that's
known nothing but war with his brother's
death why he'd now has to do his
studying at home his parents have
decided it's too dangerous for him to
return to school did you get 11-under
yet
Jonah doesn't train did you get one
should ever done
- Hamson fiesh mother I shall remap the
stomach it was laundry Elena still
battling with him monogamy find her
middle son for sure sure
there's a tunnel before him bag Joey be
resting what would you say to Americans
about the situation for families living
here families like yours come near this
you could lose the entire machine the
Cujo was yet ability but touch the
mirror
butas the whitaker rose the rose
information console masajid Makati want
to know Jimmy said that adidas all you
guys I'm phenomena bitch I'm here to
join another if it was yet her doctor Xu
de chile dared over Asda let me junk
chair up to the urban virtually
Dartmouth on along virtue mo maktab
Miren DG omniauth mother and the mega
Lisette butter sugar of the soul by soul
Cruz burrows mom Oh pish-tosh the fund
is easier shuddha enormous soul Aslan a
systemic Rome paramedic assault are
continously accrue you are stuff
you
