Romanova zona coca Lera implanted a new
Peru Nesta region dubash Amazonas who
segadores desiccated quino's cream
ceiling fan at Easton plant and Oh Coco
auntie's no eres es delivery
Maria in Nadia no be habitants this is a
polka plantation here the lower amazon
basin an area where 10 years ago this
crop and this cultivation was completely
unknown
welcome to we keep the spittle right on
the Amazon River deep in the Peruvian
rainforest we're in an area that is
close to the region where Colombia and
Brazil meet Peru this is an incredibly
isolated place where you can only get to
by plane or by boat right now we're on
our way to appear on the river that's
gonna get us on a boat that's gonna take
us for 14 hours up this river in order
to locate and meet a community known as
the FL Cruces they call themselves the
Israelites since 2013 Peru has become
the world's leading producer of coca
leaf and cocaine replacing Colombia most
of that coca is grown in the cool
high-altitude region of Peru known as
the bride the type of climate where coca
traditionally thrives but in the
following years as coca and tradition
efforts applied more pressure on coca
growers Peru's Amazon basin suddenly
became a choice spot thanks to an
apparently new variety of coca leaf that
is adapting to the amazon's fragile
ecosystems it's not a place where crops
were ever meant to be grown but in 1995
a religious group known as the outlaw
 or the Israelites decided that
this tropical rainforest would be its
promised land they came to settle and to
introduce farming to the Amazon soil
their prophet Ezekiel Arthur KUSI's told
them they would be Peru's living
frontiers and the Forgotten regions of
the country that formed the so-called
triple border with Colombia and Brazil
since then the alto Kushi have lost
their leader and according to anti-drug
authorities in Brazil some members of
the Israelites church in the Amazon
rainforest have been directly involved
in the region's booming cocaine industry
so we decided to come here to try to
figure out how much of these allegations
are true and to see if we could get to
know this reclusive an apocalyptic
Church
this journey felt a bit like stepping
into a scene from the Verner Herzog film
it's corralled Oh in fact this is where
it was filmed the trip was slow and long
we were told it could take up to two
days to get to our destination at dawn
with almost another halfway to go we met
our first member of the Otto see Church
it was pretty easy to spot her there's a
community that has separated itself from
Peruvian society they dress in biblical
clothes biblical costumes and really
they are isolated as they attempt to
sort of establish their presence
permanently in the Amazon as they
conquer the Amazon rainforest the river
boat left us on the dirt pier about
delante the self-confessed Israelites
are peaceful people but they're not
exactly welcoming to outsiders we had
heard that every Friday they hold a
ceremony on the banks of the river if we
play too right maybe we could film it
but we had to ask for permission and
keep a low profile upon arrival this
organization has a name that's as long
as it is incomprehensible the
evangelical Association of the Israelite
mission of the new Universal covenant
their spiritual capital is here in North
Lamont a funder 20 years ago by people
answering the call of their prophet
Ezekiel to populate the borders of the
Amazon harima school according Allegro
when I never recover from this erosion
of aquario they migrated from all across
Peru many fleeing economic hardships or
the internal war with the Maoist
guerrillas Shining Path
Devane and follow sake as the
Montenegrin but yes it elements of
entrepreneurship in the muchas cosas
expectations were high today 7000 people
live in this remote community with no
running water paved streets or cell
phone coverage they use solar generators
for the little amount of electricity
there is to go around it doesn't quite
look like the promised land that Ezekiel
otaku C told them it would be para poder
entender la congregation Iraheta
envelope octo universal uno de estudiar
en famille you are indeed a yellow fundo
say Gil otaku see a bonus representa la
naturaleza so Xian la composition social
de los segadores proceed era the ambit
of rose and the low bias in Tarantino's
llama pobres de los pobres el toma
contacto con la Sagrada creaturas
gracias estuve in Colossians con los
Advent ista pero con cierra que los al
dentista no estan haciendo el trabajo
adecuado para poder salvar el mundo de
una Capone vez que Vegas yo save estaba
Parisienne doto era noche y lo entrainé
avec la lectura
de la sagrada sec we surah al cuenta en
undetermined oddo momento es ascend ido
alter sir si ellos en el tercer cielo en
cuenta con la Santissima Trinidad con el
padre y dijo y el espíritu santo le
dicen que escriba lo demon man en el
Laura Eve congregant o mess adept o
Mehsud esto para desarrollar
esta misión y hace el movimiento de la
here Aelita del no Pato you need a
trance
quano co todo see after started to
figure out the importance of politics as
a means to achieve the goals of their
church so they created a political party
known by its acronym fur pop Ezekiel ran
for president on the fur pop ticket in
1990 nabbing 200,000 votes and succeeded
in placing members of his party in
Congress
Ezequiel ran again in 1995 and was
preparing to run in 2000 when he
suddenly died the leader was supposed to
have reincarnated the third day after
his death but two church members
surprised that didn't happen so the
group decided that the spirit of Ezekiel
must have had trans migrated to the body
of his son Hannes a largely absent
figure Hannes doesn't even communicate
without Lumumba despite their absent
leader the for Papa movement remains
alive today with a base of voters still
active in the jungle communities we're
heading now closer to the river to the
centre the spiritual center of the town
I should say the church and we're going
to meet the elder council
Delaney Novecento no ent Cinco 7eo me
Rondo todo ese ronita Dorinda Quatro
departamentos Sasori tsk ammonia is
producing acetic Rondo un estado
solido que sera for mando solo after a
brief time talking to the elder council
our sit-down interview was cut short the
elders rushed outside for Alto Montes
Friday evening prayers
clearly this was an important ritual for
the out dog Lucy their weekly offering
to God
these men literally stopped in their
tracks when the music and singing at the
church began it's at 6:00 p.m. now and
the brothers are headed to the alabanza
to prayers
and then a ritual began in Altamont a
that few Outsiders have seen before the
Israelites offer an animal sacrifice to
God or as they call it a Holocaust just
as Ezekiel had taught them to do the
women are on one side to the men on
another and this is the sacrifice that
is being offered on this Friday by the
Israelites which is about as close and I
think I'll ever get to living in
biblical times
gradually we began to learn more about
the Israelites and their beliefs they
preached the apocalypse awaiting a new
cosmic cycle where the Amazon will
become a paradise overflowing with milk
and honey they believe they have a
divine right to settle and work the land
they also believe their beards are
antennae that reach God's frequency
after arriving here the brothers began
expanding their settlements while also
taking charge of local agricultural
commerce today the auto Kushi are the
chief suppliers of consumer produce for
the peruvian amazon then something in
peru shifted it's not exactly clear how
but coca one of the most profitable
crops on earth began arriving in the
amazon basin
possibly from growers from the colombian
side venturing into new territory as the
Montes it's exactly here and small
farmers belonging to the church live in
remote corners of the rain forest
surrounding it and that is why
authorities particularly from
neighboring Brazil say some of the
group's members have become involved in
the drug trade here on this visit you
didn't see coca in the vicinity about
the Monday so we headed to the Brazilian
side of the triple border to learn more
we just crossed into Inga Brazil this is
the community directly on the Brazilian
side
triple border region no one stopped us
no one asked for our passports no one
searched our vehicle so you can kind of
get a sense of how porous this border
really is and the challenges that the
anti-drug efforts of these three
governments are facing as they face
increasing coca production in this
frontier region today the triple border
has become a no-man's land where few
policemen enter between Tabatinga Brazil
laticia Colombia and a small village
called Santa Rosa in Peru barely any
authorities are present for starters the
Peruvian Amazon province of Mariscal
Ramon Castilla sit next to Brazil the
world's second biggest consumer of
cocaine after the United States
according to UN estimates in the last
five years coca plantations in the
province have grown by 400% we met Mauro
spo0a senior investigator with the
Brazilian Federal Police he's kept an
eye on the autocracy in the region and
he helped us map out the situation on a
large scale nós temos a compromise on
decay segadores de sassette quino's
crema sarin fanáticos Easton plant and
Oaxaca antennas watch as at the school
to voz de caca in Tara's days de fotos
des prés transportin cocaine non todos
cute even algún sport even
uma nova zona coca Lera foe implanted a
no pero hasta region Bahamas honest no
systems vodka military defaulted Akaka
Sega a producer printer kills de pasta
pasta cocaine escucha Vespasian ultra
pass our Fronteras
NOS quedamos a distress and laboratories
reproducing drug asthma Kalaheo NOS
policia federal assad for decimos
Intelligencia a policía Nacional de
Peru para que a policía Nacional de
Peru promo VII destroys own de
laboratorios mikela region
every year the Brazilian Federal Police
and Duran drove the Peruvian anti-drug
agency run a joint operation called
Operation trap SEO durand-ruel allowed a
vice news cameraman to ride along with
them on an interdiction operation right
in the region where the otaku see
presence is strongest
we spoke to mingle and help Eric who is
chief of operations in the division that
combats drugs in the Amazon las fallas
traditionally cocaleros unsolder de
Montaigne seha Silva pero aquí la Selva
Baja con Clemmie muy differenti a hour
ago drama flattens unit with a yo ha de
colca the cool qz de coca on the sang
adapt our cetera no black ever a Fiat
propia de la selva is stung unclear in a
practical autotrophs hemos sido Moses to
read o la oratorio clandestinos in a
decent IDO he posterior meant a cuando
regresamos he is I knew I was nuevos
history laboratory ok playing nice ok no
no Tam being emotional different a
bientot director of connected personas
que bootcamp work a protocol mercy oh no
en esta parte de la selva utilizing
unmet O'Kelly Amin on a nominal metro el
sol ven table metodo colombiano in
Kincaid Iowa de treadmill elite Rose yah
even process ando con la Ossa de coca
aha de coca see you Theresa logic on
Kadare de no la hoja coca circa a trade
un proceso que lo Megacon Kimiko's book
on la reacción de paralyzed traction
Darrell Kelowna Manorama rapido momentos
estamos llegando una la cosa que si
puedo Vivitar desde lo alto it's on a
regular Tom on you
CDC Linda loose what about aboard this
plane that's getting prepped here behind
me we're at a Peruvian Air Force Base
we're heading now to Kauai approach' on
the Amazon River in the triple border
region between Peru Colombia and Brazil
this area right now is the hotbed of
trafficking and coca leaf production but
for the most part the actors involved
are unknown so we're gonna head there
try and get a better sense of who is
involved caballo kocha is a mixed
community but with a strong presence of
otaku sea as well as Colombian nationals
from our prop engine plane we could see
the spectacular strength of the Amazon
River and the patches of flatten
clearings where people have grown crops
plantations like the ones we hope to
find here have been discovered in jungle
areas as far north as the south eastern
rainforest in Mexico the implications
are huge that the triple border region
can grow coca other tropical or
subtropical regions in the world could
potentially follow suit in this region
alone coca production is estimated to
have grown 73 percent between 2012 and
2013 which is quite alarming
Moreno Chavez is a former mayor of
caballo kocha he is an otaku Z believer
and has spoken to the press about the
issues facing the residents of the
Amazon we talked to him to better
understand the situation but him to
Sabich de vacas mallow para la Vida is
my Achilles konya wa asila sus casas en
frente I intend to piranhas por el tema
puede notar pegado por el estado para la
vie car yellow token superb recipe Nick
a continuing process viene la condición
developed a mentos mr. spiciest enorme
producing embargo no tenemos presencia
de empresas my precision impressing is
the rep SRK you not can t that it causes
casera a captain a military Muji
cemetery is more in agriculture right
for embezzlement a webinar after days in
caballo kurta meeting locals and
community leaders we finally managed to
convince a local to show us a cocoa
plantation we promised to not reveal who
owned the coca or where exactly the
plantation was located so this is what
it's all about
now if Peru has become the top coca
producing and cocaine producing country
in the world there is more and more
plantations such as this in an area that
hadn't seen them this is believed to be
a new strain a strain of the coca leaf
that has adapted to this hot hostile
tropical zone for better or worse the
otaku CR established in this area where
coca production is on the rise alarming
authorities and while the Israelites
introduced agriculture to a region that
didn't have it intent on becoming the
living frontiers of Peru they initiated
a crisis of deforestation that continues
to this day
whatever happens in the Amazon of course
has grave repercussions elsewhere in the
world
well these are crops that simply did not
grow in the Amazon before the Israelites
Israeli press community came here and as
you can see this family has a little bit
of everything
da-jung Jose Alvarez works in Peru's
environmental ministry and lived in the
Amazon region for 30 years he
understands the enormous effects that
deforestation in the Amazon rainforest
could have on an international scale
Amazonian thought ambassador Bosque
destroyers la Fuente de la Vida
like a Marciano's nutrient is no el
impacto mental es muy grande por
kayo-san traina cultura rope aquaria una
zona que no tiene MOOC a co no a group a
query elbows case l recurso astrati
chico no sólo para las mismo
mantenimiento de el ecosystem omaha
mikoshi no para regulation del clima
culo below isis Sabadell a tremendously
tiene el ecosystem o Masonic o en el
clima del atlántico mode ellos que de
mo s Trank ACCE Theriot Rossi gravamen
tail Amazonia podrían dice mineral
cinema gotta Mantella las dubious any
loss identity Estados Unidos entonces es
una a tremendous terraria committee mono
la tierra ya un poco perdido su fuerza
para dar el en el momento de entonces
say save ampliado mess adentro
encontrado nuevas Tierra's the peruvian
amazon is changing and the outdoor Kushi
or changing - we return to our Thurmont
there in time for the weekly sacrifice
on Saturday everyone dresses up in the
gowns that are customary for this holy
day the out dog who sees Holocaust in
order to film inside the church with
ease elders in the community suggested I
dress in the up dog Kushi robes as well
Wow
Elias our divinity I meant assume soon
dear consul Rodde Oh Priscilla nos a
trauma it is money for me it's a Simoni
forma que que una se ponen para ready
Romina he dose in a sterile Republicans
el asunto starina Loulou Javier knows I
am my eunuch heresy to Corrine demon
Angela Bandera a la patria nosotros from
history steeped a mere - Liliana
National Ramirez on or reduce the otaku
see are convinced that they are God's
new chosen people in fact they trace
their divine lineage to the ancient
Incas so true Suribachi picture system
maneuvers around pretty much a big joke
food mostly universal ah Turkey sioffra
sioffra no Lucas to this sinking of
Wareham hombres c'mon
aqui esta la estación de la creme
brulée cerritos el sacrificio no como
se hacen esto villa Ko paris le o friend
ah la Concha Grados
it remains unclear whether the otaku C
cult is falling victim to the rise of
coca in this area or profiting from the
jungles latest cash crop cocaine the
truth may lie somewhere in the middle
after some negotiations the minister of
defense of Altamont they agreed to speak
with us he seemed at ease talking about
this issue but he also didn't seem to
share a whole lot not be honest this was
a new difficulty when the coca the
village of racing like another paradeen
through I Angelica products are given
for aluminum para a Praia report Cora
pero no fog effect under the tan effect
under muchísimo
hora c del del narco traffic us
tomatillos bueno zero Eskimos pero case'
sees no Sun hermanos solimene deadening
la CIMA honza pero no no tienen no Sun
the heat eminent economist open Sun
solar wind la pantalla
in zip weapons are they
call it a function of globalization or
the tenacious will of the international
drug market but as far as we could
determine the author Kushi live prey and
wait for the apocalypse right smack in
the middle of the fastest-growing cocoa
region inside the largest cocaine
producing country we have this hostile
Amazon rainforest of this neglected
region of the world where three
countries meet with virtually porous
borders we have a uniquely Peruvian
religious sect that is syncretic
apocalyptic evangelical fundamentalist
and significantly expansionist their
deforesting the amazon rainforest as
they increase their settlements and
their presence in the triple border
region we've seen how Koch has become a
powerful force in the neglected Peruvian
Amazon but the issue of coca production
remains poorly understood and barely
documented after visiting these
communities it's clear that until the
government offers an integrated solution
for the people of the peruvian amazon
coca eradication will never be enough to
end the profits that drug trafficking
brings to the triple border the promised
land of ezekiel toku sees living
frontiers
