Jessica paster pastor dr. Tracy a to
grant equal to s Nika Qureshi an omni
Palma high
with Leisha restore America Civil Rights
that Ukrainian local drug so durable
show Kaymer of drip of an umbrella able
to share carcinogenesis hs2 presenter
laureen's ki-moon is really robust key
gets elected not especially
sticky meal when he's literally built
about Barolo plan this is debaltsevo
which was the scene of some of the
heaviest fighting over the last two
months in which the Ukrainians actually
suffered a really humiliating defeat
which was compounded by the fact that
they lost a lot of equipment like these
two tanks during their disorganized
retreat some of Ukraine's Western allies
most notably the US are considering
helping it replace the equipment it's
lost but there's no consensus on whether
giving it lethal weapons will actually
help fend off Russia or just escalate
the conflict what I've asked my team to
do is to look at all options lethal
defensive weapons is one of those
options that's being examined it's not
based on the idea that Ukraine could
defeat a Russian army that was
determined it is rather to see whether
or not they're additional things we can
do to help Ukraine bolster its defenses
in the face of separatist aggression the
United States has actually already lost
equipment that it gave to the Ukrainians
here in the D bolts of a pocket a pretty
sophisticated radar device that tracks
where mortar fire is coming from fell
into the hands of the pro-russian forces
and a Russian television station
broadcast rebels bragging about having
captured it Nikko sus4 Borsig is Nicky
Barbarossa wall and watch another
anybody thinking of arming the
Ukrainians needs to consider that the
disaster in debaltsevo
happened once before and the Ukrainians
didn't seem to draw any lessons from it
in a low voice over the summer they were
surrounded in another pocket and now
they've been surrounded here in the
bolts of a lost a lot of men and a lot
of equipment
so we're coming into a repair facility
in the self-declared Donets People's
Republic what they fix here is tanks and
other armored vehicles that they say
they captured from the Ukrainian
military this place is huge Jessica
paster fascistic stop - 3 P a2 grants
equal to his knee Qureshi an omni Palma
high what's her external donkey better
Sabri short Kate I teach in a cheetah
naturally Wescoe he pulls a gym a tiny
practice my new dog nut mushroom
occurred with the Sun News pregnant was
the best very nice she's a very short
appear in the future
Felicia restore America cigarettes
that's crying local drug so - a bullsh
Kaymer of drip off my new British able
to share cousin of the assistant mrs. HS
- presenter lehenga recognition easily I
would be weighed short at that Lisa Tina
cheetah Frankie hue so it'll say
Technica bring allah is the bell tower
and you will be Holly Esther value
Brucella Rasta pasta moja babu-brother
la la pregnat vucic pradilla Toshio
Perrotti a Marchionne apoyo a ho
swoosh applause sharon a-hoppin Amir
citta patatas just recently she bestowed
burrows right Sucre no le nice to eat
guru ji sook ready no stove we do mo SI
no lo puedo llevar Eugenia Sorano
papadelis aruki Inga Brianna protip
Christina solution we're told that these
APCs here and all the other equipment in
this factory was all captured from the
Ukrainian military that's the official
line of the pro-russia separatists
republics that the Russian government
hasn't supplied them with any equipment
and isn't in any way involved but one of
the arguments that Western leaders who
don't want to give weapons to Ukraine
are making is that any supplies sent to
the Ukrainian army will be matched by
Russia and escalate the conflict on the
other side of the argument are those who
are saying if the Ukrainians are our
allies then we have to help them with
what we can
so far the United States hasn't been
willing to give Ukraine any lethal
weapons anything that kills but what
they have been doing is giving the
Ukrainians money two armed vehicles like
this one to put armored plating on them
and they've give them other equipment
like anti mortar radars bulletproof vest
communications equipment night-vision
goggles that sort of thing but the
Ukrainians want things that actually
blow up Ukraine is the ninth biggest
weapons exporter on the planet in 2013
it sold more weapons around the world
than Israel and made nearly two billion
dollars doing so so I wanted to find out
what a country with such a developed
arms industry actually needed from the
rest of the world can you give me a list
of the things that you would ask for
first if the United States countries of
the European Union decided that they
would want to give lethal weapons to
Ukraine
we need radio system we need new
generation of radio system because
always we should think about that the
enemy is listening us we also need
anti-tank systems would be useful to
have drones which would be able to use
not only a reconnaissance system but
also and combat system so perhaps it's
only a short list of what we need to
there many people who criticize the idea
of providing arms to Ukraine say any
weapons that could be provided to
Ukraine could be matched by Russia and
this would just lead to an escalation
that makes the conflict get even bigger
than it already is and solves no
problems when you try to provide weapons
you know very how to set it openly you
know very in a lot of quantity or
something like this one it may be less
efficient then if you provide new
technology and try to let's say rebuild
system of weapons production here in
Ukraine when you ask me about was a
better you know to provide fish or
provide you know stuff for catching fish
I would say definite is that we need
stuff for catching fish
so we're here at a European Union event
in Kiev the interior minister who
commands the National Guard and all the
country's police is here we want to ask
him if he thinks the rest of the world
should help Ukraine armed itself and why
we gently material to move resides in
Hebrews I took Ryan kakushita East
cpricci my guru Sri to pray no zap
animal Nero suggests Putin scag ratio
zelli's mirror you talk Reina the
capital capital or his near doesn't
reach it muskie that national okay
Toshi own ask me the stair what no
premier move believe Daniel schemes
caninus at Tom opal chance a garage too
many ranch Madonna Qataris Nahum Arab
merchants others to America does to
crayons Tomatoes a barren sea beer is
this TC Tuesday evening a tub or rocket
rig is near is the loose key chapter my
Teresa's anxiety nor a dark suit
American ski Papa rookie separate system
stone no stone is a miracle Pasado's -
drew gear rusy ekaterina repo cheese
tots amil kanika sweet opposite a boost
Oh Papa sticky over Tanzania Ruska
greasy pie - what was - tapas arsenic
iniquity TC woody pamungkas after
apricot Guam
a few weeks go to fight and promise the
Ukrainian president that the United
States would be giving Ukraine some
American military equipment and this is
the first shipment a few armored Humvee
vehicles same vehicles that the United
States military is discontinuing for
itself
it's handing out to its allies across
the world it's the first time that such
an iconic piece of equipment from the
United States is going to be rolling
around in eastern Ukraine
nothing says America's here like a
Humvee
that's the ukrainian President
poroshenko over there inspecting the new
vehicles and there's some
representatives from the United States
military and from the US Embassy in Kiev
who are here as well Yakuza vehicle
clean air car poking all over commanders
living in a road O'Grady could you put
yeah close it old shoot'em Stockham
America suppose the load multiple to
potential the somne memory idea complete
another person servicemen yeah
Russia aggressive Yakka an XML cream he
got a guerrilla pre-movie scholar ratio
okay I Yannick against little hot skills
Russian associate services the focused
repression the more he forged into the
Pawar
he puts bullish at American a desire for
grainy
resume gypsum acronym here blue Zabuza
if driving people illegal cacha√ßa is
lava Ruth no more Americans como
relatives islami these Humvees are
considered non-lethal aid they're about
as close to lethal you can get before
they actually are lethal
mr. jars the fair could you ask answer a
question for the US media this is a u.s.
event I just wanted to find out whether
you had any concerns that some of these
vehicles could end up in the hands of
the pro-russia forces the ukrainian
militaries very disorganized and they've
shown that they're willing to leave lots
of equipment behind in the past I guess
I don't really share that assessment I
mean I think this is symbolic of our
support for Ukraine and its right to
defense and its right to the territorial
integrity is right to sovereignty it's
right to defend its own borders and
that's the spirit in which the United
States has today given me some things
have they given you assurances that
they're going to try to take better care
of this equipment than they have their
own equipment in the past I just I'm not
going to comment on that that's that's
that's not a assessment on khaki garance
if don't Storch it is para Nigel when
you read him cut pro rice is key seal
the cut outs a nice infra hai mera yes
here domestically googe's William push
the Hui negatory for Chile yeah it's not
preeminent emotional timkuli you know
staccato bravado Agnes Gooch apricot Yas
representing wash American ski
etymology in social nepali at americans
Castorama erosion occurred or any
fidelity on a property sitting on
additional motion no camera focus our
Asuka
Aguila voyeur Aki version of a chimera
such as causality of ricotta paw stance
of be a minister she searched took to
his the American over near bottom stupa
a pager euro birudo when your Papa died
depriving American food energy is a
stove Donald who she a mocha for amino
prior even ago sir they see machine a
new Jupiter of NACA Torah we are
Buettner catalysis vocation is via super
Casa manana the most Americans are Mia
Nicki's Bob Lanza is a divorce to any
patent ism with dream way at the bomb
catalana de roca Giovanni lasso standing
armies Paul dude no way machine a
situation perhaps instead of arming
Ukraine with outdated equipment and
opening itself up to criticism of
feeding an arms race in Europe the US
and its allies could focus on helping
Ukraine modernize its own arms industry
so that it could rely on itself for its
own defense
