mobile warming is number one issue for
for Gen Y but another issue is
dysfunction yeah you know it seems that
from the outside from the inside to
Washington if you look at global warming
for example yeah and you're right the
younger generation there is no debate
yet they see this fighting this gridlock
in in Washington or for other things
just for example now sort of chicken
that's being played with the problem
Homeland Security for example
Republicans are playing politics with
the critical funding for the Department
of Homeland Security and threatening a
shutdown the president's executive
amnesty is lawless and unconstitutional
these are things that our taxes pay for
right yet it seems to be a game that's
being played and young people are
dissatisfied and angry but they don't
know what to do what would you what
would you tell them well let me say a
couple things a lot of times from the
outside and sometimes mainstream media
reports this as a food fight and it's a
problem of both parties just being
partisan well that's just not accurate
on climate change
ninety percent of Democrats agree with
me and ninety percent of republicans
oppose any action on it and a sizable
portion of their party deny it even
exists there have been times in history
where Democrats have been unreasonable
there have been times where Republicans
have led the way but right now on a lot
of the issues that young people care
about it's not both sides arguing and
creating gridlock you've got one side
that is denying the facts and who are
often motivated principally by opposing
whatever it is that I proposed now that
that's not inevitable to our democracy
that's something that's a phase that
that the Republican Party's going
through right now and it'll outgrow that
face
