how did they become so popular out of
nowhere and then be how do we stop them
two things one is ISIL is a direct
outgrowth of al-qaeda in Iraq
mmm that grew out of our invasion which
is an example of unintended consequences
which is why we should generally aim
before we shoot we've got a 60 country
coalition we will slowly push back ISIL
out of Iraq I'm confident that will
happen but what I'm worried about and
what we have to stay worried about is
even if ISIL is defeated the underlying
problem of disaffected Sunnis around the
world but particularly in some of these
areas including Libya including Yemen
where a young man who's growing up has
no education has no prospects for the
future he's looking around and the one
way that he can get validation power
respect is if he's a fighter and this
looks like the toughest gang around
so let me affiliate with them and now
you're giving me a religious rationale
for doing this that's a problem we're
going to have generally and we can't
keep on thinking about counterterrorism
and security as entirely separate from
diplomacy development education all
these things that are considered soft
but in fact are vital to our national
security and we do not fund those if you
ask the average person how much do we
spend on foreign aid they'll say 25
percent of the federal budget hmm well
it's a little over 1% mm-hmm
we should be thinking about making
investments there that ultimately save
us from having to send our young men and
women to fight or having folks come here
and and doing great harm
