it's Tuesday March 24th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
archaeologists may have discovered the
ruins of a Nazi hide out in the middle
of a jungle and northern Argentina
researchers from the University of
Buenos Aires have begun an extensive
investigation into a site near the
border with Paraguay they found German
coins minted during World War two part
of a german-made porcelain plate Nazi
symbols and inscriptions carved into the
walls the team decided to study the area
because of an urban legend that a close
aide of Adolf Hitler had lived there
it's believed the Nazis built secret
shelters in remote and secluded areas
for high-ranking officers who fled
Germany some schools in malawi's South
still haven't reopened following heavy
rains and flooding in January the storms
left nearly 200 people dead and another
300 thousand homeless roads and bridges
were destroyed cutting communities off
from access to food and clean water many
government-run schools were swept away
the ones that survived the floods
remained severely damaged and
uninhabitable the governor of Japan
southern island of okinawa is blocking
the construction of a new US Marine base
Builders recently damaged local coral
while conducting surveys governor
Takeshi anagha said he would have the
drilling permits revoked if the Defense
Ministry didn't immediately suspend work
the base is meant to replace Futenma Air
Base where three US troops abducted and
raped a twelve-year-old in 1995 the
construction delay could cause another
diplomatic headache Prime Minister
Shinzo Abe a supports the project which
the US says it's pursuing to boost its
presence in the asia-pacific region
Siberia's Lake Baikal is the world's
largest freshwater lake it provides
critical water and power supplies to
surrounding communities and it's
shrinking experts say climate change and
increased use of hydropower has caused
the lake's water to drop to its lowest
level in 30 years the situation is
expected to worsen until late April when
the mountain snow melts and it starts to
rain some officials warn the changes
also altering the vegetation and they
say they can't predict what the
consequences will be check out the vice
news youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world we never recover all the oil
somebody who tells you that's telling
you stories 300-something barrels out of
the pipeline in this immediate area less
than a couple barrels actually out of
the water so pretty much what is in the
water is there and going and we aren't
going to recover it
