hi I'm Michael Moynihan a sometimes
correspondent for vice news and this
week we launched a new documentary
called propaganda over Pyongyang okay my
question is what would be the risk of
these balloons being found by North
Korean citizens what would be the wrist
of their lives if they were caught with
any of these things the penalty is very
because there is no court system in any
sort of sense that we would understand
it that there is a codified penalty for
this so execution yes imprisonment but
always punishment at parkers press
conference that the
counter-demonstrators actually have like
reasons in the platform or do you think
that they were influenced by North Korea
there's no way for us to know a lot of
people told us that these guys are North
Korean Stooges so we couldn't get a good
sense of what they were there for so you
know we went and talked to them
obviously the answers didn't strike any
of us as being straightforward and
honest my question is do you personally
think that this is an effective form of
protest and that it actually helps North
Koreans to understand the Western Way of
life so another defector we met and we
didn't use this um he said to us I asked
him I said what do you guys sending in
and these did this USB drives film soap
operas the rest of it he said no I have
been filming inside a south korean
supermarket just walking through the
camera filming South Korean supermarkets
putting that as an avi file or whatever
it might be onto a thumb drive in
smuggling this was not balloons
smuggling it in over the Chinese border
it was important for them because these
are people that were North Koreans to
understand what was actually happening
in the south so uh you you did all this
work you came to South Korea you went
out to the balloon drops and then it
turned out that actually the interview
was not in the balloons yeah how did you
feel about that you know it was really
difficult for us because no one told us
we got there on Monday we were told the
balloon launch is gonna be later in the
week and then you know bleary-eyed
ends and you know jet-lagged we're about
to go back to the hotel and they say
okay we're driving north to pod you and
we're going to launch the balloons
tonight so it just hit us like wow
there's the banner of the interview and
then the next day we find out that
they're not in there and just by the way
from a technical perspective the entire
time I'm sitting there talking to the
camera like wow we're sending the
interview North Korea but we weren't and
that's because park I think he was
pressured in some way into not doing it
so I was curious he asked the defectors
about their long-term vision for beyond
the balloon launch how this would play
out is totally beyond anyone and I think
that it's important to remember that
this is not just a dictatorship this is
a country that ranks 165 out of 165
countries in freedom indexes all across
the board these are people that have
been so brutalized by the Kim dynasty
crime family that re integration is I
mean I hope we get to the point where
it's going to be hard for them because
this is worse so I hope we get to the
point where that has to be figured out
we got this really good tweet from
arturo while we're alive or tara wants
to know if we're entering a new era of
propaganda so you know propaganda is
something that has always existed I
think that in its a new era in the sense
of the technology we can actually crack
North Korea I mean sending balloons over
but you're setting balloons over of much
more explosive and inflammatory stuff
like South Korean soap operas I mean
that might be what brings the regime
though thank you for watching our piece
there'll be many more of them so keep
coming back to vice news thanks this is
your uniform these businesses are
hostile feta Oh still fit huh oh god
you're terrifying right now people I'm
scared right now giving them the La
Jolla years ago
he's worried he's threatening
international babysitting right huh so
some hahaha let's go and bake this out
