we Serbian responsible
oh my godness rustling Braccio probably
working with you fascist the natto
American imperialism
yeah in logistics team is Evelyn Naomi
Sam visage people he says smells mathira
khan us serve you boys new republic self
into civilian vehicles oh my godness
across all in gradual probably work with
you
josh is the motto america's look as the
war on Ukraine approaches its first year
vice news met with volunteer fighters in
eastern Ukraine to find out what
inspired them to take up arms and risk
their lives in a foreign country
the Serbs claim they are fighting
Ukrainian fascists yet idolized Ratko
Mladic a Bosnian Serb military leader
who is accused of war crimes and
genocide during the Bosnian war series
keen ear a nice dog Russian on a
shelf sceeto sorry
kircheis abilities prayed bestowed in
goda
ah built prove all self ski Spetsnaz
were me potent policy no Sal Viscuso
dares to say when you stir put
occupations upon the potent stopa
yahuveh proud an emo a Prada and
sergeant major she's our nanny Danny
that's right
I know it's wrong to kill pistol but
we're not killing here we're here to
protect all Serbians came here to fight
for novel Russia at the other side are
quads and Albanians our all enemies I
will meet my yamoa blame greetings to my
girlfriend Michelle Obama
for the moment I have a Norwegian left
my family in France to hurt the goombas
people at a hospital in Donetsk big doc
a pharmacist from France goes to meet
another foreign volunteer from Brazil
drawn to the conflict by the notion that
the separatists are fighting a proxy war
against America Raphael was recently
injured and was recuperating in hospital
in oval General Thomas Brazil built in
the contract
team soon he came to town a guarantee
any opposed
again although under contract c'mon say
in Gambas Chico Sopranos episode is by
ice John jingchou am within there
showing us around the damaged
neighbourhood in Donetsk was Gilliam a
young French volunteer in support of the
French far-right party the National
Front we're fighting because the DNR for
me is the perfect example of what I want
to see in France I want all cities in
France especially Paris to look like the
knees to the claim with normal people
traditions nor respect for for values a
sense of patriotism you know where our
Christians and we would never do war and
civilians we're here to protect the
people the problem is the servants are
there like in the vicinity and sometimes
you don't you don't have choice
Thoreau a 58 year old Spaniard who works
in a separatist press center came to
eastern Ukraine after being inspired by
the plight of young female DNR fighter
we go move it is a little girl Maria
with 17 years is with mini-sub I turn
into a panther risk and she have a video
what you say mama I love you my father
state have my boyfriend state and I i
depends on how often the family and and
I think but this color can do it I can
do it
recovered 17 years it's not Russia and
Ukraine over it is a root Christ get
seed or government from Kiev sent
militaries to kill ready to can make a
civil war and pom makes Ville object
Sambas and I think this is a way to stop
the agro sores I'm saying
no no pasaran no way this may be a
torrent of the pain yeah really I hope
we want to halt and lira I mean even so
much man and in the Pampas and the free
from bus with the volunteers coming from
both left and right political
backgrounds the motivations of these
fighters are often contradictory which
is not surprising in a war complicated
by intense propaganda however the recent
arrests of eight Spaniards for fighting
alongside the separatists could signal a
wider crackdown by governments on their
citizens fighting the war meaning that
some of these volunteers could become
trapped in the conflict and unable to
return home
you
