give you that Shannon you get is a
chicken
the Korean War Memorial in the center of
Seoul is a graveyard
of tanks and planes and munitions from a
war that ended 1953 is a war that
divided this peninsula into two very
very different countries and while the
shooting war has ended the propaganda
war continues North Korea is one of the
world's most isolated countries a hermit
Kingdom hermetically sealed from the
rest of civilization it's a country both
astoundingly brutal and almost comically
absurd single television channel is
dedicated to exalting the leadership of
dictator kim jeong-hoon and instilling
fanatical devotion to his regime North
Koreans are allowed no external Internet
access
though some can gain access to the
country's intranet also populated
entirely with regime propaganda getting
information into the north was once the
remit of the South Korean government who
launched balloons to disseminate
propaganda over the border but the so
called sunshine Policy Institute in 1998
to deescalate tensions between the two
countries saw the balloon launch is
shelved that task was then picked up by
North Korean defectors today these
launches are increasingly controversial
and have drawn gunfire from the north
and intervention from the nervous South
Korean government it won't be guns and
bombs that free the captive citizens of
North Korea activists say it will be
schmaltzy South Korean soap operas yeah
over dubbed episodes of friends and an
inflammatory Seth Rogen and James Franco
film
chun-hyang declared Sony Pictures the
interview a movie which dramatizes the
assassination of kim jeong-hoon to be a
quote reckless u.s. provocative insanity
I mean it says something interesting
about North Korea that they decided to
have the state mount an all-out assault
on a movie studio because of a satirical
movie starring Seth Rogen and James
black oh when President Obama pinned an
embarrassing leak of Sony emails on
North Korea for Halverson the frenetic
and outspoken head of the new york-based
Human Rights foundation announced a plan
to challenge Kim Jong Un's monopoly on
information Halverson is a controversial
figure in South Korea and his
controversial idea to rein the north
copies of the interview along with a
small group of Western journalists in
Silicon Valley types the human rights
foundation promised us access to a
balloon launch but first we would be
letter and sold to meet defectors and
activists to learn about their sometimes
primitive strategies for getting
information into North Korea supervising
justice antonin good day I think it's
harder than the Bugatti car there was a
pitiful psychological you need to be
revenge a grand will chatter login
didn't Kim Hong Kong's expertise is
actually more 21st century before
defecting to the South came as a
computer scientist at Pyongyang tasked
with training the country's first
generation of elite hackers when Jaime
Takeda driven company could own money as
she did a girl saw a villain what you
couldn't get to the Sony hacking captain
gannon boy satsangi would have gotten a
more
Jarah we had to cut the kitchen Anasuya
abuse and repo culture kids are more
ruling agree single dressing
been threatened
beaten up dead rats and blood-covered
axe sent to his office he is probably
the one of the pioneering defectors in
terms of sending information into North
Korea via shortwave tomorrow is an
obscure afternoon you get kids to do it
so octopus player Bugis Havana Martinez
Oh Colonel Choudhry Google - yeah now I
feel once people start getting a taste
of these real human stories and real
entertainment value they very quickly
get hooked on it especially the younger
generation DVD players are surprisingly
prevalent in North Korea and crucially
all of the ones going in these days they
don't just have a DVD function they have
a USB input port as well you're not
involved in the bullying launch stuff at
all or not not know what do you mean
what's your general sense of these
things I know like it's funny cuz I yeah
you think my god you know pretty
straightforward stuff it's a pretty
divisive issue isn't it possibly this
massive leader this year and what's your
take on this this is for the back but
this is for the record
you're obviously a skeptic you've
revealed it already just by these long
houses yeah
after an exhausting day of meeting
defectors brutalized by the North Korean
regime the human rights foundation told
us that the balloons would be lost that
night some were roused and brought up to
the North Korean border where we're
actually going to launch the balloons at
night to try to you know keep the press
away and to keep all the attention at a
minimum because attention in the past
has been a bad thing and this military
truck has the hydrogen in it all the
material that is going to be launched
into North Korea the launch was
organized by defector Park sang Hawk
known as target zero in North Korea it's
most dangerous enemy in 2010 at North
Korean agent was arrested in Seoul
carrying a dozen poison tip needles his
target Park sang Hawk I was told by them
at the police might come and if they do
come there will likely be a
confrontation so we're gonna unload the
stuff now and launch some balloons
it turns out that they forgot the
balloons so we have big bags of money
and Seth Rogen DVDs but we have no way
to get them right over there
which is North Korea which you can't see
because they don't have any power or
lights in his 10 or 15 years of activism
he has never had something like this
happen we'll just stand out here in the
 cold on the border of North
Korea cuz that's totally fine right
this is a banner of kim jeong-hoon that
will be flying with the balloon
fluttering in the background and
hopefully flying over Pyongyang with a
rather insulting message about the Dear
Leader and the poster for the interview
they're tying the banks to the balloons
okay so these are these are the bags
that were gonna inflate once okay okay
it will melt through yeah that's what
really sees these banks in in they're
timed yeah for that mr. parks it would
take but three to five hours so there's
dollar bills there's cash in there
there's propaganda and we also have
thumb drives and copies of the interview
so this is the GPS you're putting on
yeah so this is a GPS receiver and a
satellite transmitter and so it'll get
the GPS position and then send that up
to a satellite which will bounce it back
down to a server on the internet and so
will then be able to see the position of
the balloon at the Meuse law so your per
how many and those are you putting in
everyone everyone no just one if anyone
is smoking please stop smoking
immediately that would be greatly
appreciated
so we have all five balloons filled now
they've done this in a way that they
know where they're gonna go and they
know they're going north now they just
hope they get to civilization North Goa
hindi song yeah good your mother kim
jeong-hoon season ha ha
we know three people freezing our regime
people I swear to God if I end
up in Pyongyang hanging on to this
they look like they've gone they're sort
of circling above and they seem to be
going in the wrong direction right now
by the way
we later discovered that the balloon
affixed with the GPS tracker landed not
far from the launch site in South Korea
and it wasn't mentioned at the time that
the launch is only connection to the
interview was parks banner those
overstuffed bags contain no copies of
the movie under pressure from the South
Korean Ministry of unification Park sang
Hawk was persuaded to lead the film out
of this launch the current political
situation they said demanded quote
wisdom and prudence he reluctantly
agreed but the following day Park would
again threaten his former captors with
his most potent weapon Seth Rogen nobody
don't be so young got those hung bumble
generous example ladies and gentlemen I
have to interrupt right now there
appears to be a confrontation we believe
that someone who wants to protest
against us as a right to do that
the confrontation was between protesters
demonstrating against the human rights
foundation and Park sang hawk and some
very vocal defectors accusing them of
being Stooges of the North Korean regime
yeah you keep playing keep on job money
yeah
thank you sir
woman came for grabs confrontation both
got you knocked into some pretty sure
that the matter is there like two people
here bitter protests there are three or
four I think there's a I think there's
some other ones that have been kept back
but it's not a big crap third there an
angry crowd on both sides
you left a country where there is no
freedom of speech nobody can speak
unless they are praising the Dear Leader
do they not also have a right to speak
even if what they say is crazy
he's under that a leprechaun is this
happen NZ it's a pretty nasty mess Anaya
what is the reason that you come out to
protest parks are not inclusive and I'm
moving hundred pu√±ado de Chivo you don't
hang long at all who Nate are you gotta
running a blundering winded to Amin in
the window I think a committed Iran
Haram deletion panna cotta or the
connects economy hundreds are you up
horribly under the URL or ended out an
eagle year ago to come to the big
imbalance you on the movie ever
it's eternal
we were told that the protesters were
possibly on Pyongyang's payroll this
suggestion became more believable when
weeks later one of those protesting the
human rights foundation and Park sang
Hawk in global notoriety attending a
forum on Korean reunification US
ambassador to South Korea mark Lippert
was attacked by a knife wielding
assailant who slashed his face in the
wrist
the assailant was kim ki-jong a fixture
at anti-us protests who had made seven
visits to North Korea in the past decade
we went to find another failed assassin
we heard about a defector who made an
attempt on the life of Kim il-sung North
Korea's founding father and deity
he's an assassin or potential assassin
sometimes when parking garage that has a
TV studio and people who appear to be
making clothes I don't know what's got
or not
but I hope we can find that amount
we're very very far from the center of
Seoul it took us about an hour to get
out out here and couldn't find regard
and ultimately descended into this
basement make sure the parking garage
Lynn young son escaped North Korea after
his assassination plot unraveled it's
important to note that because of the
North Korean dictatorships control of
information it's impossible to verify
every element of Limbs story
Jewish village and oh yeah yeah wait on
go Trojans another dong kyun sung kim
jong GD ha yeah
romeo hyperemesis who mio Honda Honda
Superhawk Anita Kobe so diva cha - Don
Herto statue your whole hair tada hijae
we gonna no call no one was home ah man
no much Rajiv all chunghae a burning car
and guess how you had their side of the
road there's remove coconut our driver
can move on would anticipate whoa don't
even turn around for two years the Kim
regime hunted lemon his co-conspirators
most were eventually caught and executed
but Lim young son evaded capture and
slipped across the border with China Lim
owns this underground garment factory
and all his employees are North Korean
defectors in his former life is a
military officer in the north he was
frequently charged with shooting South
Korean balloons out of the sky tomorrow
and Jaeckel carnage epigenetically
Isaiah ottoman a second eco-otome Adam
and I hated eco more Tibet eco boom did
he say okay Herman including the
Jumeirah
shouldn't know where to talk about you
go Bruins comin down below body God
really wanted to catch evil children
Jamie number yeah huntin that didn't
have such a cool
Jamie on them government table a little
proof here but in the day so let me just
so I'm clear on this
the South Korean government in the 90s
we're sending balloons full of porn to
Pyongyang and this is coming that and
you're looking at this stuff which is
completely unavailable in North Korea
right here on Gaia's hygena
condensation reports cops are cuttin
kombu do go to each wire joy doesn't
come Nausicaa the DIA paya
so these balloons and these drops were
pretty helpful in spreading information
giving you food and you know dirty
pictures and it was like you know get
made you in some way I want to go to the
South correct cool promenade nominee the
Uncle Chuck Tina be any oxygen in the
Talavera monkeys there Kim Yuna Kim
jong-il Johanna bodom Donald banana on
ha you don't turn down your men included
a Latino we're gonna need human Oh
beautiful okay teaching abuela Lynn is
describing what Park sang Hawk is doing
sending materials over the border that
ruthlessly mocked the Kim regime but Lim
is also contributing to the information
war by exposing South Koreans to the
madness of North Korean television which
most people myself have never seen
Tirupathi Nellore on a talk ninety Hall
you see I'm to Nepal widening gaga
so pukana hunt educate his run in and it
went turns a gear a Pyongyang bamboo be
Madonna fukuko Bob Bob a karateka
attorney Miyamoto GRU cont'd oh man
someone's gradually sail because his
intention is to expose the absurdity of
Pyongyang's propaganda limbs efforts are
tolerated by the government the or are
you clear you observe of contraband
that's hunger this is this is your
uniform
oh god you're terrifying right now I'm
scared right now
so let's go invade this out this doesn't
look very good my has really been GOG
never you Chilean handsome young Johnny
where did you looked at all for caribou
some cheap valuable habitat ha
I'm Kingdom don't go to super that's
what you get value for you were gonna
take a hundred people coming through
China each yogas Oh New York Journal
Arriba it seems like the craziest thing
I've ever heard that a hundred guys
against an enormous military that can
scripts everyone into it and his
well-armed would make it from there to
Pyongyang below the 2 gamma 3 para venir
adoption you're not sorry I did that
poor achieve the progeny knob job
centric who negotiate become Buddha JP
running car
okay chunk or euro Monica it should come
back with a kilt or have a taqueria hard
on that commercial garage in case all
children do some but other yeah
Pau Gasol Mankato theater I'm in the
zone wouldn't you
another defect are using media and
modern technology to fight the North
Korean regimes choi jong-hoon choi is
the director of free North Korea radio a
privately funded station which
broadcasts anti-regime news into the
north and he too is ready to pick up a
gun if necessary Durazo anemia
dance-a-thon HECO create their money
he's even been gone for a week ago Chris
you gotta count ambien Ceylon petrol
Mooji Monte mean did a girl Cabo okay in
this era he's also the commander of the
very 1970s sounding North Korean
People's Liberation Front an army of
defectors typically clad in sunglasses
camouflage uniforms and Berets are ready
to flood the north in the event of an
uprising but until the
counter-revolution begins
Choi is a soldier in the information war
both smuggling information in and out of
North Korea and this too is a dangerous
job
like many activists defectors Choi is
protected by South Korean intelligence
agents who sat watch as we spoke and
refused to be filmed from at ago muy
slogan ammonia Mian Koya Morgan Angelica
Yenta Hamid row crew an Indian panegyric
tribunal hey sir
Kim journalism community Gaeta again
with local media villain giga pukani
community lillian eagle eradicate eminem
who can easily bozos pyrenees me da de
draak okay soku Zuni Tom Brokaw me
honest rambling and a mullah little
Vilma Madhavi an ambien to kinesin
inspector near ontario true zero Nirvana
retain control Chico he'll check women's
room comida Grande
Indians are carboneddon multi-camera
yogi - Anna you get is a chicken angry
ah yeah so everybody comes out from the
execution people in the town or they
ordered to come and watch the execution
cumbia Tom's around a bugatti mrs.
Apollo girl ceramic si to Camden gungi
Luke Walton sorry Canora an octoroon
along the G do you know what the
supposed crime was that this person
committed can go to Americana
crickets Ang's hinari sallekhana changes
and pain traditional tonal gleba gleba
sets and is a little Akana jarasandha
what you got is Eagle yes
choice suggestion that this person was
tied to a post and publicly executed for
watching a South Korean soap opera is
another reminder that in North Korea the
information work and have deadly
consequences so we're 45 minutes north
of Seoul in Paju at the otis on
unification observatory and right behind
me is the heavily fortified border of
North Korea and a few days ago we were
just around the corner launching five
balloons full of propaganda material in
what we thought at the time was copies
of Seth Rogen's movie the interview you
know we fell for that hook but what we
found out when we got here was that you
know the simple act of sending a balloon
full of information are a pretty
innocuous bro comedy to North Korea is
actually really controversial here as we
were putting together this film Park
sang Hawk re-emerged bowing his next
launch would include 10,000 copies of
the interview previously Pyongyang said
that Park would quote pay for his crimes
in blood the film made it across the
border but this time they promised that
an aerial shipment of the interview into
North Korea would be met with not just a
few shots of gunfire
but cannons and missiles losing the
information war North Korea might take
its chances on winning a shooting for
