on Saturday night leaders of the
California Democratic Committee fired a
powerful shot at five-term senator
dianne feinstein's
endorsing her opponent state senator
Kevin de Lyon in November's election
it's just the latest sign that
progressive Democrats are feeling
energized and beginning to lose patience
with party leadership in Washington
congresswoman barbara Lee an icon of the
activists left is moving closer to
running for the caucus chair position
that opened up when New York Democrat
Joe Crowley lost his primary to
progressive Alexandria Ocasio Cortes
progressives in New York are trying to
make their state the epicenter of the
left-wing earthquake and they're looking
to the September primary as their next
big chance to shake things up Cynthia
Nixon has been running to unseat New
York Governor Andrew Cuomo since March
she was already famous but now she gets
that special recognition that goes with
being a liberal agitator in New York
City these days like your city it's
absolutely it's my city it's my state
you know we have five boroughs in the
city of New York right set an island
sometimes feels like the Forgotten
borough it's by far the smallest but
it's was really important to me to go
out here today I think everybody thinks
that New York is kind of doing super
well right now at the outside story is
like it's all gentrified there's no
crime anymore
get a free ferry do whatever you want I
feel like your campaign talks about a
New York that ain't what most people
don't hear about
or if the people aren't doing as well
there is a lot in New York City in New
York State that's very glittery and I
think we have an incredible amount of
wealth here but the fact of the matter
is that when I was a kid we had a lot of
wealthy people here too but we didn't
have nearly as many as we do now and
their influence wasn't as pervasive
that's a big apartment to buy for just
you I have a lot of shoes
it may seem ironic for one of the women
who made this city sexy again in the 90s
but Nixon's campaign is out to D glitter
New York she wants to show that this
Democratic stronghold actually kind of
sucks for a lot of Democratic voters we
are now the most unequal state in the
entire country
with both incredible wealth and extreme
poverty she tells this story a lot like
this weekend at Richmond terrace houses
a public housing project near the ferry
terminal where residents had been
digging up old needles out of their
filthy green spaces did you just know
in the struggling New York is not hard
to find the state was recently ranked as
having the highest economic inequality
in the country so Nixon's message seems
good for these political times and in
this particular place but this campaign
is still greeted with more skepticism
than anything else in part because she
doesn't have any elected experience and
then there's that other part the reason
we talk about progressive celebrities
the conversation is usually like it's
not good if they get involved in
politics people don't want to hear them
and they can't speak to people sort of
outside very very liberal circles right
and you're running the statewide
campaign why do you think that people
say that about people like you anybody
who says that is really misjudging the
moment that we're in when you speak to
people's issues and when you speak to a
lack of progressive change I think that
people care less about the messenger and
more about the message and I also think
that the more people are learning about
my history I'm actually somebody who's
been fighting for for better funded
public schools for the last 17 years and
fighting for LGBTQ equality and wit and
abortion rights and women's rights they
understand better that this is not
something that I woke up one morning and
did on a whim this is actually something
that I've been considering for a long
time oh a two-term incumbent isn't
running again on a whim either there are
a few politicians in America as good at
politics as Andrew Cuomo he fights back
and he fights to win right now
KOMO is fighting hard to keep his job he
also talks about the problems in New
York central Brooklyn has been
overlooked for decades for decades for
decades but he says he's done things to
make them better Nixon doesn't think so
you get the strong sense
she doesn't like Cuomo very much he's
really much more comfortable with
Republicans supporting Republican
candidates and Republican leaders
and and really fiscally and in every
other way governing like a Republican
it's hard to find a quantitative metric
that suggests Democratic voters in New
York are buying this take on Cuomo in
large numbers Nixon's campaign is
limping in the polls and at the state
Democratic convention in May most of the
response was not positive sex in this
city is a great show well this is that
primetime you know this is you it's as
real people real lives but Nixon says
like in New York there's an untold story
to her campaign last week she turned in
65 thousand signatures to get on the
state ballot that's 50,000 more than she
needed after democratic socialists
Alexandria Ocasio Cortes shocked the
Democratic establishment and a
congressional primary Nixon's campaign
message became I'm with her so are you a
Democratic Socialist well so it's a it's
a label that I've never pinned on myself
before but when I the more I learn about
the Democratic Socialist their values
are absolutely my values but you're not
wearing the label yet officially well
really I mean I I want to be clear that
when i when i i don't line up with a
hundred percent every single policy but
all of the major ones i absolutely do
progressives in new york are liking
their win-loss record these days but
this is a whole new ball game they need
Nixon to bat a thousand it's very
important to make sure that people
understand that I would not be running
if I didn't think that I can win this is
not a protest candidacy this is a
all-or-nothing
