it's Monday March 16th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
students in eastern India filled the
streets in protest against the brutal
gang rape of an elderly nun on Sunday
police say the 72 year old nun tried to
stop a group of about six men from
robbing a Christian missionary school in
West Bengal when she tried to block the
group's way she was taken into another
room where she was raped the nun is
undergoing treatment at a local hospital
in response the students from the
missionary school are calling for
justice on behalf of the nun the issue
of sexual violence against women in
India has been in the spotlight since
the 2012 fatal gang rape of a 23 year
old student in Delhi Venezuela has
staged a military exercise to counter
the United States calling the country
and national security threat president
Nicolas Maduro government mobilized
80,000 soldiers and 20,000 civilians to
take part in attend a military drill
participants held shoulder-fired
missiles and simulated defending an oil
refinery from an attack the
demonstrations follow an executive order
signed by US President Obama last week
that labeled Venezuela and national
security threat and brought sanctions
against seven of the country's officials
Maduro framed these sanctions as an
attempt by the US government to topple
his rule this video purportedly filmed
by Shia militias shows him advancing
with Iraqi troops on an Islamic state
target and Tikrit Iraq Iran backed
militias are fighting alongside Iraqi
forces to take back to creat a majority
Sunni city controlled by is recapturing
the city that sits on the Tigris River
80 miles north of Baghdad is seen as a
key step towards decreasing the
influence of is Iraqi officials say as
many as 30,000 men are fighting is in
Tikrit the majority of them being
volunteers with various Shia militias
tourists are allowed back into North
Korea as the country recently relaxed
its harsh entry restrictions aimed at
preventing the spread of Ebola
despite zero cases of Ebola reported in
North Korea and surrounding countries
the country stopped all tourism then
imposed a 21-day quarantine for anyone
entering North Korea these eighteen
tourists are the first to enter the
country since October and some will end
their tour with a trip to North Korea's
new ski resort
check out the Vice News YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world in
ECM system ome informal con la intenci√≥n
deliver on OHS delinquency organized
ADO's de la Centro Sione's asesinato
Zito seguimos con con el mismo Fein
