so a couple of shots just got fired I'm
not sure whether it was the Isis
fighters certainly pretty close the fins
have more Turan sister gotten around no
no no no in this now that was today no
that's a big WOW
red-tailed open ground
because the fighters here fear that Isis
have got snipers watching this position
we had to essentially sprint from the
last farmhouse of this one whilst they
provided covering fire there now
basically prepping a mortar there's a
guy in the roof in the farmhouse behind
him checking to see where the mortar
landed and then telling him to just the
distance to make sure that they hit the
target you can actually see the smoke
from that one it's very close with what
appears to be direct hits on the Islamic
state positions we begin to move back
towards the new Jabbar HQ the new Jabbar
fighters are saying this is where Isis
treated their wounded in the battle over
the past couple of days so they've now
obviously since fled and the new Jabbar
have destroyed half the building that we
can't see that much evidence of any sort
of medical equipment being used or
bandages or anything like that
this was clearly someone's home at some
point now it's been destroyed it'd be a
long time before the civilians in this
area will be able to return
you
