a couple because the control of the
precociousness but mighty Watson easily
everybody was renewed the shirk is most
associated my meat will show cranium
machine yet you know what it'll show the
boot is saying it's a steaming Authority
when you look at the elevated
these trenches are on the eastern edge
of Mariupol they're part of the defenses
of the city along with the fields which
are mined and full of anti-tank spikes
but that's because the Russian border is
30 kilometers that way the separatist
lines are actually much much closer
Murray poll was at one point under the
control of the Donetsk People's Republic
Ukrainians took it back and now they've
put all these fortifications here
because they don't want to lose it again
so we're with the Azov battalion in
libidinous key which is the outskirts of
Mariupol and it's kind of the second
line of defense before the separatist
areas these Azov battalion members are
coming here to replace some other
Ukrainian fighters from the Negro
battalion they're going to relieve them
and we're just here with them to find
out how the defense of Mariupol is going
because some are saying that this might
be the next target
many Bravo
know who achieve a sub TV but two
subsidiary we see the spirit resistant
his willingness we get Rivero hole which
start new cut
I'm starship
there's been some speculation that the
separatists and their supporters in
Russia want to try to take over Murray
Opel as their next target they've
already taken over the airport they've
already taken over debaltsevo
are you worried that you could lose
ground here too I think we will not lose
ground but the main battle with junior
and Russian terrorist forces I think
we've been Mario welcome in April the it
will use the attack from both of the
sides I saw a really terrible video you
know that was shot by one of your
fighters the city was attacked with
artillery it hit the residential areas
and I think that was the first time that
that had happened in Mariupol now that
you guys hold territory as far as
Sorokina
do you think it's still possible for the
city to be hit with artillery it was
after this our regime's leader he make a
plan to protect city of Mariupol to
Moses danger zone as far as possible
from the city area but if they catch our
first lines they will cut our second
land in Mariupol we'll still have a
vendor why do you think that they want
to capture this city I think Putin here
now this in his minds became stupid
all okay all okay Stuart the blue one
never mind it's she wore cooler after
Martha
they just accidentally fired a bullet
and made quite a big hole in the asphalt
that's scary and I'm problem yes
I actually felt the pieces of the
asphalt bounce off of my back he said
let's much better than pieces about
it that's true so more generally and
it's good for health where were we
why they need more you Poe you said
Putin has an idea yep it's way too
creamy its way to Europe kids I think
main idea from Russia for Russian
Imperial no spasibo is just blatant Asia
pulley Bo Opie's nationally
we're on our way to bid John skits a
town just outside of Murray opal but the
thing about it is that it's one of the
last places that the Ukrainians have
managed to take over and they did it
with the Azov regiment which is pretty
much the only regiment that's been
taking land on the Ukrainian side
instead of losing it if kilometer is
sort of actually said no not she suppose
it's a pride of lions probably you would
steal a sniper on the Azov battalion
have a pretty unhealthy obsession with
German history a lot of them where West
German uniforms with German flags have
German style helmets say zig instead of
hello to each other and listen to
Rammstein which is why they are so
controversial because they kind of help
the Russians build the Ukrainians are
Nazi
the first not past me mr. Fudo
because we get that many potential was
this area changed hands a couple times
already initially in September when the
pro-russia forces pushed all the way up
to the city limits of Mariupol it wasn't
in their hands then the Ukrainians
pushed back then they lost it again and
now they're here for a third time
scientist collinear the to deterioration
was not accepted to do Maria Paula
Matyas capetti Sudan anemometer ashita
with my dearest Mary to the east when
you pollute the Katori of pot pourri
premier cut or epidural yes but American
easy of the river a dock
the system is nishijin test reporter
Papa chest is this even a propaganda
this propaganda is Luca the bra bulge
ski with a Leone profit equation each
channel the Savoy sternin-crane school
Sudan Oh a pleasure Army at Ocean is in
the ocean which is vehicle couture
egoism controlled easily what you want
senior the shark is more than visited
yet exam is Austin yekaterina is really
fluoresces can destroy a person's own
ass off not succumbing not the karate
Lee Minho's the white watching Naga to
keep Raja tell my story of the
prosthetic moon ago when just alone in a
miniature mode Christmas data so notice
any proud the absolute no I wish new
submission aerobatic a Parenthood
Association Korean who knows just not as
a estos the power of photography times
attrition upon new potato Kavya with
this new attack a goose would taste an
issue and when he shows three was most
honest emotion which new phonemic
shortcake Anna Dumas Tony Quixote
artificial skier Manya so the give me
that on national TV regatta minestrone
mechanism
gives an appearance to destroy him
we're with Miraval resident who supports
the Donetsk People's Republic
she's agreed to speak with us on
condition of anonymity she's worried
that she could get arrested by the
Ukrainian authorities here if she were
to identify herself a quill was monena
pop over to Paul Kossoff a tourism is a
shitty I mean especially Navision
watching a horror show
I need to see the rings we've
actually cut the kid loose imprisonment
with the same problem and especially
pituitary separatist code attendant yet
kangaroo Daenerys Publica Adam way to
reduce resume no kakushita it used to
suit capricious who the approach and
same noble aggression I put the rally
yellow most new hip atoms to new posters
new version yet she would not a yellow
run you the yella yella smearing the
yearly rotate about which in the hottest
own espresso data by meet you
bull from Crimea Finn yet in his manner
with it'll show the which is saying it's
a steam authority been alluding
innovated
