it's friday march sixth and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines it's
common to see afghan women covered head
to toe but on thursday a group of burka
clad men marched through kabul in
support of women's rights the young
activists were trying to draw attention
to gender-based violence ahead of
International Women's Day on Sunday the
protest drew mixed reaction some people
stopped to laugh and heckle the
protesters and others applauded them the
Taliban force women to wear burqas in
public when they ruled Afghanistan in
the 1990s there's concern that with the
withdrawal of international forces the
progress made on women's rights over the
last decade is on death ray
the government of Kyrgyzstan is worried
that parts of the Central Asian nation
have become a breeding ground for
Islamic militant government officials
estimate that around 500 people from the
southern city of wash have been
recruited to fight in Syria the fear is
that the ones who survive will bring the
fight back home the country is currently
considering designating groups like the
Islamic state and the
al-qaeda-affiliated nusrah front as
terrorist organizations high-ranking
officers of the colombian armed forces
are meeting with FARC rebel commanders
for the first time five generals in an
admiral are in havana until saturday to
give their recommendations for long-term
peace with the leftist guerrillas
sporadic fighting has broken out across
Colombia since peace talks began to end
the 50-year conflict both sides have
said it's important to maintain a
ceasefire until a comprehensive deal is
reached one of America's largest circus
companies is dropping one of its most
iconic acts for decades animal rights
groups have accused Ringling Brothers
and Barnum & Bailey of mistreating the
Asian elephants featured in its shows
parent company Feld Entertainment says
customers have become increasingly
uncomfortable with their use the animals
on tour in 2018 will be retired to an
elephant sanctuary in Florida and the
company says that despite the change
viewers will still get to see the
greatest show on earth check out the
vice news YouTube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world
Judith it's not the weight Christians
that are causing any trouble it's the
Muslims who are causing the trouble
