one of the few success stories in the
fight against coal ash has been the
closure of little blue run a coal ash
ponds so big it can be seen from space
behind me is little blue run which is
the largest coal ash impoundment in the
u.s. poorly disguised as a lake with
this unnatural blue color it spans over
two states and contains twenty billion
gallons of coal ash little blue was
built in the 1970s and over the years
has leached large amounts of arsenic and
selenium into the nearby communities
when the residents discovered the
chemicals seeping onto their property
they notified the state that they were
going to sue first energy power of the
problem wasn't fixed the environmental
integrity project went to the federal
government and said you know we want
something done about this or we're going
to sue the federal government so the
federal government I guess went to our
state DEP and owned they better get
their act together and make it make them
close it down just 59 days later the
federal court ordered first energy to
close the pond and begin the long
process to clean up the site sandy
Wright has advocated for the closure of
little blue ever since it failed to live
up to the energy company's promises they
showed us this beautiful lake that
looked like a nice state park it had a
motorboat on it with a girl lines water
skis it had you know somebody fishing in
a Cove and it just looked like a great
place they explained that we would have
almost lakefront property because we
only live about a mile and a half from
it so we're pretty excited about that
but over the years things went south
when did you start questioning what was
going on down there some of the local
hunters were seeing stuff coming out of
the hillsides and they said gee it looks
sort of bluish and foamy like this stuff
that's inside the impoundment the
environmental protection went down there
and investigated and they found that yes
the stuff was leaking out through the
hillsides
there are over a hundred seeps that
little blue and closing the pond won't
solve this
that's because closing the pond really
means covering it and throwing some soil
on top so all that coal ash will still
be there with the same problems
underneath
you
