after the war the international
community met in Cairo to pledge over
five billion dollars to get Gaza back on
its feet this immediate money will mean
immediate relief reconstruction the
United Nations Relief and Works Agency
is one of the main UN organizations
channeling international donations to
provide aid to the people of Gaza they
provide shelter for those who lost their
homes distribute food fun reconstruction
and run schools we met with you nrw a
spokesman odd na na boo hosna to find
out why it's taking so long the
situation is getting you know
deteriorating more and more here in the
Gaza Strip and we are supposed to do the
major work of you know reconstructing
the shelters obviously we receive only
130 million dollars from the bridge
which about more than 5 billion dollars
right now we asked for 724 724 million
dollars right now we get you know this
done fifteen percent off of that what's
the psychological effect right now are
you seeing a lot of trauma how are
people coping with that doesn't seem
like there are many facilities to help
people cope with you know post-traumatic
stress disorder and all the things that
they've seen especially the children the
real damage for the Gazan this is what
what everyone the psychological damage a
shelter or a road you can rebuild in one
year to year but the cycle up a
psychological effect it will affect
these kids four teams of years and this
is a real and major
a problem these kids are the leaders of
the future a few days after we met odna
the UN had to halt its cash assistance
to displace people because I ran out of
money how have the children been since
the war as more american fled the field
via telephone tough ability to converse
man osnabruck 11 at midday a big night
in fear son mr. Walken julianna
kalyanasundaram lil Marlee NASA then
I'll circle something today I know I see
these houses are from the UN are you
getting help from the government here
from from Fatah from Hamas is there
anyone here helping you guys live your
lives right now and get back to normal
I'm sorry that fish nobody fallible
America and hustling abuse young tell in
at the time of the fire caused such a
stir in the lab with the muscle but now
Boone Delilah put it on your finger in
my eye
especially buettner miserly la vida mas
de sakta Dharmaraja but never Civic
metagenomic
