welcome to on the line the show that
connects you to vice news this week coal
ash is the toxic byproduct of burning
coal for energy stored in almost every
state there are a few regulations in
place and it's leaking contaminants into
the environment Nahas shastri traveled
across the u.s. to see the people and
the places most impacted by this toxic
waste it's crazy to think that they're
just bringing trucks and trucks of coal
now live from Brooklyn nay ha is on the
line hey everyone welcome to on the line
as you just saw I recently filmed a
documentary about coal ash in the United
States and I'm here to take your
questions so who's up first hey we have
Lexie calling and let's say hey to Lexie
on stage all right great
hi thanks for having me hi Lexi how are
you great how are you I'm good what
what's your question okay so I'm from
Ohio where there's a lot of fracking and
last summer I went door-to-door just
kind of talking to people that had
fracking sites within miles of their
house and the vast majority of these
people had no idea what's going on so my
question is why do you think things like
coal ash and fracking and things that
could potentially contaminate the
groundwater why is this not common
knowledge and what could we do to fix
that um well that's a really good
question I think that at least in my
opinion the reason why it doesn't seem
to be common knowledge especially to
even people who are being affected by it
seems to be a pattern when it comes to
industrial pollution I mean you see this
with fracking we saw it with coal ash I
think you know a lot of companies across
the board just you know are quite
tight-lipped when it comes to things
like this so we don't really know if
there is a problem or something's amiss
until something bad happens like an
accident like that coal ash spill or
when people start sort of asking
questions so I think that that's why
people don't tend to know about it
personally coal ash at least within this
story is a problem in most of the states
in the US people should know about it
and there are organizations there
environmentalists who are spreading the
word so they're doing some really great
work with it and for example we actually
have a clip to show you from the piece
with Hartwell who's a river keeper with
the Waterkeeper Alliance for years
environmentalists warned the next
Kingston spill could happen the big
spill to happen in the TVA damn Duke
Energy said that'll never happen this is
not dangerous we're not violating any
laws the stuffs the same as dirt and
then you had the Dan River spill and it
turned out that all those people warning
of that were correct this stuff is
dangerous you can have these
catastrophic spills but regardless to
the catastrophic spill this dust
pollutant every single day it's
polluting our groundwater and our rivers
yeah so I mean there are organizations
that are doing a really great job
especially within communities like
yourself you know telling people that
there is something going on and giving
them the tools to fight against it to at
least address it to make people care I
would hope that we've done our tiny part
in terms of bringing awareness with this
piece and hopefully it'll continue right
great alright thank you so much thank
you all right you ready for your next
question man I am so we have a Skype
video message from if she sent this in
from New York City let's take a listen
hey Neha I watched the documentary on
coal ash and I thought it was great I
was wondering what are the challenges of
covering an environmental story like
this all right well um that's a pretty
good question I mean this story was
challenging mainly in two ways firstly
it was science heavy and I'm not a
scientist so there was a lot in the
research process to just wrap my head
around things like what is hexavalent
chromium why is it bad and so today I
would say that I have a deeper knowledge
of it but I'm still not a scientist and
I can never really claim to be secondly
it is a really sensitive subject on all
sides of it so whether it came to
talking to residents in the community
about how they were being affected we
just had to be sort of meticulous in the
way that we portrayed it the way that we
ask questions so we you know portrayed
this in the best way that we could and
we had to do the same when it came to
speaking to corporations as well so that
was a great question thank you all right
you ready for your next one I am let's
say hey to Patrick and
okay my question is what's the impact on
the local wildlife around these areas
and specifically through the seeps so
like in the Broad River our animals like
and fish are they surviving with that
through the seeps like can they survive
or is it just like a bunch of dead
animals or something
well this topic in particular wasn't
something that we explored specifically
in our piece but there definitely are
impacts so for example when we were at
Little Blue run which is the largest
coal ash impoundment in Pennsylvania the
resident that we spoke to over there her
name is sandy she told us that hunters
would see deer getting stuck in the pond
and then they would kind of be left
there and then as well as geese sort of
dipping in and their wings would be
filled with coal ash and they wouldn't
be able to fly back out so at least in
North Carolina in relation to your
question after the Dan River spill
people were advised to not eat the local
fish just cuz that's a great way to get
the contaminants into your body and then
there's also a lot of research going on
we didn't necessarily cover too much of
it but there is a research scientist
called Dennis Laemmle who's been looking
into the impacts of selenium exposure
and fish so there's definitely a lot
happening with it but it wasn't
something that we explored alright
awesome thanks thank you
all right great answer great question
and you ready for the next one I am
let's say hey to michael anthony Adams
calling in from Indianapolis Indiana all
right hi Michael
I know how are you I'm good how are you
I'm good is this is this hard for you to
kind of be on here and be on the line oh
that's a good question I was scared I
was definitely nervous but now that I
see you in front of me it's kind of good
to actually be talking to people so it's
okay so my question is in regards to the
disconnect between organizations like
the Waterkeeper Alliance in the EPA and
why they fall so far apart on the
spectrum of allowable hexavalent
chromium levels I mean point zero two
parts per billion and 100 parts per
billion is a huge gap yeah I mean it's
definitely a huge gap and this is
something that is really perplexing to
me probably as much as it
is to you what the Waterkeeper Alliance
was citing when they were talking about
point zero two parts per billion for
hexavalent chromium actually comes from
a case in Hinkley California so I'm sure
everybody knows about Erin Brockovich
that's the story that it was based off
of and it was a town where a lot of
people were suffering from health
effects from having hexavalent chromium
in their drinking water so after that
court case and after bringing awareness
to that issue the California EPA
actually advised that the Public Health
limits should be point zero two
especially when it comes to vulnerable
populations and children so I mean why
is there this discrepancy in the rest of
the United States your guess is as good
as mine but it does seem a little bit
silly to me and to follow up with that
the family that you spoke to in Rowan
County have they considered moving I
mean they're they're using what bottled
water you know for everything I mean is
that something that is feasible for them
to to leave the area um I think that you
know it was something that we discussed
with them and we discussed it with a lot
of residents in the area as well a lot
of these people have just been living
here for years sherry in particular this
was her dream house that she built so
they put a lot into it there's a lot of
emotional attachment so it's not even
that it's not feasible but for a lot of
people it's just you know it's a huge
life change and it's not always
something that they want to do and you
know why shouldn't they have clean
drinking water right right well thanks
so much I appreciate it thank you your
great questions Thanks yep all right so
yeah actually we have a tweet that was
something that I want you to take a look
at so the tweet says even with coal ash
being so dangerous you ever see it being
completely replaced with a cleaner are
safer source of energy what do you
what's your thought on that well I mean
in my opinion there's been obviously a
lot of push from environmental
organizations and even politicians when
it comes to using cleaner safer
renewables when our for energy sources
however coal is still the major energy
energy source in the world and in the
United States so I'm not sure when this
will happen I don't know that's honest
answer so
we're almost through the show I've got
another video I want you to take a look
at hey Nia it's one thing to see it on
the news it's quite another thing to
live it my family lives in one of the
communities that you covered behind me
you can see the thin tree line that
separates my family from the coal ash
ponds owned by Duke Energy like the
gobbles my well is also contaminated
with high levels of hexavalent chromium
my question for you is are there any
other communities that you covered and
what are the challenges that they faced
well that's a that's a really really
good question coal ash is a problem in
most of the states in the United States
so we did speak to other communities you
know it's a problem in Montana it's a
problem on the Navajo Nation and Arizona
and a lot of the issues that they face
have to do with contaminated drinking
water so that seems to be one of the
bigger issues across the board but when
we were in North Carolina we actually
share a gobble wasn't the only resident
that we spoke to we actually spoke to
quite a few people a couple down the
street called Ron and Joanne Thomas and
we actually have a clip for you from
that interview ron has had malignant
cancer and I've had a benign pituitary
tumor I've had kidney failure twice none
of this ran in our family as far as Ian
thinking well this is something you're
going to inherit it was all neat is this
consistent with some of the chemicals
that are found in your drinking water
yes we've all been drinking this water
all this time and had no no clue so that
was a pretty hard-hitting conversation
that I had with them especially when Ron
starts speaking about you know having
arsenic in his bloodstream and you know
these problems are seen in a lot of
places across the United States so that
was a great question thank you you ready
I am all right this is another tweet
Andrew Baumer tweeted in and he's asking
about the recent court case against Duke
Energy and the hundred and two million
dollar settlement that was awarded for
violating the Clean Water Act so he's
wondering do you think it's gonna have a
deterrent effect on future of hole
dumping our coal ash dumping well in
terms of having a deterrent effect I
guess in my opinion I would hope so I'm
not sure I think what's really
interesting about this case is that
firstly it's the largest sum in terms of
you know a company having to pay when it
comes to litigation and call with coal
ash but also Duke Energy pleaded guilty
so they're actually saying that they did
something wrong which is a big
difference and hopefully it's setting a
precedent precedent and maybe this means
something different for the future so
you made it to the end of the show how
do you feel I feel good it's past noon
so I feel like I can probably take a
shot or something celebrate so been good
yeah thank you everybody for joining us
today and we'll be back next week so
that's when the water capers came and
tested our whale and we got the news we
got that we have hexavalent chromium and
our whale I just remember shocked
feeling shocked and I couldn't hardly
hear what they were saying to me because
I was replaying in my mind every time I
had fixed a jug of kool-aid every time I
had made a pot of tea
you
