most people don't probably think of snow
when they think of Lebanon we're
crossing the mountain range that takes
you from bedroom into the bakov Valley
the snow here is starting to melt from a
storm last week although there's still
quite a bit of it and we're expecting
another storm sometime in the next
couple days which should make life much
more difficult for the refugees living
in makeshift camps down in the valley
more than 1 million people if wet
Syria's Civil War to Lebanon in the past
four years in a country of a little more
than four million residents this means
that one in every four people in Lebanon
is Syrian
we've come to El Marg a small city of
about 15,000 not far from the road that
connects Beirut to Damascus the refugee
camp that lies just outside the center
of town houses about 400 families good
nun would say my look at my own visit
children my no gonna make eval visit
temperatures here at night in the
Cavalia regularly below freezing and
heavy snowfalls have caused some of the
tents refugees are living in to collapse
I'm just old butter sour varnish sauce
already saw a bumpy start about a little
Sun I'm in debt a beautiful bar Hado a
not welcome hub Italian heritage given
lower bottle oh good no but it looks
sure look it's all local man I'm in the
right then I mean is a better ask me
right there this or dusty come on no of
Italian shine now cooler so I've been on
the other victims run when they do does
all five are laden after a rebel of
madness tell Jonathan Alberto they'd
inter inter horn man imma sorry she's in
her venom suit Honorable Ellen that
Bothnia under so Marshall Miguel Diaz
yes Justin Road enrolled or a welcome
open jeep hot older this is where an
entire family eats
cooks sleeps it's very cold
the draft from the exhaust pipe for the
heater let's in almost as much cold air
as as this heater gives off heat it's
really hard to imagine sleeping here in
the winter
it's and shut now with Maji no but you
see nearly shui
Oh an understandable Jorge lon yeah sure
should this and that's summer here
I'm with Ozzie knezovich my lead horn
Philip na na hey
the bakov Valley makes up the eastern
half of Lebanon and is the gateway from
Damascus to Beirut this area has the
highest concentration of Syrian refugees
in Lebanon hundreds sometimes thousands
of refugees line up outside this UN
distribution center every day to
register themselves and receive aid
lissa Bacolod is a spokeswoman for the
UN High Commissioner for Refugees which
oversees the international aid effort
we have prioritized winter assistance
however it's difficult to reach everyone
because refugees are scattered over
1,700 locations in Lebanon over 1,400
informal settlements and UNHCR and other
partners only managed to meet the very
basic and urgent needs of the refugees
this is unfortunately not enough even if
we prioritize winter assistance
what stress is this is this refugee
population cause to the host communities
I mean we've been to places where people
say that in the last year or so the
population of their municipality is
basically doubled as a result of the
number of people coming from Syria
that's true well in general the
population here in the because of the
Lebanese population in the Bekaa is of
540,000 the number of registered Syrian
refugees is almost that not and it's
true that in many municipalities the
number of Syrian refugees has exceeded
even the number of locals because not
everyone registers with the UN the real
numbers are likely higher there's a
significant shortfall in aid and the UN
estimates that only around 60 percent of
basic needs are met for the refugees the
task of coordinating distributing aid
falls on municipalities across the
country and officials have been
struggling to keep up with the massive
influx of refugees local NGOs have
stepped in to make up the shortfall in
international aid but it's clearly not
enough
as frustration bill the men distributing
the blankets said they would come back
if the refugees formed a line they were
handing out the aid without the approval
of the local government and wanted to
avoid a scene that might draw
authorities tensions are rising in El
Mirage as the refugee population grows
becomes even more limited the Messiah
didn't a very minimal cut out on me
laqueer glossary in south Lebanon in
Selma Missouri in Liberal Arts tilma
Lacroix term as old master fisherman an
associate mid-cap massiveness ayman nour
I'm not Alvaro de
vacacion Abela saya - we'll bill carbo I
mean a clone of your door Bonilla by
black named Zhang Xuan I'm Sophia hey
I'm not good Michelle Mossad Aetna
moonshine Haram santa paula rod now
to find out more about what had happened
the day before we drove to the
distribution center where the refugees
said they were attacked we were met
there by an angry crowd of people still
waiting to collect hmm I saw a beautiful
Julia but I saw one come out wait what
did you do i shut up Davila Arthur
Sullivan is Selim Pasha Oscar how long
has this dude and I'm the same or I live
at the ambitious for pedestal M double
bed Oh God or as they as they began
telling us their story
local police prevented us from filming
further but one man who said he had
video of the incident arranged to meet
us later we've been joined by a
gentleman who's beaten by the police
yesterday and he's agreed to come back
to the hotel with us and just discuss it
we're doing this because after getting
picked up by the local police it's not
safe for us to continue filming there
and certainly not safe for him
can you tell us why people were angry
huh Burma's and rawhide rumors lies mr.
mole had a steel mill American chemist
iam jamuna's a William Salem Willoughby
rf1 Helena's twat nice ass Abbas uber or
Finnish warfare Brioni last Sabbath man
in VESA bill Barrett Aloha burger will
sell him at marathon you'll meet Annie
I'll come an essential element from the
SAS a passerby low metallic what a Funes
latina Alice a certain team deserter
Tesla waffen-ss Argentine hello Alicia
food or a Mohan amis au feu darboux
morality W Abbas idle Carrabba the
sounds of Tasers can be heard off-camera
I'm Mustafa Muhammad will come up in
journey has Omarion salt misgiving
melody little nerves will catch chef at
the Bellmer Shabab sudhi in karate seven
Maura come on hi Jamal amara said Java
Lanaya mommy Salma dhalsim see a man
that far
I added shell holder agua come on
Shabbos Ahmadabad would durable a
digital merge will catch fa we serve our
serene attentive to BN Conover she do to
you al mualim Maha Sturm why do you
think that is my bar
Coon missile balladeer McHale Samira
Nasser Masada messed all d'emilia Masada
anaconda Sheila's mr. mu alpha le le
whistle Mohan cysteine Illya oh no
Harlequin Anna model Chi Rojo Harlem is
here an apple martini
many refugees complain that the system
allows local governments to steal divert
or withhold aid as well as tax refugees
registering for assistance the mayor who
oversees distribution agreed to talk to
us
how big a challenge has it been to find
places for these people it seems many of
them need very basic things food whale
for heat what is the biggest challenge
another
hada met an accessibility Kewanee dr.
Tom from Sasha elf Nessman he had ever
dated marche de basura
ha ha ha ha CMC with my editor River
granny's a vernacular Sheila nominee
Mina the limit agenda
Madanlal Mehta gingka she is a yacht via
Moscato
ooh more fear in canlib nanine honestly
no no not a gentle word al-assad sorry
 I'm Danube nanika mean who is
Allah me the story
he is a hema malini odda a module at the
el are coming for Clara me Nene
oh and Joaquin a good nanny enhance our
Elena be hazard a mosaic of a cool head
a model other episode Baraka hill a loop
non-union there are also security
concerns associated with the refugees
yes Olivia no hospital and toes yet yeah
Anna recently there were there were some
problems right where the security had to
deal with groups of refugees who were
attacking municipal employees Salman sat
Raveena have enough of Ximena that maroc
mama Michele had a her she is a carnival
after Rajah hallelu Casa Loma de la mama
de agua de jour des hotels whatta matter
no no no no
for the nelma buta right they use Tasers
vamos I know is there a concern that
these camps will become permanent I mean
is what we're seeing now similar to what
happened with Palestinians here 50 years
ago see Hodges no Eden mobile is
tomorrow at all dr. Leakey of a photo ID
when you conceive a baby by module new
zoo album Sammy in the Aegean foster
Union hire an omen on behemoth mother
Mouse or a No Fee Haldol as mystery the
creation of Israel in 1948 sent hundreds
of thousands of Palestinian refugees
into lebanon lebanese resentment toward
them in their armed struggle helped
ignite the 15-year Civil War here that
killed more than a hundred thousand
people even today Lebanese authorities
rarely enter the 12 Palestinian refugee
camps spread across the country some of
which have become havens for militants
and criminals many see the same
potential for conflict playing out today
with an increasingly desperate Syrian
refugee population straining Lebanon's
meager resources and no end in sight to
the war next door
back at the camp people are preparing
for another big storm there are still at
least two months left in winter
the people here aren't allowed to build
more permanent dwellings than ones they
have but each time you come back to the
camp it develops a sense of more
permanence right now they're laying
donated sandbags to prevent flooding
during the next storm
as night falls we visit the Salim family
one more time before leaving the camp
they fixed their roof but now the
children are sick Corrado
but after your loss alone remember her
left and aluminum Allah's leave evidence
ah da da intenta in Tahara Qaddafi
regime bara have a smarter hopper no
ninja pass away I'll kiss come stallion
the sauce Volendam it has somebody who
is admirable venti come on avocado
Thomas America Sun it's hard to imagine
people living in camps like this across
Lebanon indefinitely but at the moment
there's no foreseeable solution I know
Lebanon age head to toe second toe
Arianny machine Rockefeller yo mom I'm
her father Nia cheated Kathina William
to Alba come soon MDG I said limited
universe Rossi Magna defer then sorry
father harshly Mutasa no I Seminole Asia
you
