it's Wednesday February 25th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
Turkish soldiers have built a temporary
tomb for the remains of 13th century
tribal leader Salima and Shah a 1921
treaty gave the country the right to
defend his burial site on Syrian land on
Saturday hundreds of soldiers stealthily
crossed the border to move the mausoleum
and the troops who guarded out of the
area which was seized by the Islamic
state eight months ago Syria condemned
the operation as a quote flagrant
aggression and said its success proofs
Turkey is colluding with the jihadists
the military chose a Syrian border
village to relocate the tomb unwilling
to admit that the transfer signifies a
retreat or loss of territory philippine
customs officials have destroyed more
than 150 thousand pairs of fake branded
shoes and sandals found in a manila
warehouse last year
counterfeit Nike Adidas vans havaianas
and other popular labels were among the
stash of knock-offs smuggled from China
authorities say they had to complete
their investigation into who was behind
the shipment before they could shred the
goods China is a major contributor to
the global counterfeit market which the
International Chamber of Commerce
estimates will be worth more than 1.7
trillion dollars by the end of the year
Germany has banned a Dutch biker gang
that authorities have deemed a threat to
public safety on Tuesday police in five
western states conducted early morning
raids on homes of members of as a 2-door
motorcycle club the group was founded in
the Netherlands twenty-five years ago
with mostly Dutch membership but it has
diversified over the years with chapters
in several countries across Europe and
Asia such Edoras members have repeatedly
been linked to drug trafficking
extortion and other organized crime
Spanish police have arrested four people
suspected of trying to recruit Muslims
to join militant groups according to the
interior ministry the men used websites
and social media to promote the causes
of violent groups particularly the
Islamic state two were detained in
Spain's North African enclave of Malaya
and two others in the country's
northeast a number of European nations
have recently stepped up efforts to keep
citizens from becoming radicalized check
out the Bisons YouTube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world our mentality and
tragical Harville ephyra fazilet column
om Canon 20 Sudan I didn't see Iowa a
shelter or a road you can rebuild
in one year two year for the
psychological effect it will affect
these tents for tens of years
