welcome to on the line the show that
connects you to vice news this week
after the fall of Mosul Iraq's Shia
militias were called on to stop the
Islamic state Henry Langston traveled to
the front lines to meet the fighters and
investigate the rise to power now live
from Brooklyn Henry is on the line hey
guys it's Henry I'm here to take your
questions on our latest film from Iraq
covering the fighting between the Shia
militias and the Islamic state so who's
at first
Henry so first we have Kaylee Kaylee's
calling in from Eugene Oregon great hi
I'm good how are you so I just wanna
know what group members were like like
what sort of values do they care about
well first of all they're sort of quite
a mix of people a lot of younger guys
sort of older guys lots of different
professions you know some of them have
had military experience some haven't
summer students some are sort of
engineers doctors farmers but there's
there's a real sense that they are there
to defend their country and defend their
land from from Isis who they see as
mainly as a terrorist force coming to
essentially destroy their country and
they're involved in a lot of them are
involved in very heavy fighting pretty
much every day if they're on the front
lines but despite that kind of intense
way of living that intense violence they
have this sort of strange humor that
they sort of carry with them it's almost
like a gallows you were waited for them
I think to deal with that kind of
fighting I think we've actually got a
clip that we can show you that
highlights a bit of that strange gallows
humor so it's time to basically get out
of this trench
Santi Santi elastic couch on until on
holic kappa of tabooed una bellyache
haha Giada answer al meriya
yes that's a bit of a strange example of
the way they kind of react to those so
obviously for me a bit of a harrowing
moment but they sort of thought it would
be quite funny that they'd give me a
Muslim burial not sure how my family
would have reacted to that if that had
happened but that's kind of how they
deal with these situations and a very
tough for them but they definitely have
a strong belief in what they're doing
what are these malicious goals
afterwards so what is what happens next
I think I think it varies I asked this
question a lot a lot of them sort of
want to go home back to their lives back
to their families some like I said have
never experienced battle before so a new
to this and they feel it's their duty to
be fighting on the front lines but
ultimately once the war is done once
Isis to finish they want to return to
their homes return to their families
others who have been part of these more
established militias that we saw in the
middle of the naughties fighting the US
occupation and who were also involved in
fighting with the the sort of Sunni
communities in 2006-2007 a lot of them
are saying that they want their groups
to be absorbed into the Iraqi state and
to the security services which obviously
for a lot of people poses quite a
serious problem quite a serious issue
and that these groups who have sort of
have committed abuses in the past have
been a sort of separate agendas to the
Iraqi state now feel that they're owed
and in a bit of power once their mission
is done
those are all the questions that I have
that's certainly really really
interesting okay well thanks very much
for dropping me some questions thank you
no it's fine thanks Danny okay so who's
next
so actually Henry I've got a tweet I'm
gonna read okay and this one was sent in
and if we'll pull it up in the screen
tweet says at what extent will Iran back
the Shia militias if they see the
Islamic state getting the upper hand is
a invasion by the Iranian army possible
in your opinion I'm not sure an invasion
by the Iranian army is something that
would happen I'm sure they would up
their sort of support for the militias
and the Iraqi government and their
military but I think an invasion is
something I certainly wouldn't want to
comment on but we have seen reports of
the Iranian Air Force backing up
militias on the ground so that could
definitely happen again or could
increase I think that's certainly
possible so what's next
you know next actually we have a Skype
video message out and thumbs up so once
you take a listen and see if your shares
question hello Henry my name is Hamza
dad I'm from ba currently sitting in
Halifax Canada and my question to you is
did the shower volunteers carry any
about flags alongside religious banners
they may have had thank you
okay well each militia has their own
flag their own banner sort of their own
emblems so you see a lot of those flags
take prominence on the battlefield on
checkpoints on bases that they have on
the trenches and the front lines what we
didn't see that much the of though was
sort of the Iraqi national flag which
you'd expect you would given that they
say they fight they're fighting for
their state but we didn't see much of
that we saw more Iraqi flags with sort
of the Iraqi military but yes certainly
the militias was more than religious
banners and then banners of their own
groups it sort of highlights at the
little bit of discrepancies in like who
were they actually what are they
fighting for are they are they fighting
a religious war they fighting
to protect their stay a lot of them
would basically say both but some
worried that this is a religious war
that could sort of stoke secretary
intentions and we certainly are seeing
that what have we got up next next we
have another Skype caller let's say who
mom is calling in from hi mom I'm all
right how are you I'm doing fine great
my question for you is how have the
local civilian populations received the
Shia militias and the areas they have
liberated it really varies I mean when
we were out on the front lines with the
militias themselves we didn't really see
that many civilians and these are areas
of sort of active conflict so most of
civilians have fled because the fighting
is just too severe no one you know they
can't farm their land they can't work
they can't sort of just basically live
in their homes it's way too dangerous
with sort of Isis running around and
then the militias on top of that using
you know a lot of firepower against each
other so we didn't see or meet many
civilians there but we did we did
obviously then search for civilians who
had been in these areas and we went to
the sort of West area of Baghdad which
is mainly Sunni to speak to some Sunni
civilians what they think about sort of
the Shia militias are praying in their
areas and they generally it was a bit of
a negative reaction as you can imagine
there have been a number of abuses
against Sunni communities by these Shia
militias and for the most part they seem
to be operating in Sunni areas then
retaking territory Isis Isis have taken
and it's mainly Sunni areas north and
west of Baghdad Ambar Salahuddin
province Diala
and we're hearing a lot of sort of
reports of civilians being kicked out of
these areas and you know we saw these
villages were empty and the question I
guess is you know whether these militias
will then let these Sunni communities
return and we're already hearing reports
of them being basically turned away from
their homes once the fighting is quiet
and down so it's a mix but
it's if you're a Sunni I think the Shia
militias are something to fear Ayatollah
say that is Sistani issue day it could
have conduct for the popular
mobilization forces to abide by did you
witness any violations and your travels
we didn't see any sort of obvious abuse
cases like I said many civilians in
areas we were just weren't there we did
speaks with the maggia militia group in
Anbar the yesiree their leader spoke
about this code of conduct that was
issued to them quite a lot and he was
very keen on pushing that it's saying
you know we don't touch their crops we
leave them we're not stealing from them
we're not using their homes to fighting
although that was that was untrue they
obviously were using some civilian
buildings to base their weapons and
their forces but we didn't see any overt
obvious cases of these sort of abuses or
these codes of conduct not being
followed but we did then see cases of
militias firing into villages that may
or may not have included civilians in
which office obviously that's if they
are civilians there that's a breach of
the Geneva Conventions
in Diallo we saw helicopters firing into
villages we were told by the militias on
the ground that they were clear of
civilians but we obviously couldn't
verify that if that was true or not so
there I think there are many sort of
these codes of conduct are being
followed in some places but I think when
it comes to the fighting those codes of
conduct disappear a little bit quickly
thank you no worries thanks for calling
in who have we got up next so next we
have Taif who's calling in from
washington DC okay
hi Thais thanks a lot for doing this
documentary personally I was a Baghdad
native it means a lot to me to see it
and I thought it's a great documentary
show it's great connection between these
militias and the Iraqi security forces
however what I felt like the documentary
did not show much is the civilian side
of the story that people who are
directly affected by the
compact between these militias and Isis
yeah so do you think that the
documentary does justice to covering the
human right issues and the humanitarian
crisis in Iraq because definitely for me
I don't want to see I don't want to hand
the future of my country to these
militias ya know we we definitely would
have liked to have spent more time
investigating that our main objectives
worth to first sort of meet these
militias see how they were fighting see
where they were fighting how they were
operating who's backing them and then we
definitely tried to spend as much time
then once we've got that kind of access
nailed down once we'd spent some time
with them and got these interviews to
try and see that other side like I said
into some previous questions we
difficult for us to meet civilians in
sort of active combat zones which is
then why we went to West Baghdad to try
and speak to some Sunni communities
about how they feel about these militias
operating in this area not only did they
take issue with the militias but they
also took issue with the government and
their use of barrel bombs in cities in
Anbar like Fallujah and Ramadi and I
think we've actually got a clip of a
chap that I had with a Sunni Imam who
clearly isn't happy with these militias
in being in those areas what do you
think of the Shia militias involvement
in the war against the Islamic state
how Arthur mom and be a solo ad Jolla
yeah I'll cut him when he was a look at
someone and ask for some bad got in
Wilson when I was you and have owner mr.
cocky when I was until I know where they
I had these I heard of them copy I know
some line up what have you so on top of
speaking to the Sunni Imam we then spoke
to someone from Human Rights Watch who'd
been compiling a report on these
militias I mean we date we don't the
militias had only been operating in that
in this conflict directly for for six
months when we were there so there were
human rights which was still sort of
gathering all this in
about abuses and speaking to as many
civilians as they can and obviously
since then we've seen a number of other
abuse cases and also recently for two
weeks ago within the last two weeks
sorry sort of it this this problem
between Sunnis and the Shia's and these
militias moving into the political
spectrum and you've got a counts a
member of the council representative
being kidnapped a Sunni member being
kidnapped by the militias his uncle
being killed and now there's a lot of
fights infighting within the government
about these new laws being passed
through the National Guard bill which
the militias are likely to future
heavily and so I mean we definitely like
to go back and sort of do more
investigation ourselves into these
militias and there so they call it the
codes of conduct no worries Thanks
calling in and here we go next we have
another tweet for you actually so so we
had somebody who wants to know how much
US weaponry you saw with the militias
and in your opinion how much of a threat
do these militias pose now that they
have American weaponry we didn't see
that much that sort of many American
weaponry some fighters were carrying
m16s and fours the sort of standard US
assault rifles but those are being
supplied to the Iraqi military so I
think there's a bit of trickle-down it's
definitely not a direct supply route we
have heard other groups though are being
able to obtain much heavier weaponry
that I think there's a couple weeks ago
could type Hezbollah another militia was
seen with a u.s. Abrams tank so that's a
bit more as a severe heavier weaponry
but for the most part what we saw was
mainly so your standard ak-47 assault
rifles a few American weapons thrown in
but we did see that sort of bigger
organizations like badder had a big
fleet of american-made Humvees which
again were being used by the Iraqi
security forces and obviously have been
passed down or sold on to the militias
to use to pet the threat they posed
earlier depends
what happens post Isis in Iraq whether
they sort of fully integrated into the
Iraqi military and they followed by
those sort of codes of conduct and the
Iraqi military has full control over
them or if that doesn't happen and they
take these weapons and then you've got
groups that are very well trained in
modern warfare with modern weaponry or
just weaponry that they have anyway but
American or not they do that if they
don't become part of the Iraqi military
then they obviously pose a lasting
threat to the stability of the country
and I think we've got one final thing is
that right yeah actually last thing of
the day right yeah at the spark so we've
got a video message that Hussein sent us
on skype so let's take a listen right
hello my name is antar I'm from Baghdad
Iraq New Jersey what we think has the
upper hand in the war right now Isis or
the she is in the Sunnis thank you how
that's a really hard question when we
were there it felt like at the time
there was a bit of a bit of a stalemate
between sort of the Iraqi security
forces and Isis the Islamic state
I think we're unlikely to see sort of
big scale attacks like which we saw in
the summer the fall of Mosul but we have
seen recently a number of large Isis
attacks on Kirkuk and some fighting
around the edges of Mosul and they're
still able to put up a very strong fight
down in Anbar as well but I mean I think
both sides sort of have periods of
momentum but I couldn't really say if
one side has the most obvious advantage
right now but what we are expecting is
there to be some sort of Spring
Offensive
by the Iraqi security forces and the
Kurdish Peshmerga forces in the north so
that if that's successful we could see
Isis lose a lot of territory over the
next coming months I think that's it
well yeah nr you made it to the end of
the show so good it's great to speak to
some people hear their opinions on the
film and and for some sort of things
back at them so yeah thanks very much
guys for sending in your questions be
great to do this again sometime
a couple of shots just got fired I'm not
sure whether it was the Isis fighters
certainly pretty close
the pins of mortar ancestor gotten
around no no now that was today
