it's Friday February 20th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
Muslim rebels have returned weapons
taken from Philippine Special Forces
killed during fighting in the rest of
South last month the leader of the Moro
Islamic Liberation Front or mi LF so the
gesture is proof the group is committed
to the ceasefire signed last year on
January 25th 44 police commandos died
during the first clashes with rebels in
nearly four years the incident cast
doubt on the possibility of lasting
peace in Mindanao the commandos were on
a mission to catch a fugitive Malaysian
bomb maker known as Marwan who is
suspected of involvement in the 2002
Bali bombings in Indonesia the rebels
maintained they acted in self-defense as
they weren't informed of the operation
which is a condition of the truce
ghanians are protesting against the
worst blackouts in a decade the
country's largest power producer doesn't
have enough natural gas to fuel its
plants the situation is no better at the
hydropower facilities electricity
companies are cutting power to homes and
factories a day or two at a time that's
fueled anger among families and
businesses alike
thousands marched in the capital Accra
on Wednesday many carrying TV sets and
other electronics on their heads
Ghana's Africa's second largest producer
of gold the crisis even has some mining
companies looking for buyers because of
a lack of reliable power Poland's smog
has become so bad that the --use highest
court could find the country more than a
billion dollars for failing to meet air
quality standards the city of Krakow is
among the most polluted in the world
that's especially true during the winter
when residents burn solid fuels like
coal to heat their homes releasing
harmful toxins into the air officials
say the pollution is turning into a
public health emergency responsible for
tens of thousands of deaths a year in
the coming days Poland's government is
expected to announce a new national air
protection program which would analyze
current conditions and propose solutions
to the problem
former Boko Haram captives have spoken
out about their ordeal nearly a month
after being released the militants freed
nearly two hundred hostages mostly women
and children taken in yabai stayed in
early January many of them told
authorities they were fed and unharmed
and were ordered to return to their
infidels because they refused to follow
the group's strict Islamic teachings
most of the captives received government
assistance following their release
because Boko Haram had torched their
homes in retaliation for a vigilante
raid on their fighters check out the
vice news YouTube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world where coal ash is
exposed to water the toxic substances in
coal ash leak out it's a - called
leaching out into the water and it can
travel through the environment I'm not
insinuating anything I'm actually
telling you that many of these advocacy
organizations don't tell the complete
picture
