the problem with burning coal as an
electricity source is if you continue to
burn coal
you're always going to continue to
produce a toxic by-product which is coal
I clash is a national problem it's funny
because people don't know that much
about it but it's it's huge it's pretty
ironic to me that right on the Duke
Energy monitoring well is closest to
this well they say that it's hazardous
and not suitable for drinking water I
couldn't hardly hear what they were
saying to me because I was replaying in
my mind every time I had fixed a jug of
kool-aid every time I had made a pot of
tea all I could think about is what have
I done what have I allowed my children
drink
in 2014 one of the worst environmental
disasters in the US occurred at a
coal-fired power plant in North Carolina
when a sudden breach sent up to 39,000
tons of toxic waste and 27 million
gallons of contaminated water into the
Dan River making it the third-largest
spill of its kind the waste known as
coal ash is what's left over when coal
is burnt for electricity and it contains
some of the worst carcinogens on the
planet but it's also what keeps our
lights on and has fueled the economy and
the infrastructure of this country for
more than a century according to the
Energy Information Administration
there are approximately 642 coal-fired
power plants across 48 states in the
u.s. today and where there's coal being
burned there's going to be coal ash our
years of dependence on coal as an energy
source has left us with millions of tons
of this pollutant and no one has come up
with a safe way to store it the Dan
River spill is the most recent reminder
of what can go wrong
this has caused controversy across the
country and international organizations
like the Waterkeeper Alliance are
battling with energy companies and the
US government to do more to address the
environmental and health risks coal ash
poses here in North Carolina where coal
ash has caused the most recent damage
the water keepers are fighting against
Duke Energy the largest utility company
in the country we're on the river North
Carolina looking out for some coal ash
ponds coal ash is the second largest
industrial waste stream in the United
States and it's a byproduct of coal and
carries heavy metals such as arsenic
chromium and lead so what are we looking
at right now this is Duke Energy's close
side power plant on the banks of the
Broad River
it's a coal burning power plant and the
problems with that are it discharges
coal ash into the Broad River
there's ponds across the state of North
Tryon at 14 power plants and all of them
fully the groundwater and everyone
that's been investigated is illegally
discharging toxic metals into area
waterways coal ash contains some 15
toxic heavy metals including many of the
most dangerous substances that naturally
occur on earth they have been known to
cause health issues ranging from asthma
to cancer burning coal is pretty costly
you know people say it's this great
cheap energy source it's really not when
you factor in the true cost of what coal
is and all of a sudden things like wind
and solar are a lot more affordable and
attractive they never have a solar spill
the reality is coal is still a vital
part of our everyday lives
it makes up 39 percent of our
electricity and is projected to hold
steady for the next decade so it's a
problem that isn't going away anytime
soon Kalash is a national problem it's
funny because people don't know that
much about it but it's it's huge because
coal ash is generated wherever we burn
coal in power plants then wherever we
have power plants that burn coal we have
coal ash so there is coal ash in well
upwards of 40 states in fact 47 states
across the u.s. deal with coal ash and
an estimated 113 million tons of
is generated every year storing that
waste has been the root cause of some of
the worst environmental disasters
including the largest coal ash spill in
history at a power plant in Tennessee
which made headlines across the country
people in Rowan County Tennessee still
aren't sure this evening just how bad a
disaster they are facing more than a
billion gallons of toxic sludge leaked
last Monday when a retention pond
crumbled outside this coal burning power
plant a lot of coal ash is stored in
what are called impoundments or ponds
these are obviously you know liquid
holding areas where coal ash has been
mixed with water
coal ash can also be stored dry in huge
mounds there are mountains of dry coal
ash in some parts of the country the
very worst way to deal with coal ash is
to let it to be exposed to water when
coal ash is exposed to water the toxic
substances in coal ash leak out it's
actually called leaching out into the
water and then can travel through the
environment think of it like making
coffee
you have your grounds you have your
water you pour the water on top of the
grounds the essence of coffee comes into
your cup that's lovely the essence of
coal ash is not lovely the essence of
kasha is extremely dangerous for years
environmentalists warned the next
Kingston spill could happen the big
spill to happen in the TVA damn Duke
Energy said that'll never happen this is
not dangerous we're not violating any
laws
this stuff's the same as dirt and then
you had the Dan River spill and it
turned out that all those people warning
of that were correct this stuff is
dangerous you can have these
catastrophic spills but regardless of a
catastrophic spill this dust pollutant
every single day it's polluting our
groundwater and our rivers the coal ash
leaks through the ponds into the soil
eventually making its way into the water
these leaks are known as seeps seep
seems to be a little bit of a misleading
name when you look at these they're kind
of like tiny tributaries leading down
into the river we've seen you know in
the Asheville power plant there's up to
a million gallons of
see so sleep is a little misleading
because when you add up a series of
these there's several more downstream
you get a pretty decent amount of
pollution illegally being discharged to
the broad river so behind us we see some
of these kind of rusty metal pipes that
seem to really lead to nowhere do you
know anything about them I've been by
here before and seeing coal ash seeps
coming out of the pipes we've tested
them we found this whole Bank here is
really high in toxic heavy metals
particularly arsenic was almost 30 times
the water quality standard for North
Carolina and they do not have a permit
to discharge arsenic into the broad
river right here so these are a
violation the Clean Water Act
Duke has challenged these findings and
it's clear that the power company and
the Waterkeeper Alliance don't see
eye-to-eye but according to North
Carolina State all fourteen power plants
tested have had groundwater
contamination violations speaking to
Erin Culbert a spokesperson for Duke
Energy it seemed the discrepancy was in
the relevance of these findings there
are some times when we have slight
exceedences of permit requirements but
it's very infrequent I think that really
at the heart of all of this is a belief
on the behalf of some advocacy
organizations that the amount the
industry can release is zero at the
bottom of it though you both are still
dealing with these facts mm-hmm where
where is the disconnect here I will say
that much of the information that I have
seen from the advocacy groups is true to
a point but they do have a habit of
exaggerating things they do have a habit
of mischaracterizing things and that's
unfortunate because playing on the
emotion of neighbors around our
facilities is is not right so are you
insinuating that these advocacy
organizations may not be telling the
truth here or always not telling the
truth here
I am not insinuating anything I'm
actually telling you that many of these
advocacy organizations don't tell the
complete picture so that's why it's
important to have an open dialogue so
that folks can hear information from
multiple sources and make good decisions
on their own
to get the complete picture for
ourselves we meet up with Donna from the
Waterkeeper Alliance as she takes us
through the process of testing a well at
residence sherry gobbles home so the
bottle comes prefixed with a
preservative
it's evidence sealed at the lab and for
the first time in the field I'll break
this seal and then collect the
hexavalent chromium sample the gobbles
well is near the Duke Energy buck plant
and it's just 237 feet away from the
largest unlined coal ash pond in the
area well it's pretty ironic to me that
right on the Duke Energy monitoring well
is closest to this well they say that
it's hazardous and not suitable for
drinking water because this well is
deeper than the ash ponds if you believe
that water flows downhill and can flow
237 feet then the potential is for the
groundwater contamination out of that
leaking coal ash pond to travel just 237
feet to this well when we tested at this
well earlier this year we found both
total chromium and hexavalent chromium
in this well hexavalent chromium is a
known carcinogen that can lead to health
issues from irritation of the nose and
throat to cancer and birth defects when
the Waterkeeper Alliance tested this
well in April they found the hexavalent
chromium levels at 4.6 parts per billion
and while the EPA is set the maximum
contaminant level for chromium at 100
parts per billion the incredible
toxicity of the carcinogen has led many
to argue that nothing over point zero
two is safe
your house is so beautiful thank you
this is the living room seems like you
have a straight view yes yes this is
what we see every day now when we first
built this house the trees were not dead
like they are now it didn't look this
bad when did you first start testing
your well when the Dane River spill
happened my husband and I kind of looked
at each other and said hmm should we be
concerned here you know our neighbors
down the road had already been talking
with River keepers and water keepers and
called us and told us you know they were
concerned maybe you need to think about
having your well tested so that's when
the water keepers came and tested our
whale and we got the news we got that we
have hexavalent chromium in our whale I
just remember shock feeling shock and I
couldn't hardly hear what they were
saying to me because I was replaying in
my mind every time I had fixed a jug of
kool-aid every time I had made a pot of
tea I was picturing in my mind so I
really couldn't even pay attention to
what they were saying because as a mom
all I could think about is what have I
done what what if what have I allowed my
children to drink and and just sheer
fear when I like for me after the
gobbles found out their drinking water
was contaminated they decided to stop
using it entirely this is the kitchen I
do a lot of cooking and of course we use
bottled water for about everything now
bathing brushing teeth everything yeah
quite an adjustment it is it is it's
hard because you don't um you don't
realize
you know what you're missing until you
can't use it anymore and then you have
to figure out a new way of doing things
part of the reason why they decide to
stop using the well water is the high
rate of illnesses in the neighborhood
because we just don't have enough
scientific evidence to know what the
effects of hexavalent chromium are and
I'm not going to point directly at the
calash but I'm going to tell you I have
my concerns and I wonder how this
happened but we do have a son that has a
birth defect a neurological birth defect
the first place on that and I do wonder
if this affected him because there are
other birth defects in our community so
your mama said that a lot of people in
this neighborhood get nosebleeds do you
ever get no sweets yeah a lot I just had
um like yesterday your day before that I
had like three or four in one day how
does that make you feel to know that
there are heavy metals in the top water
well it kind of makes me feel like wow
that's you know thus shocking it was
shocking at first to learn that and to
it kind of made me like sad and angry at
the same time that they didn't tell us
listen to him say that just pricks tears
smiles it just man
it's one thing when it pecks you don't
want to pick your children this whole
different thing a few of these neighbors
are concerned to the point that they
don't even use the water in their homes
anymore I have heard that yes what is
the response to that it's a challenge
because industries are regulated in such
a way that they can release constituents
to creeks and rivers but they have to do
so within limits and then there's others
who believe that you shouldn't be able
to release anything at all you know I
can touch coal ash you know I could
interface with it we have folks who work
with it obviously at our facilities it's
it's not corrosive to the skin it
wouldn't cause you any skin issues you
could simply wash it off like you would
dirt in December 2014 the EPA made its
first-ever ruling on coal ash officially
classifying it as a non hazardous
material which means it can be treated
pretty much the way we treat everyday
garbage and leaves utilities like Duke
Energy to police themselves the industry
has a pretty poor record in terms of um
monitoring in terms of safety systems
and now increasingly in terms of cases
that are known to have created real
risks for human beings by allowing
liquid leakage or other contamination
outside of the utility property I don't
see a record on the part of utilities
that would inspire me to say great let's
let them handle this problem now and
into the future the new ruling means
dealing with coal ash falls squarely on
the shoulders of the state and its
residents in Pennsylvania a state with
the most coal plants and coal ash in the
country the problem has become more
important than ever so some people are
turning to litigation in order to hold
the utilities responsible and in the
case of the largest coal ash pond in the
country they're actually winning behind
me is little blue run which is the
largest coal ash impoundment in the u.s.
poorly disguised as a lake with this
unnatural
Oh blue color they showed us this
beautiful leg that looked like a nice
state park it had a motorboat on it with
a girl wands water skis it just looked
like a great place they explained that
we would have almost lakefront property
because we only live about a mile and a
half from it so we're pretty excited
about that
but over the years things went south
