it's Wednesday February 18 and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
representatives from Molly's government
and rebel factions are participating in
another round of peace negotiations
aimed at ending decades of separatist
uprisings in the north fighting in the
West African country recently escalated
prompting UN forces to strike rebel
positions the violence has sparked worry
that the northern region is still a wash
with armed groups despite French
military intervention
Mali's un special envoy says he's
hopeful this is the last stage of
negotiations and that a deal could be
reached in the coming weeks the
Sunderbans are home to a growing number
of climate refugees anecdotal evidence
suggests that 7,000 people are already
displaced because they have lost their
islands warmer global temperatures and
shifting weather patterns are causing
sea levels to rise and storms to
intensify across the region as a result
swollen rivers and monsoon rains are
washing away fragile embankments built
to protect coastal villages this has
forced entire communities to relocate
repeatedly and most of their residents
live on much less than a dollar a day
experts say the Sunderbans will be a
crucial model for other areas especially
small island nations where people have
nowhere else to escape
Colombian FARC rebels have promised to
stop recruiting child soldiers
negotiators who attended the latest
peace talks with the government say 13
fighters under the age of 15
would soon be discharged and that the
recruitment age would be raised to 17
the rebel group has accused the
Colombian military of also using minors
to bolster its ranks the two sides have
been working on a peace deal since
November 2012 The Associated Press has
employed these computer servers to
accomplish what's a tedious and
stressful process of number crunching
for any business journalist last summer
the news agency partnered with automated
insights a tech company that uses
algorithms to convert data into reports
in a matter of seconds that's allowed
the AAP to publish 3,000 earnings
reports a quarter and with far fewer
errors than the ones produced by humans
in the past but that doesn't mean
writers are getting the axe the news
agency says it just frees them up to
think more critically about what the
numbers mean check out the bright news
YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world I feel very bad to see you
know like innocent people with albinism
war who are now suffering in
discrimination suffering killings and
attacks we have to be protected we are
human being don't kill us
