yo gz multi-use Yogi's rush is the
threat not only to Ukraine but also old
Eastern European countries they broke
all the international laws with Crimea
when they have an accident it can't be
just cut down with the pistols
it's now been three weeks since the dnr
started their winter offensive which has
claimed the lives of at least 340
soldiers and civilians whilst more peace
talks are being discussed the DNR been
building up forces along the demarcation
lines outside of the strategically
important city of Mariupol we're heading
to the village of chamalla on the front
lines with the de niro one battalion to
see how they're preparing for a possible
DNR assault the United States over the
past couple of days have been talking
about the possibility of arming the
Ukrainians with heavy weapons
communications equipment and
surveillance equipment like drones and
UAVs but instead of waiting for that to
happen volunteers in Ukraine have been
building their own drones to the
Ukrainian military to use to gain an
advantage over the dnr at us sovereignty
which nee-sama wrote Petrovsky
Roberto Sam mr. Brad Neuberg of revelant
Ortiz Sam in Parsippany Middle East
Oh hiroshi Letran cheeky yarmulke mr.
Brawley cheeky no bother yes sir
taxes for kicks la la la drama chances /
GG forgiveness at the cactus De La Palma
Ruben
you're one wall on walnuts Madrid not do
that it's down pretty smooth landing
oh nice nice job yeah I think this is
right - in video Riccio prominent video
una puta y más que taught me at
Roberta's astana noble Deutsche Brazos
Kia na Bleu de Chile
matera Rosetta Kia lemme see Chile
Barcia problem of Akina be really cheap
Atomos dope Astana Pedraza up stealing
SPO boos no estará may see me as nice
riccelli kotori's issued an immediate
novice champa tour discos pastrami soy
cheese chicken on Oprah most awesomest
amoebas a my vigilic oh no Co lechera
Rokita Palmer Evo polio so what happens
ft Ukrainians lose the city of Mariupol
Sam are you podium a suburban
mashido neck punt okay okay prayin of
purchase cuñado
oh no te puedo Maria pretas no no a poor
men punt Couture a Mossad prick Enoch o
priest is a hwacha toreador crema Musa
yeah
Oh smooches kayfun de esto de matar
resolve a coq au lait at remote arch
Illyria miss Micelli pesto you prosto
snitching lot o subbu strain each lobe
we passed a note on chest a anastomosis
going through the footage you could see
that the DNR had moved up a number of
new tanks and armored vehicles into the
village just across the river and so it
seems like the DNR building up their
forces here we're now going to go on a
little mini patrol with one of the
fighters to show us the damage from the
shelling not super beautiful in the
Milkman's model quite a few shell holes
here alright as a unexploded shell love
dinner at eartha notice the basmati
Dorota movie no tornado cheaper similar
Road opus Tiana notices the boys here
have emptied out a bag of the shrapnel
that they've been collecting from the
shell craters dotted around the village
it's a mainly mortar things like this
and there's a couple of other bigger
pieces that could be from grads it's a
pretty depressing that this is now a
legitimate hobby for children in eastern
Ukraine was it was funny but I mean it I
mean it they were a little lot of time
just turns around and they show the
little bullets over the Taylor
residential Suzanne so did they
understand is shelling a village with
pretty much of just okay school just
the dinero FATCA to the one conscious
fear no matter you not the touch when
you sedation she would push boo to crazy
 I jump we see God
let's go of shampoo to clean special
boutique how option still a little
Needleman this is the viscosity district
of the Ukrainian controlled port city of
Mariupol which has long been a target
for the dnr two weeks ago the dnr
shelled this city for the first time
killing 30 civilians and wounding 90
others this is one of the shell craters
in the Vostochny district it's basically
a few feet from a children's playground
none of these shells file into the city
actually hit any military targets one of
the theories is that the dnr basically
missed their target their firing grants
which are notoriously inaccurate and
ended up hitting this residential
district another theory bit more
controversial is that they purposely
fired into this residential district in
an attempt to force the civilians to
flee so they could attack essentially an
empty city but obviously that never
happened and the people didn't leave
we're in a central Mary poll where Lenin
statue used to be before it's pulled
down this morning
there's meant to be an anti mobilization
protest people unhappy with Ukraine's
plans to mobilize people to fight in
eastern Ukraine many people are against
that but what's happened instead is that
a couple of hundred pro Ukrainian
protesters have turned up early so it's
very unlikely now that will see this
anti mobilization CCG Dada
Toby pathway actua na Mario Perelli boos
Masto moto ho - yamo Zara's partisans
case a whole new democracy gieta yok
shoe misspoke or Isaiah tur Domo Domo
protégée at a ballet keeping this
terrorist territory next to Ukraine it
will be the same situation as in Israel
and Palestine will be on the constant
threat so the only one solution now is
to take control over the
russian-ukrainian border to bring
international military mission there
just to lock the weather because without
Russian supply all this story will end
up in couple of weeks Russia is the
threat obviously not only to Ukraine but
also Eastern European countries and this
problem should be solved somehow they
broke all the international laws with
Crimea when they have annexed it it
can't be just you know cut down with the
peace talks I'm afraid a few months ago
the Dnieper battalion were absorbed into
the interior ministry so as well as
fighting on the front lines they also
helped provide security in Ukrainian
controlled towns and cities tonight
they're going to take us on one of their
security patrols around merry Polish
national Buddha a significant storm web
my building batoon Kotori considered
pegado a minnetonka know who use of
automobile a auto enthusiasts gnarly
Cyprian police yes some decent runic
Melissa yeah do not let me listen to the
Shia pop Albertini poster kakuzu listen
when you tie me lead circuit or SDS name
is Stefano Stata millet sector J's
nanostation OPA Grado of corruption up
Agrella resist a bomb on Angela Oh Toby
Scott Rome emotions DHA miss bistra East
Roscoe's do
watch as Natasha wasn't zammeti model
chick attica bakunawa
but as button your students shop into
the first - yes so the DeNiro guys have
stopped it's the guy in the street you
didn't have to suspicious just walking
down the road smoking a cigarette but uh
since this is what they do
or taking details of people they stop
which is a little bit suspect collecting
a database of just innocent civilians
but uh they believe that this is
necessary to ensure the safety of this
city which is so close to the DNR lines
and obviously it's a main target for the
dnr so one of the main fears is
supporters of the DNR when infiltrating
the city to cause problems but this guy
just looks like he was on his way to a
friend's house on his way home pretty
innocent really just model chicken we
pass Martin does not really know what
digital model she like no problem bud um
oi t don't need a super model cetera so
this EBG me on shows attrition offers
varlamovitch nureugi hidden version
then I did in taxi above Nath Nath is a
PD says the stoma da na pas de leche
napadas ignatow constant shear so don't
prepare koalas a million is nobody right
serious debate our Misaki mood yesterday
thomna producer Park Enoch at which new
dog named mr. glazier salad
bullet parity me Musti the year act the
whole session directed
Patrizio schoolmaster furthermore I am a
victim Institute
concorda Josefina janessa crystalloid
ammonia washes most Pro Bowler on such
as dizziness fibrosis right supported on
Ian a CB artists nests to the Radisson a
grouper denier no bloggers to Pastor
Dali
a loser this is exactly what the patrols
by the DeNiro battalion are trying to
stop if more of these attacks are
allowed to happen
then it makes Mary put a lot weaker and
lot easier for the DNR to take when they
attack it
you
