it's Friday February 13 and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines 12
Taliban militants have been detained for
their suspected involvement in a school
massacre last December Pakistan's army
has coordinated with Afghan authorities
to apprehend the remaining members of
the cell implicated in the attack which
left 150 people dead most of the
children six suspects remain at large
and officials say nine of them killed
my aunt Maura hinga Muslims won't be
allowed to participate in an upcoming
referendum following protests by
Buddhist nationalists on Tuesday the
government agreed to grow an ID cards
and temporary voting rights to ethnic
minorities as part of the citizenship
application process but members of the
Buddhist majority protested the decision
in Yangon and hours later the government
backtracked
and announced the ID cards would expire
before the proponents vote my Ann Mar
has for years been under pressure to
introduce political reforms and improve
its treatment of more than 1.3 million
stateless and persecuted wranger people
our garrier ranks lowest in the EU for
press freedom and the prospect of change
looks grim in recent months the
financial regulatory authority has fined
newspaper and media outlets for running
stories related to corporate finance and
the banking sector they were penalized
again for refusing to reveal their
sources the government says they
committed market manipulation but
members of the media say it's evidence
of censorship watchdogs have criticized
Bulgaria for making it difficult for
journalists to do their jobs
the world's largest human migration is
underway more than four hundred and
sixty-six million people are headed home
to celebrate the Chinese New Year some
cities have launched special trains for
migrant workers who make up about a
third of the travelers the spring
festival begins next Thursday and the
travel rush is expected to last through
March 16th
check out the Vice News YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries around the world
