the militias are kind of taking over
it's not really the government leading
militias it's the other way around Iran
from the beginning of Iraq's war with
the Islamic state vice news traveled to
Iraq to meet the Shia militias fighting
on the front lines to defend their
country side Hamid our yesiree leader of
Ansar al magia a relatively new militia
from southern Iraq agreed to take us to
the front lines and Anbar province an
Islamic state stronghold just west of
Baghdad Jennifer Kennedy TNT well-fitted
another fall in the collapse the Iraqi
army after the capture of Mosul the
Islamic state advance swiftly south
taking 1/3 of the country before forcing
Iraq's Shia militias to step in and halt
the push on Baghdad we arrived in the
countryside outside of the town of a
marital Fallujah that been seized from
the Islamic state by the maggia in the
last six months fighting is however
still constant in areas like this are a
key obstacle to the Islamic states march
on Baghdad
so this is the amorite bridge that runs
over the river euphrates the bridge used
to run to a marat al Fallujah further
down the road but when Isis were pushed
out of this position they packed it full
of c-4 explosives and blew the bridge to
slow down the maggia fighters this area
around here is all Sunni which you'd
expect there would be problems between
the Sunnis and the Shia volunteers but
actually the sheer volunteers here fight
alongside some of the Sunni tribes here
to stop Isis attacks in the area
how's Owen my support in M&S tomorrow
Amaya tada in multiple oh I'll do it at
the monitor Harrier kundan minato leave
Manhattan oh sure how could not repeat
allah and me it's not a high school it's
you're from a Sunni tribe have the
government been helping you with weapons
and finance to help you guys defend this
area I'm gonna die masala dosa by the
sea Allah shall know Godzilla so madam
so honey acaba the higher self or not
yessiree heard that the Islamic state
advancing on one of the maggia positions
and that a firefight had broken out so
we made our way there to see the close
quarters fighting for ourselves
so according to the the fighters here
Isis are only a couple of hundred meters
away and this position here comes under
attack every day Isis try and move
through the palm groves to attack the
trenches and the buildings here but also
attack them with mortars
things like 'mom faster than saying the
main figures in the shitty religion I
guess it's a way to essentially troll
Isis heavy machine-gun distress and RPGs
against Isis positions this is literally
the very front line the global fight
against the Islamic state it's pretty
funny but this is what these guys do day
in day out here fighting against the
Islamic state and they're getting very
little support from the outside world
and even their own government back at
the base the fighters were jubilant to
return without any casualties Connor
Tito jihadis Allah Naomi and max ever
see the Sistani become well massage be
artha Holly Hayden monadic yakuman
massage Colonel Hammond I will Allah the
asana of Satna be in Virginia
Yeji and to Cheryl ha ha ha
will do L&T job as the ha to German
model and Sheila Hale Madrid a fan as
well had Sarah album dependent Akana
becomes me at elephants behalf Eamonn
Union and voluminous generally Nepal the
total of Demma and Demma account well II
never
Idina the ad home leave Arpad Hill
haircut a secretarial her ability the
magi edge is one of many militias
fending off the threat of the Islamic
state in Iraq following the capture of
Mosul by the Islamic state Ayatollah
Sistani the most important Shia cleric
in Iraq called on all able-bodied Iraqis
to help defend the country in the
following weeks tens of thousands of men
joined a number of different militias
some backed by Iran and some with a
history of sectarian abuses we traveled
south to Karbala home of two of the most
sacred shrines and Shia Islam to see
what many of the militias are fighting
to protect
so this is the Ihara al-husseini which
is the compound in karbala that contains
the two shrines to imam abbas and imam
hussain there were two brothers and
grandsons of the Prophet Muhammad who
were martyred in the seventh century in
the Battle of Karbala
making Karbala the most holiest of
cities for Shia Muslims which also makes
it a prime target for Isis fighters
currently it's Muharram which is sort of
a holy time commemorating the death of
the two brothers and there's millions of
pilgrims come here during this period
you've got lots of people here even
sleeping overnight at the shrines lots
of Iranians come by bus over the border
through Iraq
it's a massive complex thousands of
people come here and pray everyday but
despite the massive threat that Isis
posed people don't seem to be put off at
all
if the Islamic state were able to attack
Karbala and reignite the sunni-shia
conflict the state of Iraq itself could
be a jeopardy with the breakup of Iraq
into smaller sectarian states a genuine
possibility which makes the Shia
militias role in protecting the shrines
and roots of the pilgrims appear all the
more vital we traveled to the west of
Samara home to another important Shia
shrine where haricot new Jabbar and
militia comprised of veterans of the
Shia insurgency against the United
States were involved in heavy clashes
with the Islamic state the day before
it's got to be one of the more dangerous
roads I've ever traveled on there's
hardly any traffic and the roadside is
littered with burnt-out and destroyed
vehicles we're having to travel very
fast in between the checkpoints because
the road is constantly targeted by
mortar and sniper fire so this is a new
Jabbar position they control the west
side of Samara along the highway towards
Tikrit on the road we came up here you
can see a lot of craters in the road the
fighters were saying they were remnants
of IEDs that Isis left behind and do you
find it weird then that you're
essentially fighting on the same side of
the Americans now the fighters here
saying that yesterday one of the ISIS
pickup trucks with the heavy machine gun
mounted on top was using this area as a
firing position to hit their troops
further down the road the fighters also
say that they use the dooshka heavy
machine guns which can also hit aircraft
and helicopters to target the Iraqi army
helicopters that patrol the road
covering the pilgrims moving to Samara
and they're moving from Samara down to
Karbala
so the new Jabbar fighters are saying at
this little farmhouse here was where
Isis were camping out over the past few
days using it to launch attacks on their
positions
further east they saying that when the
new Jabbar fought back they retreated
inside the farmhouse and you can see
bullets smashed up the walls here they
mash to hit a couple of Isis guys some
body armor here covered in blood this is
where the Isis sniper was taking
position and they're saying they managed
to get him I killed him just by Islamic
state enforcing a no smoking ban across
their so-called caliphate
lots of a cigarette butts around here
now a couple of shots just got fired I'm
not sure whether it was the Isis
fighters certainly pretty close the fins
of mortar ancestor gotten around no no
no this now that was today
because the fighters here fear that Isis
have got snipers watching this position
we had to essentially sprint from the
last farmhouse to this one whilst they
provided covering fire there now
basically prepping on water there's a
guy in the roof in the farmhouse behind
him checking to see where the mortar
landed and then telling him to adjust
the distance to make sure they hit the
target you can actually see the smoke
from that one it's very close with what
appears to be direct hits on the Islamic
state positions we begin to move back
towards the new Jabbar HQ the new job
our fighters are saying this is where
Isis treated their wounded in the battle
over the past couple of days so they've
now obviously since fled and the new
Jabbar have destroyed half the building
though we can't see that much evidence
of any sort of medical equipment being
used or bandages or anything like that
this was clearly someone's home at some
point now it's been destroyed it'd be a
long time before the civilians in this
area will be able to return
with many thousands of Iraqi civilians
displaced by the fighting we traveled to
Baghdad to see the fallout from the
militias war against Islamic state
we've come here to West Baghdad to meet
some Sunni families from Anbar who fled
a combination of Isis attacks Shia
militia abuses and indiscriminate barrel
bombings by the Iraqi army they a lot of
these families come here to this mosque
to receive food and medical aid donated
privately because the government
basically isn't helping them alone yeah
an official 300 shot to show you four
Anna's nazar
well elephant Lujan Anbar Meza had a
suburb run for - she come home more
Giuliani what do you think of the Shia
militias involvement in the war against
the Islamic state
well ahem I saw how our tamam and we a
solo at Jolla we are cutting or nah he
was at a time when and asked for some
bad a dozen Wilson be firmer JA he was
remarkable and Hunico naci√≥n Haruna mr.
cocky wanna cut when I wasn't aware they
are hadiza one misdemeanor Adam Katya
Nigel earnest a line of adavi do you
think these attacks by the government
the indiscriminate bombing and the
abuses carried out by the Shia militias
do you think that will drive some people
to join Isis and fight for them Janna
sha'ban mu'azzam Miss Elodie era but
Wally Dakota not one of the possible -
not even a slight you cannot eat Syria
Mahad hominy sermonette invalid well
hakuna matata edge
foria Luminara mama da ta la la mesa
luna
lana malikan nananana so t under taganas
and mohammed al and took to be a smart
idea was mar musa Nia
despite the successes the militias have
had in combat in the Islamic state
various reports surfaced documenting
abuses carried out by the militias who
largely remain outside of the
government's control
we met with someone from Human Rights
Watch who wished to remain anonymous for
fear their safety and returning to Iraq
we've seen very primal issues once the
hearing area of Isis they then go back
you know to the villages that they've
cleared and any civilians that are left
there they expel from the villages new
doctor into widespread burning and
destruction of homes that's something
that we've recorded in literally every
single place where militias are leading
the fight against Isis in some instances
we have documented them carrying out
summary executions of people afterwards
there's definitely different spheres
that control that he can alter house but
the ones that we've documented that the
most most abuses by are definitely
better organization which now the the
Hat is better organization in the Hadi
Army used to be erupt Transport Minister
he's an extremely powerful figure and
he's essentially acting with total
impunity now it's not really the
government leading militias it's the
other way around
we're on our way to Diallo province to
meet Hardy a marine figure who possibly
epitomizes the controversial nature of
the Shia militias involvement in the war
against the Islamic state
Amory's a former anti Saddam guerrilla
fighter who's had been accused of
running death squads during the
sectarian civil conflict eight years ago
but now heads up the batterer
organization a political party with its
own militia that's considered to be one
of the strongest and most powerful in
the country the batterer organization
has been responsible for a string of
successes against the Islamic state but
also have been accused of a number of
abuses against Sunni communities in
areas they control
with Amory given overall control of the
military operation in Diala we met up
with him as his forces alongside the
Iraqi army were constructing a road
through the province to relieve besieged
militias further north the adjacent led
how do I handle a moment as a field if
you had this isn't the other my sister
my schedule our life yeah if everyone in
the whole defect facility Sistani I'll
get over - what you have to say we dildo
we've seen pictures of custom sulemani
visiting you and your forces around
Emily is Iran continuing to help you in
this fight against Isis here
no the diamond analyst a couple a lot be
- I hate him I never had Jamie no lady
in a cart we still have to see you
justly and he's and Dominic a legit
wanna show that a tad Mart
a lot of people fear presence of some of
the sheer volunteer units and Sunni
areas and there have been abuses
recorded by some of your forces and
others how do you explain those abuses
and how do you make sure that they're
not going to happen again a shara an
ocelot ever Sinestro's an abuser aloo
Matar mr. Dean and macaca mulatta
Morocco military Muhammad - for water
hydrogen gotta go help Yami la muchacha
de f√™te de Ferreira Marat Marat on phone
you do agree another Oh Tallulah
I am a young age a Adamo must be a
bloodthirsty of the hakumen of raggedy
salmon Allah Allah Allah Allah so mean -
the delicate in an effort whenever a
sturdy when acted in an open with
elaborate net and
jimena by the hydrogen Coulomb put on
the watch hiding it away
yeah and that offended her coma in the
hard you know SD heart AHA but identical
inattentive ha ha is it and if it could
be at all
nuni the home being a woman at home
Asli the Kabbalah I see dick
it's quite stunning that Iraq finds
itself in the situation that it
currently does the despite the billions
of dollars spent on the Iraqi army but
the government has had to align a number
of different militias and volunteer
groups some of whom have already
committed a number of abuses to help
defend the country Baghdad may be
relatively safe but millions of Iraqis
are still at the mercy of the Islamic
state with the war progressing slowly
and the militias only growing in power
there is a good chance that they could
become a threat to Iraq's fragile
Secretariat and political balance it's
gonna continue to spread it's fun to
continue to become more polarized watch
the carrion there's a good chance that
we'll see where every rock
you
