it's Thursday February 12th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
Serbia is boosting border patrols to try
to bring a massive exodus of illegal
migrants under control over the past few
months thousands of kosovo albanians
have trekked across serbia to reach the
hungarian border their gateway to the EU
a number of Afghan Syrians and Iraqis
are also among them nearly a thousand
migrants are apprehended every day
the vast majority of migrants are
fleeing poverty and unemployment and
they're making the journey now because
travel restrictions barring them from
entering Serbia were recently lifted
Sudan's government has denied
allegations that troops committed mass
rape in Darfur last October Human Rights
Watch released a report at the UN on
Wednesday that documents a 36-hour
attack on the village of favit during
which at least 221 women and girls are
said to have been raped the
investigation drew upon dozens of
first-hand accounts as well as
confessions from two soldiers
authorities allegedly detained and
tortured residents for coming forward
Foreign Minister Ali Eknath Khadse has
said the claims were fabricated to keep
people in refugee camps so aid agencies
could keep receiving donations dozens of
drug addicts in Iran's capital have a
safe place to turn to at the shoosh
drop-in centre into her on South nearly
200 addicts shuffle and daily for a meal
a shower and if need be medical
attention the nearly 40 of them who are
homeless are given shelter on cold
winter nights drop-in centers were once
seen as junky hangouts but the
government is grown to appreciate the
critical services they offer drug
addiction is not a new problem in Iran
and harsh laws have failed to reduce
narcotics use cocaine and ecstasy are
popular party favors among the young and
the wealthy in recent years cheap and
widely available crystal meth has
exploded on the drug scene and officials
warn heroin is quickly taking over
Cambodian teenagers should stop using
Valentine's Day as an opportunity to
drop their pants at least that's what
the country's Education Minister says in
a statement released on Tuesday hang
chunder on urged teachers to remind
their adolescent students that handing
out flowers and chocolate is an
expression of love and friendship not a
tool to pressure young women to give up
their virginity the government believes
Valentine's Day has over time been
distorted by young people in the deeply
conservative country the minister said
that anything beyond a platonic
application of the holiday was a
violation of Cambodian culture
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world if
you continue to burn cold you're always
going to continue to produce a toxic
by-product which is coal ash
there's ponds across the state of North
Carolina at 14 power plants and everyone
that's been investigated is illegally
discharging toxic metals into area
waterways
