it's Tuesday February 10 and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines the
haitian capital has been hit by another
round of anti-government protests over
fuel prices riot police fired tear gas
at striking public transport workers in
port-au-prince on monday protest leaders
urged residents to stay off the streets
for the duration of their 48-hour strike
the government reduced gas prices by 37
cents a gallon after public transport
workers first walked off the job last
week but more than sixty percent of
Haitians live on two dollars a day so
for 25 a gallon is still outrageous
protesters are demanding a price drop to
two dollars a gallon Prime Minister
Yvonne's Paul says it's not that the
government doesn't want to cut prices
it's that it can't the impoverished
Caribbean nation is obliged to pay off
some 1.5 billion dollars in fuel debt to
Venezuela thousands of leaked secret
documents allege the Swiss arm of
British bank HSBC allowed and possibly
encouraged its rich customers to conceal
their accounts and evade taxes in 2008
former employee of a fault Johnny fled
to France where he turned in five hard
drives of internal bank data authorities
discovered evidence of nearly 120
billion dollars in accounts that
belonged to royalty drug and arms
dealers celebrities dictators and other
wealthy clients hsbc has admitted to
wrongdoing but claims it's undergone a
radical transformation since the period
in question the bank is no stranger to
scandal in 2012 the US government find
HSBC 1.9 billion dollars from money
laundering the number of Ebola
infections in Guinea has doubled over
the past week because health workers are
finally able to reach remote parts of
the country where they weren't allowed
before around three dozen villages in
the south and the Western forest region
where the outbreaks first case was
recorded were previously inaccessible
until recently health workers and
volunteers face the threat of violence
or were chased out making it impossible
to locate people who showed symptoms
last month guineas government set a
60-day target to wipe the disease out
but as long as residents distrust health
workers and continue unsafe burial
rituals the march goal seems unlikely
these Stockholm office employees have
let work get under their skin implanted
in their hands are tiny microchips that
give them the power to complete everyday
tasks with a simple wave you can open
doors using your chip you can do secure
printing from a printers with the chip
but you can also communicate with your
mobile phone by sending your business
card to individuals that you made the
radio frequency ID chips are about the
size of a grain of rice and are injected
with a syringe that may have made some
people a little queasy at first it felt
pretty scary but at the same time it
feels felt very modern very 2015 Patrick
Masterton co-founder and CEO of the
office complex employing the technology
says it's voluntary completely safe and
claims that privacy isn't a concern
because the chips can't be tracked check
out the vice news YouTube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
considering the hell already XL the
beach yet but could she help lead
English in secluded back nope the floppy
ed could manage or manic hope is gone up
daddy for Sunday a yellow
you
