it's Tuesday February 3rd and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines at
least one person is dead and a teen
wounded in northern Nigeria after a
female suicide bomber detonated a car
packed with explosives near the site of
a presidential campaign rally President
Goodluck Jonathan had just left the
venue in the city of Gombe where twin
suicide attacks left at least five dead
a day earlier military
Boko Haram has vowed to disrupt the
upcoming national elections on February
14th the International Criminal Court
plans to send a team to Nigeria before
the vote ahead of an expected surge in
violence
some school teachers in northwest
Pakistan are carrying more than just
their lesson plans these days the
government has granted them permission
to carry concealed firearms after
Taliban militants stormed a school in
Peshawar last December and massacred
dozens of students many educators warned
arming teachers is no solution but
others say it's starting to feel like
their only option local officials are
now focused on training teachers how to
safely and effectively use their guns
should they need to respond to future
attacks
it's not safe to breathe in most of
China's big cities nearly 90% of cities
monitored for air pollution didn't meet
national safety standards last year
government officials say the latest
numbers are an improvement in 2013 and
reflect efforts to battle the smog such
as cutting coal consumption and making
factories run more efficiently but
China's smoke doesn't stay put in a
matter of months the air pollution can
travel through the atmosphere and
blanket entire continents
Americans are fitting their young
children packaged foods that contain
alarming amounts of salt and sugar
putting them at risk of obesity and
other health problems that's according
to a study by the Centers for Disease
Control and Prevention which looked at
more than a thousand popular brands of
meals and snacks marketed for infants
and toddlers a trade group representing
a number of manufacturers says the
findings don't reflect the current range
of options because they're based on data
from 2012 researchers say the study
includes the most comprehensive data
available but they do acknowledge that
there have been improvements
check out the Vice News YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world I
think the best ways to create a European
policy of reception of the people and to
have some standards everywhere and the
only thing that this happening needs to
have more deaths and more traumatized
people
