it's Monday februari second and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines a
suicide bomb attack has left at least
six people dead in central damascus an
area rarely targeted in Syria's ongoing
civil war Al qaeda-linked rebel group
the nusrah front claimed responsibility
for the blast which ripped through a bus
carrying Lebanese Shiite pilgrims on
Sunday officials reportedly diffused a
second bomb planted on the bus before
detonated Lebanon shyam militant group
Hezbollah denounced the attack on the
pilgrims were on a tour of religious
sites Bangladesh is government has
formed a committee to investigate a
factory in the capital Dhaka after a
fire left more than a dozen people dead
on Saturday the five-person team has
been tasked for determining whether the
plastic packaging factory had a proper
operating license and fire safety
equipment and procedures many of the
bodies pulled out of the building were
charred beyond recognition three people
are being treated for serious burn
injuries at a local hospital the blaze
is the latest in a series of incidents
that have highlighted the appalling
conditions factory workers face in the
country
police in the Indian city of Delhi our
training girls to defend themselves the
city of 16 million has earned the
unfortunate title of India's rape
capital officials record around 40
attacks on women daily including at
least four rapes the workshops teach
girls had a kick and punch and other
moves to incapacitate an attacker the
issue of gender-based violence has
earned greater attention in India since
the high-profile gang rape and murder of
a 23-year old woman in 2012 the
government has since introduced harsher
penalties for crimes against women but
because the subject is still shrouded in
shame and stigma many victims remain
hesitant to come forward Ecuador's
government is trying to control an oil
spill that is threatening the Galapagos
Islands last Wednesday the cargo ship
Floriana ran aground near San Cristobal
island with nearly 13,000 gallons of
fuel on board on Friday authorities
confirmed a mixture of diesel and
hydraulic oil had contaminated the water
emergency workers scrambled for days to
unload 1400 pounds of cargo from the
ship including food and hazardous
materials the galapagos islands are home
to some of the world's rarest marine
species even small oil spills can
destroy food supply in the ocean floor
and oil six can affect colonies of
animals that congregate on the beaches
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original recording and
documentaries from around the world
moves each other a practitioner show
tiramisu nossek pose easier oh don't
worry I get to stay absa Holly know by
bhakti supremo sure the beam katana
you
