it's Wednesday January 28 and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
French counterterrorism forces have
arrested five suspected Islamic
militants three weeks after a series of
attacks killed 17 people in Paris on
Tuesday police conducted early morning
raids in the small southern town of
newnan Interior Minister Bernard
cazeneuve said the men were between the
ages of 26 and 44 and that two of them
had recently returned from Turkey and
Syria over the past year local media has
reported that as many as 20 residents of
new net which has a population of 25,000
have traveled abroad to fight alongside
militant groups particularly the Islamic
state local and international agencies
are responding to a plea for aid by
Malawi's government as rain hampers
efforts to reach hundreds of thousands
of people displaced by recent flooding
families are taking shelter and nearby
villages where aid groups are building
toilets monitoring children for
malnutrition and providing food and
clean water aid workers say the
prevention of waterborne diseases such
as cholera and malaria is a priority one
of Africa's poorest nations Malawi
announced that it had run out of its own
funds allocated annually for natural
disasters rainy conditions are expected
to further complicate relief efforts in
the coming weeks
a lack of international funding has
forced the UN to stop payments to tens
of thousands of Palestinians waiting to
rebuild their homes in Gaza despite
donor pledges of 5.4 billion dollars
barely any progress has been made in
repairing the city which was level
during last summer's war with Israel
Ezra also tightly monitors the import of
construction materials such as cement
and iron to the Gaza Strip frustrated
residents who are tired of life and
temporary shelters are turning to
cheaper and more accessible materials
such as tin and drywall to speed up the
reconstruction process a shortage of
dependable childcare is making it
increasingly difficult for South Korean
women to have careers men are offered
more senior positions and spend little
time at home and the culture glorifies
to stay at home mom lower wages also
offer little incentive to work with
women earning about sixty-five percent
of what men do that pay gap has remained
nearly unchanged for a decade the
country's first female president Park
geun-hye campaigned on providing women
better opportunities but her opponents
say she's done little to make good on
that promise and while the government
has sought to increase the number of
childcare providers to address demand
few companies are willing to invest the
time or money in women who are returning
to work after giving birth check out the
vice news youtube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world champion sausage
man utd act led zep a dream Norris in a
surf date prep Anita
Oh
