I'm a targeted because of one memorized
work almost every see our family here
have one or two people impressive the
whole international community and Wilson
government are silent
on january twentieth nabeel rajab
Bahrain's most prominent human rights
activists were sentenced to six months
in prison for a tweet nabil was
convicted of insulting the Bahraini
government under Article 2 16 of the
country's harsh penal code vice news was
with nabeel when he received the verdict
it is a politically motivated case I'm a
target here because the work I do with
the UN because of my human right world
they have decided that two of my tweak
that I have made criticizing the
terrorist group and their relation with
some military and some security
institution as insulting the institution
in 2011 pro-democracy protests kicked
off in Bahrain inspired by the Arab
Spring peaceful demonstrations were
brutally attacked by Bahraini forces
backed by troops from Saudi Arabia and
the United Arab Emirates vice news
traveled undercover to Bahrain to
witness the ongoing struggle between the
predominantly Shiite protesters and the
sunni-ruled government Britain has gone
step ahead is not only silent by
supporting the government and also
trying to present government as a
government that respect a human right
they try to do a PR for Bahrain
government situation of a human right
going backward but when you come to
listen to UK government you see a
different story and this is the problem
we have with the British government is
not only about silence now it's about
weakening a movement that is calling for
democracy and human ride widely spread
now UK has a bad reputation in Bahrain
although I disagree with action but in
the past few weeks we've seen a lot of
protest gone again as the British
government where they burn the British
flags Bahraini activists of accused
Western governments and Britain in
particular of ignoring their plight
in favor of lucrative arms and oil deals
with the Gulf states in december britain
announced that it would build a 23
million dollar naval base in bahrain
last year britain classified bahrain as
a priority market for weapon sales on
january twentieth British Foreign
Secretary Philip Hammond praised by rain
for improvement in its human rights
record saying it is a country which is
traveling in the right direction that is
making significant reform when it comes
to the relation with the Gulf country
they see it through their interest it's
all our thing about arms sales and they
always play with that card quite silent
we buy more arms and you can see that
it's very much connected whenever there
are things on what the Western
government are quite about it United
State or United Kingdom or grants are
quite about it you see the amount and
the percentage of military business and
sales and arms sales were going to be
more it's shocking but the UK for
example has not be more outspoken more
assertive about the fact that people
have been tortured people have lost
their lives we've been shot at there are
significant numbers of people who are
still imprisoned some with life
sentences there are 13 particularly high
profile activists Nabeel Rajab is one of
them there's a concerted attempt to deal
with people like this through repressive
means but there are many who are less
high-profile who have similarly suffered
the original tweet that landed Nabil in
trouble with authorities concerned the
Islamic state the tweet alleged is
fighters actually coming from inside
Bahraini security organizations at least
a hundred Bahrain is a thought to have
joined up with the Islamic state so far
the statement I made on my Twitter
account to highlight an issue which was
ignored purposely by Bahraini government
because they think the extremists are in
their side now the extremes are anti
Shias and majority of our opposition are
Shias so they want to use those group
again as this group and that's why they
are silenced bahrain government always
talked about terrorism and the newspaper
but when they talk about terrorism they
mean the opposition they don't mean Isis
don't mean al Qaeda so what I'm saying
is that we don't know what is the clear
policy towards those
extremist the group so far back in 2012
Nabil was jailed for participating in
anti-regime protests he spent two years
in prison and claims he was tortured I
don't speak about my tortured because
what has happened to me comparing to my
colleagues is very minor I have my
colleague Abdullah dill havarti he was
the head of the Bahrain Center for Human
Rights before me and he was sexually
abused he lost many of his teeth we have
one man whose few weeks ago were
tortured to death and we've been having
receiving stories more and more of
people are being tortured systematically
and dying with this island and absence
of international reaction which has been
seen here as a green signal by our
government to continue the repression
against the people of Bahrain revolution
is going to continue for sure because
since it has continued since the past
four years so I have no reason to think
that it's going to stop it's not like
2011 that you see 10 protest with 100
thousand and 200,000 of people because
that's not allowed anymore those people
will be attacked but you have hundreds
of of protest every day taken part in
tenth of villages and area and different
part of Bahrain
my work is to continue the struggle for
human rights and justice in this part of
the world and I think I'm one of those
people who are willing to pay the cost
for a better future for my children to
have a better life than the life we had
and the repression we have faith in our
time and I'm one of the people who
become more stronger when because of
jail and every time they'll put me in
jail I will be coming out more
determined and committed to continue the
struggle around 15,000 Bahrain's have
reportedly been arrested since the
uprising began about 3,000 remain in
custody Amnesty International says that
protesters as young as 13 are tortured
in detention blindfolded beaten and
threatened with rape
