Monday January 26 and here's some of the
news beyond the headlines the cranes
president has promised a calm fighting
with pro-russia rebels in the country's
east following an escalation of the
conflict shelling left at least 30
civilians dead in the port city of mary
opal on saturday the Organization for
Security and Cooperation in Europe said
the Rockets came from rebel-held areas
the fighting has four months been
centered around the city of Donetsk
where shelling killed at least 13 people
at a bus stop last Thursday on Sunday
President Petro poroshenko held an
emergency meeting with members of
Ukraine Security Council he insisted
that maintaining the ceasefire sign last
September was the only solution to the
conflict tokiya residents have expressed
outrage over the Japanese government's
handling of two hostages taken by the
Islamic state the group had demanded a
200 million dollar ransom by Friday
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe a said japan's
government wouldn't be intimidated by
terrorists on saturday militants
released the video claiming the
execution of haruna yukawa in a
television address albay demanded the
safe release of the other hostage Kenji
go-to protesters rallied in front of the
prime minister's office on Sunday and
said the government's assertive stance
is what caused you call is death I was
the first full report on doesn't know
I'm kind of suffering the consequence
the jewish journal is credited with
breaking news of the death of an
Argentinian special prosecutor has fled
to Israel Damien pachter says he was
being followed and feared for his life
prosecutor Alberto nice man was found
dead in his apartment on january 18 with
a single gunshot wound to the head he
died hours before he was due to testify
over allegations he made that the
country's president conspired to derail
his investigation into the 1994 bombing
of a Jewish Community Center in Buenos
Aires nice man's death was initially
ruled a suicide but the government now
says it suspects rogue intelligence
agents were behind his murder Hector
says that if he ever does return to
Argentina it won't be under it
some of the most populous regions of
Brazil are experiencing the worst
drought since the year nineteen thirty
South Paolo's reservoir system which
serves 8 million people is down to five
point two percent of its capacity
despite recent rainfall the main
reservoir in Rio de Janeiro is empty but
officials say there's enough and others
to avoid rationing for another six
months the drought has also impacted
energy supplies as reservoirs provide
water to hydroelectric dams the South
American country has been forced to
import electricity from neighboring
Argentina for the first time in more
than four years government opponents say
politics and poor planning are to blame
for the ongoing crisis check out the
vice news youtube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world okay ya ya see mi
hora jw3 to me oh yeah or you wanna beat
it would have water higher cement in
both under hood again buddy step 4
Oh
