and this is simply unacceptable
and sheer violation of environmental
laws in the bones that's how you know
it's poisonous this ain't good for
you and their people barefoot dumping
themselves in these dangerous chemicals
the Bangladeshi leather industry is
worth around 1 billion dollars per year
the Finnish leather is exported to the
US and Europe well be made into luxury
coats handbags and shoes but the process
of tanning leather hides is highly toxic
and workers face appalling conditions
with little regard for their help ninety
percent of the workers die before the
age of 50 and the factories are
responsible for poisoning the country's
waterways we travel to the capital Dhaka
to the tannery district of huzzah debug
to investigate this environmental crisis
I'm an old taka we're about to take a
boat with a local NGO worker towards the
tannery districts to see where the toxic
waste comes from
is it that can make a joke you know you
like it should be a generality gosh I
can do more juggling Cora Nutella
factory owner tell effectively Malik
tonight on Johnny ona booze known as a
is a way to get kids or innate pollution
toads a politically turn if cookie God
genies manipulate apostasy with the
hundreds of chemicals that's deposited
into this river from the tannery how
will this affect the people even he
until a manager net idea send it to
deliberation when a protein in a diet
char be completed missions come on this
into illusions gothic a surveillance
charcoal Eggman ate the other effect
obey the bhavish at the effect of a
shaken akin to generate a furrow you can
taken me into ionic impurity of the
digital circuits in it so China from
what I'm understanding they're eating
the fish they're drinking the water
they're getting diseases like hepatitis
severe diarrhea problems it's
essentially poisoned being ingested into
their body
they caught these fish from last night
and they're showing us all the different
kinds of fish they catch from this dirty
sewer dump river these fish have really
sharp teeth and he says when when you
when they bite you it feels like your
fingers gonna get chopped off yeah sorry
ain't nothing mass keenora man again
yeah they are you do funny noise to her
guitar for a key mistake that crash boom
goes into 2010 with the key to turn
yourself I can take it today
Chemical a panty bad boy Jonathan me
Joey
you know deep partnership to it I don't
know ah the bunny fire my master
Bonnie wheeler accident get it I go Jay
I would watch every tackle oh you know
study money Vacarro a yoga that put it
was a mistake they must take a mistake
this fish that these kids are catching
are sold in the marketplace where people
like me or any other family is eating
and what's worse is these kids they're
exposing themselves to this toxic water
we went to meet Phillip who works for a
local organization for human rights and
Environmental Protection
he wanted to take us to the site where
leather trimmings are dumped next to a
highly polluted lake every day the
tanneries allowed 22,000 cubic meters of
toxic waste to flow into the main river
Hadera bag is one of the five most
notoriously polluted places on earth the
Buddha Ganga is actually a Dead River
because of this tannery industry here
time the factories here I mean this is
unimaginable and in violation of
environmental laws they are polluting
but they are not treating they are not
paying so I mean the polluters pay
principle does not work at all
in case of tannery industry what are
those women doing they are cleaning some
plastics and you can see the water it's
a it's a horrible it's very very toxic
so they are cleaning some plastic Baxter
for reuse is there chemical in that
water definitely you can you can see
with your own eyes let's go talk to the
women and and find out more about what
they're doing down there
Appa come on I said I've never lost any
took off I will go up to this young gay
to application in a pan atomic nuna tape
Anita metonic chemical si I'll say key
kumamoto good repo no spirit I feel
really after I got sick I'll come down
upon you with a polythene bag gotta kill
it yeah I got cousin Amanda castor
their bodies are itching from from
cleaning cleaning this dirty Lake out
see look she has marks but not car
didn't doctor were you so they can no
car apply gonna no calories
look I see the rashes that broke out at
the con
and her arms oh my gosh I feel bad for
them that they work under these horrible
conditions and the rashes they're
getting on their arms it's just like
it's disgusting the tannery district is
ranked among the ten most polluted
places on earth when we explored the
surrounding area to see how people lived
we found the residents cramped in
between piles of industrial garbage and
animal carcasses from the even in the
developing world it is highly unusual
for toxic industries to be situated in
the heart of densely populated urban
areas like taka we wanted to see for
ourselves what goes on inside one of the
270 tanneries here which employs some
15,000 workers I'm in the tannery
district one of the most polluted parts
of Bangladesh I'm about to go inside a
factory and see what goes on here
wrong cowhides cow skins just hanging
out here piles and piles of roads
can you tell me a little bit about how
you process the Kaua'i
that go to jump right up they're talking
about whether a chemical boys learn
chemical for fighting each other is
eating together which I bitterly
chemical here is the dollar Jared he
came economy sodium sodium sodium sodium
did a portion are once the cowhides have
been processed in that barrel like
device there it turns into this which is
leather
aw boom
I've never liked it neither boy over
it's just amazing to see that this is
how your leather purses your leather
booth they're made by these guys right
here so many risks that's how you know
it's poisonous this ain't good for
you and their people barefoot and with
their bare hands dunking themselves in
these dangerous chemicals for decades
there have been calls to move the
factories out of the city away from the
residential areas and build treatment
plants capable of removing toxins from
the waters of life but the tannery
owners have refused to shoulder the cost
of relocation oh my god the is that
that's premium that's the chemical
coming out of the factory and this water
is then taken goes straight into the
river the main river in Bangladesh where
people fish get their shrimps and
they're ingesting the chemicals
despite Bangladesh's environmental laws
the tanneries continue to operate
outside of the system as long as this
situation prevails workers and locals
will continue to pay with their health
for the West's desires for cheap high
street goods
you
