president putin has developed a
nationalist ideology based on ethnic and
religious grounds two unique qualities
of the Slavic race and all the Russia he
has cast anglo-saxon world domination as
the enemy not only of Russia but of the
rest of the world
hello I'm George Soros sanctions are a
necessary evil they are necessary
because neither the European Union nor
the United States is willing to risk war
with Russia and that leaves sanctions as
the only alternative to resist Russian
aggression they are evil because they
hurt not only the country on which they
are imposed but also the countries which
impose them Russia is Germany's third
largest export market so a depression in
Russia it has a negative effect on the
the German economy as well and the same
applies to many other European countries
it's high time for the members of the
European Union to wake up and behave as
countries indirectly at war they are
much better off helping Ukraine to
defend itself and having to fight for
themselves
Europe seems to be blissfully unaware of
being under attack and carries on
business as usual it treats Ukraine as
just another country in these of
financial assistance like increased
arrival by enabling Ukraine to defend
itself Europe would also be indirectly
defending itself moreover an injection
of financial assistance Ukraine would
also indirectly stimulate the European
economy I was born in Hungary in 1930
and I'm Jewish so when the Germans
occupied Hungary I would have actually
perished if it hadn't been for my father
who arranged for false identities I
learnt at a very early stage how
important what kind of political regime
prevails and I became a great believer
in a European Union as it was originally
perceived I saw it as an embodiment of
the ideal of an open society I was very
disappointed because of the euro crisis
what was designed as a voluntary
Association among equals turned into
something very different which is a
creditor debtor relationship where the
debtors have difficulties in paying
their debts and the creditors set the
conditions
and the conditions they set effectively
make it difficult for the that was ever
to escape from their inferior position
the European Union is confronted by a
resurgent Russia that has turned from a
strategic partner into a strategic rival
absolute elation instead of communism
President Putin has developed a
nationalist ideology based on ethnic and
religious grounds two unique qualities
of the Slavic race and holy Russia he
has cast anglo-saxon world domination as
the enemy not only of Russia but of the
rest of the world
the only reason right Putin's Russia I
can't seem to be the attractive
alternative to people in Europe is
because for anybody that the under fifty
in a heavily indebted country the
European Union itself seems like the
enemy and then put him seems to be a
friend because otherwise given the
corruption the repression that Russia
stands for should not appeal to the
people in Europe but it does put his
ambition to recreate a Russian Empire
has brought into being a new Ukraine
that is adamantly opposed to its endemic
corruption
and inefficient government it's led by
the cream of civil society young people
many of whom have studied abroad and
refused to join either the government or
business because they found both of them
repugnant they were willing to risk
their lives on Maidan for the sake of a
better future for their country and they
are determined not to repeat the
mistakes of the past including the
political infighting that miscarried the
Orange Revolution but the old Ukraine is
far from dead it dominates the civil
service and the judiciary
why should they work for practically no
pay unless they use their position as a
license to extort bribes they are locked
in a battle with the reformists this is
where the international community can
play a decisive role by offering
financial assistance to measure it with
the magnitude of the reforms they can
influence the outcome when I speak about
Ukraine I speak from personal experience
I established a foundation in Ukraine in
1990 before Ukraine became independent
it is entirely run by Ukrainians and it
has established a deep roots in
Ukrainian society
I visited Ukraine three times since
Maidan I was really struck by the
tremendous improvement in the civil
society the maturity and the expertise
of the people and they are basically
people who'd been in this
I didn't Ukraine or abroad and are now
returning and actually devoting maybe a
year or so of their lives but to help
Ukraine so they are volunteers and that
is the strength of the new Ukraine the
sanctions imposed on Russia have worked
much better and inflected much more
damage under Russian economy than
anybody could have expected Russia
leaves all prices to be above a hundred
dollars in order to balance his budget
the combination of sanctions and lower
oil prices have pushed Russia into a
financial crisis the fact is that Putin
is in a very very difficult position
because the allegiance of the people was
based on the fact that Putin secured the
financial stability and gave people a
rising standard of living using the high
value of oil and that has now changed
the European Union is joining us in
imposing major sanctions on Russia its
most significant and wide-ranging
sanctions today because of the sanctions
and the and even more so because of the
collapse in the price of oil now there's
rising inflation people's savings are at
risk they face a substantially reduced
standard of living and that is not what
they bargained for when they applauded
the annexation of Crimea
so the attitudes are rapidly changing
and people are beginning to realize
is that the interest of the Putin regime
are not identical with the interests of
Russia as conditions in Russia
deteriorate the Putin regime will become
increasingly repressive and it could
really return to the reversed stages of
the Soviet Union where people were
really tolerating the regime because of
fear
so Russia could even threaten war with
the West therefore the pressure has to
be maintained until Putin's policy or
the Russian policy is changed Europe
needs to wake up and recognize what is
at stake if it fails to reinforce the
new Ukraine the Ukraine will probably
fail and Europe will have abandoned the
values and principles on which the
European Union was founded the European
Union will continue to disintegrate
under the strain of the deflationary
forces that will continue to prevail as
long as the austerity policies are
maintained I am a passionate believer in
the original idea of the European Union
of voluntary Association of equals that
are willing to sacrifice some of their
sovereignty for the common good so by
coming to the help of Ukraine I think
Europe could also recapture the original
idea that led to the formation of the
can European by saving Ukraine the
European Union would be also saving
itself
