it's Wednesday January 14 and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines at
least 11 civilians are dead in eastern
Ukraine after a shell struck a bus
an army checkpoint on Tuesday the
incident took place in a town south of
Donetsk which is for months been the
scene of intense clashes between
Ukrainian forces and pro-russian rebels
a new ceasefire signed last month
offered a lull in violence over the
holidays but fighting has resumed global
leaders have so far failed to help the
two parties cement a permanent truce
Russia is using Road safety as an excuse
to expand its assault on the country's
LGBT community the Kremlin claims mental
disorders are causing traffic accidents
so it's banned transsexual and
transgender people from driving other
groups determined to be unfit for
driving include fetishists
exhibitionists voyeurs as well as people
addicted to gambling and shoplifting in
2013 Russia made the promotion of quote
non-traditional lifestyles in legal
psychologists and activists say the new
controlled discriminatory and discourage
people from seeking support if they need
it the measles outbreak that began at to
Disney amusement parks in California
last month has been linked to nearly two
dozen other cases proving it truly is a
small world after all
public health officials had claimed
measles had been eradicated in the u.s.
back in 2000 but the disease returned
with a vengeance last year with the
highest number of reported cases in
Orange County where Disneyland is
located the US Centers for Disease
Control blamed the recent spike on a
decline in child vaccinations new cases
have been reported in Washington State
Colorado and Utah measles causes fever
rash cough and red watery eyes health
officials maintain vaccination is the
best way to stave off infection
ecotourism is boosting the economy of
Cambodia's remote island a slump in the
fishing and logging industries has left
locals itching to join the budding
tourism trade song SIA is a private
island resort marketed to wealthy
visitors it's been mostly built out of
locally sourced materials including wood
salvaged from old fishing boats a water
recycling system ensures nothing harmful
reaches the sea locals make up 90% of
the resorts staff and guests are
encouraged to donate to programs aimed
at Community Development and
environmental protection song sales
founders hope their model sets an
example for other developers as tourism
to Cambodia continues to swell by double
digits every year check out the vice
news YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world come on I'll have a shower
move look we'll have a Yanni and a lot
of either way
