broad daylight two gunmen entered with
festival in the center of curves is a
major time
we're back outside the offices of
Charlie Hebdo on the day of the biggest
march in Francis recent history to
commemorate the victims of the three
days of terror that struck the country
and started with the shooting at the
offices of this French satirical
magazine we're going to meet with the
man colony Kalman who runs a production
company called pony I mean which is
right next to the offices of Charlie
Hebdo and by coincidence back in 2005 he
did a documentary about the younger
coochie brother who was one of the
gunmen in this terror attack can you
tell me what happened on the day of the
attack I've received a call from our
executive producer telling me that there
was a heavy heavy shooting going going
on automatic rifle they immediately
understood that surely Abdul was the
target and some of our reporters
eventually flee on the roof over there
and this is where they managed to film
the pictures that worldwide these are
pictures where you see the two gunmen
leaving the area and this is where some
policemen arrived and started running
towards the two of the two gunmen they
opened fire on these policemen and you
hear one of the two gunmen shouting
Allah Akbar
by a very strange coincidence you happen
to have made an investigative
documentary about the younger Croce
brother back in 2005 when did you find
out what were you thinking when you
heard that it was him and his brother
who carried out this horrible attack the
night of the attack when we heard the
names I said wow this rings a bell of
course this cell there was a very small
cell terrorist cell in Paris in the
heart of Paris and back in 2004 and 2005
this cell has sent young French
nationals to Iraq via Syria and cherif
kouachi the younger brother he had been
arrested because he was planning to go
to Iraq when I spoke to his lawyer he
said that a couple of months before he
was still smoking he was he was drinking
alcohol apparently he went to Yemen in
2010 or in 2011 and this is where he
would have received some some training
with the al-qaeda fighters the past
years we've seen a growing climate of
Islamophobia what do you think this
attack could mean in the coming months
sincerely hope that this tragic event
will not trigger tensions between the
communities the scope of the peaceful
marches I hope will motivate people to
debate and ease down tensions
we're trying to get to Place de la
Republique where the March is about to
start Paris is completely packed they're
expecting up to a million people to come
today how come you're wearing pen hats
today so far from what we've seen
everyone remains calm the mood is one of
solidarity they've been shouting the
slogan of the past few days I am Charlie
Newsom - Charlie just officially just a
few minutes ago we saw some
anti-immigration posters by one of the
far-right parties in France and as I was
commenting on them all the people around
me said no that's not our France the
reality in France is one of growing
Islamophobia it's still impossible to
tell what's going to happen after these
days of similarity of protests and
marches of commemoration and what the
situation will be in a France that
already is facing lots of tension
the shooting actually do and the days of
terror are followed have happened in the
midst of growing Islamophobia in France
what do you think will happen now
suppose Q especi executive most
collision kinetic to buy a nice puree
Kiku survey grab a little sedation key
to the galley for me personal again he
supposed to not act soon as assumed on
the motivation his own disciples risotto
copies the bonus edition amid on a
three-dimensional pop thoughts in who
park was a cell canoeing septum
the party on the opposite front of the
political spectrum whole national the
French for a national are not invited to
this March today what do you think about
that all parties apostasy purpose in
Dominica stick with the project within
following situation
we prepared to tackle each song to the
dictionary the digital should possible
to serve one purpose if I knew when you
fragrance loo effin it isn't me dissing
you defer you do Sammy shock Parker if I
do post a video and say a few sweet
Alice pursue profile shall you do you
design detecting for the musky given the
possible my after the nurtured whenever
Chaplin to the escape Paul Newman's as
the election it always the the section
twist occasionally Pollux and Watts
univer power and facetious usual
delivers
so nobility sonically back to the
specimen and absolutely Milan a film the
liberty to just prove anymore Africa
here's a tricky balance between man and
dokin John differences the events of the
past few days have shocked everyone
across Europe
how how were your thoughts how has this
affected you welcome to murrs it
definitely causes our Telugu enfermo
clinical waste matrices on their own
appearance on audacity Columbus is she
responding to what I have failed to
suspect I kill Kuti no medicine here
don't ya decide okay
despite the horrors of the past few days
people seem to be in high spirit and
they're shouting out to everyone
Franz don't be afraid and people are
holding flag from many different
countries or even two guys here holding
an Israeli people have been marching for
hours from Pleasure Beach to +11 soon
where we're just about to arrive
because it really Duvall who rallied
after the democracy
already more than a million people took
to the streets of Paris today and many
more across France the overwhelming
feeling among the people who spoke to
him from what we've seen is one of
solidarity and peace
even saw a palestinian-israeli hug in
piston ask for peace I have the feeling
that people will stay up all night
you
