it's Monday January 12th and here's some
of the names beyond the headlines twin
suicide bombings at a cafe in northern
Lebanon left at least nine people dead
and dozens more wounded on Saturday
al-qaida-linked Syrian group the nusrah
front has claimed responsibility for the
attack in the city of Tripoli fighters
targeted a neighborhood mainly populated
by a low whites members of a Shia sect
of Islam that Syrian President Bashar
Assad belongs to security officials
detained three people in a nearby
district over links to the attackers
Tripoli has been relatively quiet over
the past few months but the city has
been the scene of intense clashes in a
spillover of the Syrian conflict Taliban
fighters in Pakistan have beheaded a man
after pledging allegiance to the Islamic
state execution videos have been a
popular feature of the Islamic states
media presence the US based monitoring
group site intelligence identified a
former Pakistani Taliban spokesman in
this video released on Saturday
Shahidullah Shahid was replaced in
October after pledging support to the
Islamic state here he's seen with a
group of militants announcing pledges of
support from 10 Taliban leaders in
Afghanistan and Pakistan the Islamic
state has gained a foothold in both
countries over the past year but it
isn't clear if militants are acting on
their own volition or if they're taking
orders from senior leadership in the
Middle East around 35,000 people marched
against racism and xenophobia in the
Eastern German city of Dresden on
Saturday a right-wing movement called
pegida short for patriotic Europeans
against the islamization of the West was
formed last October to fight what it
calls the rise of radical Islam
Chancellor Angela Merkel and other
senior officials have condemned the
group's weekly protests Saturday's
counter demonstration which was the
largest yet was held ahead of another
one planned by pegida for today the
rally was sponsored by the local
government and invited anti-islamist
protesters to join in a plea for unity
in peace following last week's attacks
in France Mexico may soon start swapping
oil with the US for the first time ever
last week state-run oil company Pemex
proposed to bring in a hundred thousand
barrels a day from its northern neighbor
to increase gasoline production and
improve refining in exchange the country
would send heavy crude over the border
for mixing at US refineries the u.s.
band's most exports of unrefined crude
with exceptions such as shipments to
Canada Mexico oil production dropped for
the 10th consecutive year in 2014 and a
slump in global prices has hit its oil
companies hard with more than 10,000
layoffs just last week if finalized the
u.s. deal could extend a lifeline to the
Mexican economy check out the vice news
YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world nuvvu naaku new google mo
jetta awfully busy semi Steve AGID skin
johan kata ho la una y otra lucy condon
oh you see Baba set maneuver theocracy
set minaret extremists terrorists c'est
pas de deux decisions about humanity
you
