but let's come and enjoy the beautiful
scenery
helped us flag a little bit here that's
right
that's right that's right this is a view
that we've been waiting for for 2,000
years okay and uh and this is some of my
Arab neighbors down there and this this
is the Temple Mount this is the focus of
Jewish prayer for the last 3,000 years
and here's the Mount of Olives which has
seen Jewish burial for the last 3,000
years so when people tell me that you're
living in occupied land I point to this
mountain of history and I asked them
could it be that I'm occupying the
ancestral burial grounds of my people
well what do you want us to do pack up
our bags and leave that's not a solution
for us we're against violence against
Arabs vigilante violence but we will
find and uproot the jihad we will find
them in their bedrooms and we will not
allow them to derail our project of
coming back home in so on we also met
with joette salaam a local activist and
director of the wadi hawea information
center a group of local residents trying
to counter the narrative of settlers
claim the neighborhood as your own I
have no right to start the collection
they have the right to start fighting
because I am under occupation so even if
I started I don't like this language
always telling what about you started it
was over when was okay look this circle
is quiet reading he's not quite
Salon means quiet silent means it's in
Arabic but since the settlers came it
became the most problematic area before
it was area that it's open for everyone
now it's controlled by the settlers they
try to say we want to live in a peace
and coexistence what - how coexistence
you come to my village you you buy
houses you bring your security guards
they cook system that their cookies do
you make with your donkey to ride on it
just imagine we come from North America
to live here it's crazy to come from
broccoli I don't know from where they
come from they in order to live in this
under in the area we're very difficult
and people don't like you don't want you
to be in their neighbours it's about the
settler one who come to take over and to
kick you out of the house
out of your house out of your
neighborhood the sacrifice hands of the
king
