it's Friday January ninth and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
Mexican authorities found several heads
and decapitated bodies in the country
Southwest on Wednesday a number of
corpses showed signs of torture the
discovery was made in Guerrero state
where 43 students are believed to have
been massacred last September Mexico's
government is still investigating what
happened to the students who were
abducted by corrupt police in the city
of iguala the remains of only one of the
missing 43 have been identified so far
Venezuela's tough times are far from
over the economy has entered a recession
in the country which relies heavily upon
oil exports has been bearing the brunt
of falling gas prices since last summer
to make matters worse the scene outside
stores hasn't changed residents of the
capital caracas continued to line up to
stock up on the necessities and with
more food shortages high unemployment
and rising inflation the discontent with
President Nicolas Maduro just seems to
be growing geologists have published a
study that claims hydraulic fracturing
commonly referred to as fracking cause
earthquakes in Ohio last year dozens of
mild earthquakes rattled an area outside
youngstown last March scientists say
they weren't isolated events and that
fracking at new oil and gas wells had
triggered the tremors by building
pressure and causing slippage in an
existing fault line located about a half
mile beneath the wells the release of
the findings is timely this week a
number of small quakes were recorded in
Oklahoma as well as in a suburb of
Dallas Texas which oil and gas giant
Exxon Mobil happens to call home while
scientists have long suspected that
pumping fluids into the ground can cause
earthquakes they're concerned the rise
of fracking will turn previously quiet
parts of the country into hot zones of
seismic activity
a new antibiotic may be a game-changer
in the fight against drug-resistant
bacteria known as superbugs scientists
at Northeastern University in Boston
have discovered tekserve active by using
a method of extracting bacteria from its
native dirt instead of a petri dish the
drug cured mice infected with MRSA a
stubborn and potentially
life-threatening bacteria that humans
often contract in hospitals researchers
were also happy to find that the drug
didn't develop resistance antibiotic
resistance is quickly becoming a global
health nightmare a recent report warns
that superbugs could kill up to 10
million people by the year 2050 check
out the vice news youtube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world a
quien sam pero ellos no pueden da stanky
trigona conocimiento como multi mala
hizo alkies person kangana de irme de
este pa√≠s co siempre acuerdo que un
compromiso de forma
