janay person Trump is right when he says
that many European allies and Canada are
investing too little in defense well say
past his credible fear screening and
yesterday he was finally reunited with
his son I mean this is the epicenter for
the largest black lung epidemic that the
United States has ever reported tall man
affords cozy prison lifestyle undermined
his request to delay his trial according
to the special counsel a court filing
says men fort has a private room in bath
his own phone computer and workspace
doesn't have to wear uniform and that he
bragged on a call that he's being
treated like a quote VIP following the
Trump administration's threat to put
tariffs on up to 200 billion dollars
worth of Chinese imports a member of
Beijing's commerce ministry quoted
Michelle Obama saying they go low we go
high while Washington and China exchange
tariffs Japan and the European Union are
about to drop theirs entering into an
agreement to create the world's largest
free trade zone accounting for a third
of global GDP the twelve boys rescued
from a flooded cave in Thailand are now
in a hospital isolation ward where
they're being quarantined for risk of
infection the Thai Navy SEALs released
the first video showing how they pulled
off the rescue the execution of
convicted murderer Scott Dozier is on
hold after a Nevada judge sided with the
company whose sedative would have been
part of the drug cocktail used to kill
him Alva Gen accused the state of
obtaining its drug deceptively and says
it doesn't want its products used in
executions
you
President Trump started his visit to the
NATO summit exactly as you'd expect by
thrashing an ally for Germany as far as
I'm concerned his captive to Russia
because it's getting so much of its
energy from Russia's he also confronted
his host the NATO secretary-general
about other members contributions to
collective defence and I think these
countries have to step it up not over a
10-year period have to step it up
immediately
Trump's gripe is that most of the other
countries aren't meeting the joint goal
of contributing two percent of their GDP
to the organization all of the NATO
members agree back in 2002 to meet that
target and there we up the promise in
2014 saying they get there by 2024 on
the substance Trump is right the u.s.
contributes the biggest share of GDP to
NATO about 3.6 percent and there are
only three other countries of the 28
members that have met the two percent
goal and he's not the first president to
complain about the u.s. paying more than
its fair share previous leaders just did
it more diplomatically Trump is now
demanding not just that the other
members get to two percent but that
everyone should move to four percent
more than even the u.s. pays would it be
good for other members to meet their
pledge yes would that actually satisfy
Trump no attacking multilateralism is
part of the America first agenda and
because NATO needs the US and its money
Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg has
to sit there and take it he seems he
focusing on unity with the United States
and trying to show why NATO in the
United States is so great together and
has it got anything to do with Donald
Trump and what he's been saying recently
it has something to do with the fact
that some question the strength and the
unity of the Alliance and we see some
real disagreements on important issues
like for instance trade or the Iran
nuclear deal or climate change I'm
confident
we will be able to make important
decisions on substance on the high road
and so forces we have seen that the u.s.
is actually increasing their military
presence in in Europe since President
Trump took office it's also threatening
to withdraw troops out of Germany well I
am confident that he and the United
States is and will remain committed to
European security to NATO because that
is in the interest of the United States
but we're protecting you
and it means a lot more to you they're
protecting us because I don't know how
much protection we get by protecting you
his rhetoric appears to be fundamentally
rooted in a disagreement with
multilateral cooperation which is at the
heart of NATO's founding treaty
President Trump is a different
politician he has a direct language and
and he has stated earlier that that he
thought NATO was obsolete but when I
visited him in the White House the first
time was on last year then then he
stated clearly that he used to say that
NATO's obsolete but NATO is not longer
off sleep so he has a history of
contradicting himself as well but but
for me
what matters is actions what actually we
are able to decide and do together and
the reality is that despite a language
rhetoric and so on what we have seen
from both Europe and from the United
States is that we are doing more
together we are strengthening the
alliance so so you're not worried we are
29 allies and sometimes we disagree on
different issues but the strength of
NATO is that despite this differences we
always are able to unite around our core
responsibilities to to stand together
and protect each other protecting
everybody and yet we're paying a lot of
money to protect now this has been going
on for
this has been brought up by other
presidents but other presidents never
did anything about it did he have a
point is NATO a bad deal for Americans
it is a good deal both for Europe and
North America but president Trump is
right when he says that many European
allies and Canada are investing too
little in defense that's exactly why we
have agreed to do something about it
you have eight member states which are
either achieving 2% of GDP spending on
defense or are on their way to guessing
that that still leaves you with 21
member states that don't including
Canada including France including
Germany that doesn't seem like much
progress but even those who are not yet
reached two percent all of them uh
started to increase in real terms also
President Trump has recognized that he
has publicly stated that the moon is
pouring in and and I am actually also
commended him for his leadership on
defense spending it is having an impact
so there are differences there are
disagreements and and and so on but all
allies agree that those who spend less
than 2% have to spend more the good
things that have started - exactly
after weeks of splitting up families at
the border the Trump administration
under orders from two different federal
courts is now officially bringing those
families back together but the process
is off to an extremely slow start
yesterday a handful of parents were
reunited with their kids in southern
Arizona after that they had to figure it
out for themselves some of them are
doing what people with long journeys and
more time than cash have always done
take a greyhound Jose the Honduran man
in his late 20s is one of them
he was separated from his three-year-old
son when he turned himself fainted
illegal border-crossing
to ask for asylum something officials
repeatedly said they weren't doing in
detention
Jose passed his credible fear screening
the first step in his asylum application
and yesterday he was finally reunited
with his son his lawyer gave them a ride
to a Greyhound station in Phoenix so he
could catch a bus to a relative's house
near Washington DC we caught up with
Jose a couple of hours into his Basra
quanto same arrest a via him booze this
pod ok agar still be earnest Tomales
Impala mañana el viernes casi tres dias
Senora es o como esto como se compare a
con el viaje Katie toko hacer de un deux
res estas muy muy mas de porque ya ya ya
waysto movie constable Kissimmee
parametres yo yo do yeah i mean ii a
 amor que me on our errand report on
the sequester on ecoboost I'll pull our
Guiteau Mele go tremolo pero murio
sellable pasar por trabajo por que hace
para siempre a time to tiempo que to say
Corral cuanto tiempo point stay is it
Maya
ESP 100 casa dos meses she considered
messing mister kpop we say hablar con el
sol una vez el portal FL us anymore no
owl of ways
cuando se scale OS tremolo discúlpame la
pregunta pero puede sex pikarin poco que
quieres decir cielo Mira como que mató
al o : z : para para ver porque él está
el - mentality nakhon from da plan is
the por la soledad el paso que no está
con la morte el padre Mila Mariela stole
the rock where I pensar que tu Nogueira
now
in this game of things Jose is one of
the lucky few dozens of parents have
already been deported without their kids
and many more have failed their credible
fear screenings meaning that even if
they're reunited and released they're
likely to be deported soon Jose on the
other hand will see his case go through
the immigration courts which could take
months
in the meantime he'll wear an ankle
bracelet live with his brother-in-law
and try to deal with the aftermath of
all the things he and his son lived
through in the last few weeks yeah
Michael Sizemore is a father of two who
worked in coal mines for nearly two
decades earlier this year he had to
leave his job because of health problems
including breathing issues today I'm
here to do the black one test to see if
I have black one Oakland don't you stand
right up here okay row your shoulders in
we'll raise this up taking a big deep
breath hold it don't breathe you can
breathe you can have a seat in the chair
just like Beach Michael's visit to the
doctor isn't uncommon in central
appalachia which is enduring the largest
black lung epidemic in a generation hey
Michael are you excited
before becoming a radiologist Brendan
Crum was a fourth generation coal miner
he was also one of the first doctors to
spot the epidemic he had about 20 years
on the surface yeah and the most common
thing that you did on him 20 years was
how all miner the cause of black lung
disease is well established it's
triggered by tiny particles of coal and
rock dust that are inhaled and then
settle in lung tissue
these particles caused the lungs to scar
over limiting their function there's no
cure for the disease and healthcare
costs vary but for advanced cases the
only treatment option is a lung
transplant which costs an average of 1.2
million dollars so it's usually a very
gradual slow agonizing death you start
dropping your oxygen levels which will
eventually lead to suffocating you know
just suffocating to death slowly what is
most concerning for me when I first you
know brought this about a couple of
years ago is seeing individuals actually
as earlier their late 20s how bad is it
right now I mean this is the epicenter
for the largest black lung epidemic that
the United States has ever reported
Cole is their life and their livelihood
the black dust of the minds their own
familiar mark of distinction since
federal regulations were put in place in
the 1960s there's been a significant
decline in black lung and a significant
increase in coal miners being used as
political hood ornaments I see over here
jump disco that's true that's true I do
today there are around 20,000 coal
miners in Central Appalachia
and one out of every five long tenured
worker has black lung the disease is
also more fatal than it's ever been
CDC epidemiologist Scott Laney has been
tracking its rise over the last decade
this is not your grandfather's black
lung increased mechanization has caused
the dust to be finer when you increase
production by 400 percent you're
increasing those exposures by the same
in a much shorter period of time it's
therefore killing people faster and an
earlier age yeah I mean I think that's
very evident the thing that makes it
frustrating is that we know the
population at risk we know the cause of
this disease and there's no sign that
we'll be stopping anytime soon now put
your arms just down by your side
throw your shoulders in to pay for
treatment minors often apply for state
and federal workers comp benefits which
are paid for by coal companies to do
that in Kentucky their x-rays have to be
assessed by a doctor who's obtained a
specific certification to detect black
lung dr. Crum has that certification and
has diagnosed black lung hundreds of
times as a radiologist he's uniquely
qualified to read x-rays but a law that
goes into effect on July 14th changes
that it makes it so only pulmonologists
doctors who specialize in lung disease
can give diagnoses for workers comp
claims cutting the number of eligible
doctors serving the entire state from 11
down to 5 Adam Cain egg is the Kentucky
State Representative who sponsored the
bill we're here today to present House
bill 2 he says the law is intended to
fix discrepancies in the rate at which
black lung gets diagnosed in the state
when presenting the bill in committee in
March he sat next to the president of
the Kentucky coal Association who also
weighed in based on some of the stuff
I've heard here it's very divisive
remarks to think of the coal industries
out here trying to limit benefits to our
miners what is the difference between
how a pulmonologist screams for black
lung and how a radiologist screams for
black one
that's a very specific detail that I I
can't answer I just know that obviously
pulmonologists have additional specialty
and lung disease so there's a cluster of
black lung in this in the state isn't it
kind of seem like a problem to have less
doctors that people can access now well
we will find out if it's if it's a
problem it's also a problem if it's not
being done consistently and it's a
problem if people aren't getting the
best care possible so I spoke to a CDC
researcher an expert on black lung and
he told me that in fact radiologists are
probably more qualified to to make these
determinations then pulmonologist I
don't necessarily have a reaction
because I don't know if that's accurate
or not obviously that's I mean a CDC
expert okay and he he may very well be
right that doesn't mean it was being
done consistently here in Kentucky
Koenig says he consulted with the
Kentucky Medical Association in an
e-mail the km8 told vice news that he
had not taken a position on the bill and
its members had raised no concerns they
always will become winners
yeah just can come right over here but
just grab you a chair and pull up err
so here's your's and you can see what
we're looking for is these little see
these little white dots here that you
buy clone your about a stage one which
where you're at there's no doubt that
you have black lung though I've said one
ate that bad up right better than three
yeah and is everything back today I'll
have to give up mass just part of life I
guess
at a hearing in Washington today
officials from the National
Transportation Safety Board met with
some of the people who manage America's
railroads to get to the bottom of two
deadly back-to-back crashes this past
winter in December three people died
after an Amtrak train went off a bridge
in Washington State and in South
Carolina in February an Amtrak train
plowed into a parked freight train
killing two people
but investigating the South Carolina
crash Illustrated a quirk of our
national passenger service the fact that
Amtrak doesn't own or control the vast
majority of the tracks it operates
Amtrak uses more than 21,000 300 miles
of track to take people places and
almost 97 percent of that track belongs
to other railroads mostly six big
private companies which move things like
coal lumber chemicals and food that's
because private rail companies built the
us's train track they used to run
passenger trains to it starting in the
1950s ridership plummeted and many found
themselves bankrupt are on the brink of
financial collapse in 1971 President
Nixon took passenger service off their
hands with the rail passenger Service
Act which created Amtrak meaning rail
companies could focus on Freight which
is much more profitable but Amtrak's
mandate was rail service not rail
infrastructure the tracks themselves
stayed in the hands of the companies
that built them so when Silver Star
train number 91 was making its way to
Miami on February 4th it was traveling
on rail owned by CSX a private freight
company
the Amtrak crew had to ask permission
from CSX dispatchers to keep going
the CEO of Amtrak said in February that
CSX was responsible for the lock switch
which diverted Amtrak 91 and ultimately
sent it head-on into a CSX freight train
CSX told vice news that they're fully
cooperating with the investigation but
have no comment while it's pending even
if the freight railroad causes an
accident though its Amtrak that's likely
to pay thanks to no fault liability
deals between the agency and the private
companies whose infrastructure it
depends on now rail companies are up
against a year-end deadline for
something that might have prevented what
happened in South Carolina positive
train control it's a safety system that
automatically stops or slows down a
train back in 2008 Congress passed a law
making it mandatory by 2015 Amtrak has
already installed PTC on most of the
tracks it controls but the freight
industry lobbied for more time and
although CSX was trying to install PTC
at the time of the February crash the
industry has been criticized for being
slow to implement the life-saving
technology it just might be the time to
speed that up
am I gonna have a bunch of people hating
me after this
I love it I've never heard of that band
before but I think it was really musical
very creative at first I was gonna say
only the left side works for the
headphones but I guess I was intentional
it has a little touch of country I
couldn't focus on the lyrics but I never
can unless they're really terrible
wait
somebody made it home who made it home
hi I hope you had a good trip his voice
is very smoky could be cigarettes or
other things or maybe that's naturally
his voice is very thick in the male
vocal I like thick vocals generally I at
first was a little bit scared when the
vocal came in it's kind of like amazing
voice it's very throwback the
instrumentation for my little bit of
older George Benson kind of stuffs
really talented made me move
any genre can make me happy but it has
to have something that really tickles my
brain cells this is not the type of
music that makes me happy
you
you
