it's Tuesday January sixth and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines at
least three Saudi guards were killed on
Monday near the country's border with
Iraq the interior ministry said the
border guards encountered four men
trying to cross into the kingdom early
in the morning at least two of the
assailants were shot dead in a gunfight
no group has claimed responsibility for
the attack but Saudi Arabia is part of
the coalition of Nations targeting the
Islamic state in Iraq and Syria the Gulf
kingdom has beefed up security on its
frontier with you rock since July after
melt into the group swiftly captured
vast areas of the country a bomb
targeted a building used by Shia rebels
in the yemeni capital on monday the
blast damaged buildings and homes in
saunas East and at least one person was
injured Shia Houthi rebels have seized
large areas of the country over the last
few months fueling support for Sunni
militant groups including al-qaida's
branch in Yemen the explosion comes a
day after al Qaeda carried out a suicide
bombing in a mainly Shiite district of
the city killing at least four people
and injuring more than two dozen to u.s.
citizens of Gambian descent have been
charged in connection with a failed plot
to topple the leader of the West African
country the men who reside in Minnesota
and Texas appeared in federal court on
Monday accused of conspiracy to
overthrow a foreign government last week
gambian forces foiled an attack on the
presidential palace by a group of former
soldiers while long-term leader Yahya
Jammeh was out of the country the
president has dismissed that it was an
attempted coup instead calling it an act
of terrorism by dissidents living in the
US UK and Germany one of the men charged
is accused of financing the attempt with
plans to take power in an interim
government the other reportedly
purchased equipment and weapons ahead of
the attack somebody materials are us me
at the half
pediatric hospital in the capital of the
Central African Republic is struggling
to care for many of the two million
children caught in the two-year civil
conflict hospital staff have built tents
in the courtyard to accommodate the
growing number of malnourished children
health workers have also noted a rise in
malaria cases due to a breakdown in
treatment and prevention programs and a
number of aid agencies have reported a
recent surge in the recruitment of child
soldiers some are given no choice while
others joined because they otherwise
would have no access to shelter food and
water the UN has warned the country
faces one of the world's worst
humanitarian crises with more than
850,000 people or a fifth of the
population displaced from the violence
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
pretended Anzio moviendo bro delta del
enemigo yali todo estaba ocupado sobre
mentos mil alma ave SE en el ano para
problema que ocupamos en la Parisienne
todavia ha la policia y la policia en
que no puede
you
