it's Monday January 5th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines Italian
police estimate human traffickers made
some three million dollars from hundreds
of illegal migrants they abandoned on a
cargo ship in the Mediterranean Sea on
Friday and Icelandic coast guard vessel
towed the ezza Dean into the port of
Cornelia no Calabro locked inside the
hold of the ship were 359 migrants who
had gone five days without food or water
officials believe the migrants most of
whom are Syrian paid smugglers between
four and eight thousand dollars each to
aboard the ship from Turkey the incident
marks the second time in a week European
authorities have rescued an abandoned
ship with illegal migrants stowed aboard
there's no limit to what a father would
do for his child and no setting like
civil war to illustrate that a Syrian
man used plastic soda bottles to create
a prosthetic leg for his young daughter
the girl and her father were wounded
when a missile landed near their home on
the outskirts of Damascus the man's
injuries forced him out of work and his
daughter walked around with the
makeshift prosthetic for months before
the family could get a boot made for her
and though they've kept their daughter
mobile the parents like others across
Syria are having more trouble keeping
their child fed a new law has made
California the tenth state to give
driver's licenses to people who aren't
legal citizens there are nearly two and
a half million undocumented immigrants
living in California to apply
individuals have to provide proof of
identity and either bills or rent
statements to prove that their
California residents to receive their
licenses applicants also need to pass
written and vision exams submit a
thumbprint and take a formal driving
test the DMV has hired 900 additional
employees to prepare for the
overwhelming number of requests on
Friday the legislation went into effect
and an estimated 11,000 people applied
Hong Kong's protesters may have left the
streets but one of the city's guest
houses is keeping the revolution alive
for about 13 bucks a night the guests of
this small motel can sleep in tents
taken from actual protest sites the
building is decorated with various items
collected from the months-long
demonstrations that ended in December
following a government crackdown public
support for the movement dwindled but in
this little slice of the city
if only symbolic the hope for democracy
remains check out the Vice News YouTube
channel for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world this
is a view that we've been waiting for
for 2000 years so when people tell me
that you're living in occupied land I
point to this mountain of history and I
ask them could it be that I'm occupying
the ancestral burial grounds of my
people well what do you want us to do
pack up our bags and leave that's not a
solution for us
you
