it's Thursday January first and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines to
Mexican vigilante leaders and dozens of
their men have turned themselves in to
authorities weeks after a deadly
confrontation in the country's west
residents of michoacan state forum
self-defense forces out of frustration
that the police and military were unable
to protect the public from drug cartels
last year vigilante groups were given a
deadline to disarm and join a rural
police force but many returned claiming
the government had failed to reduce
crime and provide security in
mid-december turf war between two groups
ended in a shootout that left 11 men
dead the state security commissioner
says coming forward is a sign of
progress Syrian refugees living in
Turkey have been granted secure legal
status for the first time thanks to a
new set of government regulations Turkey
has begun distributing identification
cards to the 1.6 million display Syrians
and now hosts the cards give them access
to basic services like health care and
education as the country's nearly two
dozen refugee camps reached capacity
scores of Syrians began shuffling into
urban areas in search of jobs and more
permanent housing but while the new
provisions are designed to provide
refugees with what they need to survive
many Syrians are skeptical they'll have
any real impact on the quality of their
lives terrorism is threatening Kenya's
tourism industry the coastal city of
mombasa boasts some of the most popular
beaches in East Africa typically flooded
with tourists over the Christmas holiday
that's not the case this year an uptick
in attacks by the Somali militant group
al-shabab has kept both foreigners and
Kenyans at bay the industry shrank
nearly fifteen percent from last year
dealing a blow to local businesses but
we have to go to what we have to go to
school we have to go to wherever we are
going and it's like our security is that
GOP ID so it's it's hard innocent lives
are being lost this is crazy the
government has failed us Kenyans are
growing increasingly impatient with
president uhuru kenyatta who is
repeatedly promised to stem the
insurgency
scientists are developing a new device
that could help diagnose juvenile
diabetes with a simple breath test
researchers that Oxford University have
identified the sweet-smelling chemical
acetone as an early indicator of the
disease which affects more than 370
million people worldwide they discovered
a link between high levels of acetone
and the presence of blood ketones a
symptom of the dangerous complication
diabetic ketoacidosis with a quick blow
through a mouthpiece young patients can
be screamed without the pain of a finger
stick and blood tests the team hopes to
have the device ready for doctors
offices by mid-year check out the vice
news youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world we're going to continue to
move in there and eventually we are
going to have more Jewish communities
there and then in the end this is going
to be Israel
