it's Thursday December 25th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
five protesters are dead in northeast
India after clash with police the
demonstrators were protesting a lack of
police protection Tuesday when police
opened fire on them the protests come
after a spate of killings by a tribal
group vying for independence known as a
National Democratic Front of Bodoland
Wednesday that group killed 51 people
including women and children in four
separate coordinated attacks hundreds of
plantation workers armed with bows and
arrows and Spears surrounded the police
station in sana per district were most
of the attacks took place claiming
authorities had failed to protect them
police say the protesters try to storm
the building when they opened fire four
people are dead and at least 50 injured
after what's being described as the
worst storms in decades pummeled the
southern US 70 storms and 14 tornadoes
were reported Tuesday they destroyed
hundreds of homes
flipped cars and downed power lines
Mississippi Governor phil Bryant has
declared a state of emergency in the
hardest hit two counties where the
fatalities were reported thousands of
flights have been delayed and hundreds
more canceled on one of the busiest
travel days of the year Los Angeles
Mayor Eric Garcetti plans to equip 7,000
police officers with body cameras this
year police body cameras are one of the
reforms recommended by President Obama
following a series of shootings and
heavy-handed policing one of the things
that we know is that even if you and I
witness the same incident from the same
location at the same time oftentimes
what we witness or what we report later
is different
the United Nations is providing Sierra
Leone with equipment to help stop the
spread of the deadly Ebola virus UN
officials have delivered Sierra Leone an
autoclave a machine that decontaminates
medical waste using high-pressure steam
and vacuuming most residents have been
burning medical waste in open pits and
the country has suffered more fatalities
than any other country since the
outbreak began the machine is the first
of its kind in any of the Ebola affected
African countries and is currently up
and running at a military hospital in
Freetown the United Nations is working
on obtaining eleven more machines and
sending them to Guinea and Liberia check
out the channel for more original
reporting from around the world
