it's tuesday december twenty third and
hear some of the news beyond the
headlines a new video released by Boko
Haram shows a group executing hundreds
of Nigerians in a cramped dormitory in
the town of bhama residents living in
the Boko Haram controlled area bordering
northeastern Cameroon were previously
told by militants that they were safe
and that only government forces would be
targeted the nine-minute video was
released two days after villagers
reported that the group was rounding up
and executing elderly people in two
schools just 40 miles from gamma
thousands of people have been killed in
about 1.6 million have been driven from
their homes since fighting began five
years ago China will dispatch its first
infantry battalion as part of the United
Nations peacekeeping mission to South
Sudan 700 Chinese peacekeepers equipped
with drones armored infantry carriers
and anti-tank missiles will be deployed
starting next month the mission includes
an exclusively female squad for the
purposes of protecting women and
children in the war-torn region the
country has been in turmoil since
President Salva Kiir accused his sacked
deputy react much are of plotting a coup
last December mature then mounted a
rebel force in an attempt to seize power
the UN has more than 11,000 peacekeepers
in South Sudan which became independent
from North Sudan in 2011 South Korean
officials staged drills to test their
resilience against possible cyber
attacks at four nuclear power facilities
across the country the drills come after
a recent successful cyber attack on one
of the country's nuclear plant operators
the hackers were able to access
blueprints floor maps and other
information from the plant but South
Korean officials say the data stolen was
non-critical they have not named North
Korea or any others as perpetrators of
the attack thousands of displaced iraqis
have been living in an unfinished
shopping mall after fleeing fighting in
mosul earlier this year for Christmas
the mostly Christian refugees created a
nativity scene inside the mall the World
Food Programme estimates that about
1,600 Iraqis were living in the bear
building and more than 1.8 million
people have fled since the Islamic state
took mosel in June of 2014 over the last
week Kurdish fighters have reclaimed
strategic territory from the Islamic
state and move closer to the city of
Mosul check out the vice news youtube
channel for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
Allah so she does hello official
Australia yeah I mojada be our new dr.
Whitman LOL usual i and ii wish for
waviness irani yeah he's a warning
officer sacar el Mago SI todo del parque
nacional on
