it's Friday December 19 and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines Kenya's
parliament passed controversial
anti-terrorism laws on Thursday despite
a dramatic session of fistfights and
shouting opposition lawmakers had argued
the legislation threatened civil rights
and free speech the measures increased
the time authorities are allowed to hold
suspects without charge from 90 days to
360 days under the laws media
organizations can be punished if we
print material that is quote likely to
cause fear or alarm president uhuru
kenyatta encourage politicians to
approve the new laws the Kenyan leader
has faced mounting pressure to boost
security since Somalia al-shabaab
militants attacked Nairobi's Westgate
Mall in September 2013 killing 67 people
dogs are bludgeoned their throats were
slit and some of them were even skinned
alive animal rights group PETA has
uncovered a grisly trade in dog skin in
China during a one-year investigation
activists visited three slaughterhouses
and six processing plants they
discovered that dog skin is sold to
leather producers and that some of it
gets exported to foreign countries Peter
says part of the problem is that there's
minimal oversight to ensure dogs are
killed in a humane manner dog me is
openly served in restaurants across
China but the government hasn't admitted
to knowing about the production of dog
skin activists say the goods are widely
available across the country it looks
like a fish and swims like a fish but
it's a drone the US Navy's new ghost
swimmer robot is part of an experiment
to explore the possibilities of using
unmanned underwater vehicles America's
military has looked to biomimicry before
that is transforming designs from nature
into new technology measuring 5 feet
long and weighing in at around 100
pounds the drone can operate in water
shallow as 10 inches or dive down to 300
feet for now the ghost swimmer is
gathering data on tides currents and
weather conditions at a base in Virginia
but it could be used for intelligence
surveillance and reconnaissance missions
down the line
a two hour firefight between the
delancey groups has left at least 11
dead in western Mexico authorities say a
turf war between two group leaders
triggered the confrontation in the town
of marijuana in michoacan state local
residents formed self-defense groups in
2013 because they were concerned
security forces weren't doing enough to
protect them from the Knights Templar
drug cartel the government earlier this
year sent reinforcements to bring the
area under control but the incident is
evidence that officials have more to
wrestle with and drug gangs check out
the vice news YouTube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world este ano ba Moussa
phone says named browse la premi√®re
Traore es que entre ellos es membrane
porky era facil mute are de banda
delinquency al obando eliminado EDS
empezar nadas membr our comparison our
tear or miedoso sobre mi de lo que les
pasa que los sapos a que ellos que se
van al otro lado
