it's wednesday december 17th and hear
some of the news beyond the headlines
spanish police arrested a colombian man
suspected of operating a network of hit
men in europe and coordinating large
shipments of cocaine worldwide police
say Victor Alfonso is also suspected of
being a hit man himself for the Columbia
base asuka clan a group considered by
Mexican and American authorities to be a
paramilitary organization responsible
for drug running assassinations
hostage-taking and extortions Alfonso
was arrested just outside Madrid with a
fake Mexican ID and two luxury cars the
NGO reporters without borders installed
a giant container in front of the Eiffel
Tower to bring attention to the 66
journalists killed this year while in
the field the group also issued a report
that says kidnappings are up thirty-five
percent from last year and estimates
that forty journalists are currently
being held hostage syria's identified as
the most dangerous country for
journalists followed by the Palestinian
territories Ukraine Iraq and Libya
protesters performed a symbolic cleanup
of Petrobras a state-run oil company
that's been involved in a series of
corruption scandals worth billions of
dollars last week Brazilian prosecutors
filed criminal charges against 36 people
including top executives for alleged
involvement in a massive kickback stream
at Petrobras prosecutors say billions of
dollars were paid as bribes to the
company by several engineers to secure
lucrative contracts dressed as garbage
collectors with rubber gloves stained
with oil protestors voiced concerns over
the diversion of public money away from
the already lacking national services a
bar in Buenos Aires allows people to
release their frustrations in a healthy
way by breaking a bunch of for less
than fifteen dollars at the break Club
customers can smash bottles and put
bricks through TV sets they can even
throw darts at a dartboard with a photo
of the German soccer team that
embarrassed Argentina at the 2014 World
Cup final the bar scene over 1500
clients in less than two years and the
founder says that's due to a large
amount of social unease in the city like
daily protests blocking the roads with
traffic and over a thousand daily
complaints of threats or assaults
against women
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world it's
kind of like a game of you know move
counter move it's chess every time these
guys run an operation the narco
traffickers find a better way to hide
the drugs one of the things that they
told us in the brief is like you can't
really profile because of this region
everybody can be moving coca deep
