so we embedded on a series of
interdictions with the Peruvian special
forces from ground operations to
maritime controls looking for drugs on
the rivers and while the authorities
have had some success the bry is still
largely uncovered territory and one of
the primary methods for moving drugs out
of the region is by air we joined a
special operations platoon on a
reconnaissance mission to find one of
the hundreds of illegal air strips
throughout the countryside what we saw
blew our minds the Toronto Special
Operations guys have an intelligence tip
about the clinton airfield from here
we're going to patrol to where the air
strips supposed to be halo confessor
normal maintain refer to the Lord
Impaler we color to the granite in a
necessity area well okay in the
sarcophagus
fighting drug trafficking in this region
is just a game of cat and mouse you film
illegal airstrip in the jungle the
authorities find it they disable it you
build it somewhere else
this is was a clandestine airstrip for
the last 10 years you can actually see
it if you look down this path right here
you could easily land a small Cessna
what is looking for a 20 minute window
our house you know Apple you set them
out from throw control enough this hole
which looks like it was blown up by the
Toronto that counter-narcotics forces
was actually made by the narco
traffickers themselves so what they do
is they come out here and they dig this
hole in the middle of the runway so that
from aerial photographs and from
satellites
it looks like the runways already been
destroyed but instead what they do is
when they want to use that they come out
here two hours they fill it back in it's
a functional runway and they they they
land the plane and they smuggle the
drugs right out of here
the counter truck guys just placed the
explosives in the hole the explicit
they're using today our combination of
semtex and good old-fashioned dynamite
the next stage of the process is that
they're gonna put the actual blasting
caps which detonate the charge what this
guy's doing right now is the most
technical part of demolition he's
capping in or connecting the blasting
cap to this yellow detonation cord so
right now these explosives are fully
connected to those giant big explosives
that are buried underground and if
anything was to set off this charge we'd
all be blown the up so he just went
the time fuse right here it's burning
now we have five minutes until this
thing explodes you can see the you can
see the fire traveling down the
explosion right here as soon as this
burns the end of the wait and hits this
yellow that's when this thing detonates
five minutes we're out of here
I'm standing in the crater from the
middle of the runway from the explosive
charge you just detonated and it's about
15 feet wide and about eight to ten feet
deep and there's four of these giant
craters down the length of the runway
rendering it inoperable for a flight the
problem is it took us about two and a
half hours to set up the explosive
charges here and probably take a couple
of narco-traffickers and a couple of
farmers about an hour to fill in these
holes and use this runway again
