it's Tuesday December 16th and hear some
of the news beyond the headlines
scientists are looking into the past to
gain a better understanding of the
future of Arctic sea ice researchers are
studying tens of thousands of ship log
books that date as far back as 1850 the
handwritten measurements and
descriptions give insight into how thick
the ice was and where it previously
existed scientists say the more data
they have the more accurate their ice
loss models will be arctic sea ice has
been dramatically shrinking since
satellite observations began in the late
1970s Disney's first Christmas film
which was lost long ago has been found
right in time for the holidays
archivists have restored and digitized
the 1927 animated short empty socks
after inspecting reels of nitrate film
at Norway's National Archive in the
cartoon Oswald the Lucky Rabbit a
predecessor of Mickey Mouse dresses up a
Santa Claus and celebrates Christmas
with a group of orphans Norway now has
the most complete version of empty socks
at five and a half minutes but up to
another minute is still missing three
Israeli men have been charged with arson
for torching a school that tries to
foster coexistence in a deeply divided
Jerusalem late last month a classroom
was set on fire at the hand in hand
school which teaches unity among Arabs
and Israelis graffiti on the wall Reed's
death to Arabs classes weren't in
session at the time of the incident the
men who are between 18 and 22 years old
are members of the far-right group
rahiba which discourages personal and
professional ties between Arabs and Jews
the attack is just one in a string of
events that illustrate the recent surge
of hatred in the old city several
thousand people have protested in the
Hungarian capital against budget cuts
and alleged government corruption
rallies against Prime Minister Viktor
Orban have become a regular occurrence
over the past two months sparked by a
failed attempt to tax internet use the
government passed the 2015 budget on
Monday which is expected to raise taxes
in the public transportation energy and
retail industries among others many of
the protesters are young educated
middle-class citizens who say they
aren't happy with the direction or bomb
is taking
closer to the Kremlin and further away
from the European Union check out the
vice news youtube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world hainan a special
abbado Mabuza jammu kashmir bernardito
yesh yesh antibiotico Muslim taka solemn
cologna acha laga hoon a fresh lava the
hoke missoni the harmonium buddha tossed
inshallah
I
