it's Monday December 8th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines Maoist
rebels in eastern India have reportedly
beheaded a former member for fleeing the
cause police discovered the body of 25
year old Amit's Karm car while on patrol
in Jharkhand State on Sunday a poster
found at the crime scene claimed that
calm car was a fugitive that once
belonged to the BA kua rebel group the
Maoist have for 50 years fought to
overthrow the government to establish
their own State Indian officials
frequently referred to the rebels as
their biggest security challenge
authorities in Northern California have
cleared the jungle one of America's
largest homeless camps for more than a
decade the 68 acre site has housed
hundreds of people at a time in the
heart of Silicon Valley a tech boom has
made the area one of the most expensive
in the country to live in
forcing low-wage workers onto the
streets San Jose public officials had
been under enormous pressure by
frustrated neighbors to close the camp
on Thursday with the help of
construction workers dozens of police
officers and social workers began to
take down flimsy tents and makeshift
shelters dwellers reluctantly dragged
away their belongings or face the threat
of arrest dismantling the jungle is part
of a 4 million dollar project to house
as many of the city's homeless people as
possible a number of Asian countries
have rushed to get drinking water to the
Maldives
the Maldivian government declared a
state of emergency on Friday after a
fire broke out at the main water
treatment plant in the capital male
cutting supplies to more than a hundred
thousand people India Sri Lanka
Bangladesh and China have sent thousands
of tons of clean water to help the
island nation which depends on treated
sea water South Africa is adding man's
best friend to the arsenal of weapons
it's using to battle poaching a record
1020 African rhinos have been killed for
their horns so far this year rhino horn
is worth more than cocaine on the Asian
black market and is prized for its
medicinal and decorative uses South
Africa has boosted patrols in the areas
where the country's 20,000 wild rhinos
roam and has moved some of the animals
outside of the country to protect them
and now the government is training
Shepherd dogs to use their razor-sharp
sense of smell to track rhino poachers
the way surveillance drones and
Park Rangers aren't able to check out
the vice news YouTube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world
yeah Anna didn't say I'd in quality hi
there
stash head carnot ma√±ana con shahadat
blossom at la hustle it was my 15-year
all the gossip Hinata honor shift
stepfather what id
