it's wednesday december third and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
the ukrainian military on tuesday
accused pro-russia separatists of
violating a renewed ceasefire agreement
signed earlier in the day a statement
posted on facebook alleges that rebels
attacked ukrainian forces at donetsk
airport which has been reduced to rubble
from shelling and daily battles for
several months both sides of repeatedly
violated a truce reached an early
September Ukraine also claims that
russian special forces are fighting in
the bitterly contested city but the
Kremlin continues to deny sending tanks
and troops to boost rebel efforts in the
east cyber citizenship has become a
reality of the 21st century anyone
anywhere can now open a bank account or
start a business in Estonia the Eastern
European country hopes to attract
foreign investors with the world's first
ear NC card allowing anyone with an
internet connection to access all of
estonia's online services the government
hopes to attract 10 million residents by
2025 for now interested applicants must
travel to the country to have their
identity verified with fingerprints and
biometrics but in the future virtual
embassies will eliminate that
requirement flinging Estonia's digital
borders wide open
kosovo authorities destroyed thousands
of weapons on tuesday in an ongoing
effort to increase security in the
Balkan nation more than 2,000 guns
sniper rifles an ak-47 was thrown into a
furnace and melted down to make manhole
cover the weapons were seized in police
operations are taken from evidence
storage rooms most of Kosovo's eluded
firearms a remnant of the country's war
with Serbia in the late 1990s and a
fallen into the hands of civilians
Vladimir Putin has killed more than a
dozen Chinese goats well not exactly but
authorities are blaming the deaths on
one of three Siberian tigers released
into the wild by the Russian president
in May the rare Cubs found starving in a
remote region in 2008 were rehabilitated
towards a hunt and freed in one of the
most famed photo ops of Putin's
presidency one of the Tigers named you
steam was spotted in northeast China on
Tuesday a witness says some of the goat
skulls were crushed with finger sized
punctures state media agency Xinhua has
warned residents not to throw food at
loose teen if they spot him check out
the vice news youtube channel for more
original reporting the documentary it's
me around the world what it does is it
it saves lives and that's sort of the
bottom line you know people are gonna
relapse and get high maybe need it more
than once to powder recovery it's a part
of addiction people going back out there
if there wasn't knocking available I
wouldn't be here
you
