it's Tuesday night in Ferguson we're
back at in the streets last night the
grand jury announcement came out with a
non indictment for Darren Wilson as many
here expected tonight started fairly
quietly outside the Ferguson Police
Department where protesters have been
assembling for months now you can't
quite tell just through in a provoked in
here it was trying to press out the
other side casters it's kind of you know
both sides are waiting for they're going
to snap you can hear people behind us
you know yelling the police I would
say that's probably the extent of the
provocation I've seen here below they
came to nothing
how's the hood this ain't no is the fog
this our goal is anchor
until yesterday all of you guys were
waiting for the indictment and now that
there is no indictment what's next this
is a peaceful protest
what's unlawful about a standard on the
sidewalks not in the streets not Luton
not riding not breaking their buildings
but they're gonna maybe ten fifteen
minutes ago protesters started marching
away from the Ferguson Police Department
we're now behind City Hall
they smash the windows of a police whore
turn it around a couple times that's
right behind us police has actually just
arrived on the scene so they're trying
out a bit closer or they actually set
the car on fire protesters to disperse
get off the street or face arrest
the helicopter sunlight but we all just
start kind of moving back a bunch of
armored vehicles sold in and started
pushing people back that's where you see
all the people behind us you go to jail
whatever they're saying before that but
I'm definitely smooth or something I'll
go college after they pushed us out they
rush the car that was parked in the
parking lot they pull the guy out pull
him to the floor and arrested him
they're not pushing back anybody that's
trying to the close to that as you can
see that their home behind us
police are not talking everybody to go
back to their cars doesn't listen to
them on estate but still there weren't
any people on the streets except for
those of us that got pushed into the
streets by police
the alarm went off and then went out
here and I look they must have just hit
just the tap with a window since that's
there long enough so other than that we
find it looks like they all back down
there we got National Guard just stated
there it's terrible mario's what they're
doing here no they said they selves they
don't go by the hip crew the only thing
they're here for is to protect the
police station the police station at 25
million dollar police station that they
just building yeah
what are you doing up there
so you're there just in case somebody
wants to send this building on fire
it's organization
military
missourian you can't use force to stop a
rape you can use force to stop a murder
and you can use force to stop an arson
so you got water to stop the arson what
do you have to stop the other stuff are
you armed
I do
I can see about three guys on this
rooftop up here and then a few more on
the top of the beautiful work shop that
was broken into last night the store is
now boarded up as a most of the stores
on West Florissant and other streets
here in Ferguson also tonight we have
more than 2100 National Guard that were
sent protecting the police department
you know the National Guard is out in
Ferguson in August and September as well
but for the most part they stew by and
Nike knows we're ready to help police if
necessary but they didn't really come
out on to the streets but tonight we saw
them help with arrest they've been
dragging people across the street and
into the police station
tonight started out relatively peaceful
there were a few hundred protesters
gathered in the parking lot here we saw
the same scene over and over again we
saw police pushing forward across the
street but that's there's pushing back
and kind of like both sides looking to
see which side it's not first seem it
seemed like both were provoking each
other and stopping short of doing
something waiting to see if we would
start it and then right where we're
standing there's another line of police
officers that just a few minutes ago put
on gas masks I asked them if we should
expect to get tear-gassed anytime so
they don't really respond it's been
really mostly peaceful protesters
provoking police largely verbally not I
haven't really seen any violence with
the exception of the police car that was
burned down earlier but out here at the
Ferguson Police Department things were
you know tens but relatively peaceful
until police decided to disperse the
crowd
