it's Black Friday November 28th and
here's some of the news beyond the
headlines it's a race between the chill
pills and our rookie cookie the holiday
shopping season has officially begun and
Colorado's marijuana dispensaries are
ending the state's first year of legal
sales with what they claim are the best
bargains yet from door Busters and
special strains to gift sets and edibles
spiked with seasonal flavors like
pumpkin and sweet potato smoke shops
hope to attract customers old and new so
whether they've been naughty or nice it
won't cost much for weed enthusiasts to
catch a buzz one of the world's largest
online retailers has gone to great
lengths to maximize its efficiency in
packing and shipping goods two years
after a major acquisition of tech firm
Kiva systems Amazon has dispatched up to
10,000 robots at some of its US
warehouses the orange wheeled machines
referred to as Pickers haul four foot by
six foot shelves of merchandise to
workers for scanning without them
employees would run up to 20 miles up
and down the aisles every day the robots
are also expected to help the
seattle-based company grapple with
rising fulfillment costs but even with
state-of-the-art technology Amazon will
still rely on some 80,000 temporary
workers to get through the holiday
season Americans buy the most guns
during this time of year and the FBI is
having a hard time keeping track of
where they wind up 186 thousand firearm
sales didn't make it through the vetting
process last year and the government has
blamed States for failing to provide
thorough and timely updates on their
customers but the FBI is also
overwhelmed with requests the National
instant criminal background check system
runs about 58,000 entries on an average
day on Black Friday last year that
jumped to one hundred and forty five
thousand or nearly two checks a second
to minimize any chance of a repeat for
this post Thanksgiving Rush a hundred
additional workers will pitch in to help
the 500 member staff at the agency's
Criminal Justice Center in West Virginia
what's billed as America's busiest
shopping day of the year also means big
business across the Atlantic merchants
in the UK are offering deep discounts to
shoppers the day after Thanksgiving a
holiday that isn't observed their Black
Friday first emerged in the UK in 2010
2014 is predicted to be the most
competitive year so far with top brands
like Tesco and Marks & Spencer getting
in on the action
big chains have hired thousands of
overtime workers and beefed up security
to brace for the stampedes of shoppers
lined up to take part in the discount
frenzy but a challenge remains for some
retailers many British shoppers still
don't know what Black Friday is or where
it came from
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world not
only does it surprise at most def
endearment pudiera mother series del
paraiso
pero el sistema de Gavino get the name
on the Maspero son el mundo the
intercessor lo que hace que me o Sebulba
peligro
you
