we say to you fear Allah do not oppress
the Muslim we will stand for his love we
will stand for the Sharia we will start
for a boosting brother whether you hate
it for whether you like it
my name is Avram Issa and I'm 29 years
old I converted to Islam around 10 years
ago and I've been engaged in activities
that are you know calling for the
implementation of the Shariah you know
I've had the opportunity to you know be
in the company of people like unguent
Audrey and study under him and you know
that has led me to an understanding of
how beautiful Islam and the Sharia is
and what Islam can offer when I
converted to Islam it was post 9/11 so
for me Aslam was like the talking point
in the media I'm sure like many British
people or Christian or atheist they
would get offended when someone tells
them that you know that the life they
are leading it will lead to Hellfire but
if you just you know reflect for a bit
and think look ultimately lets you know
swallow your pride and adopt their path
which is which is better for us when the
Islamic state is established you know
there will be a foreign policy and if
there is no treaty with this country
then there will be you know a policy of
warfare on the 27th of September I
bought a Mesa fled the UK after being
released on conditional bail he failed
to comply with the conditions of his
release and boarded a bus to Paris with
his wife and children and is now
believed to have joined the Islamic
state in Syria along with eight other
suspects Alberto Mesa was arrested in a
series of door raids carried out by UK
anti-terror police on suspicion of
supporting the banned terrorist
organization Al Muhajiroun
over the last year and a half I sneeze
has interviewed Alberto Mesa about his
campaigns impose Sharia law in the UK as
well as his views on Britain's foreign
policy
radical Islamist preacher Anjem Choudary
was one of the nine suspects arrested on
the same day as Alberto Mesa while still
on conditional bail we went to me Anjan
to find out more about Alberto mesas
departure to join the Islamic state can
you talk about the recent raid where
both yourself and I born away so were
arrested as you know the government had
a vote in parliament on the 26th of
September this year where they voted to
ban Muslims and murder them in Iraq and
Syria and their readiness the day before
they said to our lawyer that they
thought that we were planning some kind
of attack that we had declared that
there was no covenant or security
obviously was a complete lie and as your
plasma taken yeah they took my passport
yeah they took my driving license they
took about 80 bags of items as part of
theirs the so-called bail conditions
well the bail conditions are so far away
I assume so obviously I didn't see his
his particular warrant and his
conditions of I assume there were
exactly the same
the police is saying that he's in Syria
it wouldn't surprise me but this is what
I understand that he left he was asked
to hand in his passport I think from
what the police is saying he took his
possible and he went abroad with his
family you're talking about a region now
which is bigger than Britain all of the
vices like you know alcohol drugs
pornography prostitution gambling etc
are completely eradicated they provide
the basic needs for the people in terms
of food clothing and shelter things like
water gas electricity cetera free of
charge and of course you have a
summing-up education and all of the
other things which the sami state is
obliged to provide so you know it's
definitely a fair system is what we be
struggling for for the last 20 years at
least you know some of us in this
country so I think that you know it is a
dream of every Muslim to live under the
Sharia and to bring up his children by
the Sharia do anything it's a bit weird
that he's taking his children to well
effectively a war zone well if his thing
is not the whole the whole country is in
a war zone you see this is what people
misunderstand it's not a guerrilla
warfare it's not like people are on the
mountains of I don't know Tora Bora or
somewhere where they're being bombed you
know it's very secure and very safe for
the people I think it's more safe than
this country indeed though he's taken as
far as I understand is via Paris is that
like a collar route I don't know about
the route you guys
question-there stop talking about the
features of hate there stop talking
about unguent Audrey as being the
problem he's not the problem the real
preachers of hate are David Cameron the
real preachers of hate and violence are
you know those you know MPs in
Parliament who are allowing soldiers to
fire bullets of extremism innocent men
women and children out you know in
Afghanistan legit notice is this Islam
it's love it's long over here is a small
business for Iran a bouncy castle high
business so initially this this den was
used for storing all this material but
the more we got much more involved in
our campaign to realize that you know
space was needed for our our materials I
would like my my family to embrace Islam
you know when you read the description
of Hellfire and the Day of Judgment you
know it's something that is very very
tough and to know that someone that has
grown up with you for many years is
going to go down that path as well if
they don't change of course that is
something that hurts but you know I can
only you don't you can only try your
best
so how can we yourself didn't know what
I don't have fast my doing well but with
all of this when people had a possible
well I basically said which is a lot of
people said is that when I when I go if
and when I go I'll go openly publicly
and I'll make that make sure that there
is clear that you know this kind of
action just to go there to live there
with your family you know it's not
actually you know a criminal events they
need to make that clear so I because I
think many Muslims are want to go there
now there's no doubt
people make mistakes you know there may
be some misapplication or Sharia here or
that but that does not negate the fact
that it is an Islamic state and they're
implementing the Sharia which they need
to to be classified as an Islamic state
so do you believe Oh Beryl Mason would
have gone to Syria to live what's a
fight I think you would have gone there
to live quite frankly I mean you know I
can't postulate because you know I'm not
with him so I can't say anything about
his own situation you know I didn't even
know he was there quite frankly all I
knew was that he didn't turn up you know
to the court the other day when we were
reviewing the bail conditions well if
you were to find out he wanted to come
back
what if he wants to come back it's
entirely up to him as me I don't know
what his situation is I mean you know
what we poor he found out that you want
to go to Indonesia or if we found out
you know that he's a and then I'm being
nominated as the Khalifa I mean you know
you could say many things but the point
is is that Britain we assume he's living
under the Islamic state it's what he
wanted to do but I think definitely he
wanted to go to the Islamic state and he
want to live there and we have his
children that you know witnessed the
Sharia he said that to most of the media
he even said he was willing to give up
his citizenship so it's no surprise
really that he said about that
so we believe that we're never there
sure is established the pure Islamic
state may be in Iraq or Syria I one day
that you know the leader when the agency
had and annex written into these I would
state we're not going to forget Europe
we're not going to forget written the
armies will be sent here to conquer
