it's Monday November 24th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
Shia ruthie rebels have driven al-qaeda
out of one of the group's remaining
strongholds in central Yemen pothi
fighters to control valve I thought
province with the help of government
forces for weeks they fought deadly
battles with Sunni tribesmen backed by
al-qaeda affiliate and Saudis chetia
some residents have welcomed the Houthi
takeover claiming life under the rebels
is an improvement from one threatened by
repeated US drone strikes that targeted
Sydney militants security forces in the
West African nation of Togo dispersed a
demonstration on Friday organised by
thousands of people calling for
presidential term limits protesters
threw stones at police who blocked them
from approaching a square in the capital
LeMay where they plan to hold the rally
security forces responded with tear gas
and rubber bullets term limits were
removed from Tobi's constitution in 2002
earlier this year the ruling party voted
down a bill that would have reintroduced
them demonstrators are urging the
government to implement the proposal
which would force president full messing
Bay to step down next year
an outbreak of the plague has killed
dozens of people on the african island
nation of madagascar over the past three
months the World Health Organization is
warning the bacterial disease could
rapidly spread in the capital
antananarivo and that the country's poor
health care system isn't equipped to
cope the plague is carried by rodents
and spread by fleas if humans are bitten
by infected fleas they develop bubonic
plague which can be treated with
antibiotics which aren't widely
available in the country if the bacteria
reaches the lungs and turns into
pneumonic plague it can kill people
within 24 hours the Crimean Peninsula is
facing a foreign invader but it's
probably not what you think fishermen
have caught deadly Japanese puffer fish
in sevastopol Bay causing scientists to
scratch their heads over how the
tropical creature ended up there the
organs of the puffer fish or FUBU are
filled with poison deadlier than cyanide
and its liver contains enough toxin to
kill five men puffer fish are delicacy
in Japan but chefs need a special
license to prepare and serve it
researchers in Crimea say the fish pose
a threat to the wildlife of the Black
Sea and to the local population check
out the vice news youtube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
teleport the Karina tada Dorchester
kintu jaw report the poor egg ouray a
tighter go note version hoi Tod the door
shoe is I'm gonna pour the courage no
son gonna do some Karina mother father
brother so kashiwazaki as a reporter
Karina telugu no dose una Carrera to do
damn man whore
I just might get out of you
