we never had it that busy where we sold
over 200 guns in three days almost 100
percent if not 100 percent of my firearm
sales in the last 10 days or so have
been directly related to and one way or
another to the Ferguson incident I'm
personally gonna be our protesting I'm
not planning to keep nobody door I'm not
planning to steal anything but I'm
planning to let my voice be heard that
the fact that what happened out there
outside my door right here out this
window was wrong if he get off no
telling what was happening
three months ago this corner of West
Florissant Ave and Canfield Drive was
the center point of protest after Mike
Brown was killed today things are a lot
calmer but that could change soon as the
city waits to hear whether or not a
grand jury will indict Darren Wilson on
charges related to Mike Brown's death
businesses around you have taken to
boarding up their windows a sort of a
precautionary measure and governor jay
Nixon has even pre-entry called in the
National Guard
he said that was to ensure safety for
some of the citizens around here but
others have said that's only contributed
to the climate of fear on November 18th
Missouri governor jay Nixon announced
the formation of the Ferguson Commission
an independent citizen group intended to
address the social and economic issues
affecting the community peace I have a
responsibility to the state that we
maintain and keep safety and that would
protect property and obviously there
were times before which property was
damaged to make sure that I'm not get
into any specific operation for the
state the unified commands gonna be out
there they've been out there for the
last hundred days working to establish
relationships this is not about 95% of
people being safe or 95 percent of
people that want to speak having the
right to speak this is about a hundred
percent of people being safe at 100
people at one speak having the right
speed thank you all very very much
councilman Rodney apse lives in Jennings
the town right next to Ferguson he was
instrumental in getting the Jennings
Police Department disbanded in 2011
after numerous complaints about
corruption and excessive use of force on
black residents a lot of people are
saying and presuming that there won't be
an indictment how do you feel about that
I think to also be indicted I think the
facts are there is also it's costing too
much money and and he caused these
problems what he did was improper it was
wrong it cost a man's that his life is
costing too much money so I think he's
gonna be indict people are still upset
with with the system of how things are
going especially if general Wilson's
gonna get off without any sort of
indictment if you get off no telling
what would happen
yes it has yes it has on the business
side it hurt you know what uh not only
myself but other business everybody felt
that and like I say a lot of times you
the news of hype and you kind of have a
mystery and when the boards and just
went up recently I mean it's it seems
like hey we're almost in a war zone
again and nothing is even happened so
people just tend to stay away from this
area you know we're headed right now to
the Campfield green apartment complex
that's where Mike Brown was shot and
killed three months ago when the
protests were just kicking off I spent
some time with some of the young men
there and we're gonna talk to them and
see how things have changed in the past
few months
we acquired this yo-yo party yeah all
right Steve odd you were saying before
three months ago you told me right here
that you think things are gonna change
they can't stay the same
you still think things gonna change no
no no better I apart yeah
what about in terms of it depends on the
weather forever yeah try to wait to the
snow and although that won't have no
effect on you because the will is I mean
way way way stronger than the flesh you
don't be out and I could say I'm
personally gonna be our protesting I'm
not planning to kick it nobody door
I'm not putting to steal anything but
I'm planning to let my voice be heard
that the fact that what happened out
there
outside my door right here out this
window was wrong I don't want to have a
three-year-old you know I got - yeah I'm
gonna have to bring him up in this
society I'm gonna have to explain an end
day you know they listen in this person
because for no reason at all but I mean
that's the society we live in
obviously because of what happened out
here there's another black man game
killed yeah and that's exactly what this
conversation is not happening all across
the country to people talking about how
how about you bullshitting back by the
police especially it has lots of these
young black man I mean do you think the
conversation is changing what's
especially trans um do you think like
you hear people talking about whatever
you learn what are your friends saying
what do you guys hear right now do you
think that we all know not to admit I'm
gonna say with the police we know
that it is
all right we just seen how all of the
step enough can affect you know we would
see what affecting have you got us
national attention they got everybody
you know seeing how things are down so I
mean if any type of conversation change
this only is changing but we still know
yeah if I see a police walking down the
street now and you know I see some
hundred dollars on the ground you better
believe I'm not gonna pick up still the
same killing you what are you doing
that's what we trying to change that's
that's why we needed them back that's
the whole woman was protesting we need
an indictment to change stuff like that
I had what Bruce Lee the law when I was
fourteen I'm strolling rocks at a school
and police rolled up on me and told good
is gun out on 14 years old I was
fourteen years old
put his gun down on me told me get on my
knees told me get down on the ground I
got on the ground and kicked me in my
face that's only brush I have had with
police so you can imagine it you know
what my feelings are yeah and keep in
mind I had a family in law enforcement
my close family you know I mean like
people that I actually look like you
know I wanna
anything with my brother's like busting
my crown is mine having it wet if my
ground had a weapon I would be here
right now I wouldn't I would be like hey
yeah do we have to do it he had a gun if
you had a knife it was an altercation he
had a knife he didn't have nothing and
it's crazy for me to watch somebody on
TV talk about when he was charging me do
this this way it's hard for me to watch
somebody defend Darren Wilson at all
because of the simple fact that Mike
Brown had no weapon like what threat I'm
out of you if you're an officer you
gotta put time you got a badge on it
listen officer I'm a black man in
America you mentioned family law
enforcement and you also mention that
you go you wanna see more black ops I
mean if you one of your friends ever
considered becoming the police officer
no I don't think I want to be a police
officer unless I had to
so pursue my career has you know as a
prosecutor which is what I plan to you
know do my crit my major was criminal
justice and I don't have a problem with
you know the actual you know justice
system I mean I can't say that I have a
problem with the justice system that is
skewed you know I think we want to be a
part of it more you know to change it
because you know it's ridiculous
everything that goes on I'm not a person
who thinks you know every person would
go to jail should be fruit yeah I'm the
person who big justice should be serving
in this case you know justice Lee be
served I want to be a prosecutor to lock
up people like very Muslim people who
shoot people without guns
what are you shooting a employees a kid
right away from you you know I mean
everybody will make mistakes I ain't
gonna make mistakes 18 when you ate two
years old who had did make mistakes when
he was 18 you know when you 18 years old
you got a million
to make mistakes to make Celyn you know
he ain't you to chance to fix its
mistake not supposed to cost you your
life it doesn't we're about a 15-minute
drive from Ferguson right now outside a
metro shooting supply store and this
climate of fear that's persisting
throughout the local communities you've
seen stores like this huge increase in
their sales now we've heard that this
store right here has seen their sales
increase three to eight hundred percent
since last year we've seen a lot of
stories about the National Guard coming
in about people being concerned I mean
have you noticed an uptick in your
business we have seen an uptick in our
business Monday through Friday was just
unbelievable sales and then the weekend
hit again and it was so busy we'd never
had it that busy where we sold over 200
guns in three days and you attribute
that all to what's gonna happen with
this grand jury decision coming in yeah
I would tell you that almost 100 percent
if not 100 percent of my firearm sales
in the last 10 days or so have been
directly related to and one way or
another to the Ferguson incident
generally this time year's hunting
season so we sell hunting guns and
scopes and slings and and things for
hunting this year oh it hasn't been that
it's been all personal defense so have
you seen a lot of as it been mostly
white people have come in to buy a gun
knows it next no it's been a huge mix I
mean we're a North County community so
community stores so our clientele is you
know we have 50% black people feathers
and white people but we've had Asian
business owners coming in buy guns we've
had Arabic business owners coming in
buying is we've had everybody been
mostly I mean has a large part of it
been business owners has it been mixed
everything it's everything what's the
most popular guy that you love and
buying this is a Smith & Wesson
bodyguard all right so we're gonna
verify it's empty yeah that's one of the
most popular guns out there these
revolvers have been very very popular
we're completely out of so you have some
are just completely sold out yes
yeah yeah a lot of models in and we've
been getting them in we just got 200
guns in yesterday to kind of replenish
what we've sold and I think they'll be
gone by the end of this weekend really
Wow
what are you doing here today I'm just
shooting I haven't shot in a little bit
so scan a little practice and why are
you getting a little breakfast just to
protect our home I have a six year old
boy and you know thought it'd be okay to
keep us safe and you know a wife and I
came in last night and Steve gave us
some good advice and you know we thought
we utilize it so we're taking shifts on
coming over and practicing ready so
there's a lot of concern that something
could happen with your grand jury comes
down with the decision people aren't
happy absolutely
and is that just you or your neighbors
your friends are they all feel the same
way everybody feels I'm like co-workers
friends family where do you are you
lived in Ferguson or in this running
Fenton Missouri
how far is that for me it's about a half
hour 40 minutes away so what are you
expecting to happen I have no idea what
to expect I don't know if it's gonna get
ugly I don't know if something peaceful
I have no idea what you want any
prepared Janice Missouri st. Louis
Missouri
born and raised so that's right near
where everything happened with with Mike
Brown yeah five minutes away
what are your concerns in the word that
things are basically things could happen
yeah I mean if it doesn't go the right
way I mean I was I was here when it
happened in August when everything went
down so I mean it could you know get a
little bit worse you know with the
expectations of if he doesn't get
indicted so you know if they did what
they did in August just because of what
happened if he doesn't get indicted then
you know it can kind of escalate and you
know come my way so I'm only five
minutes away from me
you
