it's Tuesday November 18th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
nearly a thousand women demonstrated in
the Kenyan capital on Monday to say
they'll wear whatever they want the
rally was organized about two weeks
after a woman wearing a miniskirt was
stripped naked by a group of men in
downtown nairobi she was accused of
tempting bystanders with her choice of
clothing police say they haven't
launched an investigation into the
incident because the victim didn't file
a complaint protestors chanted my dress
my choice and shame shame as they march
toward the bus terminal where the attack
took place they say they're frustrated
that the police don't take sex crimes
seriously and that sex offenders receive
lacs punishments Burkina Faso has named
an interim president offering a glimmer
of hope that the West African nation is
on the path back to democracy former
foreign minister Michelle calf Ando was
appointed by committee of political and
military leaders on Monday the retired
diplomat will choose a prime minister to
form a government until elections are
held late next year Burkina Faso's army
took over after longtime president
Blaise Compaore a was forced out of
power on October 31st the fondos
appointment was announced in time to
avoid sanctions by the African Union
Thai police on Monday said they were
looking for two American tourists who
were questioned over the weekend for
trying to ship preserved body parts to
the US on Saturday shipping company DHL
intercepted three packages that were
labeled as toys in bound for Las Vegas
discovered inside were a baby's head and
foot an adult heart and a sheet of
tattooed skin the items were preserved
in containers filled with the chemical
formaldehyde police say the body parts
were stolen from a medical museum that
displays preserved remains many from
murder victims authorities say the two
men fled the country for cambodia on
sunday
polish scientists are using gaming to
treat disabled and autistic children
engineers from the Glee Whitsitt
Polytechnic have created a virtual world
inside a 3d cave by using games and
colorful puzzles they say kids who
aren't stimulated by traditional
physical therapy can stay focused for
longer periods of time the system is
similar to one used to simulate combat
exercises for soldiers
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world that
you build dating not manage in a jacuzzi
