it's Thursday November 13th and choose
some of the news beyond the headlines
dhankawadi moody mom the UN says opium
poppy cultivation in Afghanistan has hit
a record high despite a 13-year campaign
by us-led forces to wipe the lucrative
crop out more than half a million acres
of poppy plants that's roughly the size
of Texas are grown mostly in the
volatile Helmand province where British
troops were stationed until last month
Afghanistan grows eighty percent of the
world's opium which can be turned into
heroin or morphine or simply smoked on
its own Iran is showing off what it
claims as a replica of a US surveillance
drone it captured in 2011 state
television broadcast this footage on
Wednesday showing a black aircraft
flying over mountains before landing at
an air base the head of the aerospace
division of iran's elite Revolutionary
Guard says at least two of the drones
will be built before mass production
begins sometime next year absolutely
unspeakable acts of violence have
occurred in our schools technology
developed for use by the US military in
war zones could help American schools
prevent mass shootings a school in
Massachusetts has tested an active
shooter sensor system which functions
like a smoke alarm for gunfire and could
help police quickly catch an assailant
the system was developed by a
massachusetts-based company in
partnership with the government's
military technology development division
DARPA during a live demonstration a
gunman fired dummy rounds inside rooms
and hallways of the school within a
second sensors alerted teachers
administrators in the police where the
gun shots came from
six of the world's largest banks have
been fined a total of four point three
billion dollars for letting their
traders attempt to manipulate currency
markets Citibank JP Morgan Chase Bank of
America and three European banks agreed
to the settlements on Wednesday global
regulators say traders used nicknames
like the 18 and the three musketeers to
plot moves in Internet chat rooms at the
expense of their clients check out the
vice news youtube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world come inside JP
what happe what money when after a
module in Michelle we're ah well after
my son has do one what is Irene what i
said hi beam are you HOT keenness oh
gosh I'm Cheyenne's Olivia why you had
Kayla up bill I'm Rica
