two years today since sandy hit the
worst natural disaster in the history of
New York City so New York City has
trillions in assets along the coast as
sea levels rise we're gonna see more
people at risk more infrastructure and
more property at risk you know it's two
years I don't even think we scratch the
surface yet so it's October 29th it's a
two-year anniversary of hurricane sandy
we're on the Verrazano Bridge right now
heading to Staten Island the areas were
headed to Midland Beach and New Dorp on
Staten Island
these were two of the really hardest hit
areas so we're gonna go take a look at
them and see how they're bouncing back
Steve chatty has lived the nude or
Staten Island since 2008 his home was
completely flooded and destroyed and
remains unlivable to this day we never
expected this advant I mean nobody
nobody expected to see that kind of
water you know it was a minute tsunami
the way I look at it was really a mini
tsunami oh yeah it's good it lights
worker though that woman used to be the
bathroom this used to be a dining room
right here kitchen my mother-in-law's a
little room and my back then
seven-year-old daughter did you got this
like how did this get got it like this
it's all my brothers from the Union you
know yeah they came they gave us a hand
saw me what do you even think you'll be
back in your home the way it looks and
the that's going on I don't
even think about it anymore yeah yeah
what happened when it happened
what's a situation now where are you
living where you staying
we're renting an album ville and we
still have to pay the mortgage on the
house we start to pay insurance on the
house that we don't need to live in so
you go figure that one out
yak times gotta be hard with that huh of
course that threads just getting
you know thinner and thinner I don't
know how long you know you know we're
gonna be able to to hold onto it Steve
is one of the many thousands of people
who didn't have the money to repair
their homes on their own so he is
relying on federal money for assistance
we still waiting for build it back they
keep giving us the runaround you know
every time that you view a date okay the
state we're gonna start and then
something else comes up I mean we saw
the de Blasio speak earlier today and he
said it seems like he's saying they're
gonna start doing it a lot more soon
I've been here industrious I would say
what but a year and a half ago still
nothing happened in the wake of Sandy
Mayor Michael Bloomberg implemented a
program to allocate the nearly two
billion dollars in federal funding to
families who needed to rebuild their
homes he called it the build it back
program after Hurricane Katrina hit New
Orleans large-scale corruption and
fraudulent claims played the cleanup in
an attempt to avoid the same happening
in New York authorities created a
program with a complicated application
process what resulted was excessive
paperwork sluggish unmanageable
bureaucracy and what many claim was a
poorly trained staff Bloomberg responded
with five hundred million dollars in
city money funding the rapid repairs
program rich restored heat power and hot
water to more than 11,000 homes still
some 20,000 applicants were relying on
the Bilderback program to actually
rebuild their damaged homes when
Bloomberg left office at the end of 2013
zero home reconstructions have started
and zero reimbursement checks had been
sent out since Mayor Bill de Blasio took
over a program overhaul has led to
progress as of November of this year 789
constructions were underway and nearly
1,200 reimbursement checks were approved
building back from Sandy and
strengthening the city for the future
have been top priorities of this
administration we're on track for 1,000
construction science starts in 1500
reimbursement checks by December 31st of
this year thank you these numbers are
just a fraction of the 20,000 applicants
who initially applied since it launched
homeowners overcome with frustration
have given up on the program 900
formally withdrew their applications and
about 5,000 have stopped responding to
calls the number of active Bilderback
applicants is estimated to be around
13,000
that 13,000 figure goes beyond just
Staten Island
hey Danny Danny Rob Rob nice to me Jesse
and I three key to rob Palumbo was in
the same situation as Steve chatty but
his house is completely gone
he once stood our two car garage here
this was our backyard with our barbecue
and our deck was back yet but we used to
spend on times in the summer time coming
back from the beach
we had an outdoor shower house and the
backyard furniture and this is to be the
back entrance of our house here once
stood and in and this was our house here
in the front of the house during the
storm the raging waters undermined at
our foundation and knocked him into the
bottom our basement this right here this
is all hurricane sandy stuff yeah yeah
they actually Jack that house up yeah
today they lifted this on they lifted on
set you can see like the new cement over
here and this over here was wiped out
just like your house this house was
wiped out this house next door had a
hole on the side of the house that he
fixed the city came through after the
hurricane and they put the red tags on
the houses from breezy point to the end
of Rockaway and they came through with
their demolition crew and they demoed
all the houses carted them away you know
it's two years I don't even think we've
scratched the surface yet there were two
empty Lots where houses once stood on
Rob's block alone and several others
under construction so now it's been two
years pretty much since the storm since
your house was was you know destroyed
you couldn't live in it what's been
going on with that have you been getting
funding for that with the building back
program well we have flood insurance
we had enough flood insurance to build
another house
halfway through the process they stopped
paying us the flood insurance and the
Bilderback program started they fold us
to them to get the rest of your flood
insurance then we had to go to the whole
Bilderback criteria which was a total
nightmare
and still is you know we so we're we're
waiting you know to rebuild but there's
such a process in that I mean we've gone
through piles of paperwork with that so
you really frustrated right now dealing
with this
oh it's total frustration I mean to be
this far really no better off from the
hurricane still in the same position
coming up on two years as we drove
around the Rockaways away from Rob's
house we started to notice on every
block at least one or two or three Lots
that were boarded off empty or under
heavy construction so hurricane sandy
did about twenty billion dollars worth
of damage and two years later it may
seem I things are back to normal
but they're actually not now the
rebuilding process is taking a little
bit longer than expected this vacant lot
right here this used to have a whole
bunch of storefronts and businesses they
all burned down and as you can see the
rebuilding process hasn't really gotten
started here yet we wanted to speak with
someone on the forefront of the recovery
and rebuilding efforts in Rockaway who
could give us a real run down that
person was Assemblyman Phillip goldfeder
Assemblyman goldfeder represents the
23rd district in the New York State
Assembly most of his district was
devastated by Sandy including his own
home in office you know we spoke to some
folks in their name we know that there
are thousands of people still waiting
for funding from the Bilderback program
what are some of the issues you've seen
with that you know every family in
Queens that was affected by Sandy falls
within my district whether it was in
Howard Beach or Lindenwood or Broad
Channel or across the rock waves from
breezy point to Rockaway over 7,000
build it back applications for families
who need additional assistance to get
back in their own to fully recover from
Sandy and quite frankly it's been too
slow the program has been riddled with
problems there's been
tremendous amount of of bureaucratic red
tape and stalls and I am proud to say
that we're finally taking steps in the
right direction we're not where we need
to be but the program is finally
distributing money homes are getting
built
aside from record storm surge one of the
reasons flood waters covered so much
ground during sandy is because a lot of
New York's coastal infrastructure has
been built up on wetlands you know what
else can we do environmentally you know
what this thing's gonna happen again
because you're looking to place like
Staten Island um and you know it's
supposed to be wetlands they feel they
allow the land there to build well you
you thought enough you ever saw
historically the map uh-huh yeah where
we've built out over the last in a
hundred years and that's essentially
where the flood came to I mean there's
two parts of sandy recovery number one
is actual recovery part mm-hmm building
your homes back getting your family life
back together sandy was a worst-case
scenario but climate change studies
indicate that the kind of flooding that
devastated the New York coastline could
very well repeat itself in the future
but at the same time I think a lot of
families are concerned about what
happens if it happens again and are we
doing enough in terms of resiliency
measures to ensure that you know the
homes right around us are protected when
the next sandy its mother nature is not
going away we met up with Randy Horton a
climate scientist at Columbia University
whose work has assisted the city in
developing its resiliency strategies
with all this happening what's what's at
stake here
so New York City has trillions in assets
along the coast hundreds of thousands of
people living in the flood zone as sea
levels rise even if storms don't get any
stronger we're gonna see more people at
risk more infrastructure and more
property at risk
what sort of efforts is the city making
now in terms of climate change studies
to see how this can be prevented and
what they should be expecting in the
future from from storms like this so one
important thing I think to highlight is
that New York City has really been at
the vanguard in the u.s. in terms of
embracing climate science and accepting
the idea that as greenhouse gases
continue to increase in the atmosphere
we're gonna see higher temperatures and
higher sea level so when we plan
the future we need to consider the idea
that there's probably gonna be a lot
more frequent heat waves and a lot more
coastal flooding because as sea levels
rise water penetrates inland more easily
the city has extensive plans to bolster
up its coastal communities plans that
bloomberg unveiled in 2013 that the de
Blasio administration is continuing to
develop and implement these initiatives
range from large-scale long-term
conceptual developments to simply
fortifying the beaches with sand dunes
talk about what the future plans are to
combat sea level rise and extreme
weather events and what some of you know
what are some of the efforts that are
being made in terms of Brazilian sea
efforts there's discussions of dunes
with sand grass as descriptive it's now
a study underway studying the
feasibility of flood protective measures
along Coney Island Creek which was a
major entry point for flooding and to me
we have an obligation to explore every
feasible Avenue to protect our families
there is no silver bullet we will always
be a coastal city so there's got to be a
combination of resiliency but also
adaptation so towards that direction is
where Coney Island Creek really
separates the Coney Island Peninsula
from Bath Beach and events and hers and
Coney Island Creek was a major flood
entry point for Coney Island for Seagate
and that is where the city now has a
study underway to test the feasibility
of a flood gate to see if it can protect
the coastal communities here for Coney
Island Creek the city has laid out a
plan for wetland construction and a new
levee and tide gate system the levee
could be closed at low tide if a storm
surge was expected holding back
floodwaters after the storm the chana
would be reopened flushing out the Creek
these plans would mitigate backdoor
flood risks for the Coney Island in
Gravesend neighborhoods both of which
hold voir nerble residential communities
and sensitive infrastructure this is
just one of many developments the city
has its sights set on and we have a lot
more to do but I can tell you with
assurance when we gather a year from now
we will be safe safer still when we
gather in 2015 we will be safer than we
were in 2014 when we gather in 2016 we
will be safer than we were in 2015
because a twenty billion dollar
investment is being made in resiliency
while mayor de Blasio was reassuring
Staten Island with future plans
Steve shadi and his wife were setting up
for a beachfront vigil to commemorate
the anniversary of the storm behind the
residents of New Dorp
are setting up a candlelight vigil to
sort of commemorate the hurricane and
everything that happened two years ago
we stand here United side-by-side
holding each other up when one of us is
down we have all endured our own
suffering but we are here take the time
here to reflect back to years ago and
know that you are not alone look around
you today and feel the support system we
have standing with us on behalf of the
new dog Beach Civic and the Knights of
Columbus Manresa Council we thank you
all for joining us in the lighting of
the shore 2014 blessings to you all and
we will make our way to the shore
I mean one of the things that I noticed
especially after sandy was that it was
the community people like yourself
organizing and uh yeah getting it
together and this sort of seems like the
same thing this isn't like a city
sponsor think this is you guys normal
everyday people who are coming out to
stand in solidarity with one another
and let everyone know that they're not
alone it's overwhelming when you have
issues like I do where you're not home
and you're working every day to get home
but my neighbors are my support system
is there a sense that people have to
step in because the City Red Cross other
organizations didn't nothing the city
has done absolutely nothing Red Cross
came by with with tea and and water it's
it's your grassroots organization
it's people like Manresa Council that
come out what do you need what is it
that opened their doors for us okay it's
people like the movement church rolling
thunder' is here tonight they don't have
to be here tonight some of them can be
home in their warm beds but they're here
lighting a walkway for us to walk them
two years later many New Yorkers go
about their day and hurricane sandy is
just a fleeting memory for thousands of
affected New Yorkers however the event
changed the course of their lives and
the storms ripple effects for these
people are not so different today than
they were two years ago
