palachova debugger care video Sega
Oh
you
the battle between the YPG in Islamic
state militants rages on
the Syrian border town of kobani
occurred throughout turkey joining the
fight against the Islamic state from all
over the country due to a lack of
military intervention from Turkey anger
can be felt in major cities such as
Ankara and Istanbul many people have
publicly shown support for militant
organizations mainly the PKK an armed
Kurdish resistance group which was
fighting against the Islamic state in
kobani is actually classified as a
terrorist organization by Turkey and
fourteen of the countries in the West to
learn originated I'm a busy man more
like you to point sending it killing our
Corolla almost wannabes assaulted all
this will do the sound of the shochet
admitted a nice and early tomorrow
you sound like only Scindia 30 years the
PKK or the Workers Party of Curtis
Tanner has been fighting for greater
cultural and political rights for
turkeys Kurdish community Turkey has
historically oppressed the rights of the
Kurds and whilst the protests show
solidarity with kobani they also
represent strengthening Kurdish
nationalism Kartik
we went to the impoverished neighborhood
of akhmad an an area with a history of
police violence and revolutionary
movements it's also home to a large
Kurdish population and a branch of the
why dgh the youth wing of the PKK
we're not my dad and we've heard that
two members of this community that are
associated with the revolutionary groups
have died whilst fighting with the YPG
in kobani
now we spoke to quite a lot of people
here that said yes some of the
revolutionaries as well as fighting with
the police here have actually gone out
to the border to show solidarity have
jump the border and a fighting with the
YPG to try and repel the Islamic state
ok David today you said I need a
tablecloth slid off put your ladies
together the shine go to Jerusalem hope
you can see this little mother for one
again shoot to show your gosh endure
through deliver their side to cure
basically this these people in this
Vantage is driving around announcing
that tomorrow there's gonna be a
memorial for one of the people in this
neighborhood who went to fight with the
YPG in kobani and were killed just one
week ago can you tell me what happened
to the two fighters that died in kobani
recently operator look
sure look at that because I'll show you
guys come on out there
give it Optimus you nut get it medical
services to finish up our roster ok and
what were they doing in kobani holiday
is on Letitia know anything opposites
are focused on each citizen McHale she
runs over David Rabinowitz or question
someone Micucci
so much make sense and with these TPP
your friends you know them personally
subpoena shuttling us making a campus
emergency believe me all the shunga
jaundice me keeping the people to read
it on the walkway
mystical one of the victim Amontillado
our genital imaging naked action because
of the so right now the marchers come to
the entrance of what Maidan which is
where the police station sells every
night and this is kind of how trouble
kicks off here people going on a march i
when the police are there
usually they intervene and then people
fight back but on overall Canadian and
although muscle
Ricardo man just saw a shadow colonies
own on turtle comas our coalition air
let's take our team is icaros
Kobayashi and Mazzilli Jefferson author
encourage Lee visibility I got on this
asana zero operon corrosion officially
see yo yo yo augmentation engaged a
limousine they get cotton larry maasdam
bomber sheriff enormous Borja missouri
my kitchen kobani or Canet madhaveti'
tears
Coburn the Kissel Drouillard ever met
any cutter yeah Sean normal Alma Molitor
st. nombre
basically the my exchange with Scott and
then a member of what is essentially the
young division of the PKK came out and
said that people here if they want to
fight they come to him they come to
their group and they can go to go Barney
to fight the Islamic state and he said
there every member of their community
for the Islamic state you'll they're
going to go back at their fight and
they're going to get revenge
hopefully the PKK just came out in force
with balaclavas on they got weapons you
see some fireworks and we know that this
group are armed as well and it seems to
be they're moving up to the top of the
road to try and fight the police police
are firing teargas around on the street
do you take a using profanity but we're
stuck to make a run for it
police are kind of prints the DKK youth
in our attacking with molotov we're
trying to make a leg up her arm back
Harry tell me you got forward the police
fire detector you they gosh you're the
gas young you walk Madonna yeah Kent
yeah awkward on duty
ah your your your the gaff ready gosh I
see
so they've got back from the Molotov
just sitting in a corner I've looked on
your planet in advance yes Lucy but no
no Java would you take a cabbie do you
figure there's a lousy another should we
say the PKK feel if it's like the you
bring I though this guy just ran into
oncoming fire from now on t gas grenade
me to kill several people in this
neighborhood getting after yes a lunch
at small other golf cap Philly level
rule doom our Girl Scouts in a room on
each other the net need a minute
no sir yeah Peggy so much today you're a
little shaky there Sarah Shuster Vista
board ahsoka Clara on Laramie Chardonnay
archenemy Jeremy severe mixer on days
yeah oh no no sir Sir dollar recession
our sir this order yeah mugs are on
Desmond are a visual on the news are on
the look you talk Iraq I'm Adam is your
destiny
silver miss Dawson Seto Falcon is your
we should they say you don't think God
is it is Captain Kidd's often it doesn't
is it all the New Haven is gonna jinx it
in all of them thank you girl good money
there
yep again so Shuster Google Florida
visitor
he's gonna give you know that's about to
carries on down the street the ydg tight
and kind of run into all these valuating
between people's house in a user the
neighborhood to their advantage because
of course they know the network a little
bit better than the police do and the
things are still kicking off there's a
lot wanna toss still and a hell of a lot
of tear gas
yeah the police's even further down the
road now and I think these guys aim is
to hit the police police truck ever jump
the hair trickery
oh yeah Sheamus Yogi Bear Satna the
police throw molotovs at them and over
the tannery
but police say come on like come on to
us you know kind of provoking them
let's go so now now you come down here
and threw the Molotov at them but it
definitely goes to show that the police
up for a fight as much as these guys I
mean you just run off with 2 mana tubs
please to fly around Danny and you have
innocent people civilians you've caught
up in the crossfire
oh I'm a big girl you this you movies
don't believe in the two movies
you'll be Dibble carpi bully if I seem
tasting thing about this is we've seen
kids maybe 10 years old running around
with bad cards I'm firing things off at
the police here and it's like they
almost know how to move they're
obviously clearly been doing this for a
long time and and a fact that earlier in
the March they're trying to recruit
people to go out to the barn and fight
and you might see these kids are some
kind of like you know skinny teenager
but you can understand why they're doing
this they seem extremely militant so
after about four hours of running around
or Maidan we've seen the ydg age
throwing molotovs at the police seen
them firing fireworks who have even seen
one guy with a handgun firing live
rounds at the police it will turn it on
us which is a bit scary but we're all
right it just seems that they're really
serious about this kind of militant
thing in the neighborhood and they say
this is all in response to kobani at the
moment they're saying it because the
state here in Turkey won't help the
Kurds in kobani whilst the Islamic state
of attacking that they're going to
attack the state so they've fought back
fighting the police and to be honest
it's been in our chaos
you
