it's Tuesday October 28 and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines nearly
10,000 Hungarians demonstrated in
Budapest on Sunday against a government
proposal to introduce the world's first
tax on internet use under the plan
service providers would be charged
around 60 cents a gigabyte of data
protesters fear the charges would be
pushed down to customers which they say
would limit internet access and
threatened freedom of speech a secular
political party has dealt a major blow
to Tunisia's islamist leaders after
securing the largest number of seats in
parliamentary elections the country's
another party conceded defeat to the
need at Tunis party on Monday and called
for the formation of a unity government
Sunday's poll was Tunisia's second
parliamentary vote in the nearly four
years since its popular uprising set the
stage for what became known as the Arab
Spring a protest against Islamic
extremism took a violent turn in the
Western German city of Cologne on Sunday
the demonstration gathered about 4,000
neo-nazis and hardline soccer fans under
the banner hooligans against Salafists
the police commander said protesters
were provoked by someone who was wearing
the jersey of a Turkish team riot police
used water cannons batons and pepper
spray to disperse drunken protesters who
threw bottles rocks and fireworks 17
people were arrested and nearly 50
policemen were injured by the time the
crowds were brought under control
following a summer dominated by debates
on the excessive use of force by police
a California company has come up with a
way to keep tabs on how and when
officers use their weapons yardarm
Technologies has developed a small
wireless device that can be inserted
into the grip of most handguns with the
Bluetooth connection dispatchers are
informed in real time when an officer's
gun is removed from its holster as well
as when and in what direction it's fired
and similar to body cameras the sensor
could be used to collect data on exactly
what's happening while officers are in
duty check out the vice news youtube
channel for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world we
have now four thousand more or less
people groundball sentence from one year
to 120 years doctors lawyers academics
this happen every night the last three
years
