it's Monday October 27th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
fighting between Lebanese security
forces and Islamist militants has
intensified in the country's north over
the past several days the army has
launched an assault on militants in
Tripoli believed to be linked to the
Islamic state in al-qaeda who have
threatened to kill captured troops of
the offensive isn't stopped on Thursday
troops raided an apartment filled with
weapons and ammunition in the nearby
town of Oh soon security officials say
one of the men killed in the operation
was an Islamic state fighter who had
been accused of beheading a Lebanese
soldier following a deadly attack in the
Sinai Peninsula Egypt has postponed
toxic plan to hosts on the Gaza war
ceasefire
the government has blamed foreign actors
for bomb attacks that killed more than
30 soldiers at a checkpoint on Friday
president Abdel Fattah el-sisi says
Egypt's existence is under threat by
terrorists and has vowed to take drastic
measures against armed groups Sisi has
also closed the Ruffa border crossing
which is the only entry to the
Palestinian Enclave that is not
controlled by Israel any child who has
not been vaccinated is at risk from the
polio virus a female superhero named
burka Avenger has taken on the fight
against polio in Pakistan last year
Pakistan was the only country in the
world to record a rise in polio cases
the virus thrives in some of the
country's most violent parts where
locals have become suspicious of
vaccination efforts
ever since the Taliban banned them two
years ago the creator of the burka
Avenger hopes the series will inform
parents of the importance of vaccinating
their children against the crippling
disease and every child in hawa pool
needs to be given two drops of this
vaccine a shopping center in the
Colombian capital has put on a fashion
show featuring some of the locals deemed
the disposables six young homeless
people took the stage at the Savannah
Plaza shopping center in Bogota located
near the drug ridden Street where they
sleep Bogota homeless have four years
sought refuge in the sewer system after
being chased out of the city's
communities the models were chosen to
raise awareness to the plight of more
than nine thousand people in a city of
nearly
million check out the vices YouTube
channel for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world this
article I'm
