it's Friday October 24th and here are
some of the news beyond the headlines in
a major policy shift Turkey has agreed
to guarantee the safe passage of 200
Kurdish fighters trying to reach a
besieged syrian town on its border with
the help of us-led airstrikes Kurdish
Peshmerga forces have been fending off
Islamic state fighters in kobani for
more than a month the Turkish government
was initially reluctant but now says it
doesn't want to see the town fall to
Islamic militants that resistance also
stemmed from its 30-year conflict with
the Kurdistan Workers Party known as the
PKK whose fighters saw an autonomous
region in Turkey southeast I am deeply
disappointed in the duration and the
extent of the wrongdoing over the course
of 18 years more than 3,000 students at
the university of north carolina were
awarded high marks for classes that
never even existed an eight-month
independent investigation yielded a
damning report released on wednesday
which details the massive academic scam
that worked mostly to get student
athletes the grades they needed to
continue to play much of the corruption
was traced back to the African Studies
program whose administrators reportedly
created the bogus classes out of
sympathy for students who weren't quote
the best and the brightest scientists in
South Korea have solved a mystery that
dates back half a century in the 1960s
researchers in Mongolia dug up to
dinosaur arms measuring 8 feet long but
speculated for years about what the
prehistoric creature might have looked
like and after the recent discovery of
two nearly complete skeletons it seems
the dinosaur was even more bizarre than
previously imagined scientists say the
humpback beast weighed seven tons had
killer claws and giant hoofed feet some
of the world's top drug makers plan to
work together to speed up the production
of Ebola vaccines Johnson & Johnson
wants to produce at least a million
doses of its two-step vaccine by next
year the American company has discussed
collaborating with Britain's
glaxosmithkline which has its own
vaccine in the works
the European Union will earmark 250
million dollars in funding for vaccines
drugs and diagnostic tests to respond to
the global health crisis spurred by the
outbreak check out the vice news youtube
channel for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world no I
lose Haydee now you woody animation
casually lemme nasus way don't want me
say it's a beautiful thing you're
protecting your country thing is that
you do what you have to do you you
represent God and you keep being a
god-fearing June you do what you have to
do
