the agents a little sivaraman Kendall
middle only my feelings another holiday
you know me other holiday it's a whole
different army when you come in and
Orthodox its wither death what's the for
the different head coming to serve God
twenty percent of young men lose their
religious identity while in the army
that's not a percentage which the
committee world would be willing to
tolerate
in Jerusalem and recently these streets
have been the scene in violent protests
and riots but there hasn't been a
Palestinian in sight instead it's the
Orthodox Jewish community were furious
of the army to try to send their sons to
war in March of 2014 the Israeli
government passed the law requiring the
ultra-orthodox a community of mostly
religious and conservative Jews known as
the Harry Dean to serve in the Israel
Defense Forces previously her it avoids
who studied and religious seminaries or
yeshivas were exempt from Israel's
Universal conscription law which
requires all citizens from the age of 18
to serve in the Army for two to three
years the decision drew fierce
opposition from the ultra-orthodox
community its leaders ordering that no
one should comply I guarantee was not
going to happen no your shrivel spoon
will be serving the army by coercion
you'll leave the country or go into
hiding he'll go into underground will go
into jail we saw this sentiment echoed
throughout the heady neighborhoods as
anti IDF posters will put up the poster
is showing how the Israeli government is
forcing the religious Jews to go to the
army but the Army's values are not that
of the vote there are many things in the
army that go on that are for religious
Jew not permitted and that's what you're
seeing in this picture that the
religious who feel like is being pulled
into the garbage being what goes on in
the army is like garbage to us the
ultra-orthodox have always shouted
themselves from the influence of the
secular world including the military
this goes back to the very beginning of
the State of Israel when David
ben-gurion struck a deal with a heretic
community allowing yeshiva students to
forgo military service as long as they
remained in the achievers protecting and
preserving the Jewish religion the
exemption has never been popular with
the secular community and through the
years there have been attempts to try
and find a compromise
including a deal struck with the IDF and
a group of her ready rabbis to creator
the nets are yahuda an ultra-orthodox
battalion made up of volunteer soldiers
but as the her ad population grows at an
exponential rate
what started as a privileged grant to
less than 400 her ready boys has become
a loophole for nearly 60,000 The Heretic
communities weak presence in the army
and in the workforce has prompted
criticism from mainstream Israelis who
see the community as a financial burden
to the country as a whole
vice news went to Mia Shireen one of the
oldest her ready neighborhoods in
Jerusalem and the sights of many
anti-military protests we ran into
trouble almost immediately the her Adeem
are notoriously cloistered and tried to
isolate themselves from outside
influences our being in the neighborhood
was no exception to this rule we jumped
out of a car and a guy stopped stared at
us started twirling his bed and has now
been following a stonker road for the
last 10 minutes or so we pulled out the
camera and he just launched himself at
the cameraman it's clearly a sensitive
community
we managed to make her way to meet y'all
ich Kraus the unofficial operations
director for the ADA had et one of the
most vocal and Radical factions of the
Haredi community who refused to
recognize the authority of the state and
are taking action against the new Lord
Kaname dalamud plenty should I give ma
and Louis in they made lots of meat are
hiding em a more sinister holiday que de
Lucia holiday mashaallah hasta baba saw
Blacula to me today ammonia Salone a
human times table name Jim barbecues
stinky blue South Goose demolition him a
bite for a hot new notion my wife or son
of Ahaz Ahaz petition an overbite
an inner harmony Anila holiday
philosopher and Laura Sadie no you woody
an omission casually maybe not this way
no I misread maybe necessary i massaged
it rolling the home if I call as mine
Laura Telugus
Bosma Hansie they my back me me Lord
Anita age but so far anemia acid Obama
ver la the a cave it should wear it like
to own Tomatoes your weight your weight
so a national gamba back every resort
organized every meal back I wanna show
on
I mean the modo chaja misogyny Muhannad
che cosa galbanum
VAR d michigan azim d'etat Hassidim call
Akatsuki are banished us with Ursula
left la sala the Harry Dean who
practiced strict observation of Judaic
law which requires a separation of sexes
keeping kosher and shunning most modern
technology our odds with secular society
above all for them is preserving the
study of the Torah we spoke to Jonathan
rosenbloom an expert in Torah study to
see if he could shed some light on the
conflict we are a small community in a
modern world which is not generally
hospitable to religion the yeshivas are
not just another institution in the
society they are the pupil of the eye of
the creating world and are guarded as
such for the ultra-orthodox the Torah is
the organizing valley of the entire
society without it they cease to exist
so the idea of the herati boys being
drafted out of your Sheba into the
secular world of the military is seen as
a distraction at best and a corrupting
force at worst though the community has
ordered its boys to refuse enlistment
some of them have already found their
way into the IDF joining the Nets our
yahuda battalion created by a band of
her eddie rabbis in the IDF in 1999 to
integrate her eddie outliers into the
military the relationship between the
military and the karate community in
specific frameworks and very worked out
and planned environments can certainly
be a win-win situation both for the Army
for the State of Israel and for the for
the karate community and what's called
the knothole Kara Dior and that's a you
Huda brigade that's mostly made up of
boys who come from her ad homes who have
really fallen outside of the system
prior to going in the army many of these
young men were in very deep trouble
you know alienated and so forth when
they find the self-respect and the
discipline that they get in the army
they have a much better chance of coming
back to full religious observance so
those who stray from the righteous path
the net say yahuda seem like an ideal
alternative the IDF was keen to show us
just how I
by taking us to meet the battalion we
were curious to find out if the recent
fur all over the new law would affect
even this group of her ready men a group
the IDF sees is a rare success story in
the effort to integrate the religious
and the secular so driving through the
Jordan Valley we're on our way to meet
the only ultra-orthodox battalion in the
entire Israeli army we're going to be
spending the day with them in the desert
watching them running drills shooting
guns and saying prayers just finding out
what their day-to-day existence is like
the battalion is responsible for
operations run Janine in the West Bank
even though their numbers have grown
from 89 recruits in its first year to
more than 800 and 2013
they still make up a very small
percentage of the total number of combat
troops in the IDF hello good morning
Alex
very simple Java Olimpo Google arica
symbol is a motivation older Alex Lea
why are they more motivated than other
soldiers Oh hiya Lim Chiba eval loss
emotion lava golem do be Shiva when olam
do battle honda SEMA SEMA julep Oh Matt
Sava M parmesan ASIMO pelic mass Lowell
Aloha meme oh hello cannot smoke well
ahem Rachel OH
she needs lofty and automa a motovlog
motivates Alberto Vollmer como here
although the commander would only hint
at it it seemed that the conscription of
the ultra-orthodox was on every one of
mine but at least within the battalion
there seemed to be a balance struck
between military service and religious
observance after prayers one of the
allowances the IDF makes for the her
Eddie boys the soldiers began a drill to
clear and overtake enemy territory right
now we're taking that hilltop after
heavy artillery fire is just plated
we've taken this hill and now we're
gonna take off
as the exercise ended we went back up
the hill to talk to some of the soldiers
about life in the net say yahuda and if
things had changed with the new law why
did you join the army
we completely honest I didn't very much
want to join at first I wanted to be any
Shiva I started thinking about it if I'm
gonna go anyways then I'm gonna do it
all the way and it's a it's a it's a
good thing is it's a beautiful thing
you're protecting your country how do
you reckon the experience of Orthodox
Jew is different from your average idea
so it's extremely different it's a whole
different army when you come in and
Orthodox it's with a different with a
different head coming to serve of God
you're coming with a higher purpose
you're coming with many many more
obligations there's many more
restrictions limitations many more
challenges you have to sacrifice
something you don't get to study as much
as I used to I don't have time to sit
and study I don't get to see many many
traditions that I normally want to do
and anything's our compromise but it's
for a much bigger thing so for a bigger
purpose what do the rest of the Orthodox
community make of you joining up it
depends I mean you know there's always
the really the extremists who are
against it and you see somebody in in
uniform and you know it's better stay
away from their areas because it gives
the actually dangerous they could beat
you up they could spit at you have you
ever got abuse from the Orthodox
community for signing up to the army and
no friends we haven't no friends who
were kicked out of their homes oh I have
friends who were run away from home
because they couldn't stand living with
it or they couldn't deal with the
pressure thing is that you do what you
have to do you you represent God and you
keep being a god-fearing Junior do what
you have to do while The Heretic
Communities battle is with the
government and the IDF it seems that
boys torn between their religion and
beauty to serve the military are getting
caught in the crossfire
though the battalion has made great
efforts to maintain her any guidelines
even having a kosher cafeteria the boys
seem to agree I just wanted to know if
you've had to make compromises with your
religious life in order to fit in with
the army
evolution - Athena for these soldiers
serving the country comes at a price and
although they're willing to make that
sacrifice they know that the core of the
hardy community wouldn't agree what have
been your reaction when you saw you know
the ultra-orthodox riots a la hora de
Vaca him ideologue yeah ahora ven aqui
Shahzad an alumnus upon shock now
launched on a mission Aeneas it Mishima
team Lee have a Shivani I defy the
novice at the Hassid colleague rocked up
casabas harem anatomy spa hovel
available so from Doolittle Tuesday
can you explain to me why it wouldn't be
easy for your family the water Hara did
he what a boot I sell it hello need you
know a chanela macho Neiman Abu Taha
edit it would a moon a sheila bair
elokim the malecón ambush wills a
mohanam la cueva Cole
recently they've gone so far as the turn
on their own more and more documented
cases have appeared of ultra-orthodox
community attacking her ad soldiers it's
clear that the hardline Harry deem would
do anything to keep their sons out of
the IDF but as instability along
Israel's borders increases the IDF's
need for more soldiers is only growing
and with the ultra-orthodox community
projected to represent almost 25% of
israel's total population by the late
2050s
it's unlikely that the IDF will back
down the government is moving forward
with a new conscription law setting
yearly goals for her Radian listen with
a benchmark of at least 5,200 new
recruits by 2017 if that target is not
reached the softer goals will become
mandates backed up with criminal
sanctions for draft dodgers with current
her ad enlistments falling below targets
it's clear that the Harry Dean won't go
without a fight
