it's tuesday october twenty first and
here's some of the news beyond the
headlines a powerful explosion shook a
rebel-controlled city in eastern ukraine
on monday the blast at a rubber
processing plant in donetsk sent plumes
of smoke into the sky and damaged
several buildings in the area it
interrupted a news conference held by
the self-proclaimed Donetsk People's
Republic sending journalists scattering
pro-russia separatists accused the
ukrainian military of firing a missile
at the factory a charge kiev denied
ongoing fighting on the outskirts of the
city signals a ceasefire deal signed by
the two sides last month is no more
dozens of Jewish settlers have moved
into a mostly Arab neighborhood of East
Jerusalem despite calls by the UN and US
for Israel to put an end to the practice
the overnight mission doubled the number
of Jews in central Seoul on a district
with biblical roots Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Sunday
said that nobody could prevent his
government from building homes for Jews
in the old city and that he was ready to
fight anyone attempting to divide it
with a quote Iron Fist dozens of
suspected Nazi war criminals have
collected millions of dollars in u.s.
Social Security benefits a two-year
investigation led by The Associated
Press found the Justice Department
allowed the alleged Nazis to keep their
social security benefits if they agreed
to leave the country a spokesman for the
Justice Department says the tactic was
never used and the Social Security
Administration has refused to release
the records of the purported
beneficiaries Nigeria is no filter bola
the world health organization declared
Nigeria free of the Ebola virus on
Monday after six weeks passed without
new cases health officials say Nigeria
was able to contain the disease because
it swiftly declared a health emergency
trained local doctors to respond and
manage the fear and stigma surrounding
the virus eight of Nigeria's 20
confirmed Ebola victims have died a
small number relative to other affected
countries
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
Shaughnessy will push red wooden y'all
Angie I wouldn't you okay have said hmm
tunku models under have a 70 all my
