I saw a turkey allege were tuna know
your job
yeah yep a low-velocity yer Jolla coupon
satin ten below what of alpha do - Rajan
one lakh Oh bunny
so we were told when we were watching
kobani that a bunch of YPG fighters and
refugees trying to get across the border
were arrested and prison here why do you
think no Turkish police arrested them on
their way and why do you think they do
that should we have a fish stick we
shark at kobani
Rana Alabama we are we metal-on-metal
Turkey probiotic yes when you carve
allergens or is he telling Augustine
endocrine organs important
they're Halbert my YPG fighters no I'm a
civilian or each other main unit
hmm any person Germany and more never
share uncle the river birch even Adana
say depend you helped you on this you
see I have janella now have Zaraki be
exalted is Allah siciliana Yeshua on
familiar mythology next one yeah need to
often air pockets layers
International Antonia a media sonic mess
in there
so I'm just about to Skype what are the
prisoners whose held in a detention
facility that we visited and solar to
the other day he's been speaking to me
since he managed to get his phone in and
we're about to Skype and find out what
your situation is hi thank you for
calling me
um are you from kobani yes I'm from
Quran yes okay and can you tell me about
what happened when you tried to leave of
course I didn't believe that Isis is
just advancing coming close I just
thought that all of this that what there
has been reported that Isis is advancing
it is just rumors I didn't believe this
and YPG asked us to just evacuate the
city so I had to evacuate at the time so
we asked the Turkish authorities has
asked from Sergei to order when we cross
the border just say it ain't us because
to a little village in a basketball hall
theatre four days after that it shifted
us to sewage and steel who we are now as
you can see how many people are inside
well 146 and do you have any fighters
there with you actually it is playing
some recognition towards us that we have
YPG fighters good YPG fighters are
supposed to fight in kobani not to come
to Turkey and when do you expect they
will let you out really because just
telling us that we will release you
today or tomorrow or tomorrow after and
they like just they are layers we are
still here and waiting so but I don't
believe Turkish authorities okay and
thank you very much for your time thank
you thank you thank you
the following day we went to the
Arbuckle to me parlors family would
manage to escape kobani and find out
more about their experience feeling
they've been placed on a sports center
with friends and 80 other Syrian
families who had fled when is advance
from the town oh Allah Jana
I thought that the nominal militia fee
any party colony
taso fee until Kabul Jacques Chirac
tooth masaf Ã© hora oh and the motion had
actors even are heavy and I'm semi-arid
Patel Mata Hari ke naam the most
illiterate refine our of kobani look
into one who know Jessa D and horn wa
lakin of Khulna Metallica be kobani
ilium tomorrow pH me hey Charisse a
kookaburra in Java the Benetton meet
named kanima topple in my upper what has
it so that to kill you - well - none o
your job
yeah a palpable - yeah your Jala coupon
sat in ten below what a fault her do to
Raja one la kobani the hurry beyond your
knowledge in a moment don't worry you
know Silla slack Oh totally
a demand fell from the ahead o fear the
flame patottie the inattentive donna
Quantico Muhammad been open here
fear Allah arena any biloba trust me
Lana Lang
eunha yuju direct apply mineral D key an
adenine and I have not heard of all of
you at Muslim I know Islam did capella
no collar had a knurled observe I know
Islamic capella notation top I Rasul
Allah
it's optional maestro a hope circuit or
a headlock
I'm at our monkey show ya my Tokyo
Johnny laughs tatiana sobral pia
a siddiqa well Jarrah thought it will be
the other debut seligman heart will burn
a Latina Lambie apology and voila me
co-editor Kiev Adam you know who was
totally
melodica be anything that has been CSE
Madonna political authority a name
picked out everything Kenny boom stockin
were nothing
