see me everywhere pistol
yeah they might say something
please gotta work this is right for
everything this is happening and you're
watching it
a British colony for over a hundred
years Hong Kong was guaranteed autonomy
for 50 years following its return to
Chinese sovereignty in 1997 but with the
approach of direct elections in 2017
China has placed conditions on what
candidates Hong Kong is able to elect
insisting that Beijing must pre-screen
with potential leaders student activist
groups Hong Kong Federation of students
and scholar ISM combined forces to
organize a 13,000 strong student-led
class boycott through here at the
chinese university of hong kong where a
whole bunch of hong kong students from
24 different universities have gathered
here today to fight for what we caught
up with Joshua Wong who is 16 when he
founded student groups scholarism to
oppose the implementation of a
compulsory patriotic education
curriculum proposed by the government in
2012 therefore we have organized an
occupy government headquarters no one
will believe that finally we can put our
side
we'll also use the same passion to voice
our opinion to fight for democracy and
universal suffrage
I'd say the mood here is kind of torn
between cautious optimism and a
recognition that the government is very
likely to press ahead with what they've
proposed but at the same time Hong Kong
people are very aware that this is the
only place in China where they're
allowed to protest on this scale and
they really want to exercise those
rights while they're still able to a lot
of mainland students also come to Hong
Kong to study we found that most of them
didn't want their views to be filmed you
can see a lot of especially is not just
hypocrisy party intellectuals have to
train their minds to reconcile these
opposites to actually believe such
nonsense the Soudan they out of their
passion and they know what's they are
doing and even they are not in a
classroom but I think they have learned
a lot and what about for you and for
people at your level because it's one of
the most critical moment in Hong Kong
democracy
era at last if we don't fight back maybe
we will be slave forever
this may be the last chance our best to
fight for democracy this is a very
important no milestone of Hong Kong
people we stand out together and hole
our values together you shaved your head
after 31st of August when the government
announced that they were going to
impress the head with these election
plans how did it make you feel after the
government announced this of course I'm
very angry about that I can't say I'm
pessimistic I still have little hope to
to expect a better result but the
announcement on the 31st is really
humiliating I mean we have been fighting
for this democracy for so long I've
still got that sense of about nobility I
feel very vulnerable so I just want to
show them I'm supporting them and there
is no hero
and if the government in conversation
again quite lot support along the way so
just watching the March giving thumbs up
everyone we've talked to is keen to hang
on to Hong Kong's core values like
judicial independence clean government
the right to Association and protest and
the freedom of speech right why do you
feel this is such an important issue do
you think a lot of people are scared of
the government
I only have 18 hours left
this is ultimatum kind of summarizes the
whole thought process behind this
protest they have to be people
Mahon
joy chickens I'm real thankful for mouth
no kimochi I'll give a 40 they'll give a
holy holy book you know taking heart or
get me Lord to my god hear me long no
you got so I hold up now on Sunday so
people have been gathering here for the
last week every night and this is that
be the biggest crowd that I've managed
to get quite a few thousand people are
here Alex giving a talk on stage asking
see wailing to come out to face the
crowd has been called experimental
uncertainty to the Sangha way over
underwater you beige
wait yeah chica shared or shall
dimension to what it's a mess of frenzy
was there starting the March there's a
big cup of cutout of see what alone with
fangs what are you asking
we asked him to talk to students face to
face directly not to escape anymore he
promised us to fight for real democracy
for real universal suffrage
however this is not the case now
basically he is trying to fool all the
Hong Kongers so we have to stand firm we
have to state clearly this is not the
voting system we want
so we're just marching through the mall
on the way to the chief executives house
the governor's residence which is up in
Midland the police have tried to divide
the group up into two so to make them
more streamlined to fit through the
malls and stuff things that we're
gaining people as we're going on
so we've been marching for almost three
hours now to see Islands house the chief
executives house everyone's calling for
the chief exec to resign shouting all
day I think yeah this guy next to me
just told me that
there's a pretty subdued atmosphere some
of them bowing at 7:45 and those about
50 students left and they're all kind of
dispersed see now they just heard the
derailing left from the front entrance
the other side so everyone's going home
to a bit of Kip and then start again in
a couple of hours
how you feeling tired tired you must be
disappointed disappointed oh not really
because it's expected so in that no
matter he really comes out and visit
student services or not it will still
retract the lecture okay so what's next
trying different action to Anakin and
more people endure more attention so I
have to urge them to come out and
struggle generating enough pressure and
Shakti just society we've just turned up
at Tama Park where we've been for the
last week and I've been hit by a sea of
yellow and red we really weren't
expecting this much of a turnout but it
seems like people have come in there
thousands to support China there's been
quite a lot of speculation in the past -
neither various protesters have been
paid to be there but I still wasn't
expecting this number
yes I was just trying to talk to that
woman who obviously did not have a clue
why she's here
she just got shepherded away we should
get out of here soon because who
attracting a lot of attention we got
wind that the students were charging
into civic square an area just outside
the government headquarters which until
recently had been a public space popular
with protesters police reacted with
pepper spray and over 70 students were
arrested and held for up to 48 hours
this is definitely the first time in
Hong Kong that any seen movement Sabine
so forcefully about my PC
see how that please I'm not gonna
attorney you know at least I know you
can hear what I'm saying
are you listening to him the place of
saying that he's been charged with
harming the police which he says isn't
true but they're gonna get a lawyer over
it's five o'clock in the morning we've
been here for six hours
everyone's super tired and a little bit
miserable in here so I think we're gonna
head out and see in the early hours of
the morning riot police forcibly clear
the area and do protesters
14:04 you Lansing's you see us are
Omochao guns out see Jericho I said
please tell everybody what is happening
here please tell the world this you I
called everything this is happening and
you're watching it 23 film as well I've
been told that they've got tear gas
there's been talk that they might bring
in forceful methods to disperse the
crowd are you afraid
yeah I don't care if I get rest
just if this can't continue what do you
want to say to CY Leung Kista government
the head of the whole Hong Kong right
but he's not acting like a leader he's
acting like a coward so this is no
longer just students causing a bit of a
hassle this is people joining them and
taking over the whole city they're
blocking everything off in this whole
financial district estates
the bombing takers absolutely everywhere
even though some crowds
yeah Bo say oh hello again tonight oh
boy I don't change my onesie job
is nothing really yeah they might I saw
mama by our
we're getting fences and gates put all
around they're trying to placate even
more places now they've like got a whole
bunch of umbrellas to come over here
because the police are kind of hovering
their red sign as if to suggest that
they might be about to spray some tear
gas so there's just been a bunch of
smoke we don't know if it's the tear gas
or the and equally everyone shouting not
to stake
these people are seriously persistent
some of them have been hit by tear gas
three or four times and they're still
going back for more
the police seem very determined to clear
the crowd these guys are just standing
there was sitting there with their hands
in the air
hey how come you're going back why not
our home
I can't believe that police didn't do
this for to us because many of you vote
many of you who get hurt and they still
stay and said they don't believe that
the policeman will do this because they
they think that police are also the Hong
Kong people they believe they billeted
in the the police but the police just
attacked the citizens and
I can't believe that it's now seven
o'clock in the morning obviously people
have been out all night for some people
this is their fifth night in a raid that
they haven't slept properly last night
was thunderstorms it was a lot of rain
very uncomfortable night for a lot of
people so a lot of secondary school
students have turned up their math on
wearing black so entering week two of
the protests now and the crowds have
definitely been thinning out going on
these people who are still here seem
very determined to keeping through
as protests continued and the city
became increasingly inconvenienced
protesters came under verbal and
physical attack 18 people were arrested
in Mongkok for disrupting protests half
of them had links to Hong Kong mafia
police were criticized for failing to
act quickly
you're amazed energy on sandbags another
everyone here knows they are from China
who knows her simple but it's obviously
that work paid to be here to stir up
trouble and so we knew that which is why
even though everyone's getting assaulted
but we just took the beatings and didn't
fight back because we are the peaceful
protests and we want to show that to the
very end students have found a new way
to defuse anger from anti occupiers by
wishing them happy birthday
patience is wearing thin on both sides
as major roads still remain closed
student leaders have since offered to
unblock Queensway road a major link to
the financial district if the government
would reopen civic square for public
authority hey my guy
the government has pulled out of
proposed talks with pro tomorrow see
leaders referencing the students
unswerving demands for universal
suffrage and the continued illegal
occupation of Hong Kong streets since
the government's announcement to cancel
talks protestor numbers and again
swelled if the Hong Kong have the truth
democracy because of the protests there
the other place in the China Chinese
China
