it's Friday October 17th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines Spanish
authorities are under fire after footage
surfaced of the brutal beating of a
migrant attempting to scale a border
fence and malia a Spanish controlled
Enclave in North Africa rights group Pro
Dane released this video which shows
border police attempting to apprehend
some 300 asylum seekers who were trying
to cross into Spanish territory one of
the migrants said to be a 23 year old
Cameroonian named Danny is seen
unresponsive on the ground before being
handed back to Moroccan authorities
pro-russia separatists have forced a
group of captured ukrainian soldiers
into hard labor a rebel commander in the
eastern city of ill-advised coup is
known as clever said the soldiers are
prisoners of war who should fix what
they destroyed the troops were
reportedly ambushed as they tried to
withdraw from the city during intense
fighting in late August I love ice it's
east of Donetsk which remains a
flashpoint despite a ceasefire struck
six weeks ago an eight-year-old taken to
Syria five months ago by his jihadist
father was safely returned to his native
Kosovo late on Wednesday Prime Minister
Hashim Thaci says intelligence forces
were able to rescue arion jaina after a
quote complicated and dangerous covert
operation authorities have arrested
dozens in Kosovo in recent months to
stymie the flow of young ethnic
Albanians traveling to fight in Syria
and Iraq where an estimated 200 Kosovars
are believed to have already joined the
ranks of militant groups like the
Islamic state researchers at a Spanish
University have developed a device they
hope will help elderly people who have
fallen get medical attention sooner the
Fate device is worn around the waist and
uses sensors similar to the ones that
deploy car air bags when sudden
acceleration is detected current alert
devices on the market require the user
to press a button to contact emergency
services the delay in treatment could
cause irreversible health problems but
the makers of fate say once this sensor
goes off a medical team calls the
patient and relatives to offer
assistance
the team is testing the device in Spain
Ireland in Italy over the next six
months check out the vice news YouTube
channel for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world are
saying that the minimum purchase
countries
dollars and that you are actually being
made + 75 to 200 is that
Oh
