campaign against kobani the nest of over
180,000 refugees fled into Turkey
they've set up some of these camps and
I'm sure they're not home 180,000 but I
be interesting to see how these guys are
dealing with the situation and find out
more about what they think is gonna
happen next
Salcedo is getting boon for him a shot
on the body massage etiquette for my run
about a man I'm Kecia Tokido no
bureaucracy and can every chair and
above the scooter know well you know I
work for say sunny rather nap corner
cabinet honorable even about journi Obon
is in Albany now is here
Oh Shawn Yount was aluminum conductor be
affordable
Oh short half lemon aluminum is where
they pick up their clothes their charity
as well
the hammer Shinawatra so there's so much
stronger outside I think it's kind of
family to speed which is understandable
because you've got loads of people
staying in one town
having visited that clothes shop and the
supplies tent I mean they seem quite
optimistic they're prepared for colder
months and they seem on top of stocks
and enough supply for everyone here but
I'm not sure that'll be the case if
kobani keeps going the way it is and it
falls into the hands of Isis and more
refugees will be coming out
