it's tuesday october fourteenth and
here's some of the news beyond the
headlines Israeli police blocked a group
of Palestinians from leaving Jerusalem's
alloxan mosque on Monday as Jewish
worshippers visited to mark the circus
holiday also known as the Feast of
Tabernacles a spokesman said police
found firebombs bottle rockets and rocks
inside the compound and we're trying to
prevent a planned riot the standoff
follows similar confrontations at the
mosque last week on a two-day visit to
the region un secretary-general ban
ki-moon said he was concerned about the
quote repeated provocations at the
city's holy sites and urged Israel to
make compromises for the sake of peace
with the Palestinians to build a trust
and confidence police in Thailand found
dozens of sick and exhausted people
hiding on a remote island on Monday who
they suspect were trafficked from
Bangladesh more than 130 people have
been found since Saturday and Peng nam
province north of the popular resort
island of Phuket some have been
identified as row hanger Muslims from
western Myanmar authorities have moved
them to a shelter while they investigate
how they got to Thailand and how they'll
be returned home an Italian weed expert
is cultivating potent strains for a
medical marijuana pilot program planned
for next year the military has been
tasked with growing cannabis at a high
security lab in Florence a move the
government believes will cut the cost of
importing it from the Netherlands by
half officials also hope to sway users
from buying marijuana off the black
market which is run by the country's
notorious mafia groups last year's
decision to legalize medical marijuana
was a bold move for Italy where the
Catholic Church's opposition to drugs
has long influenced its policies
a new wheelchair promises to give the
disabled the freedom to go where they've
never been able to before Welsh engineer
Sean Pierce spent five years designing
and testing the hex hog the six wheel
electric all-terrain vehicle or ATV can
navigate surfaces which traditional
wheelchairs wouldn't dare attempt to
reach controlled by a joystick the hex
hog can travel up to 12 miles on a full
charge at speeds of up to eight and a
half miles an hour those interested in
buying one will need to shell out thirty
thousand dollars check out the vice news
youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world with endless we need those who
have experienced such pandemic before to
come to our he's I think that that's
part that makes it very different people
that they'll be doing as much as they
can and working incredibly hard it won't
be enough to get out under control
you
