it's Friday October 10th and hear some
of the news beyond the headlines 17
civilians are dead and tensions between
India and Pakistan are the highest
they've been in a decade after the two
nuclear powers exchanged fire and
disputed Kashmir Indian and Pakistani
officials are blaming one another for
breaching a border troops made in 2003
as well as targeting civilians and
unprovoked attacks meanwhile thousands
are fleeing Kashmir for safety peaceful
demonstrators filled the streets where
an off-duty st. Louis police officer
shot a black teenager Wednesday night
the officer says 18 year old vonda at
meijer fired at him first but Myers
family says the team was unarmed two
months ago the police killing of unarmed
18 year-old Michael Brown in nearby
Ferguson touched off weeks of clashes
between police and demonstrators a
source with access to North Korea's
leadership tells Reuters that Kim
jong-un is still in charge and denies
rumors he'd been pushed from power the
source tells Reuters that Kim jong-un
has been sidelined with leg injuries
resulting from being too fat the 31 year
old Kim hasn't been seen in public since
September 3rd sparking rumours of a
power struggle in Pyongyang some 70
people are dead following suicide bomb
attacks in a crowded square in Yemen's
capital sana as well as an army
checkpoint in the country South a Shia
rebel group known as the who thiis was
congregating for a march in the square
when the attack happened the Houthi
rebels took over the capital last month
and after weeks of protests and clashes
struck a peace agreement with Yemen's
government both strikes add to fears
that Sunni extremists including Yemen's
al Qaeda offshoot al Qaeda in the
Arabian Peninsula or mobilizing
retaliatory attacks
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
Roberto chief rocky II Bulgaria attend a
tea strainer easter egg not a broken who
knows Oprah Natalia yo te consilio y no
venir por que andan por venir variant
