this matter people refuse them there is
no space there is no up depth for the
Wolfpack in the community and that's how
it spreads further because now the guys
we are prepared to sacrifice into duty
service reliability 20 cases yesterday
40 cases today and you know that
tomorrow is gonna be 70 these are real
people with real stories and and realize
a bola an infectious disease that
spreads through contact with bodily
fluids including saliva and sweat has an
extremely high fatality rate and is
currently wreaking havoc in West Africa
the recent outbreak which is the largest
of all time really took hold in March of
2014 in Guinea it quickly spread to
Liberia and Sierra Leone with cases also
found in Senegal the Democratic Republic
of Congo and Nigeria as we gather here
today the people of Liberia are in
crisis the Ebola virus is spreading at
alarming speed this epidemic could kill
hundreds of thousands of people in the
coming months right as a u.s. President
Barack Obama announced that he would be
sending American troops to help combat
the epidemic vice news was headed to
Monrovia the capital of Liberia to
document the fight against the disease
with around 3,000 confirmed cases of
infection and nearly half of those cases
having become fatal Liberia is now the
center point of the epidemic
so besides washing your hands this right
here this is key and you'll see people
walking around with uh with spray
buckets with just like little little
satchels or little little canisters on
their belt we first headed to redemption
hospital which has become ground zero
for Ebola cases in the city many
potential cases are sent there first and
the hospital is overflowing and lacking
the proper infrastructure to treat them
how to manage how to be able to continue
well you find that although it is beyond
our capability beyond our own that
standard this is the reason why everyone
is confused as soon as we arrived we saw
desperate people outside trying to get
Tremont I'm sorry sir
are you okay he went in a lot drink
several times so he has he has the virus
yes
so why can't we get him inside right now
I'm gonna follow we're okay is there
space are there beds inside their
Airways Everywhere's occupies okay
gentlemen we were just talking to
outside he's been waiting out there for
two hours he's clearly very sick he
clearly has the virus but there's just
there's just no space and there's really
no one there that's that's taken care of
him everything is completely overwhelmed
so we tried to bring him to the
attention of the people here I'm sure
they know already but um you know the
man's gonna sit out there there's
nothing anyone can do right now there's
just a complete shortage of medical
professionals of health care facilities
of space to treat this disease
she's out for the district taking
ambulance service I just thought it
efficient and bold with the ambulance as
you can see in the official symbol and
we are waiting for the nurses then I can
pop off here and then as far as
efficient for the ambulance and why are
they waiting is there just is there's no
room in the and a holding center right
now
they're trying to create space are you
are you scared I mean day to day you're
around really sick people yeah because
I'm working for my country and working
for my people to sit like at least a lot
of people live to be safe we are there
working on a daily basis the tip is sick
people for the burroughs community so
other people can get affected I can tell
you sometimes it's so convenient
whenever I'm saying my citizen died on a
daily business
diathermy we then heard a commotion
around the side of the hospital a female
patient scared and wanting to see her
family had fled out a side exit hospital
staff tried to get her to go back inside
as a crowd formed there's a crowd of
people right by the exit the hospital
where patients are coming out clearly
not the right way to contain this
disease
I was sick but died everyday some in the
crowd told us that they were family
members of sick patients upset about not
being able to see and get updates on
their loved ones back out front Paul was
trying to get out of the problem with
stopping the spread of Ebola is the lack
of treatment facilities and trained
health care staff at JFK Hospital the
situation wasn't much better we then
headed to a clinic run by Doctors
Without Borders also known as medicine
sans frontier or MSF that morning MSF
had stopped admitting new patients
because of a planned expansion and
because one of their expat health care
workers had tested positive for Ebola
MSF had been on the frontlines fighting
Ebola since the beginning of the
outbreak and had been pleading with the
international community for more
attention for some time they too however
are forced to turn away patients Paul
who we had met earlier at redemption
Hospital was now an MSF trying to get
treatment across the street we met
Victor Marcos who was trying to get his
older brother admitted to a treatment
center with no luck have you tried to go
to the hospital they say no
or that one who I have been a person
today disinter and Ragini at is that
normal you can't enter Honolulu for I'm
gonna rock so Jeff cases go to MSF MSF
says they can't take what can you do now
once I can do nothing I don't have I'm
gonna to go for a ring yet you know when
you go so I don't know how to do round
four cheese while we were talking to
Victor a woman who lived nearby
approached and told us that some sick
people in her community had been turned
away from the clinic they had just
returned home and she feared they might
spread the virus there is no Spears
there is no death for the walk back in
your community is ginger as well and
that's how it spreads further because
now that yeah yeah very sick they were
pharmacy at the house
where are they right now yeah and you
call ambulances you call police no one
does anything maybe what even went the
Attic kids you have the big bull man
people are dying
is it okay for us to talk to them
they'll be okay with us yeah
what do you think what you think it's
okay to go what's your what's your
what's your vibe I don't think you're
you're fake I don't know what to do
after a short to be we decided not to
follow up on the potentially infected
neighbors for fear of our own safety and
because we didn't want to give the
impression that we could provide help so
when it's a West Point right now which
is the largest slum in Monrovia Ebola
hasn't hit there harder than it's hit
anywhere else but the government tried
to quarantine it about a month ago and
riots broke out a treatment center was
looted and the army actually opened fire
and killed a child so there's a lot of
distrust of the government there Liberia
is still recovering from two brutal
civil wars fought from 1989 to 2003
additionally many Liberians also see
their government as wilfully corrupt
with even President Ellen Sirleaf
Johnson admitting corruption was endemic
both of these reasons contribute to the
lack of trust in the government and help
explain why relations between the
community of West Point and authorities
are so strained we're on our way to
reach Katie miler who runs a tuition
free school for vulnerable girls in West
Point in recent weeks her organization
more than me has shifted to dealing with
stopping the spread of Ebola in West
Point this includes creating awareness
teams who go out and spread information
on the virus I mean is it getting better
here is it getting worse is the
awareness helping well what's getting
better is that as the disease or the
virus is actually spreading and getting
worse than the thing is that people have
changed their minds it's been a lot of
chaos here and that is because there
hasn't been a lot of communication the
awareness team really just started
recently like within the last week
so I mean you had weeks where people
were not really getting information in
every single day you have 20 cases
yesterday 40 cases today and you know
that tomorrow it's gonna be 70 so you
know every day it's like more and more
people and I know these sound like
numbers but when it's like my neighbor
for example this morning I went to his
house and he was sick I was able to give
him drugs but he he died this afternoon
it's like these are real people with
real stories and and
alive we are doing utter piss funding
that is we are trying to get all of the
sick people Archie is spearheading the
effort in West Point and has been
leading teams around the community
people have been taking of the voting
centers from voting centers after
screening they are taking to the render
cell or treatment unique but not all of
the dtu's are they did to us bill all of
the bully centers are filled so what we
are doing is to try to ensure that we
engage them at warm we encourage the
sick people at pain
Archie's team focuses on contact tracing
which locates sick people and tries to
find out who came in contact with them
and may also have been infected so they
can be monitored as well so what can you
do for her trying to ensure that watch
easy as she can be getting some medicine
to be taking mm-hmm she can be got this
right can't you keep harsh cruel then as
soon as we get a video space back there
we can use the ambulance we took what
our script Lee and who's taking care of
her I mean her daughter is young she's
here does she know how to how to take
care of her does she know not to touch
her and not to do a body to be okay I
just got to do about it to be yeah so
the next thing we're going to do now is
to talk to one person how to take care
of halt and how they are going to go or
you know in taking care of home okay
what are all those steps preventive
stays a little tick to not have yourself
in problem - okay we want to do that
today
so you're gonna educate the family here
about how to take care of together we
are going to have the nurses coming in
to closely look at her it will also be
out there trying to ensure that we found
space quickly that Emily's going to go
to the hospital
Ebola has an incubation period of
anywhere from 2 to 21 days after coming
in contact with it meaning that it
sometimes doesn't become apparent
someone has it until three weeks later
unfortunately in a poor neighborhood
like West Point there's also lots of
other diseases like cholera malaria that
show similar symptoms to Ebola adding to
the challenge of contact tracing because
it's believed for instance if in bola is
whispered it sounded all of all I said
yeah I don't know there's different look
that is one is very stink
yeah so you're saying there's a lot of
disease here anyway yeah
diseases but not in burlap so you
believe in both exists you just don't
think it's in West Point
I believe in Beulah is real but not in
words but not in West Point okay
but don't you think that if you don't
take the precautions maybe Ebola will
come here we're heading to meet Sam the
Data Manager for more than me and
another one of the staff leaders working
in West Point he recently returned to
Liberia from decades of living abroad in
America there's everything happening
around you know trying to give your time
and help we were just with the awareness
team sort of going door-to-door checking
on sick people only got a call a
prisoner a man who was arrested was in
court started throwing up and they think
he's sick and the whole courthouse
cleared out so they're trying to figure
out what to do with him right now but
it's sort of you know this is what it is
here it's chaos and people don't really
know how to respond all the time and
what to do how to how to cope with this
the ambulance finally showed up no small
feat considering there's also an
ambulance shortage in my road one
displays like this however sometimes
further strain community relations and
lead to stigma for Ebola victims
despite the chaotic scenes in West Point
and outside treatment centers in most of
Monrovia life moved along as normal as a
- it wasn't a zombie land people all
still went about their daily lives with
some added precautions put in place the
city was undergoing a heavy-duty
awareness campaign
and most Liberian rappers had even
recorded songs warning people to be
careful
right
Ebola is at its most infectious on dead
bodies of its victims which makes
burials and funerals and extremely risky
practice
Monrovia is dead were no longer being
very instead they were being cremated so
as not to infect others we met up with a
body retrieval team working with the
International Federation of Red Cross
their job was to collect bodies from all
over the city
and prep them for cremation their first
stop was JFK Hospital a health care
worker had passed away and the family
had received special permission to bury
the body
this particular
family is that a big concern for you
with these guys going in there I mean do
you worry about them getting sick do you
worry about that contracting disease
and I'm sure the place in the mind of my
team unfortunately there was a mixup at
JFK
we've been dressed for almost an hour
plus now and we're putting them to fight
a party the porter who came to picked up
it's like they are saying that they've
already talking about it and the family
members say the body's here and a doctor
say he has you know place it somewhere
and so that week when will comes me will
be able to identify the body but will
garner the butin was messed up nobody
knows who to the body from gear things
got a bit confusing inside JFK admit the
confusion a sick man struggled up
outside the hospital gates his family
said he had tested positive for malaria
and typhoid
but precautions were still necessary
Ebola has stressed Liberian health care
system so much that even those with
other diseases are being turned away
each time pick up body eat that many to
do to spray spray our body anything we
talk to spray or to you be but even with
that I mean there's gonna be it's it's a
really scary disease a man get a disease
but we drink we if we don't do we will
do it yeah
who do we nobody would do it so we are
trained for this purpose so we don't
want that scenario and said I would a
lot of dead bodies in the streets of
Monrovia and nobody's picking up so once
we are trained and we have the
capability we have to do it you know
importer to southern nation
so you can see like the the bleach on
the back of your shirt right now right
all your shirts now just cover covered
in bleach yeah
emmanuel joked about it but he's doing
one of the most dangerous jobs in the
city every precaution needs to be taken
and even taking off the personal
protection equipment suits needs to be
handled meticulously otherwise the suit
wearer can get infected this is what
they do ten times a day they have nine
stops today
they suit up they get ready and they go
and you know they can't make one little
mistake because if they do it's gonna
spread one of their team members is
gonna get sick it's gonna be even harder
to get people to do this job so what
we've what we've been told is that the
symptoms here lead them to believe it's
probably not Ebola it might be rabies or
something of that nature but because of
the situation every precaution has to be
taken so everybody that's being disposed
of now is being treated as if it's an
Ebola victim
the body retrieval teams often face
reluctance from family members
especially when the symptoms are in line
with other diseases no one wants to see
a loved one carried off in a body bag
outside an abandoned mansion on the
outskirts of Monrovia family members of
an Ebola victim told us how they think
he called the disease when I do mostly
cleanup and the last time we held our
pollyali was autumn ostinato bear boy
then watching after he came morning
sorry I will grant you Tony to go to
your house it with custard during the
burial is the mosque and you think he
caught it from one of the bodies that
was there you know that ok he's now
calling qalam qalam qalam but if you put
delay I tried a few to these people all
day to respond to Corvallis fast will be
fine so his community told him to come
here they kick them out they drew him
over here to put him in this house to
keep him away from to come here
and you started calling on Sunday when
he got really sick when did he pass away
when did he pass a last night
so you have to do this ten times a day
you talk to people who've lost their
relatives I mean does that affect your
mind are you because they are fed
normally no with the trade for this
there we are prepared to sacrifice into
to the service for the library
so we headed into a redemption hospital
right now which is sort of in the belly
of the beast here with the outbreak it
was supposed to be a holding center but
it turned into a treatment center
because patients had had nowhere to go
we headed in to meet the medical
director dr. Mohammad Sango who had been
overseeing all efforts against Ebola
so did you build this all we built this
one year when the outbreak started
registering where they decided that you
really have because you weren't a
holding center until recently we found
that useful in sometimes instead of we
in our waiting these patients are
yelling machine without taking them you
need to be to the right
right foot please and what's your stuff
I mean were they trained to handle this
stuff before the outbreak started no
yeah for this particular yeah yeah the
practical aspects we've got a
theoretical you see the theoretical
training and the practical
it's one thing in the classroom one
thing in the field yeah yeah yeah
redemption hospital which is typically a
free clinic was only supposed to be a
holding center for Ebola patients before
they headed out swear for treatment when
patients started flooding in however it
became a de facto treatment center
trying to cope with the influx as best
it could the health care workers that
you have that are treating these
patients psychologically what they've
seen the past few months it's gotta be
very very hard on them so we have hot
series of health workers
you can see all of those cases that
which one is none of them time DUI it is
not because the virus passing it is
because of the windy and to the
management of the disease the medical
infrastructure area but what they put to
calculate to the list are much of food
lost by this patient able to calculate
to the least amount of electrolytes and
what kind of electrolyte that is lost
and you don't have that capability here
the capability this is they're not part
we it's difficult so difficult to
continue with need helpers we need those
who have experienced such pandemic
before to come to a heat
how are you coping emotionally I have to
I have to put this stress know if
nursing I will be collecting of
circumstances I always tell if you teach
so much about the disease and become
frightened what is supposed to do to
protect you you cannot lick it you will
not eat you will not even fear that when
this fire consumes you
the disease equally confusion so you
have to be a lot you have to be alert at
all times no sleeping on the disease no
sleeping on your emotions what the
possible following around on camera
music get around but should we get cut
away or there are certain areas as you
can yeah I mean we have so we have PPE
suits if you need us to photos on you
want to put into the EPI into a
treatment center would that be possible
because when you voted is the government
yeah when you go to a peasant or the
city park you become infected and become
infectious to you take those things off
in taking those things of let me let me
independent advice
taking those tips of these those
effective materials that's our new Jetta
so my dear anything just implants we
heated the doctor's advice and decided
not to enter the treatment center
instead we headed back to NSF who had
recently started taking in patients
again so we're at the MSF clinic right
now they've about 160 beds here and
that's not enough at all you know
they're they're doing the best they can
but people keep coming in and out last
week there were a hundred survivors they
were able to transfer out but the worry
right now is that this thing is
increasing exponentially and it's gonna
keep growing and growing and growing how
hard is it for you guys to turn people
away at the gate that you know are sick
and need help that's the worse things
that we have to do on a daily basis also
with this specific disease we are we
have the risk of the spreading when they
go home that's why we give the kid it's
one of the worst thing and what is also
very difficult that we don't know what
is going to stop because as long as
there is not enough bed capacity in the
in the city we will have to continue to
do it behind me right here is the MSF
gate where people line up to get in so
every morning you know they come out
here around 8:00 8:30 and judging by the
people who have died last night and the
people that have been released because
you know they've stopped showing
symptoms that's how many people they can
let in and the people at the gate have
to do a sort of triage where they see
the sickest people they let them in they
follow down this road right here and you
can see the seats down there where they
await sort of the next step in their
treatment that they're gonna get how
does it feel being a Liberian person and
watching your country go through this
seeing your fellow citizens in here in
these camps and and they're not being
enough help for them right now well to
say the least this is an emotional
period for me and every like area and so
every day to see our brothers and
sisters
at hospitals and it cannot be taking it
simply because these facilities do not
have the space it's really emotional
it's heartbreaking it's been almost two
months since I last stopped going to see
my mother and my daughter was dreaming I
just read that are these are desperate
times desire dangerous times James come
back today and then they'll make him
we'll find out if they get perfect so if
he told us about Dominic who had tested
positive for Ebola and recovered when
his three year old nephew James was
diagnosed as well
Dominic decided to come back to the
clinic and help him recover there is
strong scientific evidence that once
someone survives Ebola they are immune
to the strain with which they were
infected and you made the choice to come
back in and take care of him you weren't
scared to help
I think I got his gun later that night
young James's test results came back
negative he had been cured of Ebola and
him and Dominic were able to leave the
clinic James is that clinic's youngest
ever Ebola survivor that's just day
after day after day of more people
coming and coming and coming
yeah as well is that people are working
incredibly hard but will never be enough
to get this outbreak under control so
yeah people are making that horrendous
choice of turning people away around
health care every day and then yeah does
it feel sometimes like you're fighting a
losing battle of sorts I think that that
makes a great deal of people that
they'll be doing as much as they can and
working incredibly hard so as we've seen
here at MSF and among the local
Liberians that we've hung out with that
are combating this thing everyone's
really doing all they can you know no
one really has the capabilities the
infrastructure isn't in place and no one
really expected to get this bad and for
the epidemic to grow so quickly there's
hope that with the influx of US troops
helping with the building of additional
treatment centers and the international
community finally paying attention the
spread of Ebola in Liberia can be slowed
some however feel the international
community has responded too late and it
will now take a much bigger effort to
get the outbreak under control
