it's wednesday october eight and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
Hezbollah has claimed responsibility for
an explosion that wounded two Israeli
soldiers on the Lebanese border Israel
responded by firing it Hezbollah
positions in southern Lebanon this is
the most serious incident between the
countries in months Israeli soldiers
discovered and destroyed a second
explosive device health workers across
Spain have taken to the streets after a
Madrid nurse was diagnosed with the
Ebola virus they blamed Spain
substandard equipment and a lack of
safety protocols for the spread of the
disease on Spanish soil the nurses
believed to have contracted the virus
after treating a patient from Sierra
Leone gay couples are rushing to the
aisle in the 5 latest states to legalize
gay marriage the Supreme Court has
denied appeals from Indiana Oklahoma
Utah Virginia and Wisconsin which sought
to ban gay marriage legal experts say
the high court's move will pave the way
for gay marriage in other states at
marriage equality embodies our American
values of fairness I'm from Ohio an
American man has traveled to Syria to
join Kurdish fighters defending their
territory against an invasion by Islamic
state militants Brian Wilson says he's
an ex-soldier and knows of other
Americans fighting along Kurdish forces
the director of the FBI said recently
that he knows of about a dozen Americans
fighting for Isis very good people check
out the vice news YouTube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world live
on only four
varios al parsi gas or amo material
meant a friend initial abarca share
aborted enter a bar a shinnob invent a
terrific on
Oh
