it's Thursday October second and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
thousands of people gathered in Taiwan
on Wednesday to show their support for
Hong Kong's growing pro-democracy
demonstrations many of the protesters
chanted the slogan today's Hong Kong
tomorrow's Taiwan the to have a close
relationship and are under increasing
pressure from China but Taiwan split
from mainland China 50 years ago and has
its own government and military Hong
Kong's protesters have threatened to
occupy the city's government buildings
if the chief executive doesn't quit
China's foreign minister responded with
a warning against any quote from illegal
acts that violate public order major we
should not look at this image US
Secretary of State Henry Kissinger to
her plans to attack you by nearly 40
years ago that's according to newly
declassified government documents
Kissinger feared that Cuba's 1976
military intervention in Angola was
making the us look weak he told several
White House officials that the actions
of then President Fidel Castro would
have frightening implications across the
globe days later Kissinger presented
several contingency plans that ranged
from a military blockade to airstrikes
and mining of Cuban ports but the
documents also warned of the risks of an
attack such as a wider conflict with the
Soviet Union and a ground war to defend
the u.s. naval base at Guantanamo Bay a
Spanish scientist trapped 1,300 feet
underground in a cave in the Peruvian
Amazon was rescued on Tuesday a team of
more than a hundred workers braved rain
and cold temperatures to bring cecelio
Lopez have say-dough to safety several
of his colleagues traveled from Spain to
South America to join the effort the 44
year old was airlifted to the capital
Lima for treatment of a back injury he
suffered during the 12-day ordeal he
says he hopes to heal and return to the
cave to complete his research
la de torreon agua del Congress Mexican
prosecutors have charged three soldiers
with homicide in the June killings of
nearly two dozen suspected gang members
in the country South the military
initially reported that the 21 men and
one woman died in a long firefight with
a squad of eight soldiers in the rural
town of san pedro de mo a witness who
asked to remain unnamed claims that the
alleged gang members had surrendered and
that soldiers led them back into a
warehouse where they were killed
prosecutors argue that there was
evidence of a brief firefight in which
one person died but that soldiers then
sprayed bullets to kill the others with
quote no justification whatsoever check
out the vice news youtube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world the
best result on you did you done voyagers
no statistical pieces personality
patella so yeah that's something I need
to go in at there will go away boy ok ok
Bail Bonds and only use injectibles make
me Danny custody then this is your pet
away for
