it's Wednesday October first and hear
some of the news beyond the headlines
clashes broke out in the Greek capital
Athens on Tuesday as members of aroma
community rioted against the planned
demolition of their camp almost 200 Roma
set fire to furniture tires and garbage
bins and blocked the main road in the
suburb of Calandra preventing police
from entering to bulldoze homes the Roma
have been squatting in the area for the
last 40 years authorities want to move
them to a settlement outside of Athens
but a spokesman for the community claims
the area where they would be transferred
is too cold and doesn't have basic
amenities Myanmar wants to give
conditional citizenship to 1.1 million
row hanga people but the consequences of
refusing the offer are concerning under
the initiative members of the Muslim
minority would be granted citizenship
only if they reclassify themselves as
bengali those who refuse or don't have
the appropriate documents would be
placed in so-called temporary camps
Myanmar's foreign minister made the
first public reference to the plan at
the UN General Assembly on Monday human
rights groups fear it would drive more
people from their villages adding to the
almost 140,000 row hanga displaced by
ethnic violence and living in squalid
camps a school in southern Poland is
feeding underprivileged children with
food that was meant to be exported to
Russia Moscow announced a one-year
embargo on western food products after
it was hit by sanctions for aggravating
Ukraine's conflict many farmers who
receive assistance from the EU because
of the band have donated their products
to food banks one of which has supplied
the school with the extras Poland has
one of the strongest economies in the
region but poverty in some parts of the
country leaves more than half a million
children malnourished
their likelihood is that that's due to a
lot of human interference one of the
world's biggest environmental groups
says were largely to blame for the
sharpest decline in wildlife populations
ever recorded according to a report
released by the World Wildlife Fund the
numbers have dropped by more than a half
over the course of 40 years data was
analyzed from some 10,000 populations of
mammals birds reptiles amphibians and
fish the report lists habitat
destruction and climate change as the
worst offenders check out the vice news
youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world Papa Papa Vietnam vistana
Dharma high official of the cylinder I'm
an jihadi perfect image of me Baz
Luhrmann a man Oh madam anna chief
monmouth ave inshallah nana addo chip
shop german ah shucks is the corolla the
volume
you
