it's Monday September 29th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
tens of thousands of people joined
pro-democracy demonstrations in Hong
Kong over the weekend protest movement
occupy central began a mass civil
disobedience campaign a few days ahead
of schedule after police used tear gas
pepper spray and batons to disperse
crowds of students who had staged a
week-long boycott of classes police
arrested more than 70 people and dozens
were injured on both sides the
protesters are calling for China's
central government in Beijing to reverse
a decision reached last month that bars
open nominations for Hong Kong's top job
hundreds of yemen's capital have rallied
for rebel militias to leave a day after
the signing of the un-brokered security
deal representatives of the Shia Houthi
tribe promised to disarm and withdraw
from areas they seized in recent months
sana residents say they've had enough
and that the group's deployment of armed
fighters had made it impossible for
anyone to live in peace Yemen's
political forces agreed last week to
form a unity government to include the
hearth ease who for more than a month
demanded a new government and the
reinstatement of fuel subsidies German
police are looking into reports that
security guards have abused refugees at
an asylum centre authorities raided the
facility in burbach in the country's
West after a local journalist received
leaked video footage of guards
physically abusing an asylum seeker
police also found a cell phone picture
of a guard placing his foot against the
neck of a handcuffed refugee all the
guards who are employed by a private
security firm contracted by the
government were removed from the
facility after refugees questioned by
police made further allegations of
mistreatment how do you bottle a scent
worthy of a revolutionary leader
according to Cuba's government you just
don't plans to develop fragrances in
honor of late revolutionary leader
Ernesto Che Guevara and venezuelan
President Hugo Chavez have been stopped
Cuba's government called the project
disrespectful and a serious error and
said it would punish pharmaceutical
company la boeuf on for creating the
perfumes and
case you were curious Ernesto was
described as woodsy and citrus with
notes of talcum and evo a fruitier
concoction laced with mango and papaya
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world a
lot of sadness fear that a more selfish
guru but i can either Sekot we don't
miss out that a hug today a woman I had
bad minister menachem issue Bednarek on
which photo little move on which all
taught him down a bit for
you
