climate change is one of the first
victims you know we've got the people
who live in the southern hemisphere and
the very far north and they had the
wildlife that live there or the first
people who are experiencing global
warming and it's
we are in peril here in your city this
is where flood water is gathering
there's a direct action later today
there are some people speaking up there
right now we're gonna go try to sleep
your sector is under climate attacks the
time to act is now now this means
revolution everybody ready to step it up
today vested interests that are winning
so much from inaction and even have
plans to profit from the climate crisis
and are already enacting them and that's
what we can't afford that makes the
fight that much part of it right you're
trying to change our entire system not
just specific issues and in your book
you talk about really change an ideology
that seems like a huge task harder than
starting well I think it helps to
actually name what you're up against and
I think what gives me hope is you know
this is almost three years to the day
since Occupy Wall Street and a lot of
the people here today were involved in
in that in that action that moment that
process and at the time climate change
wasn't on the agenda for the movement in
fact like the you know caught by Wall
Street came up with a document that
listed everything that was wrong with
Wall Street and wrong with capitalism
and crime a change wasn't on the list
this is a system that isn't just
foreclosing on on on on people's
individual homes its foreclosing on our
collective home what I think is exciting
about this moment is you have all these
sort of rivers of activism coming
together and you know this to emit
amazing leads are symbolic to be having
this this
gathering by the water and
the charges
by Wall Street over the last year's you
think you are starting to feel
attractive in this economy approved a
little bit and took a little winGuard
yourselves but everybody's on board with
climate change
the protesters that we work with from
Battery Park walked all the way up
Broadway and then around the waterfall
and they started sitting down on the
street so far everything and peaceful
police are allowed protesters you have
Broadway but they're all lined up here
they're setting up fences if I wanna get
in before they completely knock us out
kick them in you can't come in here you
cannot come in looking at you Kathryn
Italy
three we're taking these very
no but they can be everyone al if
somebody wanted to be English man
without just walk straight down
le news I have the white privilege the
white male privilege people can kind of
like most of the white guys that are
controlling the money out so I want them
when they come out here to see a little
bit of themselves or something that
close up they can imagine would be
themself out here and might might break
that wall and have them start to think a
little bit about if I'm the changed
about what they're investing me about
how those are moral choices we know that
Wall Street is we have to disrupt I mean
we can petition and have protests and
marches and that's all well and good and
maybe we'll even get some legislation
that that'll take years to implement we
have to become wrenches to be thrown
into the cogs and machine to stop this
climate change crisis the climate change
is one of the first victims
we've got people who live in the
southern hemisphere and the very far
north and then the wild left there were
the first people who are experiencing
global warming and it's
climate change affects the people that
live on coasts that don't have a lot of
money it affects frontline communities
that are dealing with tar sands
extraction
it affects people that live next to
fossil fuel burning plants and get
asthma today it will investigate yeah
with you would actually a recipe I think
it's gonna happen I don't know you know
I'm uh there's no added cost on well I
don't know how it would either but I'm
interested oh people are rising or
compromising
people are rising
show me what I've been pushing them back
walk out here
Oh
large sit-in that's going on for a few
hours now right at the entrance of Wall
Street and we saw police started
arresting some of the protesters we're
sitting at
overall I mean I'm sleepy we're getting
arrested now but today seemed very
peaceful for a long time yes deliberate
sort of strategy black people think
retreat changes some people are going to
be let go what you guys were okay with
people kind of blocking traffic this
morning and then stain I'm Broadway for
most of the day that was cool listen are
we okay with it I don't know what you
well you had no orders to break the bank
so much
Oh
