it's Wednesday September 24th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
Syrians are inspecting the damage
inflicted by the first round of us-led
airstrikes inside the country targeting
militant group the Islamic state a video
posted online appears to show rescue
workers in a terrible eppo pulling
bodies from the rubble of leveled
buildings residents and Eid lib claim
all the people killed in strikes on
their town were civilians who were
displaced by fighting in Aleppo the
Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says
the air strikes killed dozens of members
of the Islamic state and that fighters
of the al-qaeda-affiliated nusrah front
were among the dead fighting between
Ukrainian forces and pro-russian
separatists has continued despite a
two-week-old ceasefire the sound of
gunfire echoed through Danny asked on
Tuesday as plumes of smoke rose above
the airport which sits about six miles
from the city centre even though the
airport's runway isn't functional the
building has become a flashpoint ever
since troops recaptured it from rebels
in May a German American journalist has
been freed in Somalia after spending
almost three years in captivity Michael
Scott Moore was taken by armed men in
central Somalia in january two thousand
twelve while conducting research for a
book on piracy german newspaper Der
Spiegel which more freelance for before
his capture reported that the 45 year
old was flown to the capital Mogadishu
and that he was in good health the
identity of his captors remains unclear
dozens of egyptian journalists and
activists have gone on hunger strike in
solidarity with political prisoners on
tuesday the trial of more than 260
people including prominent blogger ahmed
douma was postponed to october first
they're accused of illegal assembly and
attacking police and army in clashes
three years ago activists argue that
their continued detention highlights the
lack of freedom of expression in egypt
and a reversal of any fruits of the 2011
revolution check out the vice news
youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world vermeil employer Bhutto with
you all will be useful follow is a metal
ahmet will beat to break to you see
mashallah said Joseph an octoroon shock
block to the historian I shall
