today the other you walk
vice news embedded with the Islamic
Front defending rebel-held Aleppo from
both the Syrian regime and the Islamic
state so we're told it's an operation
planned for today
for right now we've been told to meet
them here it's deserted section of the
souk see what happens
Flamel a abu Marwan is a local Islamic
Front commander responsible for
defending the old souk he and his men
are planning to strike a government
position just moving around the old city
means exposing yourself to snipers to
minimize the risk
the rebels have burrowed through walls
across the old city to act a secure
route their frontline positions in a
strange way this the front line is
actually safest place in the city
because it's so close to government
positions the Carney's barrel bombs for
fear of hitting their own men
brigadiere cool guitar victory space
machine and you uncle Mehmet you you
saying one yes run really fast this is a
run across interns across stretch of
ground hope it's regime snipers are so
close to enemies sorry last person that
came across the tracks there's a hail of
gunfire shut their zone but it's behind
here sandbags it's closest regime sniper
position have to keep down very low mr.
fellows view from here regime soldiers
and these vices love grenades at each
other into this pleasure
I knew a woman below some sanity huh
mojodojo be any and a blueberry juice vs
Juventus often landed on the opposite
colleague of mine and a piano John
Muhammad Allah will be small or logic
for Universidad in the Lama stead of
this marriages abbiejean I mean
conseguir baptism of john turd and twat
mujahedeen I was ill at the fair
haha and of this austere given home
hashtag in the Berber the plenum red
nitrate
these are display of pony showgirl
when a US government pressured the
Islamic Front former sponsor Qatar to
stop funding Islamist groups much of the
supply of weapons and ammunition to the
Aleppo rebels is cut off the Islamic
Front at this stage in the war every
shot counts yeah
more than two years of fighting has left
Aleppo in ruins
one syria's commercial and industrial
capital 6,000 year old city is now a
ghost town almost all of its population
is fled rebel-held areas to escape
constant and indiscriminate regime
airstrikes Mahara hog is yesterday and a
beard
we are I believe chicken right here
Gabon Sarang gotta give different yeah
yeah
Iman nari no daddy Gina for me nice
mullet with regime in Islamic state
advances threatening to cut off the
supply route to Turkey in the north the
future looks bleak for the Islamic Front
and for Aleppo's last remaining
civilians this is what so much the
thinking looks right now is absolute
destruction so much the cities has been
pummeled by barrel bombs constantly
every day we're here dozen since you've
been here
so much the media attention on Syria is
about foreign jihad is coming in here
but primarily is the war fought by
Syrians against Syrians Syrians of the
greatest casualties and known in the
outside world really seems to care
the animatic or me HD bokeh the only
year
middle Marathi Nalanda Oh Ben Jason is
on your damn neck
look no one answer to also hurt Edward
hey Murphy todo o a la banda slowly Anna
who is left Ali Sahib
when Nizam a beast I'm in Habana fire on
bromine /e luma trying to shift to a
sheer doll my initial value only I wish
no panic Pacific much value well that's
about any thought the maps here what
wish would while a small trickle of
weapons is beginning to reach the
ostensibly secular FSA rebels the
Islamic Front is forced to improvise
with homemade artillery like the hell
can the guides here are loading up
projectiles for a hell cannon hell
cannons are kind of improvised rebel
gigantic mortar really it's like a giant
metal tube fires huge projectiles filled
with TNT TNT that's actually harvested
from barrel bombs I haven't exploded the
government drop the bombs here when the
ones failed to work these guys harvested
TNT and then end up firing it back at
government lines loading the projectiles
now with the explosive these are
homemade is made out of cooking gas
cylinders are you must warm in my ward
Intifada film dr. dario GED le boeuf a
la Bosnia hada G has Al Hadid went ahead
and jennamariea the war zone squatted
libitum
applause Jamie ten Piedad needed of
other Libyan water surfing at aphagia
sandy beaten with totally ontari over
Ross or a beat'em armory at the top G
so no hassle for Denzel Amato Selassie
mashaallah said yourself enough to the
room Sherlock don't the historian and
show lawyers in in their life where is
it what the hell cannons projectiles are
is indiscriminate in their own way has
barrel bombs civilians are frequently
killed in government-held areas by rebel
bombardment
a phenomenon that the garbage
the war in Syria spans generations one
of ABBA marwan's men fights beside his
son
Yemen was all right uh still Mia had the
hamlets Allah for Allah enough of them
ever Coubertin ever again maybe a teeny
hardship or wall I had that I'm Tiffany
lemon okay why I'm Debbie I'll add after
Adam John decided everything heavy this
is no and wide special differ an open
happy well can she be open session
during residence for you've received in
us rotten enough of the total dimension
another solid Arabic new channel after
them have seen in supply starved Aleppo
teenage boys fend off the regime with
homemade grenades
my my my
these rebels are so close to regime
positions are actually launching
grenades at them in a catapult only
that's why I love it
no no I just had had you saw honey sushi
Oh
a note afternoon miss Abby renewed
vanity cooler on the job five is a
careful way to RBNZ deliver me Latoya Oh
Muto if you all will be useful follow is
a metal a metal bit to break to you but
it nervously mu o yaran lyrical a
colossal warhead gwella was o woful
cherish ever issued artery horn hey chef
a balloon
