it's Monday September 22nd and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
Afghanistan's rival presidential
candidates have struck a deal to end a
months-long political crisis that
threatened to further destabilize the
country under a national unity
government Ashraf Ghani will serve as
president and Abdullah Abdullah will
take on a role equivalent Prime Minister
the men had accused each other a fraud
after the election drawing the UN in to
supervise a vote audit which the
Election Commission has ruled
inconclusive
a roadside bomb killed two Egyptian
policemen in the country's capital on
Sunday the blast went off at a police
checkpoint on a busy street near the
Foreign Ministry building in Cairo
authorities say seven people were
injured four schools in the area were
evacuated as bomb squad searched for
other explosives Islamic groups have
targeted the police and army in the
Sinai region and other areas more
recently ever since the military ousted
president Mohamed Morsi in july of last
year the commander of a group of Rwandan
fighters hiding out in the Democratic
Republic of the Congo zim battled east
says he's tired of war the men refers to
himself as Colonel Bonner and says he
and his fighters known as the Tigers
can't disarm without guarantees of
safety from the international community
the militia wants to return to Rwanda
and form a political party but the
Tigers are a branch of the democratic
forces for the liberation of Rwanda or
the FDLR and the UN suspect some of the
group's members are guilty of war crimes
in both countries Singapore's government
has been public screenings of a
documentary on the country's political
exiles hundreds of residents have
traveled to neighboring Malaysia to see
the film to Singapore with love the
media development authority claims the
documentary undermines national security
and that the student leaders and
activists featured in it distorted
details on how and why they left
Singapore a number of human rights
organizations have routinely criticized
Singapore for restricting freedom of
expression swaying public opinion and
discouraging political dissent
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
sport gagaga pikir another je study
customer caricature washable show at a
place miss economization history would
you describe that she design it actually
my pepita acidic sweet virginia which is
key in pierce care
