it's Friday September 19th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
Sierra Leone is on lockdown for three
days as thousands of health workers go
door-to-door looking for people infected
with the Ebola virus more than 20,000
police and soldiers are deployed to make
sure everyone stays off the streets but
the government's measures are making
many health officials nervous some
aren't confident that screening will be
effective without the appropriate
expertise and that there aren't enough
beds to accommodate new patients others
say restrictions similar to those in
force that aslam in the Liberian capital
last month could fuel riots and looting
and force people underground police in
California arrested a man on Thursday
suspected of starting a wildfire east of
Sacramento over the weekend high
temperatures and ongoing drought
conditions had caused the blaze to
nearly double in size overnight on
Wednesday authorities estimate that
about 71,000 acres of land have been
torched so far earlier this week a
smaller fire burned through a mining
town farther north in a matter of hours
Governor Jerry Brown has called a state
of emergency in the two affected
counties as thousands of firefighters
work around the clock to tame the blazes
archeologists have discovered eight gas
chambers used at a Nazi concentration
camp during World War two a roadway was
built above the site of the Chamber's
shortly after a prisoner uprising forced
German soldiers to raise an abandoned
Sobibor camp in October of 1943
historians believe the discovery will
help them understand how the camp
operated and more precisely how many
people were killed there Australian
authorities say they've thwarted plans
by extremists who support the Islamic
state to snatch and publicly behead a
random person some 800 police officers
conducted raids in sydney and brisbane
on thursday and arrested 15 people in
connection to the alleged plot Prime
Minister Tony Abbott says the country's
largest ever counterterrorism operation
was prompted by intelligence that a
senior Islamic state leader was
instructing supporters in Australia to
stage attacks
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world I'm
gonna be bigger dose I've got him in
used to give positive letter dope yes it
does
OOP
Oh
