her elemental hey true
fluid man Johnny vodka right
never
the world will be watching another
luminous Maryland we connect yourself
Yemen was officially declared a unified
Republic in 1990 but now it's a country
divided Washington views Yemen is a
major front in the battle against
al-qaeda since 2011 Yemen has embarked
on a series of reforms including a
transition of power and a national
dialogue for a new political system
President Obama now have used this model
as a blueprint for other failing states
in the region to follow the u.s. is
fighting a covert war in Yemen targeting
al-qaeda cells in the country using
drones and Special Forces to date it's
estimated that there have been 70 drone
attacks in Yemen but numbers are
difficult to verify not least because
they're mainly carried out by the CIA
not the US military public outrage
appears to have been steadily growing
against these strikes with 80 estimated
civilian casualties since 2002 but in
spite of the u.s. providing military
training and counterterrorism advice to
the Yemeni government the country is
riddled with sectarian tension and
violence with a threat of multiple civil
wars which may yet in the country apart
vice news got access to several groups
fighting battles in the north and south
of the country and those fighting a
guerrilla war with al-qaeda for the past
decade the Houthis a Shiite rebel group
have waged the bitter insurgency against
the government who they accuse of
aggression and discrimination they see
the Far Away states of america and
israel who they believe fund the Yemeni
government's fight against them as their
ultimate enemies
the Houthis power base is in the north
of the country but they also have a
strong presence here in the capital a
Shiite Muslims they overwhelmingly
support President Assad in Syria and his
BA in Lebanon in 2013 the current
government invited leaders of the
country's various movements and
ideologies to a national dialogue
conference an opportunity to start work
on a new Yemeni Constitution during
these talks which lasted ten months two
of the Houthis representatives were
murdered
some including Iranian state media claim
the government was involved with the
Houthi assassinations
well the Houthis have carved out a huge
chunk of northern Yemen another
separatist movement in the South is
looking to do the same and we will have
assuming seven with no memory of your
attacks
you will hardly
violent clashes between the movement and
local authorities have resulted in the
deaths of a second if Alma
yeah their leader that universe ever
gonna be the father and I just had a
good week she I didn't know you'd run
the authority but Muhammad Ali
ee-ah-ee-ah-ooh me and Sarah Vowell
Udrih beliefs beliefs Taha Philemon
Ashbury Sheikh will happen alga oh man
I will sing I like is that an oval model
camera Allah school director alena
virtually no versatile camera waiting
until next to you and sewer shall be
superb commerce of a manner Illuminatus
we're man ramen ramen ramen today was
you be phenomenal
lalalala
I'm at the event you that reveal a big
data via you know Kyle and Eileen Hollis
come upon them and press add heavy me
use a CalPERS I mean you gather Miguel
like a new building up heat race matter
a - why you have to show then when I
smell
LCS team murder I mean correct ceramic
tile to Adams to shine out a lot of our
children as a lefty - welcome back to
that fearsome no been on a steady
1204 thermal coal good lava her whenever
we go ah ha ll SAS intense Alaskan
cyclist I mean Obama's Korea the DMV
Silla will be admissible
yeah the houthis the southern
separatists and the government of Yemen
may all be enemies but they agree on one
thing the greatest enemy is al-qaeda who
have a bigger presence in Yemen than
anywhere else in the world with the most
active drone campaign in the world the
u.s. supports the Yemeni government in
its war against al-qaeda
we traveled east of Aden to the popular
committees non-government militias who
have taken it upon themselves to fight
al-qaeda chakra was previously an
al-qaeda stronghold but having been
pushed back by the army and the popular
committee al-qaeda moved into the
mountains in 2009 various elements of
al-qaeda joined together to form Ansar
al-sharia otherwise known as al-qaeda in
the Arabian Peninsula or AQAP the group
is one of our Qaeda's most dangerous
cells the cell has carried out terrorist
attacks inside Yemen and has targeted
commercial cargo flights with bombs
hidden in printer cartridges following
the uprising in Yemen in 2011 Ansar
al-sharia took advantage of a weakening
state and declared an Islamic Emirate in
southern Yemen clashes with the Yemeni
army then ensued the rapid deterioration
of security after 2011
led to the rise of the popular
committees locally armed resistance
groups committed to recapturing Ansar
al-sharia held areas these committees
consist of voluntary armed members of
the local population but they have
limited training and resources it's
believed they operate with a few
thousand men and coordinate security in
the abbien province their main role is
to provide security services guarding
roads and highways fighting crime and
filling a vacuum the government
see under here we are about the
bernadinem our God
despite retreating from key area are
still carrying out attacks on the army
the model came in the Mersey the army is
always on alert for an attack the area
is littered with debris from car bombs
and I exploded devices motus
despite the government's claim al-qaida
have been driven from AVM it's clear
that they are still at large
Allah Allah son of on the horizon and
when Allah Havel upon was another of
abdomen so alone of so fear is that I'm
noise sector or upon with three
different conflicts going on at the same
time a stronger Al Qaeda presence than
anywhere else in the world a collapsing
economy and a deeply fragmented country
many argue that Yemen's already a failed
state so even if the shaky alliance is
against Al Qaeda succeed Yemen will
still be in the eyes of Washington at
least one of the most dangerous
countries on earth
you
