it's Monday September 8 and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines clashes
broke out in the Chilean capital on
Sunday during a protest marking the 1973
military coup that brought the late
dictator augusto pinochet to power
police fired water cannons at
demonstrators some of whom were throwing
molotov cocktails and rocks as others
set fire to barricades in the streets
the March is held yearly to honor
victims of Pinochet's almost 17 year
reign only a small number of the more
than 3,000 killed or disappeared have
been discovered in mass graves and
hundreds of others were dumped in the
Pacific Ocean just a fraction of those
implicated in the killings and the
torture of up to thirty eight thousand
people have been brought to trial I'm in
good health North Korean state media is
reporting one of the three known
Americans held in the country will be
put on trial next week Matthew Todd
Miller was taken into custody in April
after he reportedly shredded his tourist
visa and demanded asylum upon arriving
in the Hermit Kingdom no appeals will be
allowed in the one-day supreme court
trial set for next Sunday Miller is
accused of committing a quote hostile
act against North Korea with no
complaint a South African research team
is running a mobile lab in Sierra
Leone's capital to speed up Ebola
testing the lab can confirm diagnosis
within hours instead of the several days
it took initially on Saturday the
country's health minister announced a
three-day quarantine in Freetown
scheduled for later this month residents
are expected to stay home between
September 19th and the 21st while
thousands of health and community
workers go door-to-door to identify
anyone infected with the virus who may
be in hiding Egypt's president is asking
for patience after days of crippling
power cuts abdifatah has c.c. took to
state-run television on Saturday to
request a week to address blackouts in
Cairo and other cities that began on
Thursday the outages also disrupted
water supplies in many areas as not all
water plants are equipped with
generators authorities have blamed a
technical failure at a power station in
Cairo and said hospitals were among the
institutions that would be given
priority as electricity was restored
Egypt's energy crisis is worsening as a
result of deteriorating infrastructure
sure and because the country can't
afford to buy the materials needed to
generate its own power check out the
vice news YouTube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world they all seem to
be going in the wrong direction if they
want to be defending the city this is
the kind of metal the Ukrainian troops
here have I don't think my ruble could
withstand an onslaught of the
pro-russian forces
