it's Thursday September fourth and
here's some of the news beyond the
headlines Pakistani forces say they've
killed more than 900 suspected militants
in an offensive against the Taliban near
the Afghan border international media
outlets haven't been granted access to
the tribal areas of North Waziristan the
army says some 80 soldiers have died in
fighting but hasn't commented on
civilian deaths the UN and other relief
organizations have struggled to care for
the more than 1 million people displaced
by the offensive Israel's military has
bulldozed one of the largest palestinian
factories in the West Bank it says is
affiliated with the militant group Hamas
the al rayyan dairy factory is owned by
an Islamic charity that claims to fund
schools and support orphans Israel also
says the Hebron facility didn't have a
legal permit to operate an Israeli Court
was on September seventh scheduled to
review a petition submitted by the
charity to stop the demolition but the
military's premature move may signal
that it never stood a chance
Singapore is running out of land to
build on so the country has gone nearly
500 feet underground to store its gas
supply the jurong Rock caverns have the
capacity to store as much crude oil as
it would take to fill 600 olympic-sized
swimming pools the project costs 1.7
billion dollars and is the first of its
kind in Southeast Asia for the first
time in more than 250 years rainbow
flags will be allowed to wave in the sea
of green march through New York City on
st. Patrick's Day organizers of the
world's largest parade celebrating Irish
culture have announced they will no
longer ban gay groups from participating
the event draws hundreds of thousands of
people to the center of Manhattan every
year but seldom without controversy
Mayor Bill de Blasio boycotted the
parade last year as did one of its
biggest sponsors the Irish brewing
company Guinness check out the vice news
youtube channel for more original
reporting in documentaries from around
the world I remember the first thing
that we saw was about two dozen UN
Nepalese peacekeepers frantically
clearing up this putrid smelling mess
that was leaking out of one of the
buildings on base there were people who
were pretty much dead on arrival if they
didn't have access to fresh drinking
water within about four or five hours
they were dying it took several days
before it was confirmed as cholera
