it must have been about five o'clock in
the afternoon my phone started ringing
with a news desk
the al-jazeera headquarters in the
United States frantically trying to get
hold of me because as it turned out just
a few minutes ago there'd been a massive
earthquake in Haiti I was the only
reporter who was anywhere near the
incident so they were telling me to just
get to the airport as quickly as I could
we've got the first flight that we could
get to the Dominican Republic which is
right next door to Haiti and spent the
next several hours trying to charter a
small aircraft to fly us over the border
to Haiti the runway to the airport was
apparently very badly damaged and there
were no planes landing we found one guy
who agreed to take us we paid him a
bunch of money and just basically got on
this four seater aircraft tiny little
plane he was radioing down to the ground
to see if he could get anyone at all on
the radio to say if it was safe to land
or not he couldn't contact anyone when
we landed we were the only people there
we were some of the first journalists to
actually arrive on the scene with a
little camera and a few thousand dollars
and no idea what to do next the airport
was completely destroyed that there was
a massive crack through the entire
building the control tower had collapsed
the runway itself the paving was all
cracked
we found this Haitian guy who'd been
hanging around at the airport offering
his services as a fixer and driver we
hide him on the spot and got him to
drive us into the city Haiti especially
port-au-prince is the worst possible
place where you could have an earthquake
because it's an overcrowded city it's
full of very cheaply constructed
buildings people living on top of one
another
buildings just collapsed in the space of
30 seconds
there were over 200,000 people killed
there were just rows and rows and rows
of bodies it was the worst thing I'd
ever seen
the entire city was out on the street
the bodies that people have managed to
drag from the Fallen masonry had been
laid out by the side of the road there
were people sleeping by the side of the
road this was the biggest story in the
world at that moment we were the only
team covering that story at that point
those first three days we really just
didn't sleep at all there was a lot of
anger in those first few days at the
slow pace of the response and there was
a real problem with the bottleneck of
humanitarian equipment and supplies at
the airport there were planes full of
doctors that were being turned away
unable to land at the airport and that
made people extremely angry there were
still people trapped under the rubble
but a lot of the responders were not
able to work at night because of
security considerations there is a
stereotype of Haiti being a dangerous
country Haiti being a place where you
will be at risk after dark on the
streets this was a country that had been
hit by devastating disaster this was a
time when from what Haitians told us the
country had never been more United from
what we saw on the ground there was very
little basis for a concern about
security when I arrived in Haiti I
thought I would be there for maybe a
week at the most
but I never left I was there for the
next 18 months the situation for many
months after the earthquake was really
awful there were 1 and 1/2 million
people living in tents around the
outskirts of port-au-prince in terrible
conditions very unsanitary conditions I
think it was October the 20th in the
evening when I first got a note from my
news desk that was saying there had been
an outbreak of a mystery disease in
a town about two hours north of
port-au-prince a town called San mark-19
people had been taken ill and died in a
hospital in Haiti's rural heartland when
we arrived in the hospital there were
people being carried in on beds people
being carried and on doors they were
just streams of very sick dying patients
arriving at this tiny clinic it was by
far the worst thing we'd seen since the
early days of the earthquake you know
people were throwing up there was
diarrhea on the floor it was just
horrific the hospital was so packed that
there were people being locked out they
just didn't have the capacity to treat
the numbers of patients arriving there
were people who were pretty much dead on
arrival if they didn't have access to
fresh drinking water within about four
or five hours they were dying it took
several days before it was confirmed as
cholera
it was Maties worst nightmare it was
just out of control
and it was spreading and it was
spreading very very fast the main fear
that everybody had was that if this
disease hit the capital that there would
be huge numbers of deaths within that
first week we were back in the capital
you know within the first half an hour
people were taking us from house to
house showing us sick relatives who were
lying in bed suffering from the same
symptoms the first few cases of cholera
were basically taking place in front of
us we were seeing people bringing out
their dead relatives laying them on the
street for body collectors to come and
pick up and take away to mass graves
a full-blown epidemic that had spent to
the capital we were driving around the
city listening to the local radio and
there were people calling in reporting
that there was some kind of sewage spill
that had taken place at a UN Base just
outside their town called mere Bali they
were complaining that it had something
to do with the outbreak of the disease
we drove along the side of the river
that ran through the town until we got
to this very small fenced off UN base
that was actually the staging ground for
the Nepalese contingent we knocked on
the gate to ask if we could go in they
didn't let us in the front gate blocks
off the base you can't see inside but if
you go around the side there's a kind of
chain fence and there's a small path
between the edge of the base and the
river that runs right next to the base
and that's a public path I remember the
first thing that we saw was about two
dozen un Nepalese peacekeepers
frantically clearing up this putrid
smelling mess that was leaking out of
one of the buildings base they were
digging around this boggy patch of brown
liquid that was smelled like sewage and
they were really upset that we were
there and they were telling us not to
film we could see this horrible smelling
liquid dripping from the base basically
across the path into the river what we
were seeing right there was the smoking
gun eventually one of the guys started
talking to me a little bit and I was
saying what is this building can you
tell me what this is is this a toilet
and he kind of looked back at the
building and looked back to me and just
kind of looked really guilty and
eventually he said yeah it's a toilet I
remember doing this very quick search on
my phone for cholera outbreaks in Nepal
the first article that came up was
talking about this major cholera
outbreak that had happened that summer
in the pool these guys that we've seen
clearing up this mess had freshly
arrived from Nepal a couple of weeks ago
the first time that people had started
to appear in these clinics suffering
from the illness was I think about a
week after that so we started thinking
about the timeline here
you get cholera from drinking
contaminated water and in Haiti the
sanitation infrastructure just isn't
that people get most of their water from
the local river so this was the river
that had been contaminated the arti
Bonnie River feeds an entire region it
spreads throughout the the rural
heartland of Haiti supplying all of
these towns and villages with their
water people just drink from the river
for weeks after the outbreak happened
the Haitians were still drinking from
that River I mean that is the only
source of water that many Haitians have
the first thing we did was to call the
UN and tell them what we'd seen and to
ask them to comment on it they wouldn't
we edited our footage in the car made it
into a short news report and just sent
it off to our headquarters and got the
story out and it was the first time
there had been any international
coverage of a un connection to cholera
by the time we left they basically
almost finished cleaning up this spill
so if we hadn't have been there and seen
it it might never have been known in the
end the pressure kept building it didn't
go away they had to send out a team of
their own investigators to make an
independent report about whether or not
the UN did have a connection to the
outbreak or or not when the report came
out they made headlines around the world
because the investigators said that not
only was there some basis in these
reports about a un link to the outbreak
they identified the area where the
outbreak started as being the area next
to the base a few months after that
report came out the families got
together and tried to get justice for
you know the loss of their relatives
they filed a lawsuit against the United
Nations asking for the UN to acknowledge
responsibility and to pay compensation
the UN basically stonewalled them for
over a year we had to go all the way to
UN headquarters in New York before we
were able to get any official to speak
to us on record
on the way the UN finally came out with
its response to the lawsuit their
response was to dismiss it out of hand
and basically claim immunity so my
interview with this deputy spokesperson
was really just this kind of bizarre
game of trying to ask the guy whether or
not you thought the UN was liable and
him basically reading the statement off
a piece of paper and refusing to engage
any more than that we went out of that
interview down the corridors towards the
Secretary General's Office and tried to
find officials on the way more senior
officials who could answer our questions
in the end we were banned from the UN
headquarters we were told to leave the
premises not to come back if the UN
headquarters in New York had spilled
sewage into the Hudson River and if more
than 8300 New Yorkers had got sick and
died as a consequence of that I think it
would be very difficult for the UN to
avoid acknowledging responsibility for
that but somehow they managed to do that
with Haiti
