it's Wednesday September third and
here's some of the news beyond the
headlines
Crimea's leader says the LGBT community
has no chance on the peninsula sergei
aksyonov who was installed as prime
minister after russia annexed the
territory from ukraine and March says
Crimea quote does not need such people
he added that law enforcement would be
dispatched to rallies to quickly explain
what kind of sexual orientation they
should stick to Russia passed an
anti-gay propaganda bill last year and
many rights groups claim the country's
LGBT community is severely oppressed
Slovakia opened a pipeline on Tuesday to
deliver natural gas to Ukraine
continental Europe's pipelines were
built to import gas east to west but
Moscow's decision to cut supplies to
Kiev in June prompted the European
Union's move to open up a reverse supply
route to assist the country Russia is
Europe's biggest supplier of coal and
natural gas and has suspended deliveries
to Ukraine over pricing disputes three
times over the last decade supporters of
a Shia rebel group in Yemen aren't
satisfied with the government's proposal
to end weeks of unrest on Tuesday
president Hadi dismissed his cabinet
suggested national unity government and
promised to raise the minimum wage and
cut fuel prices all in efforts to bring
an end to the standoff with Houthi
protesters but the Houthi say they won't
leave public squares until fuel
subsidies are fully reinstated president
had he responded on state television
that his patience with the group was
running thin
Mexican authorities are trying to figure
out why more than 50 tons of dead
rotting fish have been pulled out of a
lake in the western state of jalisco
over the last several days samples of
the finger sized freshwater chub have
been sent to labs for testing it's the
fourth such incident in Lake a heated
lon this year the state's Environment
Secretary has blamed poor management of
local sewage treatment plants but other
experts suggest it could be because of
low water levels check out the vice news
YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world the asia-pacific region is
incredibly important to the United
States it has been in the past it is
today and will continue to be so in the
future the Pacific is a vast and
complicated region it's got sixty
percent of the world's population fifty
percent of the world's geography and
it's rife with international conflict so
the feeling in the US military is that
we better be prepared to fight there
you
