 keep moving
amphibious assaults a major focus of
this year's RIMPAC or rim of the Pacific
the exercise involved 22 Allied nations
including the US the UK and China China
is a major driving force in the United
States renewed focus on Asia as the
rapid expansion of China's military
might has escalated tension and
territorial disputes in the area but
while the u.s. seeks to play a bigger
role in the Pacific it won't be easy
it's halfway across the globe covering
roughly 1/3 of the planet and most of
its water so the challenge is the US
military must be able to move armies
over long stretches of water and do it
fast
the Marine Corps over the last 12 years
because we've been engaged in operations
Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring
Freedom we have been engaged in a land
war that's what has been required of us
and that's what the the Marine Corps has
been able to provide for the nation but
by no means does that say that we've
gotten away from our route those routes
are an amphibious assault the Marine
Corps has been hitting the beaches for
more than 200 years from Tripoli to
Normandy and beyond but moving from sea
to land can be treacherous the first day
of Normandy in World War 2 killed almost
as many Allied soldiers as nine years of
fighting in Iraq even worse the
proliferation of cheaper and more
accurate long-range missiles forces
ships to launch amphibious operations
farther out to sea and escalates the
chance that an already risky operation
will turn into a one-sided slaughter to
pull off amphibious operations the
Marines will have to adapt to the threat
right before the start of the exercise
we managed to catch a tour on the USS
Peleliu a mothership that carries
Marines and their equipment across the
ocean and close to shore to launch an
amphibious assault
one of the things that the military is
always doing is taking existing
technologies and platforms and working
them into both new and old missions one
of the critical technologies for the
Marines as they make a pivot backed
amphibious assault is the B 22 Osprey
it's one of these aircraft that doesn't
quite know if it's a helicopter and
airplane it's actually both and it's
become a critical part of the Marine
Corps for moving troops around in
theater the Ospreys speed and range make
it ideal for targeted raids and air
assaults but to carry heavy equipment
like tanks and artillery amphibious
vehicles are still necessary so in a
couple days they're gonna launch from
this ship they're gonna open the thing
and these guys are gonna head to shore
yeah well we'll ballast the ship which
means will essentially sink the back of
the ship they'll fill up with six to
eight feet of water and these will back
up
and launched into the into the to the
well deck and out of the out of the back
of the ship and what are these things
these are basically tanks that go in the
water floating tanks especially yeah
floating tanks that that carry a bunch
of Marines correct once the exercise
begins amphibious assault vehicles or a
DS launch from the back of the ship
driving towards the beach a hybrid of
armored personnel carriers and boats a
Avs bring Marines ashore to fight but
they force them to pack light so to hold
the beach they need to land a lot of
reinforcements and do it fast before the
enemy has time to counter it the key to
doing that quickly our vessels called
connectors apart ship in part plane the
landing craft air cushion or El CAC is a
connector small enough to fit into the
well deck but powerful enough to carry a
tank from ship to shore at more than 40
miles an hour
but aging equipment and new threats mean
the Marines must explore new
technologies to adapt exotic hybrids
like the ultra heavy amphibious
connector or you hack which combines a
paddle wheel with a tractor will be able
to cover more distance with more gear
than the L pack
once on land the Marines must be able to
mobilize troops and equipment quickly in
order to move inland to complete the
assault
the Marine Corps is testing new
technologies to allow troops to move
faster and more efficiently as they
transition to land by combining advanced
robotics with more familiar means of
hauling gear like cars and pack animals
RIMPAC is the first live military trial
for the ls3 known more affectionately as
Cujo which is capable of hauling up to
400 pounds a distance of 20 miles
without having to refuel the
asia-pacific region is incredibly
important to the United States it has
been in the past it is today and will
continue to be so in the future our
country has established the rebalance
policy to bring more forces more effort
and more engagement with this very
critical region I think you will find
that the Marine Corps has been
challenged in order to have the right
force at the right place at the right
time
and things like RIMPAC 2014 gives us the
opportunity to train together to ensure
that our forces are ready for any crisis
in the future while the official line
stressed the cooperative and diplomatic
focus of RIMPAC the exercise has two
seemingly contradictory facets on one
hand it's all about diplomacy and
international cooperation yet a major
objective of the whole effort is to
showcase American military might in the
Pacific especially to check China with
the world's largest army and second
largest military budget a rising
superpower has been ramping up their
military presence in the Pacific and
flexing their muscles with a series of
hostile moves that claim ownership of
the South China Sea
inciting outrage in neighboring
countries over what is arguably the most
disputed region on earth
but in the same way that China is both
friend and foe this year China was
invited by the u.s. to participate at
RIMPAC for the first time we just landed
on the Chinese naval vessel this is the
hospital ship and the name of it is the
peace Ark and we're here to take a tour
of this hospital ship that's
participating in the RIMPAC exercises
the Chinese sailors have more cameras
than we do so big filmed as we're
filming so we're heading into the
operating room now this ship is fully
functional hospital floating hospital
what's really interesting is that it
increases China's ability to conduct
operations all throughout the Pacific
having a hospital ship means being able
to treat soldiers while still in the
midst of conflict freeing the Chinese to
deploy more war fighting assets to even
farther ranges but when we spoke with
the commander he shifted the
conversation away from the ship's
military role the peace Ark belongs to
the Chinese Navy so if we have a wartime
mission so the ship will provide medical
service for our charities but according
to the international law will maybe
we'll also provide a net medical service
to any nations but that's not a way we
that's not we hope so because we we want
we stay on peace age so we want to
spread our conception of pea
hominis or hummus ocean to the whole
world one of the things that you notice
when you walk around the ship is that
the signs are both in Chinese in English
a lot of the Chinese sailors are wearing
what you call friendship pins I guess
that have an American flag and a Chinese
flag and that's really emblematic of the
relationship between the US and China
it's complicated where both have to work
together by necessities but we're also a
rival in this region though China seemed
to be playing nice at RIMPAC on behalf
of my colleagues I show my respect the
surprise appearance of an uninvited
Chinese spy ship reminded everyone of
China's growing military ambition and
that tensions in the Pacific are alive
and well so as our nation rebalances to
asia-pacific one of the things that does
not change is the tyranny of distance
the Pacific Ocean is no smaller but
capabilities both ours our friends and
our partners and also potential
adversaries have forced us to do things
to in order to address those challenges
as the Marines tackle the question of
amphibious landing the evolution of new
equipment and tactics is crucial the
success of amphibious operations will
not only be a measure of us power in the
Pacific but the Marines ability to
remain a relevant fighting force in the
future of modern warfare
look in the eye right now when I see
your lawyers I see that the procedure
code is alive and well in the capital's
lawyer
the day is coming be ready for that
fight will stand together to defeat any
foe the Pacific is a vast and
complicated region
it's got sixty percent of the world's
population fifty percent of the world's
geography and it's rife with
international conflict so the feeling in
the US military is that we better be
prepared to fight there
