all right yeah let's get up
we're in the Leninsky district of
donetsk which is the capital of the
pro-russian Donetsk People's Republic
for the past three weeks the Ukrainian
army of slowly encircled the city has
been tit for tat shelling from both
sides which often results in civilian
homes been damaged and people getting
killed here are polluting a visa chief
otra vez que nos espera mara porta
prelate EOC das Marriott an after Roma
Toshiba Mussina Podesta trio cleared of
domion nikiro metastable Argentina's MA
- Teresa's Riva Moschino emeritus
college negra Nene safely put a machine
washable og Hiroshi my bro stop shortest
Papo CHEO high house is your doll my god
with me do visit aerodrome stinky
dostala' don't scare people
I mean just basically cut the house a
huge hole out of the corner of the
building and it's set it all on fire
well at least this portion of the house
it's an incredible amount damage and the
people that survived this blast very
very lucky miss Jason you got here need
the air nickel whoa
paruparu caucus night ECD otto not
larger capri acaba pre-colonization
motor vehicle code cojones official -
yattaman and will the attacks these
shelling attacks will they make you
think about leaving the city or will you
stay here yet my dome we'd only bruised
him we'd be in the past Lady Nemo one
person was killed here when the shell
landed on the house um he's a really
really lethal the assumption is that
this was fired by the Ukrainian military
though from here you can oversee tell
completely
Amy Oh to see Jim so heinous West
Virginia caliber it's a Yanukovych
bazaar it's a prison rasuluhu year as a
husband bill Nishi mischievous heart
Namib is dome name acutally amici it was
Jima do mightor that person Coppola yep
you were somehow Cebu me Abu Muhammad
Epsom I was the three that is Justin
Warren Chaney and she does attack Oh
Angela live notebook why do you thank
the Ukrainians of bombing this district
you knew your home hidden air of techie
techie Banda Jyothi ki baat rapid Niki
machine is now using the name village
Camuto a and silly ideas Xenia
Nocona cetera stop anguish what Putin
oppressively Putin s of missiles of the
she shall escape - aunt I'm not a
communist assured the war now has come
to the suburbs of Donetsk leaving a lot
of civilians caught in the crossfire
so before the war the population the
city was around a million people and now
they think almost half the populations
fled and it's very very quiet and
there's some people are checking out
destroyed Ukrainian government equipment
here but other than that with the
shelling going on most people only
coming out for food and to go to work if
they still have a job
so yesterday was Independence Day in
Ukraine in Kiev the government showed
off their military hardware and Dynex
the capital of the pro-russian Donetsk
People's Republic they should of the
Ukrainian POWs that they captured over
the past couple of months of fighting
they also then brought some of the
hardware that they've destroyed in
fighting with Ukrainians down to lenin
square and put it on show some of the
vehicles have got swastikas drawn on
them because they believe that the
Ukrainians that are fighting the dnr
here are fascists we had some kind of
bit of a grim spectacle really British
lips topaz materially Kuwaiti okay and
you push leo do what agility logic
material response can easily and what
were you doing before the war the
original pristine real Omar
yeah another incident was a poster near
another producer visitor ahuru you know
a wise and you purchased the solution
plan of story macadam is this day alia -
alia swore through donbot suzumura
polish game is the winter weight amor
the official ashes resume so like a year
ago you could never imagine that
something like this would happen - don't
ask anymore pants - - ok so - a
statistical procedure today yo-yo is
taken by war Iranian missile comes out
at mr. Alvarado Street food a petition
for inequitable DJ on Monday the
pro-russian forces of the Donetsk
People's Republic along with the column
of tanks and artillery
crossed over the border from Russia but
was stopped after skirmish with
Ukrainian forces outside the town and
Nava sauce with rumors of Russian
involvement in this new rebel offensive
we drove down from Donetsk to see for
ourselves
at the moment it's fairly quiet though
there is a big plume of smoke here that
the locals are saying was results from
shelling on some Ukrainian army
positions we're trying to head there now
so further further to our East
we can now hear exchanges of fire well
sounds like machine-gun fire and this is
the position that were shelled about
half an hour ago okay Greece was through
white on so troth let me just go over
were you in a mood to the water but why
exceed you met another man
choo Amaya down on preliminary search we
detune doosron prayer turtle Padua ready
to
madanguka
what Anita Carly's here Oona's Paul
Needham edition so what could that
appear in the period I should be Hasani
more wood from Ikea John appreciate a
geeky Germany Nam care to keep in the
styling
so this is the infection department of
the hospital another zaask a shell
landed and hit this tree behind me and
spraying that thought the front of the
building was shrapnel there's some blood
on the floor here and all the windows
are out that the roof is damaged the
doors have been blown off four people
were wounded
it's a real mess up the front of here
after leaving the hospital we headed to
a nearby
granion army checkpoint to find out more
about the new rebel offensive in the
area okay Andrey can you tell us what
happened yesterday when the pro-russian
forces advanced very dim of sterilely
is initially Poland's estaba rodham
Avani as initially Provenza Stowell not
sure I know was all school Sabula people
who talk of library were Pro hood at
least busy lives see how it was put and
Tonchi do tzavilik Achilles chemicals
bro you drunken subpoena Yad and how did
how did the Ukrainian army yesterday
hold this column that was was coming
from Russia
it would be just love you I see you've
only to remember the money upstairs so
they're gonna try and surround this town
right now - enugu side muscles
adjustable a robo special a mas new
booty pass evening American tea lemon
for me to store some melaka to reduce
bid money of some over linka
Selenia
nothing
top of the world is real you would yo
Jason people always call destroy mr. Lu
but things common novice ask we left the
area only to hear shortly afterwards
more shelling had forced the Ukrainian
army out of the town we headed back only
to be stopped at the village of busy
minute by volunteer fighters of the
pro-ukrainian to knit pro battalion
Ramon can you tell me what's going on
right here at the moment
many national novices given a surely it
is climate a national Brasilia
territorial crackdown what William when
you push a press really the quadrat any
national Tobruk watered but instead Papa
become Nocona which for any snw dead
telephone Ahmed when us this approaches
of Moesha Moesha cutlery if you bully
miniatures Germani ratio of sebab Grozny
vision the Moscow efficient issue an
issue root circle gotta rush lost a
liter do you guys think that if you
weren't facing heavy artillery that you
could take on the dnr Tomeo dinner at
the rescue is co not on comes across on
a parachute II walk across ke not its
own sphere cool oh yes mass public
initiative Rose kefenhiller training mr.
snow puta sucia toe the Dannette pro
fight is recommended that we didn't try
to return to Nova sauce that evening
claiming the pro-russian forces were
shelling the road
so we just passed through the village of
Ximena which is about five kilometers
from Nava zaask last night it was as far
as we could get because the Ukrainians
in the afternoon had been pushed out
because of the shelling so we're going
to see if the Ukrainians are in fact now
in control of it again all right let's
get up yeah yeah there look there the
church so we're currently on top of the
local administration building some some
people in the town were warned by a
supposed to be our commander that the
town would be shelled between 10:00 and
12:00 it's currently 11 o'clock so they
weren't lying they also said that they
might enter the town itself so far we've
heard no return fire from the Ukrainians
at the moment they're shelling the road
that heads east towards the Russian
border
at positions where Ukrainian military
were yesterday but not today and there
are civilian homes in that areas there's
a possibility that those homes have been
hit so we're going to head out now
the shelling having stopped to check out
some the damage if it's safe
so this is apparently where the National
Guard were stationed on the edge of the
neva zaask that there's possibility that
obviously this place could be shelled
again but the National Guard have fled
which is the whole point of the shelling
we haven't seen any Ukrainian military
in the town for the past half an hour 45
minutes the shelling is set fire to some
of the dry grass on the bank here and
they've obviously scored a number of
direct hits on this building apparently
tear a bread factory floor a wall
through a little are you hoping that the
Ukrainian military come back to this
town to secure it again using local
mobile - it was overdosed on what
posision 13 win was a shuttle not just a
song which is look the politicians get
up some open push red police again with
the possibility of more shelling we left
novice asked in search of the Ukrainian
forces who are now stationed on the road
outside of the town
and could you tell me come here what
happened this morning in another lost
booze even from food bloggers Atomos
Tuesday agneta Subaru Xenia membrillo
solitariness no not neutral original
it's not a Masters of Darkness II
wouldn't even be really good at nozzles
don't get ship of tomaten but you've
grown up in a motto on Independence Day
in Kiev there are a lot of military
vehicles on parade do you feel a bit let
down that that sort of heavy material
that you need isn't being sent down to
this area
let that be done no necklace cousin but
she move but Shimon bleep attraction
says some added Peres fashion which is
sustainable pushing issue de esto no
pros know a little
we can leave at a mania virtue of chill
problema good girls dance Kevin a
passage a suti girls dance governor e
blues issue why not a bearded anna-marie
see you at me with ym symmetric o'clock
you sure we're in pretty checked out of
key my sensor eutrophic nipple chase
have you been ordered to try and take
back mothers off school you're just
going to kind of stay here and try and
hold the road butum smotret a - el
calvario virgin awoke pass motive motion
energy hookah bonus
later that day the pro-russian forces
with tanks entered the town and dug
themselves in the next day we returned
to presume anew to see what remained of
the Ukrainian military presence around
lovers us we were in dire need of heavy
renovations the discouraged present for
from Russia what orders have you been
given today we've been told to hold this
village we must strive to stop
Russian tanks in this line and if you
got the weapons to do that actually I
don't think so we try to go out children
from Navajos but the Russian soldiers
shooting in there
they were trying to evacuate children
from mothers lost but as they approached
the town they came under fire from the
pro-russian forces and they've been
forced to turn back this is effectively
the very front line of this new war
between the Ukrainians and the
pro-russian forces
