it's Tuesday September second and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
the worst affected country in the
growing Ebola outbreak is taking
extensive measures to try to prevent the
virus from spreading further Liberian
President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf has
extended in order for all non-essential
government employees to stay home for
another month and she's promised they'll
continue to get paid schools will also
remain closed in hopes that keeping
large groups of people from gathering
will contain the disease the outbreak
has killed more than 1,500 people across
West Africa and health experts warned it
could take six months to bring it under
control police officers in Ferguson
Missouri have started using body cameras
three weeks after a cop fatally shot an
unarmed teenager the death of Michael
Brown was followed by weeks of tense and
often violent protests and conflicting
accounts of what happened during the
confrontation to private security firms
donated the cameras which run about
three hundred dollars of peace and are
used by hundreds of us police
departments to record interactions with
suspects the former iranian vice
president is in trouble with the law but
authorities haven't been forthcoming as
to why state media says the mohammad
reza rahimi who served under former
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was fined
and sentenced to prison time but that
charges against him were not finalized
reports of Raheem ease indictment on
corruption charges surfaced in March but
with no other details political
opponents had accused him of involvement
in a major government embezzlement
scheme four years ago a slimy critter
found off the coast of Australia may
offer a glimmer of hope in treating a
common virus scientists have discovered
antiviral properties in the blue blood
of the Tasmanian abalone that they want
to develop into a treatment for herpes
which causes cold sores on the lips and
face and can cause painful lesions on
the genitals most herpes medications
only treat the symptoms but the protein
derived from this sea snail is believed
to have qualities that virologists are
can prevent or reduce recurrence and
quick in the healing of sores check out
the vice news YouTube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world
alhamdulillah the human centipede again
a day here on gilligan's good
you
