we're just arriving in Kirkuk it's the
city that technically belongs to Iraqi
central government but the Kurds took
over as soon as ice is pushed into the
rest northwestern Iraq
this is provided between Kurds and Arabs
the frontline between Isis and the
Kurdish forces here it's very
complicated divider says it
the PKK base was in a cockeyed village
outside Kirkuk belonging to a Kurdish
religious minority who felt threatened
by the Islamic state fighters bahama
schewe jiggly heavily Sam la com√©die
Ellen Futter she taught me here doneghy
to City Oregon occasional illegal anna
tsuchiya now a little chill to sadhana
week ah - ah c'mon c'mon
most analogous bulgogi left from
genocide obviously to the standard
attitude and a second of vampirism
it's a dynasty to analytical little
villages around here are Arab villages
in times these guys Arabs basic needs
Isis Isis control those villages you
know I must say it bit it is turning
internet that conflicts here thank you
where you from thank you buddy Chris in
Turkey Turkish Kurdistan you to join us
on equal son but could it could the son
what what are you doing here in Iraq huh
better it create babies it is my buddy
get started Delia my habit I mean
personally I'm Jessica getting very icky
I'm not living and live a partisan
according to the US government both the
PKK in the Islamic state are terrorist
groups that the PKK success and fighting
the Islamic state is causing some
American policymakers to call for the
lifting of sanctions against them we're
spending some time the PKK who are
fighting Isis here in Iraq they've come
in from Turkey but the American
government refuses to arm them because
they consider them to be terrorists
because the fighting turkey but part of
our escort is an American be with we're
just arriving the main PKK base outside
Kirkuk and just beyond that any few
meters in horizon you can see Isis flags
and Isis checkpoint
this arrives here I meet a kid he's the
main PKK commander in this area
hello each other many people here in
Iraq say that the the guerrilla forces
the PKK the YPG are the most effective
fighting force in Iraq against Isis
why do you think that is then you put a
little bit of that in here any put off
Saladin that's K - Lea like to sit this
is a very mixed area of Iraq how is the
relationship between your forces and the
local Sunni Arabs and the local token
Emma took managed rifleman alone I
reduce soonish may wanna charge waveform
on is running a later Caucasia
a few years even a longish maybe for
Malaysia
Danny do you practical showed up let's
say I'm just open environment in the key
Democratic you know Parrish her Kasich a
cutter the unified Bolshevik way Johnny
Kane ago - Shaka Sunni decline ominous
we were
a gig took us to the frontlines a few
hundred meters away for an uneasy truce
it's currently holding between the PKK
and the Islamic state
we're heading to a front-line position
very very close to Isis positions of the
PKK escort this is the border with the
Islamic state essentially and this side
of the border is either Iraq or
Kurdistan depending on who you ask and
that will be a source of contention in
the future
Oh Millie de que la vie dodge degree
sooner ever also been rocking wanna I
know me wanted you mr. Shelly Hogeboom
feelin speed Kadena no food no shelter
now what of them a bitch to be
neighborly
oh adverse scenario and qgo plan to
be singari wanna have better hanji jay
baer opt likova million family he does
call help
which section alcaraz you need yes right
Co cost acacia also hurt the higher
decision Gunda Hamura is that the fuel
now and is it I see there is that a
Sunni Arab finish Nina have you I just
need it soon you know I have been
singing you are better work ethic at how
please do it fear huh analytical use
open it here yes your screen another
like you to do this is the board of the
Islamic state and this section that the
border is being defended by Kurds in
Turkey any of the Isis fighters in that
side of the river have come from all
over the Arab world from Europe maybe
it's Wars dragging in fighters from
across the region from outside isn't
gonna finish anytime soon
