Americans spent three point three
trillion dollars on health care in 2016
and ten years later they'll be spending
five point seven trillion according to
estimates that's partly because of a
complex behind-the-scenes network of
administrators and insurers who set
costs if there's an upside it's that
it's created a whole new career field
patient advocates whose job it is to
help people navigate the badly tangled
American healthcare system
Karen Vogel used to work in insurance
she was a strategic Account Executive
and helped companies keep their
healthcare costs down but two years ago
she quit to help individual patients
navigate the health care system I
represented the bottom line of the
company I was working for and I decided
I would rather use my powers for good
than evil I was unable to validate this
information I always tell people you can
be the smartest person in the world but
when you enter the healthcare system and
you are sucked into a vortex you need
help
patient advocates can be a very
effective tool to get to answers very
quickly hi Jennifer my name is Karen
Vogel I'm a patient advocate and I'm
calling on behalf of member Laura Riley
usually when I talk to people in the
insurance world they are relieved
because I'm not gonna cry I'm not gonna
sue them and I'm typically talking with
people that are banging their heads
against the wall - I just need to speak
to someone who's handling Appeals there
is so much paperwork in health care its
medical documentation systems that don't
talk to each other
it's the need for claims processing
it's the attempts of different doctors
to talk to each other in their own
language about one-quarter of what I
deal with her simple errors things that
were done wrong or handled wrong they're
easy to fix thank you bye bye I do
manage to get people most of what
they're seeking at times that can be a
few thousand dollars other times that
can be forty or fifty thousand dollars
once you hit your out-of-pocket maximum
then you don't have to worry about bills
and you don't have to track it as much
I'll still be tracking things to make
sure there's no surprises okay Laura
Raleigh is one of Karen's clients
she has an aggressive form of brain
cancer before there were binders there
were piles all over the floor and I
would come over and kick the piles and
say no no no we have to put this in a
binder there's a big section in here on
insurance and it's not just medical
insurance it's disability it includes
past doctor visits there's a section on
all the contact names that Laura needs
to have my personal advocate folder just
for 2018 little messy right now here's a
bucket of pills these are supplements
here's the binder from the homecare
agency and they come visit and help out
with tasks around the house so that's
right yep there's so many moving parts
karen has been so helpful and telling me
about certain things that I didn't know
about and being able to find out there's
so much out there that you have to think
about all the time she's pretty much
done everything unfortunately our
American healthcare system is so
fragmented and it's a business and it's
about money it has created an
opportunity for advocates which in a
perfect world wouldn't exist
the demand for help navigating the world
of healthcare is growing when the
alliance of professional health
advocates was founded in 2009 it had
around 30 members since then more than
600 have joined there have been
conferences over time when people were
able to get together but none of them
have ever focused strictly on networking
so I applaud you for being at the very
first one we've ever had
advocates typically bill hourly anywhere
from 75 to $400 an hour
they aren't reimbursed by insurance
companies but they say that keeps their
allegiance to the patient many are in
their second career leveraging their
prior expertise as physicians or nurses
where some like Karen Vogel focus on
dealing with bureaucracy others help
patients make sense of a complex
diagnosis track down a specialized care
or intervene during life-threatening
situations I was almost dead because the
doctors didn't know how to treat me
Robert was walking upstairs and he
couldn't make it fell back down the
stairs all they knew how to do was throw
medication at it and I was up to a
thousand tell someone Robert Doyle was
born with a genetic bone disorder that
causes painful growths on his joints
he's gone through nearly a dozen
surgeries we trusted the doctors and it
wasn't working I would spend hours and
hours and hours dealing with the
insurance company and and we wouldn't
you wouldn't get anywhere it was just
really kind of left up to me last year
Roberts mom Mary Murphy searched online
for a patient advocate and found
anne-marie McIlwain patient advocators
Henry speaking in Murray specializes in
coordinating complex care and took
Robert on as a client
they work together remotely I thought we
would would start with an update on how
you're doing since the big difference
from the last time you saw dr. cow and
today is that you've done TMS yes that
is that is gone amazingly well and I
have you to thank for that thank you
she went into these hospitals into the
databases and looked for the right
doctor for me you know not a doctor that
was gonna go straight to surgery and cut
things out and so dr. cow basically took
over all of my care
when I go into an appointment we
immediately call anne-marie hi Robert
and she's on the phone right when the
appointment starts hi dr. Kyle thanks
again for having me so we'd like to talk
about his medication regimen as you know
dr. cow he's been working with you to
taper off of it I think that makes a lot
of sense I think most people don't even
consider a patient advocate because they
think they think about the cost that was
a big thing for me can can we we as a
family afford this but when you look at
the part where his medical care was
costing so much every month we didn't
have an option if this person was in our
life at the beginning we we definitely
wouldn't have gone down some of the dark
places that you know I've been through
you
