we're here at the presidential
administration in Kiev we're waiting for
president poroshenko of Ukraine to meet
the German Chancellor Angela Merkel the
Germans have a lot to lose in
instability in Eastern Europe that's
happening in Ukraine because they're
Russia's biggest trading partner and
Russia is one of their biggest trading
partners so the Germans are very
interested in seeing this conflict come
to a close and that's what Merkel the
Chancellor is here about
import records again cheating her not
mix the party and thought directly
instituted against acceptance won't all
sorry that our equation from seeing but
become and belongs to audience often
burst at the park
the annex one that killed the technicals
this was let's hope the territorial
insecurity in our cottage when Jesus two
key problems are cathedrals the London
Docks occupied City Commission on the
coastal climate
pandita's three years of appear to lunch
- good morrow suspicious mm earrings in
prema Dober he stopped that the specific
one terminal is no semi-attached -
separately past releases grow especially
territory the Amazonas a demon the
national national nationalism everywhere
spanakopita woman the imaginary with me
for the new school
so the German Chancellor promised to
trains 500 million euros in
reconstruction money but it's really too
early to be talking about rebuilding the
east of Ukraine which has been
devastated by this war because the war
isn't actually over yet so the next big
thing to happen are going to be these
negotiations in Minsk on Tuesday where
poroshenko and Vladimir Putin the
Russian president are going to meet and
they're going to try to hash something
out but what's important is that Germany
says that the territorial integrity of
Ukraine is German government policy
which means she claims to say that she's
not pushing poroshenko to try to give up
Crimea which was annexed by Russia in
order to have a deal
we are at the Independence Day Parade
Ukraine has decided to market this year
for the military parade slightly
controversial because a it looks like a
victory parade and be this equipment is
badly needed at the front
for what
these are some of the fighters from the
volunteer battalions that are also out
in the East they're saying though that
the government wouldn't let them
participate in the parade today they're
actually angry that the parade took
place because they say that when they're
out there fighting they don't ever have
any of that machinery that was on show
and they'd like to have that backing
them up where they are human rights are
atoms to form the t'lani new division
Hiroshi pure genius to Aqaba Mishima
Germans in the straightaways energetic
waste
ciske kumazawa
bhavananda Creek eruption plans resist
him a passport up as a mascot is called
the mat inertia quadratic the master
yeah there we go it is plainly Mira
system is Kiki as my mu yeah personally
me in your puppet over
who are you lieutenant Alonzo does not
issue nothing else at the bottom is a
Patania
nobody out no connector ossicles
yennefer we used to us cause that that
may have mutual
my brother was Pope Damasus oh so good
Yoho in Volume II truly a was - was
palpable
- Vince Kaiser should be a number of
scratches - I'm a wuss
I will john-boy interesting
we had amazing people tornado avid
opportunist Roberto my mousakas allergy
are the most busy summer vacation don't
you wanna marry drama to her enemies
but the gamble
not the kids we're but keep them visible
in the meantime in Donetsk pro-russia
separatists mocked Ukraine's
independence day celebrations they put
on a display of what they claimed was
Ukrainian military hardware they
destroyed and then they marched dozens
of captured Ukrainian soldiers with
their hands tied behind their backs
through the streets of the
self-proclaimed capital the soldiers
were forced to a gauntlet of jeering
onlookers members of the crowd threw
trash at them
then water trucks were sent after the
prisoners of war to clean the streets
that they had walked on Human Rights
Watch said the parade was a violation of
the laws of war and amounted to
humiliating and degrading treatment
with this atmosphere of hate hanging
over the conflict it's no surprise that
poroshenko's much-anticipated meeting
with Putin in Belarus didn't end with an
agreement and unfortunately this war is
to be continued
