Aikido a Quemado / roberto cavalli omoi
chancho muerto por que la ciudad try a
toga la basura ki Antos mo k mod okay
mark a mark a Marv a surah para que la
gente puede vivir con un poquito digamos
en un ambiente mocha dick no I hear me
in the last two years homicides and
violent crime related to the local drug
trade spiked in the city of Rosario
reaching unprecedented levels los monos
the main gang in Rosario consolidated
power and sparked a narco turf war after
the death of its principal operator and
Pajaro Quintero which resulted in state
prosecutors investigating the network
that the Mafia had developed across the
city we visited Guillermo Campanini the
main prosecutor in the case against the
can't arrows a unit to control this ilk
a determiner KC AG and total losses
enemy into producing evidence fiona's
yes a la mesilla okc produce a the you
know Lucas is a dist organization the
romanov Monell case is Amaya ACN the
collegial alpaca can t l Parker usted
clearly had an impact on the underground
power networks in the vs of Rosario a
mural was erected in the gang leaders
memory right in his old neighborhood
Anita G is Claudia Pajaro Quintero a
kolobok anti-reform were told when you
imagine a new military say a key una
cuenta quadrants for otro grupo de kcq
Turan territory oh it's a morale que
esta movin vodka
y una manera que hace el barrio a
Claudia Pajaro Quintero the color a la
casa por ejemplo para ella dej√≥ de otra
water que podemos
some Casa de laurentiis de la mothe the
killing of Claudio Quintero led to a
series of revenge killings for other
hits were carried out including an
attack against the owner of the club
where Alvaro was shot state prosecutors
fail to catch Arielle Quintero the
leader of the gang
prosecutors had one other source of
information about los monos and yes it
has to do with football Rosario has two
local teams with rabid fan bases Fusaro
central and newell's old boys each have
their own official fan club or Barra
Brava as they're called here the Barra
Brava of Rosario central recently hung a
banner in its Stadium honoring the
deceased Pajaro Quintero
but the candido's have always been more
linked with newell's old boys para
bravas have a very bad rep in Argentina
despite the government's efforts to rein
into violence and criminality associated
with the fan groups the rank-and-file
members are mostly regular guys from the
bottles of asatyam
the leaders though have been implicated
in a variety of serious crimes including
the illegal trading of players Medina in
police uniform in the Dell food world
por que otra vez el encargado de
blanqueo de dinero puta mente cincuenta
procesado en la causa una persona que se
Radhika half a lot commercialization the
whoever is a football attacking the
concrete demented in at Veneto a being
cool as Fiona's call Lavigne amminadab
ara Brava in full voice members of the
support group have been known to kill
one another in the struggle for
leadership one of the most recent
leaders is being prosecuted for shooting
down and killing his predecessor and
guess who his lawyer is that's right our
friend Carlos Varela and then you
already won in service in
mikono sido in China do Choa detenido
Tarso pasado de Aviram where a al
interior representante available our
geara doga mean aliens the leaders of
Barra bravas in Argentina are so
entrenched in society so powerful in
their community that some are not only
linked to local mafia groups but also to
politicians and union leaders everyone
keeps assuring us that no one is gonna
 with our equipment there with our
ships
the new support group has many nicknames
but the most common one is the lepers
Argentina no longer allows the sale of
alcohol inside football stadiums but
pretty much everyone was smoking weed
inside the section of the stadium with a
BA daba daba routes on
the end at this match newell's old boys
all of this creates an unusual scenario
in the city in which lines are blurred
between professional sports hooliganism
and organized crime many of the members
of the Barra bravas live in the villas
which is the population most susceptible
to crime we visited sister Maria Pradhan
a nonworking in VR known as Anfal
Marineros helping out people in their
daily lives in an area that the
government
many people living in these slums are
migrants from other provinces or from
neighboring countries the lack of
opportunity makes many of the young
people here easy recruits for the month
the hood is dangerous idea la vela
wrapped under the name the prophecy
Avila was an aspiring MC and Rosario
trying to better himself but in February
the 20 year old was gunned down on the
sidewalk outside of his house
Avila would rap about the challenges of
life in the V giant Asadullah he decried
the presence of a bunker directly across
the street from his house and in a way
he might have prophesized his own death
cervical observatorio locusts every we
know Chico you would know a trivial
Okayama theorem seek aerial overall
it's not clear why he was attacked but
obelisk ilene reflects the general
breakdown happening in Rosario's
marginalized neighborhoods en menos de
Cinco minutos Anasuya oh sorry
investor-owned Tremmel efectivo lo cual
jenner own effect Oh sorpresa muy
importante en este lament a generator
lugar en Oh Bettina falsifier Alyssa
Karen NL what it looks like Gaza and
 I mean it's like pretty sad that it
gets to this point you know
