instead of get answers we're getting
sighted people are still getting hurt by
the police look at this this is crazy
Oh sniffing are they waiting they
waiting to do this
we're in the middle of Ferguson which
during the day is a very peaceful nice
suburban neighborhood quite a contrast
from what we've seen here overnight when
police are out in riot gear
we're gonna meet Samantha who's a girl
from this area who was out protesting
the other night and she was hit pretty
badly when police were firing teargas
this first shot fired in my abdomen and
I ran down the you know like clenching
my stomach and I turned around a run and
I felt the second shot and my knee and I
just was thinking like it's time to go
like it's getting out of hand
it was right here like I mean they kept
drawing their guns so every time like we
were you know moving back a little but
it all pretty much started right here
was about three military trucks from
that light to this bus stop and we were
all her standing at the bus stop walking
from down West Florissant and we all
just kill her and they kept telling us
to you know disperse and keep walking or
we were subject to arrest
they never said we will be fired upon it
was a crowd out here that night and
shots were fired somewhere back here in
the subdivision or in that apartment
complex and that gave them reason to
start to fire upon the citizens and I
got hit with a I'm suing they asked who
was it city county this safety put shop
already is just crazy waiting they
waiting to do this why do you think
responding I mean we mess in a lot of I
guess they're beefing up the police to
be more like military I don't know why I
guess to keep us safe they say I've been
feeling intimidated all weeks like they
want to push us around and say how they
think we should protest and honestly it
seems like since 9/11 everything has
been about safety the government has
taken the you know just the basic rights
of people under the term safety like
where do we all have to lose to be safe
barring stun grenades at them they're
still out every night it's like the
bottom line like people are just really
fed up and I guess with the Mike Brown
situation that was enough for everybody
to come together enough to do what we
did to get it to a national attention
like it has because it's horrible where
the tragedy was I mean I honestly
believe that it would have just gone
like another story somebody being killed
by the cops and we would have made an
uproar as such then we wouldn't get the
attention that we're getting to me is
not about a race thing like it could
have been Asian guy like it's a equal
thing like you know make I feel like
every time I watch them in the first
word our here is race or black or white
and it's like when they talk about
Michael Brown it's like the black kid
that got killed by the white cop and
then why can't it just be the the kid
that got killed by the cops like why
does it have to be a label and put boxes
on everything still smells like
gunpowder actually the holes were made
right yeah uh I believe twice and uh
maybe once and once in my leg so three
there's this one and this one down here
and that's why that's how close he was
because you can see the indentations
from the tear gas that was of a bad
night to be out here but I said people
aren't gonna stop coming like if this
what we have to endure to get piecing
and answers that's all we really want
stead of getting answers we're getting
started people are still getting hurt by
the police it shouldn't take all of this
to you know get down to the truth well
we're on the other side of this fence
here you can see everything that goes on
back that way
you've been out every night kind of
looking at what's happening on the
streets pretty much pretty much what
does it feel like I mean you just moved
to this new house and almost on your new
middle good stuff it's disheartening to
see all the you see all the chaos and
everything else going on I understand
how two people feel it's unfortunate
that you have other people that take
advantage of the situation to advance
their own agenda and and to cause
problems but the people still trying to
get their point across and still trying
to make their voices heard
they just have to find a happy medium on
how to deal
would you think the community is gonna
be changed in any way but all that
happened there's liable to be some
change don't know for sure and
unfortunately we won't know what takes
place and how this affects everybody and
everything until after it's all played
out
