it's not fair so the kids took the
children out here we're seeing things
that we don't need to be seen it's
making us scared this thing that's going
around like all this negative energy
that's going around and our community is
really affecting our kids and that's as
well my favorite candy was that quick
check
I like it real TV so we're just driving
down the road and we saw a bunch of kids
playing outside and they got really
really excited about being on camera we
learned that they're not in school
because school was supposed to start on
Monday but because of all the problems
here in Ferguson they've they've had a
bit of an extension on they're
celebrating all right we got six day
stop all right
that listen just did some really good
ice cream and Kayla call me feeling with
me hello Mandy under here as I was
saying this Michael Brown stuff has just
gotten out of hand you running kayla was
doing some of the process I just don't
understand why they're a do lot of this
looting they did the looting they proved
it they proved that they are mad but
they don't have to do all of this this
is just crazy now our parents are scared
for us to even come outside
quit chill is my one of the best gas
stations I've ever met my favorite candy
was that quick chip do they write that
down fully we go back to school I'm
going to the first grade
everybody say your grades right now
first bird next I mean Finn's misko I
mean
I'm thinking I'm gonna say these people
are are pretty weird because family
dollars my favorite guessing family
dollars my favorite shot and they built
into it I don't want this to happen this
thing that's going around like all this
negative energy that's going around in
our community is really affecting our
kids and this is where all these
nonsense that's going on
the police need to take responsibility
it was you guys as that little boy
came to my job and he was not a bad
person at all and I couldn't really say
he was not a bad person and for you
gotta sit here and do this mayhem make
me all this chaos because of what's
going on in our community it's silly
it's silly to me guys shouldn't have to
to lay a 18 year old boy danboy one
doing nothing so in a sports school what
do you really do how can we protect our
kids from these criminals and all this
one justice stuff that's going on how
are we supposed to coddle police who are
we supposed to call when we want to
protect our kids then twist it to fit
truth it
why do you think people are so angry
because they won't the police won't give
them the information that they need like
they didn't let the police is main that
killed Michael out until eight later and
they just do things that's ignorant
wait they go wait if you watch the news
they go until the crowd you just makes
them angry and they point the guns at
I'm like what are you doing that for
so you went out everyday or you went out
just at the beginning
I just went out one time cuz it gets
dangerous because they felt tear gas and
it hurts people like we can smell the
tear gas from all the way over here how
was the police responding to people
they're not responding they're not
letting them say anything
and they're do being disrespectful to
the people that live over here people
just want to be heard they want to talk
about the situation and nobody gives
them the support to do this you can't
get mad at us because we're protesting
they try to make and trying to make you
feel the were feeling they understand
what's happening they don't understand
what they're doing to us and it's not
fair so the kids to the children out
here because we because we're seeing
what's happening in this generation
we're seeing things that we don't need
to be seen like it's making us scared
I'm like really scared because she she
doesn't understand anything about the
situation and I'm always watching her
and I'm always watching her around the
kids around here and I just feel I just
feel like that I'm not who don't do it
enough to protect her because the police
are just riding around just looking at
us like we're doing something wrong and
I feel and I feel that that's not right
because there's children around here and
they can't they can't be seeing that in
this generation it needs to stop like
quickly I love this town and I hope it
be really good because this town is a
good time to work if the police give us
justice we this never should I do charge
that do this we will be alright if they
just if they if these Polly stop
treating those black people like we're
pieces of crap maybe I said he's the
crap
now maybe maybe this whole world
wouldn't be like this right now I mean
this we're doing this crisis because we
want freedom
