it's Friday or good 22nd and his some of
the new beyond the headlines la one
modern the militant group that calls
itself the Islamic state says it's had
success in promoting its religious
agenda in Iraq is previously known as
Isis posted this video claiming to show
hundreds of years v's converting to
Islam the Sunni militants consider
members of the Yazidi ethnic community
devil worshippers thousands fled the
northern town of Sinjar three weeks ago
fearing they were faced death upon the
group's arrival several reports of mass
executions and enslavement of Yazidis
have emerged since is began over running
their communities China's government
believes villagers can fight terrorism
in the rest of Xinjiang region with an
inexpensive but priceless weapon
Communist Party officials are advising
residents to wage mental attacks by
using angry stares to intimidate
assailants Shin Jang has been the site
of increasing violence which the
government has blamed on the region's
Uighur Muslims state media has
publicized so-called anti-terror drills
and published lists of approved weapons
to repel attacks which include
pitchforks wooden spades and clubs
Thailand's military leader has been
chosen as Prime Minister by the
Parliament he hand-picked last month
Army General Prayuth chan-ocha secured a
landslide win in a vote he was the only
contender for the general led a
bloodless coup in late May after the
ouster of Prime Minister Yingluck
Shinawatra 60 year old leader is due to
retire from his army post in September
critics say his appointment seal as the
hunters grip on power and gives him free
rein to pass political reforms on his
own terms
russia's consumer safety watchdog says
it will drop in on McDonald's
restaurants unannounced after it shut
down four branches in Moscow citing
sanitary violations the fast-food giant
says it is investigating the claims it
might be the latest victim in Russia's
retaliation for Western sanctions
imposed over its role in the Ukraine
conflict analysts say food inspectors
have been used as tools of foreign
policy in the past and it doesn't end
with the big mac politicians are
reportedly requesting checks and other
American fast food chains including
burger king and KFC check out the vice
news youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentary leche ho
degree noah ystala muscle lysergic me
dodge harchi cristiana halat wha
hartwell aryl anomala Connie Emma kuwata
agua de fala American the polymer over
at it again
