enjoy if that was what I stole a special
AVX roof it a toy three deals what Moy
still scam let you know nos desertic
nebula what one the toy but mighty these
are rebels injured in the fighting in
Ukraine they've been brought to a
hospital just half a mile inside the
Russian border
and have come with the assistance of the
Russian authorities they've arrived in
several buses with Ukrainian plates but
before they're admitted for treatment
the fighters are questioned by the
Russian FSB security service most of the
men and women are wearing military
fatigues and some of them have badges
identifying them as militants of the
self-proclaimed Donetsk People's
Republic as the Ukrainian Army retakes
more rebel-held territory the injured
from cities that have fallen are being
brought to this area of Russia which is
effectively functioning as the rear of
the separatist forces Slavic we also
rouges lands commotion conscious nacho
Papa D Buddha at upstream we would pose
awesome yes yes voluminous kupo machacas
electrometer ski patrol denis co-hosted
an economist or guido discipline
what Turk said I still may be amended
terror which is lightning around that
way a Yuna
Kukoc substan your onion one put here /
- as I texted abstain Diwali blog post
over at savers fatigue ski buy weed
yeast we will do tours any position or
even ahora de peut amo boola Prieta -
any honest we be steep always Ignacio
really shiny stupid Virginia I can be
passed a bill blue boy drew a normal
more excursion tack the Couture Couture
overheated spirits let's assume Nemo
specially Nikhil achieves can hold a
brush lock knob make Sudanese one now
yes Ashish all suede bomb so you see
museum no so in Irwin I take a cracker
marijuana tan see a meteor is nasty
terrorist and enjoy after words what a
stolid spatula reacts roof let a toy
traders what muy still skin let you know
nos desertic Nabila
what will a boy Magnemite
at the official border crossing is what
the Russian government would like the
world to focus on a convoy of about 270
humanitarian aid trucks bound for
Ukraine's embattled East that the
Russian media has been tailing for over
a week and in some cases helping the
truck drivers with their interviews jima
diet machine apart it's really the
drainages would be that your studies lab
which the chemistry that what parsley
deep regret about that ranked nationally
which variable star goes with netskope
our most gruesome regional chest
pero era CF my karmic the pikey years
and Solyndra signal silly
the official crossing point is also
where the Russian government has allowed
an international observer mission to
operate which makes note of everything
going in and out of two border
checkpoints controlled by Russia on one
side and the separatists on the other
young men with military-style dress they
come and they cross a border some of
them have backpacks also but we have
never seen weapons and they're going to
and coming back sometimes they are alone
sometimes they're a group of small group
of two three and it can be up to ten
twelve together crossing so it's very
variable here and you will see it in the
reports we have observed wounded people
being transferred from the border from
the Ukrainian border to Russia and we
have been told that there were instances
of Ukrainian military but also of
supporters of the self-proclaimed
Republic's what the observers don't
mention about the men and women in camo
is that they also wear insignia clearly
identifying them as fighters loyal to
the separatist movement in Ukraine here
the now-empty yellow buses which
delivered the injured rebels to the
hospital
headed back through the border into the
conflict zone
but the official crossing isn't the only
place where things can get through the
border Ukraine's frontier is notoriously
porous there are dirt tracks like these
leading from Russia to separatist health
areas that Ukraine claims are used for
arms smuggling and last week two British
journalists reported seeing a column of
Russian mechanized armor go through this
hole in the border fence which is
partially disguised with some branches
beyond the branches over on the
Ukrainian side a military vehicle and
soldiers
Russia has ramped up its military
presence on the western frontier by day
convoys of military trucks like this one
are a typical sight but by night under
the cover of darkness the Russian army
moves weaponised columns throughout the
border area Ukraine has interpreted this
activity as part of an operation to
supply the rebels with arms many also
believe these undisguised troop
movements to be part of a campaign of
intimidation meant to scare Kiev in the
world into thinking a full-scale
invasion of Ukraine could happen at any
moment
