it's thursday august twenty-first and
here's some of the news beyond the
headlines Peruvian authorities have
rescued nine people abducted by The
Shining Path guerilla group three of the
hostages were children and authorities
say the group kidnapped some of the
adults up to three decades ago the
Maoist Shining Path waged an insurgency
against Peru's government in the 1980s
it has declined in recent years but some
of its factions are heavily involved in
the country's drug trade Afghanistan has
expelled a New York Times correspondent
over his reporting authority summoned
Matthew Rosenberg for questioning on
tuesday after the newspaper ran a story
about plans to form an interim
government if the country's election
crisis wasn't soon resolved this looks
like a politically motivated thing we're
trying to respect Afghan due process and
we're simply we appreciate the same from
the authorities officials ordered
Rosenberg to leave because he refused to
reveal his sources they've accused the
veteran reporter of fabricating
information and are accusing the times
of seeking to quote so disunity among
Afghans Myanmar is trying to bury its
rahunga problem by discouraging people
from speaking the group's name the
government has been pushing aid workers
and foreign officials to steer clear of
the term when describing the Muslim
minority some UN officials have said
they stop publicly using the word to
avoid stirring tensions the row hang of
people have been denied citizenship and
are targeted in sectarian violence tens
of thousands have been trapped in
squalid and overcrowded camps ever since
Buddhist mobs drove them out of their
communities two years ago scientists
want to explore what may lie beneath one
of Mexico's most recognizable ancient
sites the team from the National
Autonomous University of Mexico has set
its sights on the Mayan temple known as
El Castillo at the teacher needs a site
in the Yucatan Peninsula they'll look
for tunnels tombs and hidden chambers
and using a technology that sends
electrical currents into the soil
surrounding the structure the scientists
can avoid
unnecessary excavations that could
damage the world heritage site check out
the vice news youtube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world i think i bet it
was a kind of generalizations that it
could power performance appraisals i
certainly can't discount people's
experience when they say
there's a lot of ways some places in
relation to the racial tension in
particular communities
