didn't ya says I'm ever gonna sit
there's no my own be nua your today wa
your now so despite a bomb has claimed
that the US Air Force broke the siege of
his IDI refugees on a rat Sinjar
mountain range the vast majority of
Yazidis fled into northeastern Syria
region controlled by the PYD party an
offshoot of the PKK movement considered
a terrorist organization by the United
States this arrives at the refugee camp
in Derek in the Kurdish region of Syria
it's about 7,000 years Ely refugees here
in see they're all queuing up to get
registered to get food shipments it's
quite desperate seen here it's baking
hot outside espouses war traps on the
mountain still still fleeing down the
mountain to come here can you explain to
me why did you leave your home why did
you leave your home and come here ah
Deborah and in Wendell Maharaja Shambhu
hard rotten and still ahead one amoun
and I mean attack you wanna much sticky
one Imam how can he shall be forgotten
and I can imagine my father bassam Juma
added wounded dorama how Magan Ravi on
telephone Omikron
Putin vomer of young goken and a mother
Christian haughtiness azshara Charter
and period one pyjama gutentag Halima
Vanya when do you think you'll go back
home hey-ho Deborah domine I got home
vagary Angie NES version ha fa da common
if Islam attaining an
what spite being responsible for vast
refugee crisis of its own the Syrian
regime had sent aid one as to help with
ma√±ana would you JB Johnson job nitesh
llama hability mother's behalf common
Sabah - have it never gonna be - give me
a Satan after passage moussaka
revelation a diversifier aria leisurely
Vasa had a boom bit of a debilitating
nun for this Sammy infernal a g-woman
parameter full of UNICEF woman but mom
said ila me a double UBF the worker for
this random ability forgotten submerge
Macedon upon Beto Sahara Berlin it it
has a Periyakulam no romantic to melki
daughter who stopped in kappa matters
the same fate of the Madonna limb
kinetic doodly-doo and
Rossum giraffe neck adulatory America is
now burning - in Iraq
do you think that will affect the
situation in Syria oh I'm innocent I'm
innocent and with letters mean I'm
magnetically a new - Don Zimmer
happycool has a dual uncle had to a head
- damn - the Nizam sir the dollar Surya
the sharpest - the turtle Keshava sory L
and America will deserve our Oscar if I
met a man named Ted has a gorilla era la
Surya laser haha - well the matter Jim
Adler happy and most reliant
this interviewed an official from the
Syrian government government of Bashar
al-assad who is responsible in a janeway
for a massive refugee crisis in Syria
but here the Assad government is shouldn
t aid to Iraqi refugees selected for
Danny we've got a very mobile guess what
s Korea a meeting with more than you
were oh boy that tune didn't say
says how Devon gonna sit there's no my
aunt Dina wha
yeah Syria wa yanha Misawa Bosma after
father in Miami begin sila having them i
am i pushing clashing cobras Jessica's
new gang barbarity I want become River
goes new girl acoustic Jibril oh no God
in sugar Maura Maura Galaga papa
Gonzales nutterman SD Bashara epsilonij
Olivetti he went to meet al de Khalil a
senior official in Northeast serious PYD
administration considered an offshoot of
the PKK which the US government
considers a terrorist organization and
here in the camp we see official to the
Syrian government just outside its a few
metres away
distributing aid to uzd refugees from
Iraq and iego medicine is an awesome
that was really number Sudanese on one
Machado's wrong Weston had on a
technique we gotten Hagar M neshama
morphic a Negron I'm Nicole and Jionni
beer is a sodium cannabis quichua began
a new garage new computer kelan America
considers
the PKK at which the YPG the PYD is a
subgroup to be a terrorist organization
so has this improved relationship of the
United States the America big money
oh gee hot area - dishonor the the suit
EDA Harry Caray boob literally the
Hideki Redbird second London
Kafka raamaiah
many would be welcome American
airstrikes on Isis in Syria
lizbo - tanah Greenaway de vigo rolek we
have added came Kanagawa Tadashi Julie
Donovan a new charter Marcellinus carry
the corpse periodically - I forgive care
we come on center
well when we go to him
Helena - come on Mina - Oh a dirigible
Hutta of savages Jana Martella nomicon
even la Akal voila my mg machine yharnam
inherently here super-universe Lulu had
a measure a dual energy full of language
he wants to see how the Yazidi refugees
were reaching syria by land
so the YPG offered to take us and a trip
to the Sinjar range through the narrow
humanitarian corridor through Islamic
state territory they control where you
said after were neo
in gain driving for few hours now we
were Java code a shell region of Syria
Jonnie one hour approaching the border
with Iraq so how's the border with Iraq
was till Koecher was a border crossing
it was held by Isis
the YPG captured it months ago with very
heavy losses after heavy fighting now
these guys the Syrian Kurdish forces the
YPG they've pushed through the border
into Iraq they've secured a safe
corridor on to managing guard to help
the refugees blow back into syrup but
the secure corridor turned out to be
very insecure indeed in us nigga
propaganda be Raveena Josh and girls are
killing she Michelle Obama
an elderly ZD fighter from Sinjar we are
going to the desert rocks there is no
smoking much Juno Trotta susato as
you've anagram suppose if I go
transported to in Syria and what he's
been told to drive very quickly they
they do come forward leg talent opens on
this road with heavy machine guns
yalla personally never hallelujah
oh ha ha
- mogi mirim Ozma Mira Mira
Nvidia Christina Johanna
well when dice manhunt that is deep
ginger - ginger - no I said Allah al
Ghul come dodgy now Hakuna Matata esposa
very elevated Oh Oh Daniel Dodgen golly
and hashing allegorically bless you sir
it's the hair-raising and sweaty right
across no-man's land essentially resume
us religion
the other shoe Bonhomme de mer SB ice a
more noble Alabama the Jamar at the CEO
- he's a saying of that village which I
can see unnerving in close I will own
their other imagine man without comms
away maybe that's you said that's held
by Isis your matter come to jump man BR
- yeah you're doing alone hit the
village on the other side also about a
commerce away that's also Isis so
basically in a very very narrow corridor
a treacherous desert track thinly held
for the YPG surrounded by Isis I've
Kelly now advisor was near the base the
syndra arranged the convoy stopped for
water the Peshmerga outpost while both
the YPG in these Peshmerga from Iraqi
Kurdistan's governing KDP party are
Kurds fighting the Islamic state
relations between our two are strained
and we encountered a frosty welcome ok
thank you - your mother be - look what
are the 30mb - when we drove off our
escorts made a point that playing YPG
music as loudly as possible
we're quite deep into what notionally a
rocky territory now white knight troops
everywhere there's YPG flag spike for
every building along the road borders
between Iraq and Syria don't mean
anything anymore we don't mean anything
to Isis and I've been heading for the
cut by the time we reach the base the
Sinjar range the Sun was setting and the
convoy is running out of fuel these are
all trucks that were brought up the
mountain fight civilian volunteers from
Syria to rescue the refugees up and up
in the mountain but they've all come
back empty well I'm sure you can tidy
avoid alcohol accustomed to putting them
on my garden my decide I'll put hope
good luck yard and Boulevard over there
we're gonna go back all the way through
the desert back to Derek where we left
from smoke you see how it worked on he
crawled back through the desert the
slow-moving convoy is bright headlights
a clearly visible target it wasn't
always clear with a safe route you can
end up I knew nothing said I didn't love
we cannot do
I was later after many breakdowns we
finally reached the Kurdish region of
Syria GD your deadly beam
way more than what
while we've been here room has been
flying around that American troops
landed in Mount Sinjar that secured an
escape route the last few ezd refugees
there and that Britain in France the
grievous sin weapons the Kurds in Iraq
and the people here been saying when are
the Kurds here when the Kurds in Syria
get weapons in the West
we're fighting Isis to the only American
weapons these guys have got are the ones
they've captured from Isis like the
Humvee we saw driving past us earlier it
remains to be seen what international
intervention really means the people
here
