it's Friday August fifteenth and here
are some of the news beyond the
headlines protests in Ferguson Missouri
have turned violent for the fifth night
in a row with police firing smoke bombs
and tear gas at demonstrators these
protests are over the killing of Michael
Brown an unarmed black teenager shot
dead by police Saturday many are
criticizing the Ferguson Police
Department's refusal to name the
officers involved in Brown's death the
hacker group Anonymous has threatened to
reveal information about who it says
killed brown including the officers
photograph both Missouri's governor and
president barack obama have made
statements about the protests there's
also no excuse for police to use
excessive force against peaceful
protests or to throw protesters in jail
for lawfully exercising their First
Amendment rights the Ukrainian
government continued firing shells at
the rebel stronghold of the next in the
country's East the city has been
surrounded for several weeks by
Ukrainian forces fighting pro-russian
rebels local authorities say clashes
between government and rebel forces have
killed at least 74 civilians over the
last three days anti-government marches
in Pakistan kicked off Thursday when
opposition leader Imran Khan and cleric
taki al-gaddafi led thousands from ahora
de Islamabad the two separate groups
have claimed the may 2013 election was
rigged they are planning a sit-in to
demand the resignation of current Prime
Minister Nawaz Sharif Pakistan is also
currently waging a military offensive
against the Taliban and struggling
economically
tight security forces raided an in vitro
fertility clinic in Bangkok on Thursday
it's part of a crackdown on illegal
surrogate parenting authorities claim
the clinic did not have proper licensing
and registration documents to continue
operating India used to be the number
one spot for commercial surrogacy until
it banned same-sex couples and single
people from IVF now Thailand's become
the emerging market for this so-called
fertility tourism check out the vice
news youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world cuando lleguen oye vamos a la
casa y murante y como su puesto mente de
cien que estaba no permiso cuando NOS a
trabajar el puente de yo men tiruppur
puente no in me regresaron de volta
poruka SI quiero regresar a mi pais y
muy dif√≠cil come in
