oh come on even the cynical al-quran
except ala nabina alayhi wa sahbihi
formula
after consolidating their power base in
Syria the group known as the Islamic
state set about creating their Caliphate
hardline religious and recognising no
borders in June they began a rapid
military expansion into Iraq pushing the
army back to Fallujah just 45 miles from
Baghdad within a few weeks they were in
control of huge areas of two countries
shocking the world at the speed of their
advance and the ease with which they
brushed aside an American equipped and
trained army
vice news was taken by is fighters on a
journey nearly 200 miles from their
power base in Raqqa to what used to be
the Iraqi border and is now part of the
Islamic state but often our motto sermon
seminar ashiness owner Omar Vennela we
do enjoy us suffer and suffer or Toshiro
voli : - Vijayawada here Samir bajalia
for Filipa Amir Amir
the Caliphate currently occupies around
35% of Syria including most of its
oil-producing region and a large part of
Sunni dominated Iraq some estimates
suggest is now controlled a 35,000
square mile area equivalent to the size
of neighboring Jordan senior Islamic
state leaders were keen to show us how
they were literally dissolving borders
Haley and Allen would let Hannah Bergman
eronel an analyst my vein of the Shamar
table feed a well alayhi wa Lumina
adding here - an American well and for
her the flickers Athena be he defected
sawatya Wofford operate a mammal
muslimeen were lacking a partner one
identity wacka-wacka for pick it up it
says people nearly 100 years ago Britain
and France divided up the region that
was once the Ottoman Empire
strange as it seemed to be getting a
history lesson in the middle of the
desert from a hard-line fighter the
sykes-picot agreement is key to the
anger and rage of is
just a few weeks earlier this was a
checkpoint manned by Iraqi soldiers then
is over ran it as is common they filmed
the action and published the results
with the Iraqi army nowhere in sight
people were free to move back and forth
crossing what used to be the iraq-syria
border
hey Anthony Monica Monica Roslyn surfer
dude i have delay Amala Jeremy Authority
aar√≥n was living in the era la la la
vieja Jimmy inevitable never met a large
current abandon or whether issued ill
back that is an omen about that Allah
was unlucky so another question master
one Auslan Sir Ian observing over her to
Hollywood AHIMA Hassan dakhil shamanic
dementia from Island neck but you just
suffer we elementary I just saw a
romantic the petrol hallelujah dolphin a
little more like a flat dollar Muhammad
Ershad finer saya mahalia numerology
that we are hello mr. heym the laminar
but the monument of the sham illa Allah
feeding her monetary wahoo hotmail
Huaraz workers to ultra dude well I'll
handle men a camera at the shake una
villarica Johanna I had a doin alcohol I
wanna know Sara Errani okay mocha Nisa
wait habit of hija Deanna Tamil popular
alpha health kana
I had guru Tom and Alec how can I hide
you cotta loom health care and I had him
now no but I mean Daniel adenine
original kimchi allah fear allah allah
allah allah allah allah allah allah
allah be Silla throughout July and
August the Islamic state continued to
expand making significant territorial
gains they were now in control of a
major dam oil fields and well armed with
looted weapons and bundles of cash to
fund their ambitions it also appeared
there was no one in the region capable
of curbing their advance is routed
Kurdish Peshmerga forces sending
shockwaves through the international
community and creating a flood of
refugees as thousands of Christians fled
for their lives a massive humanitarian
crisis has developed with over 30,000
uzd Kurds trapped on a mountainside
surrounded by is frightened this spark
caused international action to avert a
potential genocide when there's a
situation like the one on this mountain
when countless innocent people are
facing a massacre and when we have the
ability to prevent it the United States
cannot just look away nearly three years
after withdrawing from Iraq President
Obama ordered US military action against
is as well as a humanitarian mission
the bombing may relieve the plight of
the refugees but it is so far had
minimal impact on the Islamic states for
military capabilities while no one knows
exactly how to deal with the escalating
crisis the fighters of the Islamic state
grow bolder by the day well and Emma
Alana had a little love nest as a mink
ribbon Johanna Johanna Hadi
asla hakuna album another one of the
Amelia Island new commercial a la hija
de la la la adios a la tercera check me
