it's Wednesday August 13th and his some
of the news beyond the headlines rebels
in Syria using sophisticated equipment
to fight forces loyal to President
Bashar al-assad and they may have come
from the u.s. fighters with the group
lee wa al idea i below did this video of
a guided missile attack on a government
tank in Latakia province it's one of
many similar videos that have surfaced
in recent months experts say rebels were
most likely given this type of hardware
by the US earlier in the year but
American officials have yet to confirm
or deny that Bolivian police have
dismantled the biggest cocaine lab in a
decade
snipers monitoring the facility opened
fire on authorities as they arrived the
lab was run mostly by foreign workers
who were reportedly processing the drug
in a manner consistent with the methods
used by Colombian cartels coca leaf
cultivation is legal in Bolivia but the
government has worked harder in recent
years to prevent excess crops from
slipping into the wrong hand
sri lanka says it's safe to visit the
country and a slammed the US for
suggesting otherwise
the State Department issued a travel
advisory on Friday warning of possible
violence and anti-american sentiment the
alert was posted after a peaceful
protest outside the US Embassy in
Colombo against Israel's military
operations in Gaza schrenkers economy
relies heavily on tourism the country's
foreign minister has called the
assessment false and alarmist it's
outlawed in much of the developed world
but asbestos is thriving in India
construction executives say the two
billion dollar industry provides 300,000
jobs and through subsidized housing
provides roofs walls and insulated pipes
for some of India's poorest people
dozens of countries and international
agencies say asbestos exposure causes
cancer and other deadly diseases
lobbyists insist those claims are
overblown but even those who are badly
in need of shelter are learning about
the harmful effects of asbestos and say
they don't want it in their
neighborhoods
check out the Vice News YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries around the world stain
your ID
