the Royal Society never enjoyed by
George Barris con mucha gente que Rico
Traviata no g20 pasado
significantly longer oil is very big
business in Mexico
so for the last ten years we've seen a
steady increase in the price of oil
around the world which is why you have
the cartels getting into the oil
business because it's more profitable
for them to steal and sell than this
cocaine
we wanted to come here and follow the
oil and see exactly where the cartels
have been attacking
crude oil is Mexico's number-one export
the United States is its biggest
customer that sounds like good news for
Mexico but in some ways it's a problem
since the nationalization of the
petroleum industry in the 1930s oil has
been the lifeblood of the Mexican
economy in fact the state-owned oil
company Pemex provides about a third of
the tax revenues that the government
uses to pay for everything from welfare
programs to their own salaries and now
the drug cartels that have already
destabilized the country with their
bloody ongoing war with the government
are stealing at oil
Pemex has reported a 1548 percent
increase in illegal siphoning from its
pipeline since the year 2000 creating a
multi-million dollar underground
industry with up to 10,000 barrels of
oil being stolen every day we headed to
the border town of Reynosa to get a
closer look at the cartels newest
enterprise thanks to the presence of
warring cartels Reynosa has become a
place where having army escorts is
essential so we met up with the military
unit assigned to protect the Pemex
employees who have to inspect the
company's pipelines in one of the most
dangerous places in Mexico
it's a place where the cartels operate
so freely you can hear them on open
channels monitoring the movements of the
soldiers who are supposed to be
monitoring them so we're out on patrol
with the Mexican army right now we're
going to go to a Timex pipeline that we
think got broken into yesterday
and as we're driving we have a walkie
talkie that's tapped into the frequency
of the cartels we're talking about us
saying there are seven cars wrong coming
towards us so they're scrambling right
now Gus no sabemos que NOS dejan estaba
la matanza de AMA with both the Mexican
authorities and the cartels armed to the
teeth many suspect that the reason the
bloody shootouts don't happen here more
often
is because the military and Pemex have
been infiltrated by the cartels allowing
them to easily avoid each other
this is where I think the leak is I used
in DC Oh awesome monopoly this the aroma
alga Selina and then the aroma of gas is
really strong here deeper they dig the
stronger the smell is
the operation to find and fix the
cartels illegal taps is not a small one
once this tap was found specialists from
Pemex were brought in to weld and sealed
the tap but this process is only putting
a bandaid on the problem in 2013 alone
the company found more than 2,000
illegal siphons on its pipelines what
that means is every eight and a half
miles a new siphon is placed on one of
these Pemex pipelines this tap was only
a few feet away from a tap that was
welded shut just a week earlier the Gulf
Cartel and the Zetas competing in this
area we wondered if any one group was
controlling the lucrative underground
trade in oil and fuel we spoke to dr.
George Grayson who has done extensive
research on the cartels
it's the Zetas are the primary thieves
they are making a great deal of money
from the oil industry Los Zetas is a
powerful and violent criminal syndicate
in Mexico and is considered by the US
government to be the most
technologically advanced sophisticated
and dangerous cartel in Mexico the group
was formed in 1997 by soldiers who
defected from the Mexican Army's elite
airmobile Special Forces they are most
notoriously known as a drug cartel with
an affinity for indiscriminate brutal
violence torture kidnapping and
slaughter but in recent years they have
diversified their activities beyond the
traditional drugs guns and human
trafficking now it's ordinary oil
workers who are living in fear of the
cartels wrath so what are some of the
risks of being an oil worker for Pemex
the risk is pretty clear you either
cooperate or you suffer the consequences
the cliche is Plata o Plomo that is
silver take the money or Plomo take the
lead but often it's not lead but it's
steel in the form of having your head
cut off with a chainsaw
they also prepare qui Soze these are
stews where you take a member of the
family and you put them in a pig boiler
and you pour gasoline on them and then
you set a match to them and because the
zetas use such sadistic unbelievably
cruel methods typically people will
cooperate with them either for a payment
or for concern that their lives and the
lives of their family members would be
in danger kidnappings and reported
disappearances of oil workers have
terrorized the region more than 50 Pemex
employees have been kidnapped over the
last 10 years the most notorious case
was in 2007 when 38 oil workers went
missing from the Burgos Basin
from intimidating Pemex workers to
hijacking the pipelines Mexican drug
cartels are undermining the government's
control of the oil industry we want to
talk to one of the men responsible for
the sabotage someone who could give us
insight into the Zetas operations after
months of searching we finally arranged
a meeting with his 8th a soldier who
agreed to talk to us under the
conditions that we hide his face and
distorted voice when we pass a moment
alone all day
the this place when you can be total
heroin el camino para toda la gente
happens on a la cual in the deliquency
under when are the panic when he was
under control de la fenix it is
envisioned masa would result in evidence
in the Sun due to the time difficulty
metonym decidedly disappointed if a
sentiment agencies are coming also
situated me but not for the general
direction not just a parent only notice
and in some cities emission mask Anala
the eye the contagion they say no
certain dose a one-to-one discussed also
you know they understand Austin just
only player passes for 12 Antonia
not another on the second dose
adrenaline and told no the auditor a
picture is fun
yes you plan on another wonderful
typically awesome special note must warn
you run away to the heart of the Burgos
basin but before we could visit the
natural gas and oil fields we were
instructed we had to shave our beards as
a safety precaution or we couldn't go
this meeting what's happening right now
is something that happens every single
day it's like the daily security
briefing these are the different
stations we're going to go to and if the
army can join them they don't go so
that's a sign of how bad things are that
they need to do it every day and they
have to go with you
we can't drive
from the air you can clearly see the
network of pipelines carved into the
landscape stretching approximately
17,000 miles across the country each one
of those lines is a potential target for
the cartels
we're driving through the Burgos Basin
right now and we got army guys all
around us we are out on patrol with
Pemex the cartels aren't always tapping
into pipelines to get these natural
resources sometimes they simply drive
their tanker trucks right into the Pemex
facilities like this one and fill up
just weeks before these massive barrels
were completely drained of liquid gas so
tatiana Encanto tanki's on next and to
Mangueira
descarga in tanki car ganas wahoo
patanki yaki joselow rola these thefts
got so bad that in 2010 Pemex shut down
stations and halted routine maintenance
in this area with the help of the
military production is just now resumed
the cartels probably had an epiphany
that this is a lot easier for us to
drive in and just take the oil and sell
it on the black market that it is to
like bring in cocaine from Colombia and
salad while the stolen oil is nearly
impossible to track it's widely
suspected that a portion of it is making
its way back to the United States in
2007 a bi-national investigation showed
that large amounts of Pemex oil were
being smuggled into Texas executives and
oil brokers at five Texas based
companies were sentenced in connection
to the stolen oil voice vote on 10
avocados como esta gente que Rico
I'm going to put in multi-level is
disappointing but clearly I have a
problem is Delta so here so this is 2
meters of internal travel from the theme
park internal model yeah yes almost a
cafe Mundi and oh dear
those are mothers are worried about
mortgage
okay so Syriac es que son area donde
transit ax
la delincuente y lo que sus a days ki
intimidation I Ramos a personal day
Pemex
y esos críticos a veces y cuando set
upon dos cartels diferentes yo hombre
enfrentamientos away no notice a proper
aqui es que la rest Olympia decid si
personal para que nosotros plan soprano
trabajo en tres we're in a very very hot
area right now we're being forced to
move very quickly from one spot to the
next
have been here for more than five
minutes and this is time to keep moving
we gotta go we gotta go
wait
Tomoki like a nice corner here to 20
militant energy let alone no different
los talas let dominant religion you know
the guitar part and conductor is DC
Jelena Quentin the Eternity populism
Shailaja mana yourself for temporary
fortification in the past decade or the
97 Pemex workers and seven contractors
have been linked to fuel theft and while
it's true that stealing oil is less
risky for the Zeta soldiers than running
drugs what we saw next showed us how
this illegal business is having a much
larger and deadly impact on the Mexican
people there have been dozens of
accidents related to oil theft over the
last few years but none as deadly as the
one in text Moluccan
we are driving to a town called San
martín Texas Moluccan it's outside of
Puebla on December 19 2010 one of the
cartels hacked into the pipeline who was
a pipeline that had already been
illegally tapped into about 60 times and
it went horribly wrong a leak led to an
explosion that destroyed a hundred and
fifteen homes killing 30 people 13 of
which were children the oil kept flowing
creating a river of fire that devastated
the town this is where the pipeline was
hacked into underneath us it's pretty
amazing how much oil actually needed to
be shot out of that pipeline to fill
this entire street take a right turn go
into the river burn down the bridge and
go down to the left as well among the
empty lots and for sale signs and text
Moluccan are dozens of crosses and
shrines
this shrine was made by a man named
Jaime Mendel when we heard his story we
understood why he did not want to appear
on camera he is essentially the single
biggest victim of this ordeal he lost
his entire family ten family members
wife children grandkids this is his
daughter Miriam his wife
it's hard to put the the magnitude of
his losses into words after he received
his money from Pemex to rebuild the home
he was kidnapped by the cartels they
held a gun to his head and kept him
there
until he gave all the money to the
criminals he was extorted
intimidation and extortion are a common
tactic of the cartels and many residents
of tax Moluccan are living in fear but
we were able to speak with one woman who
lost her father her daughter and three
of her grandchildren in the accident you
nakisha say Tameka
so I'll start in Memorial Day a day
Missy day me papa tambien Demi's neeta's
can you explain exactly what happened
that night
no7 tamos me par a masala ya todo esta
perdido las Cortinas de las entradas
todo esta Barty endo cuando no
saccharine me Vanna sak are por la bar
de perder Miki say poor asta no Vera
mija ya miss Nina's yo les decir la
gente ten en toes estaba Hondo imijo
este en el Verde depe Lycia yo blinka
vio mis hijos eos a Bahamian is Emma's
Abbas Kaiba mamma's yo pero por que nos
vamos led go to hermana los ninos dices
que este ya vamonos dat cheeky arrows
vie Amasya no in a decay a ser yo see no
Zak Aaron pero no Simoes de que el lado
pero si amigo que las personas que hacen
eso que de Robar say L petrol Leo que lo
piensan una Mira's para hacer las cosas
por que me Ren todo loca Cascione todo
lo que Cascione la st Ella Sara's the
explosion attacks Moluccan and others
that have happened since then show that
the impact of the illegal oil trade is
much bigger than the Mexican government
losing some tax revenue
innocent people are being killed oil
diesel and natural gas are some of
Mexico's most important industries and
theft by the cartels is having a
dramatic effect on the economy because
of the resulting violence gas production
in the Burgos Basin has decreased
dramatically on top of that in 2013
crude oil extraction was at its lowest
in 20 years in an effort to address the
effects of this downturn the government
is enacting controversial constitutional
reforms that would end the company's
seventy-five-year-old monopoly opening
the company to private and foreign
investment in spite of public protests
while that may provide a short-term
influx of cash
it still doesn't address the fact that
the cartels will continue stealing oil
no matter who owns the cartels have
taken a cue from big business and have
diversified their portfolio beyond
cocaine weed and meth oil may be their
biggest business yet and could have the
most devastating impact of all with the
resources that are supposed to be
fueling mexico's development flowing
into the hands of the cartels they could
become more powerful and more
threatening than ever before
you
