it's Friday August first and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines a Greek
Court has acquitted to farmers who admit
to shooting migrant workers in april of
last year 28 Bangladeshi strawberry
pickers were shot and wounded after
demanding compensation for six months of
unpaid work investigations revealed that
they were living in squalid conditions
on the farm in the southwestern town of
mono Lada and had no access to basic
sanitation politicians unionists and
activists are calling the ruling racist
and scandalous guatemala mexico and the
united states have agreed on new efforts
to prevent migrants from jumping onto a
freight train to try and reach american
soil thousands of migrants are hurt or
killed every year when they fall under
the wheels of the train known as the
beast the train has derailed several
times stranding migrants who are left to
fend for themselves against drug gangs
the deal will add checkpoints along the
path of the train which runs through
Mexico to just south of the u.s. border
the mother of a Mexican teenager killed
by US border police in 2012 has sued US
Customs and Border Protection agents
fatally shot 16 year-old Jose Antonio
Elena Rodriguez at least seven times in
the back across the border from Nogales
Arizona the American Civil Liberties
Union which filed the suit on
Rodriguez's behalf claims the incident
is just one example of how border agents
use excessive force but the accused
officials maintain the boy was throwing
rocks at them and that they acted in
self-defense some people in Switzerland
aren't happy about the government's new
racy approach to hiv/aids awareness the
Public Health Department has launched a
love life campaign with nearly 2,000
billboards depicting gay and straight
couples in a number of sexual positions
some say the images are pornographic but
the organizer of the two million dollar
campaign says there's plenty of reason
to promote both pleasure and
responsibility in health promotion and
prevention there is a lot of evidence
that messages of danger and creating
fear has a short-term effect
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
proceso alaikum manisha zabrala a
pistear a dejar a su parte SI pasa nada
