the office of the inspector general at
the Department of Health and Human
Services says it's launching a
nationwide review of shelters that house
migrant children the Inspector General's
Office says that what investigators have
seen at some facilities so far prompted
them to launch a wider inspection and a
spokeswoman says they're specifically
checking employees background screenings
and making sure physical and sexual
abuse is being reported the
investigation will look at shelters that
house all of the nearly 12,000 migrant
children under the care of Health and
Human Services including kids taken from
their parents HHS has custody of about
2,000 migrant children who've been
separated from their families as a
result of the Trump administration's
zero-tolerance immigration policy
government officials haven't been able
to answer many questions about how those
children are being cared for
but yesterday HHS Secretary Alex azar
told a congressional committee that
children in custody have the right to
make phone calls to family members we
want every child and every parent to be
in communication at least twice a week
so that they're talking by Skype or by
phone immigration attorneys and
advocates have told us that in reality
those phone calls aren't always
happening on a regular basis but vice
news obtained a recording of a phone
call between a seven-year-old boy from
Guatemala and his mother the
seven-year-old boy is in an office of
refugee resettlement shelter in Arizona
he crossed the border with his father
who is now detained in a Texas detention
facility and his mother and younger
brother remain in Guatemala last night
the boy spoke to his mother on the
telephone
yes avocado para la Santiago Y no no
podía por que no podía el telefono no no
Sarah bu
Oh Raymond if you keep going out alone
we're liable yes being wrongfully blind
exists for buying captain or a Leah vo
Basilicata you cannot take a photo with
me your bag well of a new hobby I know
so Salafi no no no get how they say
welcome to Papa Papa mo exam Osama be
naive me okay el gobierno wealthy deep
here Annika who sings nothing losses
three-stage a poquito Ponte pocket
together to Papa labas Val Travis a
saponins no tengas miedo Java has Olivia
David a salir knocked away away pero la
vamos a volver event Radha's no tengami
automotive a pasar nada y yo society pop
ie we got the Mojo you know your
response at a ya later
I envy wonder mom
this was only the second time the
seven-year-old boy has been able to have
a conversation with his mother since he
was separated from his father almost a
month ago he still has not been able to
speak with his father
you
