it's Thursday July thirty-first and
here's some of the news beyond the
headlines the UN relief and Works Agency
for Palestinian refugees in the near
East says an Israeli attack on one of
its shelters in Gaza has violated
international law at least 20 people
were killed and more than 120 wounded
after shells ripped through the building
in the early hours of Wednesday morning
thousands of Palestinians had crowded
into the school in hopes of finding
somewhere safe to sleep it's the second
time in a week a un run building has
been hit a statement released by the
agency called the attack a source of
universal shame fighters of the Islamic
Front are heading underground to inflict
maximum damage above the group says it
carried out a bomb attack on the
government-controlled police
headquarters of the northern Syrian city
of Aleppo the rebels claim they planted
explosives and two tunnels under the
building and say the blast killed dozens
of government soldiers and loyalists
growing anti-roma sentiment in one
polish town is keeping residents from
leaving their homes around a hundred
ethnic roma and andra hof are living in
fear of harassment by far-right groups
they say arrived last month with the
purpose of driving them out it started
with a rally and chants calling for them
to leave and the intimidation has
continued and spread to social media
members of the community say it's part
of a smear campaign by the far-right
movement to win support for radical
nationalists ahead of a local election
later this year
u.s. space agency NASA is celebrating a
record-breaking feet the solar-powered
Mars rover Opportunity has logged just
over 25 miles on its exploratory mission
of the Red Planet longer than any
vehicle and space history nASA says the
achievement is pretty remarkable because
the rover wasn't designed to travel long
distances a Soviet Rover held the
previous record registering a little
over 24 miles on the moon in 1973 check
out the vice news youtube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world I
don't know Camelot a better idea on who
must step up one manisha jaws luckily i
met a teenager got into college
readiness so where where will you go now
we are this to you a dog from assoc to
stick the other
