we were being driven through the streets
of Medellin known as the world's cocaine
capital our escorts were members of a
powerful drug gang getting access to one
of the most feared criminal
organizations in the world meant that we
had to give up our phones and agree to
be blindfolded we were completely at
their mercy we had heard the cocaine
trade had radically changed and this was
a good opportunity to find out it was
one of those moments in life where you
realize this could be a really bad idea
the guy bringing me into the room used
to be a hit man he was fresh out of jail
this is the drug gangs method of
blindfolding people to avoid attention
just eye patches and sunglasses the guys
gave us a ridiculous cover story in case
we were stopped by the police that we
had just undergone a surgery I'm not
sure that they would have bought that
good ass yes well okay we've been
blindfolded for 30 minutes that was
really stressful I don't know where I am
can look as if a dress that was gone
Donegal anyone said as I've done so this
is basically like a deposit they will
sell the drugs from this house they will
distribute them to different places so
far they've shown is the part but I
think they've got much more
they're letting have only film in this
one room the light has to be dim because
it attracts the attention of people
outside but it's already a lot of axes I
mean these people that you see here are
like the foot soldiers of the cocaine
cartels for us to be here they basically
had to ask and get clearance by senior
people what seamless will be Elysia
being a foot soldier is a risky
proposition there's thousands of them in
Medellin and they can earn up to five
hundred dollars a week they start at a
really young age and most don't make it
past twenty five it's only the toughest
to survive and make it through the ranks
these are called bricks of cocaine and
their boss knows exactly how much
they're supposed to weigh so if there's
less merchandise in Miami or the streets
of the US make it
tres polite MA
okay business this park is monogamous
thank you comedy porque pero ha ha
d'Italia Lamas come on pretty does it
alone
no it's nothing consumers the Mubarak
Tito it's a pretty surreal scene there's
cocaine all over the place it's all over
the floor even it's just something
that's kind of worthless for them
they're so used to it they say they've
grown with this
the security guy in the room next door
was keeping watch that is when he wasn't
feeding pot to the dog
he gave a signal that we had to leave
who knows if a dealer was coming to pick
up his - this is the part we're not
looking forward to it all but it has to
be done apparently again the
blindfolding is not that bad what's
really strange is to be in that taxicab
for 30 minutes or so
oh well
we were bundled back into their car not
having a clue where we were we had just
seen the first step in medallions
cocaine industry on the surface the city
seems stable but if you dig deeper
you'll find many efficiently run
criminal networks modeled after a
corporation the official line is that
the city is experiencing a relative calm
actually that's not the case it's just
that the gangs known as combos
have made deals and divided up the city
we were granted access to a guy who
controls one of these combos he's only
26 and yet they call him kucho which
means dad or old man there are around 20
coaches in the city Xavier has an army
of 500 men including the guys we met at
the depot he is middle management the
link between international drug
traffickers and the foot soldiers he'd
like to move up the ranks but today it
takes more than just being ruthless you
have to be ahead of the curve both are
silly q is intrusive and Akiko SSL DK
o''h cannot Rosario Moses post Abdul
Qays Ariana has got espera la nariz but
is in fact not a solace it's a second
jaspera as I was a fake to kill a
coconut normal chasm for glasses in
Tripoli Molly's
yajima vecto imagine cal casa la cocaina
normal days esta su propio totalmente no
porque de que la coconut was a say the
same path is a consumer see blanca hace
article devadasi prison achieve go study
of course and Adriana temperatures okay
como TX 2000 implemented say Nicole
Charlie every which is cool aired us
pero no babe Moses
yeah it's sport underestimate transient
for my job isn't facade nosotros no no
but I
couch Mars Baba Yaga's political Javier
may have big plans with his liquid
cocaine but his superiors operate on a
grand scale
they are the drug lords traffickers with
international business links who make
the serious money we wanted to meet one
we had heard about a new cocaine
production model which was supposed to
be a game-changer
so after days of waiting we finally got
notice we were going to be shown
something very few people get to see one
of the new cocaine laughs okay here's
the color waiting for hopefully hello
pure
Kenneth we were going to be shown
something very few people get to see one
of the new cocaine labs it's crazy that
this place is right in the heart of the
city we never expected it to look like
this
we can't show what it looks like from
the outside but it's just like a regular
normal building the pueblos in Toonami
Ortiz
apparently all you need is a kitchen
with a microwave and a cook cocaine has
traditionally been made in large labs in
the jungle but these often get busted so
the cartels have adapted it's a
do-it-yourself strategy and it's booming
hundreds of kitchen labs are working all
over the city 24/7 Perico a comedian
Chucky did you know me too your
Commodore Perry Como Kimiko
that right there they make us a
welcoming
that's how much it smells pretty strong
and they obviously told us that you
can't smoke or anything because la coka
sala de la pagina Doce second speaker
just a remarkable statistic down see the
overflow says he talked to just as
nihonto okay can you tell us cause clara
the boss suddenly knocks on the door and
everyone panicked we have to stop all
filming Pedro is the big-time drug
trafficker and he says that's all we
need to know giving us more information
he says could put both of us in danger
I know teenagers and very young people
and they destroy their lives by do it
somewhere else is monitoring someone is
gonna make the money it is what it is
have you made money yeah now do you want
to do something completely different
come on I did it too anymore he's
miserable
I don't want to end up in a prison in
the United States or here or anywhere
and super people these news
organizations have been we have in the
past
we don't have that anymore it's just
like very small groups so many bosses is
that easier yeah we have satellites
we're gonna spend as much money
then all of a sudden Pedro stopped
apparently our time was up we were
dropped back downtown where the police
warned us to be careful about getting
our camera stolen seriously after all
that we had just seen this was really
the least of our worries citizens say
Medina is now safer and authorities will
claim it's a result of their effective
policies we found that neither of these
are entirely true as the boss said
bloodshed is bad for business it draws
too much attention this is the new
cocaine trade low-profile run out of
tiny apartments and less violent at
least for the time being
you
