you have massive volumes of oil moving
around the country in ways that
fundamentally aren't as safe as they
could be the people who are supposed to
be ready for it weren't firefighters
didn't know about it
mayors didn't know about it the people
who make sure the state's ready for oil
spills didn't know about it a crude oil
wasn't supposed to explode until it
started exploded the volume of crude oil
transported over North America's rail
lines has exploded in number since 2008
there's been more than a four thousand
percent increase in crude oil traveling
through communities in the United States
and Canada and not without problems
trains hauling oil are due railing and
exploding resulting in severe
environmental damage and more unsettling
human casualties
we're here in downtown Seattle it's game
night for the Mariners right over
there's where the Seahawks play and what
most people don't know is that right
underneath us there's train tracks that
carry oil trains next to two major
stadiums I've seen a lot of stuff in
local news across the nation that has
depicted a lot of train wrecks that have
involved oil and things like that that
could be devastating it would crush half
of downtown Seattle train tracks run
through the heart of Seattle and right
next to the city's two major sports
stadiums on average 20,000 fans show up
for a home game at the ballpark and over
three times that to support the city's
champion football team but trains were
never a concern until they were hauling
oil
from the Seahawks Stadium
you could probably throw a rock and hit
an oil train from the top of that the
upper decks they're running right
through the heart of populated areas
Eric de place is the policy director of
sightline Institute a sustainability
think-tank in Seattle he's been tracking
the expansion of oil by rail in the
Pacific Northwest right now we're really
at the tip of the iceberg
so we've seen this incredible growth in
oil by rail we're up about 50 or 60
times beyond oil shipments by train that
we had even just a couple of years ago
and as it grows we're seeing more and
more of these derailment sand explosions
so why is there been an increase you
know in the u.s. in general the increase
is largely driven by production of oil
in regions like the Bakken formation in
North Dakota that oil was known as there
for a long time but it was difficult to
extract it the Bakken and oil and
natural gas formation covers parts of
western North Dakota eastern Montana and
parts of Central Canada for decades the
oil and gas industry knew these fuel
deposits existed but until recently
we're unable to extract them hydraulic
fracturing has caused an oil boom in the
Bakken making North Dakota one of the
top domestic oil suppliers in America
second only to Texas the boom has meant
big money for the oil industry
and some say will put America on the
path to energy independence but oil
frack from shale formations is full of
volatile gases making it more similar to
jet fuel than traditional crude oil and
by its very nature extremely flammable
moving all that oil across the country
is daunting
there hasn't been hard pipeline
infrastructure in place that's adequate
to serve the demand for the oil
producers so the railroads first stepped
into the breach and began playing the
role the pipeline companies normally do
and they begin moving large quantities
of oil by train the dominant way that we
have moved crude oil and ethanol and
some other products is in this old type
of rail car called the dot-111 the
Department of Transportation 111 or
dot-111 is the workhorse of shipping
crude by rail in America but federal
safety investigators have known about
their deficiencies for over 20 years in
a 1991 safety memo the National
Transportation Safety Board found that
the inadequacies of the protection
provided by dot-111 a tank cars has been
evident for many years in accidents
investigated by the Safety Board the
cars heads and shells are thin and prone
to puncture protective housings around
valves and top fittings are not robust
enough to prevent impact damage the
handles that operate bottom outlet
valves often open during derailment
spilling the liquid contents of the
railcar combine highly flammable Bakken
crude and the deficiencies of the
dot-111 railcar you have what critics
are calling bomb trains
we've seen now with five catastrophic
explosions in the last 12 months that
when these things to rail they don't
always burst into flame but when they do
it's catastrophic by far the most
horrifying accident with an oil train
was in a little town in Quebec it
slipped its brakes rolled into town
derailed and when it blew up 47 people
were killed almost instantly leveled
four blocks of town people were
horrified and there was a lot of
questions about whether or not something
like that might happen again as it
turned out it did happen again in
November I don't train derailed in a
trestle and Alabama burst into flames
fell into a river in December an oil
train derailed outside of Fargo North
Dakota and exploded catastrophically in
January a train derailed in New
Brunswick blew up and then just earlier
this month the train derailed in
Lynchburg Virginia right next to
downtown fortunately not killing anybody
and also burst into flames and felons of
a James River the fires can be so
dangerous that first responders can't
even approach the blazes
this is my bunking pants and boots and I
got my jacket helmet and my face piece
Kenny Stuart is the president of the
Seattle firefighters union and a
lieutenant in the Seattle Fire
Department he's one of the many first
responders all over America who are
concerned about the influx of oil trains
running through their communities
he offered to show us a few spots in
Seattle that worried him most well this
is Golden Gardens park right here
that's Puget Sound and we're looking at
the Olympic Mountains so that right next
to the beach what is it about a hundred
yards away is as the train tracks where
the trains run and the trains come
through fairly regularly we see commuter
trains running through and apparently
now we have oil trains running down the
tracks on a regular basis
and you you know you live right by here
right I live right up the road on top of
the hill here above the tracks how do
you feel living so close to the train
tracks I think you know my kids love the
trains we like hearing the trains it
adds to the the feel of the neighborhood
we're here at the park and the trains
come by you know what kid doesn't like
to see a train hurtling down the train
tracks right but all of that changes
when we see the the threat that these
oil trains bring and then companies
don't let the neighborhood know hey
these explosive oil trains are coming
through your town if I wasn't a
firefighter I would have no idea that
oil trains were going so close to my
house so close to the park where my kids
play and so close to beautiful Puget
Sound Seattle Fire Department is
prepared for a large emergency like this
we're just not as prepared as we should
be that might be a train coming right
now
there we go
until recently citizens all over the US
and Canada have been kept in the dark
about whether or not oil trains are
running through their communities well
cars right there
firefighters are one of the few groups
who are notified when oil trains are
coming through populated areas
previously the only way to determine the
trains cargo was to read the tank cars
d-o-t placard information about oil
train routes is still not widely
available to the public the d-o-t just
passed a an emergency order to notify
States when Bakken crude is coming
through their jurisdiction that happened
on May 8th from May 7th and they also
have put out an advisory to producers or
transporters to try to avoid using the
dot-111 cars those older cars they
didn't say you can't use them they said
try to avoid it so still if you're
somebody who's trying to get this stuff
to market you're gonna use whatever cars
you have available and they can't make
cars fast enough right now they cannot
get the Bakken crude out of the fields
and into the refineries fast enough
what's the earliest date if everything
went as quickly as you can move it
what's the earliest date at which we
could have a standard new standards let
me go back to no just just give me that
what is the earliest date we could have
some certainty right now there's so much
uncertainty people aren't gonna make the
investments in safer cars and we're
gonna keep running these crummy 111's as
they are and killing people seems like
there's a lot of finger pointing going
on I mean the National Transportation
Safety Board is saying we need safer
trains the a are saying the same thing
and there seems to be a lot of weird
miscommunication but you know who's like
who is it on to really fix these trains
likewise are such a communication
breakdown ultimately on some level it's
the it's the responsibility of federal
regulators it's responsibility of the
Department of Transportation at the
federal level to say no we're not gonna
allow this to run anymore the reason
that happened hasn't happened so far is
because industry lobbyists have been
effective in stalling them American
Association of railroads for example
will make some noise about warning safer
tank cars but if you actually look at
the testimony they've provided they're
not planning to you know take those cars
at a service many time soon because
they're their industry
components that they represent don't
want to do it they want to continue
making as much money as they can by
running oil trains why is there such a
resistance to you know change the model
of the car to something that can be
substantially safer the resistance
mainly comes from the fact that it will
add some expense and delay because it
costs you know tens of thousands of
dollars to build a retrofit a rail car
and then of course it delays how much
they can how much oil they can ship in
the interim in 2011
the industry introduced an update to the
dot-111 known as the CPC 12:32 companies
now have the option to purchase newer
cars that supposedly address the safety
concerns of the dot-111 but the price
tag is pretty hefty weighing in at
around $120,000 or the companies can
shell out twenty to thirty thousand
dollars to have each of their dot-111 s
retrofitted if those companies were
really interested in upgrading their
fleets to the CPC one two three T's they
could do so now they could take the old
ones off and not run them anymore
they're not doing that they're gonna
build new rail cars but they're not
gonna take the old ones off even the new
ones have safety flaws too in April of
2014 a train carrying crude oil from the
Bakken region in North Dakota derailed
and exploded in Lynchburg Virginia while
there were no casualties the tanker
spilled 30,000 gallons of oil into the
James River 14 of the 17 cars that
derailed were of the new safer variety
of rail car the CPC 12:32 the incident
created doubt if any version of the
dot-111 was adequate for carrying crude
oil safely through America
refineries and export terminals in
Washington and Oregon are the closest to
the Bakken deposits than anywhere else
in the country the oil is loaded onto
trains in North Dakota
it travels west across Montana through
the panhandle of Idaho and enters the
state of Washington near Spokane it then
head south and snakes its way along both
shorelines of the Columbia River
traveling through the scenic Columbia
River Gorge and onto Vancouver
Washington at which point the tracks
curved north towards facilities at Grace
Harbor and the five refineries located
near Seattle and the Puget Sound or they
continue on towards the Pacific Ocean
terminating at Port westward in Oregon
urban areas aren't the only places at
risk several rural communities are also
on the front lines we drove south from
Seattle down the i-5 to where the
Columbia River and the train tracks that
run along it divided the states of
Washington and Oregon it's here at Port
westward where the Columbia Pacific bio
refinery is located and where many oil
trains terminate
we hopped a boat with jasmine from the
Columbia River keeper to get a closer
look at the ethanol plant turned oil
terminal
the terminal the oil terminal was built
to be an ethanol refinery was about
twenty million dollars in taxpayers
green energy credits operated for about
a week went bankrupt and then was
purchased by an oil terminal and now the
same facility is the same permits that
were used to bring in ethanol are now
bringing in oil the name is a little
tricky people call it the Columbia
Pacific bio refinery because at one
point there was expectation that it
would make ethanol it never has it never
will it's an oil terminal owned and
operated by global of Albany New York
the facility now run by energy supply
company global partners has been
transferring oil to ocean-going barges
since Oregon's environmental agency
approved an air quality permit change in
June of 2012 without any public comment
or review the agency clear the way for
trains to begin hauling volatile crude
oil from the Bakken straight through the
middle of several small towns and
precariously close to the Columbia River
for 50 yards some of the best juvenile
salmon habitat on the lower Columbia
River it just doesn't make sense I mean
this area misses juvenile salmon habitat
this is not oil spill habitat but if
they keep bringing in the trains it's
just a matter of
of time before missile areas even oil
spill what kind of an impact would you
know decimating the salmon population
has to the community that is around here
and the Columbia River has the largest
salmon run in the lower 48 if we lose
that we lose the entire fishing
economies who lose our recreation
economy it's not always a matter of
adding more jobs when these oil
terminals come in it's often a matter of
taking away existing jobs global
partners continued their rocky start at
poor westward by illegally moving five
times the amount of oil that their
permit allowed they're now seeking a
permit that will bring 50 trains per
month through the surrounding
communities and along the Columbia River
the entire oil by rail industry has been
cloaked and in secrecy without any
accountability the terminal there really
started operating without anybody
knowing what it was moving or what risks
it had introduced to the communities
along the way Rob Davis is an
investigative journalist at the
Oregonian his reporting has been
instrumental in understanding the
secrecy surrounding oil by rail in the
Pacific Northwest the Oregon Department
of Environmental Quality allowed this
rail facility out of Port westward to
switch from ethanol loading onto barges
to loading crude oil no public hearing
no public involvement no discussion
about it just a routine permit change
that happened within three weeks of the
request being filed oil trains showed up
without anybody knowing they were coming
you know I've talked to folks in Renier
and st. Helens and Scappoose who were
sitting at stoplights waiting for trains
to go by and they had 110 black cars on
them they didn't know what was in them
and what's organs policy been towards
crude by rail you know there has been an
almost wholesale lack of awareness
around the country of where oil trains
are going I've been researching it for
the better part of four months and it
has been an onerous task to figure out
who's hauling what where the Oregon
Department of Transportation has
fundamentally tried to obfuscate this
issue my first call to them was just to
say hey there are oil trains here what's
the deal with them and I said nothing to
worry about we've got it locked down
we've done inspections around it and
everything is fine they have actively
fought to keep oil train routes and
volumes secrets the federal government
had to step in and require them to talk
about where they're moving this stuff
addressing communities fundamental right
to know
took an emergency order from the
Department of Transportation in
Washington as oil train routes are
slowly being released to the public
communities all around America are
realizing the potential human and
environmental cost of shipping crude by
rail and voicing their concern with the
very agency's tastic are the environment
and their personal safety
we're sending a message to DEQ that they
absolutely cannot permit oil trains
their explosive they're extremely
dangerous reports say there's more oil
spill derailment and this past year in
the past 30 years and we're coming to
show them that absolutely cannot permit
these we won't let them activists and
concerned citizens have started to focus
on fighting infrastructure expansion to
slow crude buy rails momentum in the
Pacific Northwest we are forming a new
agency the people's agency and despite
your termination of employment here we'd
like to offer you a job with our new
agency we'll be doing business in the
lobby shortly if you want to come and
see what we're all about
a key project in the region is the
Tesoro savage terminal proposed to be
built in Vancouver Washington it is the
largest terminal that's proposed in the
Pacific Northwest you know it's been a
divisive issue in Vancouver there's this
jobs versus environment dichotomy for
all of these major projects you know the
rail line in Vancouver is a fundamental
part of the city's identity but when you
talk to city councilors they're the
emerging safety issue around crude by
rail has turned that project and others
from being this kind of esoteric
environmental discussion about the role
that transporting fossil fuels has in
exacerbating climate change to a
question that you know folks in the City
Council are being asked in the line at
the grocery store you know whether oil
trains are gonna blow up and kill them
and it has absolutely changed the tenor
of the debate about that project so it
basically goes over to where you know
that big group of trees over there
includes that big group of trees Barry
Kane is the president of a real estate
development company his firm is
responsible for a 1.3 billion dollar
redevelopment of Vancouver's waterfront
less than 2 miles from their proposed
oil terminal and so when this is built
up I mean these these trains would come
right next to the development right some
of the trains will go you know currently
the trains go on that second it's easy
it's two different yeah they go on that
second one then they go off that way the
ones that are going to would stay here
if they if the port got its terminal it
would be closer and then we follow our
property line
yes Jones there
berry gave us a tour of the 32 acre site
it will be transformed into 22 city
blocks 3,000 residential units a 200
rooms hotel and other businesses ten of
these 22 blocks will be within a hundred
feet of the tracks being a proponent of
economic development he supported the
oil terminal and its promise of jobs but
that was until the disaster and Lac
Megantic it happened two weeks before
the port had a public meeting decided to
sign the lease with Tesoro and you know
all sudden he's all an oil train just
like the ones they were proposing to
come in wrecks and destroys the whole
town and kills 50 people that woke me up
a little bit so I went to the Uranus and
said well you know why don't you just
hold off a little bit until you know for
sure this is a good idea maybe maybe
there is a safety issue and everybody
initially say that's a great idea you
know listen you know what's wrong with
that but then as you start getting any
to seeing the accidents and seeing it do
all companies they don't care that much
about the future of this area they just
want to get in and get the box I'm sorry
that that's that's what they want out of
this and they'll say oh it's never gonna
happen here and and the more accidents
that happen the more it's clear that
they can't do anything about the
accident they can't stop them
a few years ago almost no oil was being
hauled by trains in the u.s. now at any
given moment an estimated 9 million
barrels are moving over the rails
throughout North America just 20 miles
down the river from Vancouver is the
Columbia River Gorge National Scenic
Area it's home to the windsurfing
capital of the world the best salmon run
in the contiguous United States and now
the largest pipeline on wheels into the
Pacific Northwest
first responders are underfunded and
unprepared to protect us
government agencies are keeping secrets
the industry is protecting profits
meanwhile regulators are scrambling to
catch a runaway train
