every year on the close of July
the British Protestants of Northern
Ireland celebrate their national
heritage by burning huge bonfires and
marching through the streets
this is particularly contentious in the
heavily divided city of Belfast after
decades of conflict between the
Republican Catholics and the loyalist
and unionist Protestants some people on
each side still feel oppressed by the
other the war is over but the tension in
hatred is still there causing riots too
often kickoff between the two factions
rock-throwing
petrol bomb and even live rounds being
fired at the police are not unusual
around the 12 so we went to the biggest
bonfire in Northern Ireland in the heart
of Belfast loyalist community the
Shankill Road to watch the Protestants
celebrate we're in Belfast at the
runaway bonfire it's absolutely gigantic
I've never seen anything like it and
it's 12 o'clock tonight they're going to
burn it in our commemoration of the
Battle of the Boyne
the Battle of the Boyne took place over
300 years ago in Ireland and was fought
between the Protestant King William and
the catholic King James the Protestants
of today believe it's their right to
celebrate the victory of King William
and the marchers are spurned on by the
Orange Order a kind of Freemasons for
Protestants who were tasked with
protecting their religion in 1795
there's always a scare mongering of
people from the other side coming over
I'm tournament so really lock these
gates the young people have a lock for
lucky also the worried Republicans will
come and burn it
yeah there's a fear of that team right
hey that's right did you guys help build
it
who this guy so why is it saying I all
right Wow why is IRA on it like what was
the reason - that's all right
I should probably get on it so also
Paris they are a couple years
IRA periods are gonna be a little finish
yeah CFS contry keeps going away it's
gone we keep getting to the big reveal
being a Republican and what do you think
like what could their British you know
government do to help move neither do
you think they do anything that than
that they start the floors yeah
the forests are not part of British
government harsh communities just
getting hit in the groin
who put the the tricolors on it
I mean people some people argue that's
provocative like I'm guessing it you're
not in favor of big ones here you look
at their ponies what do you say Xers are
baby baby George what would you guys be
doing and if this these kind of things
were stopped because you know a lot of
people who say they don't like it I
would you know yeah
for the younger generation at least
despite the political bravado the
poverty in Belfast plays a big role in
the heyday of the city's poverty is at a
ten-year high with around eight point
one percent unemployment and roughly one
in four 18 to 24 year-olds out of work
both sides are affected by this but both
feel one receives more health in the
state than the other for the campaign
that challenges the injustice of the
brave tradition and combats the
demonization of our culture as
manifested and our parading tradition
and expressions of British attack today
we go forward together stronger let them
hope so repeat waddell protest camp
right now it's been set up by the
loyalists for over a year now to protest
the fact that the parades Commission
don't want them to march down the idling
shots which is just over here it's quite
a point of contention to when it's there
a bit why it's here Republicans are
saying that this place has cost 10
million pounds a year to police because
it's such a hot spot as a Catholic
neighborhood right over there
and here we'll the questions come to
march free with their band well in
previous years they'll fare three
platforms really wealthy to our bombs
had police officers there fire two
police officers with named millimetres
and happy weapons like ak-47s with
intention of modern police officers just
just over there just across the road
Jack trout breezeblocks and police
officers their heads at Hampton motor
and it's been quite serious Ratan do you
think this well maybe a lot of the anger
from the kids comes from maybe a part of
the poverties role it's in Belfast well
there's a lot of deprivation but that's
not the only thing knowing when you've
got a government and a pre it's
Commission here sending it a message
that a fear of violent extremists and
you threaten someone with balance I mean
you're gonna get your own way what
message does that sound and a tomorrow
say so young people say well
earth-threatening Fallon's I know get
their own way
maybe I should engage in that
much to the perhaps the younger
generation understand like the whole
culture the whole reason behind it well
it's not nearly understand even more non
we've had the removal of our country's
flag Union Jack from our City Hall
witches ins and sans the Communion and
purely once headed towards Republicans
it just seems that the police government
or of LPS
Republican champion murderers at any
cost
so we've come to the Shankill bombs by
now and already two hours before it gets
lit up and ready it's one of the
weirdest things I've ever seen like
three and four year old kids dancing
around in fire hundred-foot bonfire
looks like it's about to fall down and
shouldn't fight effigies all over it
well if this flag means to you it feels
like people in Northern Ireland the more
patriotic than people in England tonight
Oh mate
all right yeah yeah you stand out all
night
all these love okay yeah old enough to
drink
there's nearly 12 o'clock now and a few
lads climbed up to the top and what
looked like fire resistant suits and
I've just started setting fire to the
bonfire it was really very early when
the band came through and now they
started to light it everyone's kind of
calmed down and I just seen almost in
awe of this absolutely massive bonfire
yeah this is completely bizarre whilst
okay is a nice big bonfire we're in the
middle of a housing estate children
everywhere and tricolor flags are
burning into the day you can't forget
that that can we come up we come up yeah
Jay's father
Oh
what's going on in fight
the next day the Protestant March was
routed away from the cutter the cane
clave of our doing so this year with the
odds stacked against it the 12th was
relatively peaceful the troubles in
Northern Ireland officially ended in
1998 and the country has fallen from
international headlines as it
experiences relative peace for the
poverty a lack of purpose and unresolved
sectarian grievances mean the old
hatreds lie just below the surface of
this divided City ready to spark back
into action at any moment
you
