it's friday july 18 and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines dozens of
rival yemeni tribesmen have been killed
in clashes more than a week after one
group captured an important provincial
city north of the capital members of the
Shia ruthie tribe won control of Ramadan
and july eight days after a failed
ceasefire with government forces and
their Sunni tribal allies the who thiis
have fought for greater autonomy in the
country's north for years and have said
they don't intend on attacking Sanaa and
now they're promising to root out
corruption in Imran and restore peace
and security authorities in Pakistan say
they've prevented militants from
attacking the Prime Minister's home
police and intelligence officers fought
the men for more than 10 hours in an
operation in the eastern city of Lahore
a gunfight ensued after they fired
rocket-propelled grenades at police from
inside a house two officers in one
militant were killed officials say Prime
Minister Nawaz Sharif wasn't at home
during the ordeal the parents of
students at a school in southern India
are angry at the handling of an alleged
rape hundreds of parents have protested
outside the school in Bangalore where a
security guard in a gym teacher
reportedly assaulted a six-year-old girl
on july second the girl's parents only
discovered something was wrong a few
days ago after she complained of a
stomach ache police have yet to make any
arrests in the case Prime Minister
Narendra Modi has vowed a zero-tolerance
approach to gender-based crime but
violence and discrimination against
women continues to run rampant
authorities in the Peruvian capital have
burned several tons of confiscated
illegal drugs more than 18 and a half
thousand pounds of cocaine crack
marijuana and opium were incinerated in
the second drug burn in Lima this year
Peru is the world's largest producer of
cocaine and has said its air force may
soon begin shooting down planes
suspected of trafficking drugs
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world my
name is Chris under stone yet hot so my
bride to me
