daddy but if you have o kill you but not
just where how come are you later
no food watch has a day can to feed her
item been deleted Sebastian well hi mr.
Sabich about uh sure I'm handy killing
each other we head to village welcome
we wanted to see what life is like for
the Sahara is living on the Moroccan
rule in the occupied territories of
Western Sahara it's a virtual no-go area
for journalists as Morocco does an alarm
monitoring of human rights and have
enforced the media blackout but we
managed to send the vice filmmaker on
the cover we got access to a group of
young Saharawi activists who defied the
Moroccan annexation and the media
censorship by producing an underground
magazine after being in the occupied
territories for just a few days a
filmmaker suspected he was being
followed and it soon turned out that he
was sure nobody's that nice BSI with
London on our next girl no not there so
next ran her
miss Atomik c√©cile hasta la vista de la
Marina Circuit Allen movie and miss
Korres electronic was el reloj de carne
casa y por ESO de que se can say you
don't deserve em quad cursor constant
SEO boy express our miss convenience
miss prentace
lavoy a defender the abuses experienced
by sahara sand the occupied territories
can be much worse than surveillance
Saharawi protests are brutally punished
even women are beaten by the Moroccan
police and many Sahara we activists are
listed as missing persons or are
detained in places like the infamous
black prison without a proper trial
these photos show the miserable and
overcrowded conditions inside the
prisons where the detainees suffer daily
torture
well cause Mauritania yo man yo my -
lemon you can't even muster up some of
men yet so severe
you my - for sheriff money it's a survey
but had a job you need you know who
would spot - Ariane Vitali band Derek
Derek America one for you teddy bear
filo kill you but not this way
yeah well for Shara for Solana bad um
Sara every how come I'll give you later
about uh sure I'm handy - Leland another
fee - village welcome the watch has a
day can to feed her item
been 32 sabaha well ha mississauga its
how only a million more a bit drew got
pony million what we are some molasses
implemented to be as soon as Mary
Matalin a standing posture alpha
Molokini become well water and he can
mate sour had onion little girl
it's an hour--the night and healthy Lee
had had a clip that again Mach 11 woman
in me that I lifted my head for maracas
you know your master oh my their young
to say Mike can you any antenna totally
vacant eye shadow might the intention
Modi they cannot have an accounts at the
Holiday Inn a nice thick enough am I
gonna McCarthy Jeremy idea yet have said
you know I hate no move our Charlotte
Amalie terrible universe Austin Idol you
know past London they could have a cast
a linen cupboard Haney I didn't
appreciate any fading I mean in order to
get Chloe I never had the power gamma by
Sheraton a little met him in there only
flaw villains uneven to let me not have
a wonderfully balanced
it's only a tiny me know with a
phenomenal Iranian called Wanida
collaborate Canada her as powerful yet
have measurable
lucano spiral of bloodline yell and
magnets high availability at the dual
energy means if need them why never
missed an animating show a Nutella enemy
day their bites image show up on Iwo
Jima is sherry
almost 40 years on from the occupation
hundreds of thousands of Moroccan
settlers have moved to us in Sahara and
their children were born there
their presence complicates the prospect
of a free Western Sahara because the
settlers feel that they too should be
eligible to vote in a referendum on the
region's future we deliver estamos upon
table Veronica estamos en o podemos
contra la sensation not rajo-guna
solution rare mental Ben titrations para
reservoir Reverend Oh que la plancha
Karim Paris is missing
