it's thursday july seventeenth and
here's some of the news beyond the
headlines it's the harshest punishment
ever delivered for sexual harassment in
Egypt seven men have received life
sentences for attacking women in kairos
Tahrir Square Egypt only criminalized
sexual harassment last month after a
string of violent assaults placed
pressure on newly elected president
Abdel Fattah el-sisi to act a few of the
defendants were linked to attacks
reported during CeCe's inauguration in
June while other cases dated back to
celebrations of the toppling of former
president hosni mubarek mexican
authorities have rescued more than 450
children from a home for abandoned boys
and girls in the country's West police
raided the home in the city of Zamora
after hearing some of the children were
sexually abused and that the facility
was infested with vermin officials are
questioning the person who runs the home
known as la gran familia or the big
family
a soviet-era base may soon be back in
the business of spying on the US Russian
newspaper commerce on is reporting a
deal struck with Cuba to reopen the
Lourdes listening post located some 150
miles off the American coast Vladimir
Putin visited his Cuban counterpart Raul
Castro last week where he announced he'd
forgive ninety percent of Cuba's 32
billion dollar debt the concession now
appears to be linked to reopening the
facility which was the Soviet Union's
largest military outpost abroad lord is
opened after the Cuban Missile Crisis
and employed up to 3,000 staffers to
intercept american telephone and radio
signals and satellite communications
flooding a submerged one of China's most
prominent ancient towns around 120,000
people have been evacuated from inside
and around Fung Wong which sits on the
banks of a river in the central Hunan
Province the town boasts Architecture
from the Shang and Ming dynasties and is
being considered as a unesco world
heritage site check out the vice news
youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world imagine a bunch of guys with
guns come to your house in the middle of
the night to ask where your neighbor is
it be freaking terrifying this guy is a
parliamentary deputy I'd like to see one
of our senators creeping around town and
the United States doing the same thing
be insane
