when you first took the job as an
interpreter what did you think would
happen I thought that maybe the Taliban
going to be finished but they already
killed my relatives and I'm afraid that
they're going to touch me
we're in Kabul coming to meet some
interpreters some of whom have met in
Helmand spent weeks and months with some
of these guys in the worst places at the
worst times they're all saying that life
is now in danger on paper they meet all
the conditions needed to be given a visa
but none of them are getting visas no
one seems to know if that's because it's
just a messy bureaucracy and they're
getting lost in the system somehow or if
there's been some big policy decision
saying we don't want to admit that these
guys are in danger the interpreters play
an essential role during the war in
Afghanistan providing vital bridges
between foreign forces and local
communities and intelligence on the
Taliban they volunteered because they
believed we would defeat the Taliban and
rebuild their long-suffering country as
we promised to do we will not fulfill
those promises and are now withdrawing
leaving most of the interpreters who
helped us behind and now they are being
singled out as traitors and spies many
have already been hunted and killed I
tracked down an old friend who is now in
hiding we agreed to meet in a small
secluded house on the outskirts of Kabul
I am seeing for two years all I know is
that he tried to get a visa and failed
he went to Pakistan to try and get a
visa and failed I'm looking forward to
seeing him but I'm also worried about
you know what his situation is now
because he clearly wants out and he
can't get out hey buddy
got to see one here good see here you
got some hair
I spent five weeks with Soroush in
southern Afghanistan in 2010 we rinse
Englund the most violent district of
Afghanistan's most violent province US
forces would have been lost without the
help of the interpreters who spent years
on the front lines serving each new set
of troops as they rotated in and out can
you go talk to her and just let her know
that yeah I don't want the children to
be scared no you know what I mean just I
don't know what we're gonna do okay okay
she knows every magnet is so massive
it's magnetic says no I don't need
anything else just please secure my
place you know do not block you know I
know they're they're really sane cause
of everyday block shooting fighting in
there it's so hard so this is life and
Afghanistan see you were on the front
line you were in the worst place in
Afghanistan every day I I saw my friends
being injured and I saw their dead body
making friends and see their dead body
that was really ridiculous
I don't want to see anymore my friends
going to die when he when you first took
the job as an interpreter yeah like what
did you think would happen when you
finished like how did you think it would
end first I thought that maybe the
Taliban going to be finished and this
country will be become peaceful but day
by day the taliban getting an increase
and they getting powerful because of
that they're looking for me I hear they
already killed my relatives which worked
together working with ice off the
Taliban knows that they're working and
they were entered to their compounds and
kill like two weeks ago because they
were working for for the American yeah
my relatives told me that hey thrush be
careful the bad people looking for you
and please run away I'm afraid of that
day which the nate'll leave Afghanistan
the United States forces to leave
Afghanistan it means we are done they're
going to catch me they're going to
probably cut my head off probably you
know are you sorry that you chose to
take a job as an interpreter
no I proud that I work with the NATO and
the United States forces because they
done lots of good job they came from far
away to help Afghanistan rebuild
Afghanistan right now I need their help
and I wait for them but I'm sure that
the United States going to help me
because I know United States government
is not corruption but maybe it takes a
later that time your Lord oil tea is
incredible yeah I hope that they show
the same loyalty back to you awfully
it's all thank you
Thanks it's good to see you good thank
you thank you thank you
shuffling between different homes within
cobbles patchwork of neighborhoods we
met with two other former interpreters
who also serve with US forces every
interpreter I interviewed carried a
folder of documents that they protected
as if their lives depended on them this
mass of paperwork is for the special
immigrant visa program or SIV their one
and only chance to be granted safe
passage to America but even when they
have everything in place they still find
themselves being rejected or just
waiting in limbo for years there are
four conditions here and you've met all
four conditions the individual is a
national of Afghanistan
he's been employed by the US government
he provided faithful and valuable
service to the US government and he's
experienced ongoing and serious threat
each box is craft
I'm approved from the SIV got the
passport everything is done after that
they just give me this this card you
will be not reinterviews you will be
received in a several months your visa
and this is nine months ago so what
what's the problem they denied my visa
if you said to an American that you
worked for the US government provided
faithful and valuable service to the US
government and is now experiencing a
serious threat because of your work sure
I think most especially the soldiers
Marines would say he should get a visa
end of argument I and my team wish to
thank the individual for his service to
Afghanistan he's continued to support to
our team the US Army and Task Force
Phoenix that's the captain you know so
when I just work for him he's really sad
now he know the situation I told
everything about it I work for him one
year so a major in the US Army is saying
I firmly believe your work protected and
saved lives
yeah how many of the left have you got
that's when I want two three four five
six like forty forty yes the embassy
have seen it that's the embassy seen
that but still they just deny my visa
as human defense secretary yeah the
defense secretary he came motivated all
the soldiers all the terms because of
the hard work that they did we have
faced ambushes IDs I have been injured
and now that province one of the team
member worked on an IT that I was a
little far from him he died and I got
injured that injured my private part of
my body that I cannot have children now
we are living a very bad situation of
life from Kabul I cannot go anywhere not
to solve not north-east ways not where
when did they just attacked my house
that's the proof in which i have a lots
of a story this is bullet holes in your
house that was a bullet actually shot i
have the empty hole as well because of
the interpreter job if he find me he
will cut my head across cabo i met with
many interpreters all in hiding who
shared the same story almost one and a
half kilometer away from me home those
insurgents are Taliban start shooting me
in in my car then I got to the seriously
injured and my brother got killed in one
of my other villagers got killed in that
car so can you go back to your village
no it is not possible it has been like
11 years that I've been working for US
government directly in there for people
in the area I really think that I'm the
one who is telling the security forces
to search the houses and do some
operation in the area
the Taliban's around in Afghanistan but
nobody is able to recognize the skies
like they were Taliban you know I'm
facing threats not only Taliban but my
relatives about my neighbors about the
people who are around me living around
they talk like you're no longer a Muslim
and you're a anvil the Taliban they are
telling us all the time like we are the
United States spy and if being accused
of being an American spy weren't enough
people also think wrongly that the
interpreters were paid well making them
targets of Thieves they cam inside our
house and they stole everything that
trade is like you are working with the
United States and you have a lot of
money give me the money where is your
account but during the couple years the
only money we gained like it was about
$15,000 $14,000 it's not a good man for
us if you knew then what you know now
you wouldn't have taken the job no if I
knew that the coalition force leaving an
average of this job at all I lost my
destiny we are in prison in our own
country all Fridays all vacations are
holidays we stay at home so I stay all
the time at home these interpreters had
all the usual documents but amongst them
was one startling letter containing
evidence that the threats come from
everywhere and wait it was not uncommon
for some of the Afghan National Police
we trained to have ties to the Taliban
and that because of this some students
would threaten interpreters with death
for helping coalition forces that's true
the police the American trained and
funded police yes and people I think
would expect you to have threats from
the Taliban but but from from the good
guys and yeah
there's gonna ruin your image
yeah simple if the government forces
we've trained and funded who we claim
were ready to protect the Afghan people
are actually colluding with the Taliban
and threatening the interpreters then
truly the mission has failed while our
leaders will never admit this surely it
isn't too much to ask that our most
loyal allies be offered protection the
stakes couldn't be higher if I asked any
Afghan what will happen to the
interpreters after 2014
what would they say they all tell you
that none of the world we alive anymore
they have killed a lot of interpreters
everyone knows everyone
it's not like something hidden they have
they call them and videotape and put
them on YouTube
the Taliban's official spokesman Zebulon
Mujahid agreed to an interview but only
by phone what is the policy of the
Taliban towards interpreters the policy
doesn't hear how our super-monkey the
hydrogen owe him is kao they also have
support chaotically Monica waters murky
then I have one son the help of the
Power Move the part that the militant
and opposed up key Valhalla Kamala McGee
our daughters can only do something
powerful Tom's barely escaped a maneuver
Kiara Alex a Balinese even tried a guru
Maharaj earlier on Amanda he become
merciful
Thank You lamentable he look at this you
possess you
these threats are very real no one knows
how many interpreters have been killed
so far but several have been brutally
murdered on camera and used for
propaganda if you don't get visas what
will you do
borrow money give somebody to take
myself out of here to be smuggled out
yeah because I have no other way if I
sit here I can get killed but you would
leave your wife and children I will I
will leave because I see everyday the
situation day by day going to worse
because American leave Afghanistan for
the reason I told my father if you just
take care of my family and I will move
somewhere like had an interpreter I will
just escape from this country many
interpreters have already given up on
the visa process and turn to smugglers
who can get them into mainland Europe
with a fake visa but when the price is
as much as $20,000 per person the few
who managed to raise the money end up
with nothing for those who'll take any
way out they can get there are cheaper
but far more dangerous options starting
in Kabul interpreters pay smugglers to
get them into Turkey once there they pay
an additional fee for a boat trip to
Greece from Greece they then try to
sneak into Western Europe but many never
make it that far the journey is fraught
with obstacles and interpreters along
with thousands of other refugees often
get stuck along the way broke and
without official documentation they end
up living in places like this city park
in the centre of Athens it was here that
I met another ex interpreter who worked
for the US military from 2004 to 2007 he
didn't want to be identified
I find the smiler I spoke with them too
I want to go to Europe I said my wife is
jewelry you sold your wife's jewelry to
get the money for this model yes yes I
told them how my do need to arrive in
Germany they said I needed $18,000 and
told them sorry I can't find that money
he said how am I do you have right now I
told him just $8,000
he said that's look enough his $8,000
got him to Turkey where he was then
smuggled to Greece our small overloaded
boat after three months of living in the
Athens park he was told to go to Patras
where the penniless and desperate
refugees go when they have no other
chance of escape show us where you were
sleeping yeah it on the ship on the
grounds not just only me a lot of gap
people asleep it here but you stayed
you're on this on this piece of wood
yeah
and inside this small rooms here so I
put a blanket on and then plastic and
then put it down with rocks for
protection from the rain how long did
you live in these roads for sleeping
money many times in this boots yeah
they're big ones just across the street
from the shipyard was an abandoned
Mattress Factory where hundreds of
Afghan migrants used to live we wash
with our cloths over here on sometimes
ourselves we worship there yeah this is
like your shower whatever every
everything is there so yes used to be a
mattress factory there's still people
living here now yeah well he said when
he was here there were 500 Afghans
living here now on Beck's baggages
clothes belong to far less than half
dampepls the drop in the number of
refugees living here was due to a recent
government crackdown laura lots of
commandos or pullies attacking to magnet
Afghan people's to go back from the
Mattress Factory the refugees look for
opportunities to hide within commercial
trucks which they hope are heading into
Western Europe but your surf on the
track so what you try and like hide
underneath the truck yeah drives Italy
sometimes
sometimes on the wheels sounds dangerous
yeah it is dangerous too many people's
will dead and the driver doesn't no no
no no no no if they know I'm they called
police many times the police catch me
and take me out from the tracks and they
had me okay to my house the refugees are
deported sent to prison or if they're
lucky managed to escape Greece and get
into more welcoming countries like
Sweden or Germany Mohammed and Aziz also
fled to Greece from Afghanistan but they
were caught and sent to a detention
center for 18 months what was 18 months
like in when you were in prison
it wasn't later it was it very bad
situation
is it a prison or is it a detention
centre for illegal immigrants it's come
it's a morbid imprison because this
reason have some possibility but they're
no they don't give you good food they
say we cannot we don't know possibility
nothing nothing
you know when they catch me I was in the
prison about two months my family don't
know nothing about me after two months I
had possibility to take my mobile I call
them and they say where are you
are you alive I said yes
when they released they were given
asylum and this is my political asylum
you know you have paper and they release
us from the prison but now we don't have
planes for stay you don't have bread for
eating we don't have money to go
somewhere we don't have money to take
good ticket for a bus when I'm finally
we find this place and we come here they
now live with three other Afghans in a
section of Athens made up predominantly
of recent immigrants this means constant
harassment by locals the police and
members of the far-right Golden Dawn who
blame immigration for Greece's economic
woes five people living here five people
sleeping here yeah and then this is the
bottom yes yes I don't have one well no
one waters off yeah different day I
washing my body but i smother you've no
fridge hmm so there's no milk no eggs
lamb so all the money you earn when you
were interpreters is gone
believe me it's down in zero it's making
me crazy many times we think here we
sleep yeah who tell was our life and how
is now and you're in this situation
because you worked with the foreign
forces did you ask them to help you no I
didn't have time to do that because they
shoot me with the gun
they attacks with the Taliban because I
recognize you the new year interpreter
yeah because they're warning me they
gave me warning many many times they
tell me to help them
you're Muslim your question you must
help us you must give me your car with
your card because with my car I go to
the camp of Americans with the card and
they told me we pay for your car and for
your car give us and I understand they
use bats for bad things yeah I said I
cannot do that I said if you do
that you will have problem
zees his car with his security pass
could have been used to an attack within
an American base this loyalty didn't
help him get a visa to the US but it did
make him a target for the Taliban of the
tens of thousands who have worked for
the US in the past decade there is no
evidence that a single one has aided the
Taliban in any so-called insider attack
how do you feel now towards America
because you you helped them when they
asked for help and now you need help and
you are in my situation what do you
think yeah I would feel betrayed yes I
think my life is finished you've had a
lot of serious hardship how do you feel
now about your decision to work with the
Americans no more no more wants who
helped Americans the promise funny
things with the Afghan people there lads
I request for another Afghan people sue
please don't help Americans don't work
with Americans
a minority of interpreters so far less
than 30% of those applying have been
granted visas but often only after
extraordinary efforts by American
veterans who took an individual case
into their own hands this is beef ah and
then I'm here I'll just I'll tell you
when you when you can't eat like that's
got pork in it she can't do bad they
have your wings too so don't worry about
it okay all right yeah I knew that's
what you wanted wait so I'm insisting
you try burnt ends oh all right but just
small piece you can have a bite that's
fine you're gonna love it now you're
gonna want the whole thing I guarantee
you all right Army veteran Matt Zeller
fought years of red tape to bring an
Afghan translator to the United States
he says that Janosch and wari saved his
life on the battlefield the trip to the
US was made possible because of senators
John McCain and jeanne Shaheen I met
Janis first week I got in Afghanistan I
didn't realize like a week later he'd be
saving my life just mortar round hit and
that maybe two three meters away from me
to set me flying into this this ditch I
turn and a channeis and he's just shot
and killed these two taliban fighters
who were creeping up from behind me to
get me if he hadn't been there I'd be
dead and I looked at him I said brother
I promise you I'm gonna do whatever it
takes to repay this debt I'm going to
get you to America Janis his actions
made him infamous in Afghanistan and a
highly symbolic target for the Taliban
and it's all
to the Taliban unit listen my picture if
you see me in Ghazni city or everywhere
they should kill me put together his
visa packet we get it all arranged we
submitted to the State Department and
both he and I thought it might take you
know a couple of months at the most
how long did it take to get the visa
three years I've sitting around waiting
it with no response whatsoever other
than what we're still looking into it
forget that that that he's been fighting
for us for seven years and saved my life
in the lives of four other US soldiers
and has been the personal interpreter
for 12 US senators that apparently isn't
good enough they actually had to dot all
their eyes and cross their T's and make
sure beyond any shade of a doubt that
he's not a bad guy the only reason that
he even was eventually given his visa is
because we took it to the press and made
a stake and the State Department was
looking embarrassed by the fact that
they had been sitting on this guy's
paperwork for three years without coming
to a decision Matt says the media storm
he kicked up can't be replicated and yet
there are still thousands of
interpreters who have been waiting even
longer than three years to get a visa
because of the attention that Matt and
Janis received they are now contacted
regularly by other interpreters who need
help like a Jammu who had just arrived
he had fled suddenly because the Taliban
knew he'd been granted a visa and
promised they would not let him leave
Afghanistan alive he was homeless and
was sleeping for now on the dining-room
floor of a soldier he had worked with do
you have any idea how the Taliban found
out that you were given a visa they know
that where you work I got a call that I
know that you got your visa I will not
let you to go ahead and I didn't even
say goodbye to my close friends yeah
because I don't I don't trust exactly
because of those threats he borrowed
money from friends and family and bought
tickets on the next flight out while we
were sitting and talking to Admiral he
received an email from the US government
thank you for confirming that you have
arrived to the United States in order to
qualify for deported resettlement
benefits as every recipient must arrive
to the US on and arrange flights as you
arrive to us on your own flight you are
no longer eligible for department of the
state
settlement benefits as such your case
has been closed sorry Donna what my rent
laughs yes yes we know equals exact it's
another make it back it's stupid right
you left for that applying for refugee
resettlement benefits because the
Taliban you were afraid was gonna kill
you let's see if we can get your
benefits back first I mean it's the
first thing we have to you should
normally we can give the IRC that help
you out they get provide housing to pay
for it and some money let's do that and
we're gonna take care of you right every
month that's you took care of us when we
were in your country so this is our way
of saying thanks you're not gonna be
homeless you're safe now
welcome to your new home thank you Matt
Zeller and these Afghan interpreters
provided Admiral with a home a bed and
some money to get him and his family
started far more help than he got from
the US government the interpreters also
have allies in New York I wrap the Iraqi
refugee assistance project our four
lawyers and a network of law students
who work pro bono for Iraqis and now
Afghans seeking refuge from the dangers
they face because of their alliances
with America when was the first time you
were threatened 2007 was the first time
they're connected to Taliban well the
number now like roughly what proportion
of people who apply are actually getting
the visas since the end of 2013
less than 20% of the visas available up
until that point had been issued this
might be a stupid question but why not
just have a program where everyone who
deserves a visa gets a visa I I think
it's not a stupid question and that it's
a question that needs to be asked I
think there's a lot of bureaucracy built
up and that you know to get through
bureaucracy you need people who are
really willing to make something a
priority and that our government has not
made this a priority
we're not allocating the resources
necessary to get this done in time to
save people's lives I mean you're
looking at it you know and what you mean
you you fool sure
I mean it's mind boggling that no one's
really come up with a good reason why
these guys shouldn't be given visas
immediately and yet no its death by a
thousand bureaucratic paper cuts a lot
of the background checks
of happens stateside and it's divvied up
amongst all the agencies that have a
part to play in intelligence gathering
and none of those agencies have any
incentive to click YES on their part to
play in the background check process and
DoD doesn't consider interpreters to be
veterans so the Department of Defense
has largely declined to be involved in
this
well yeah every single veteran I've ever
met would say these guys were probably
the most essential tool yeah and how'd
you feel just personally like working on
these cases every day as Americans
knowing this is how allies of America
are being treated it is really hard I
mean when you're talking to these guys
on the phone and you're getting their
stories and they've worked for the US
for nine or ten years and you're
listening to everything they've gone
through you know they might have
suffered my ID or been shot or their
family might have been attacked and
you're listening to the story and also
new here they've had one polygraph
failure test and you know right then
that's almost an insurmountable obstacle
to get over to actually receive an S IV
it's really hard to know what to say to
them Republican congressman Adam
Kinzinger is himself an Air Force
veteran of both the Iraq and Afghanistan
wars he's part of a small bipartisan
group of senators and congressmen who
have come together to improve the
legislation for interpreters if an
American was stuck abroad somewhere
facing a serious threat and there was a
very complex set of paperwork needed to
be filled out to get them back what do
you think would happen we would move
heaven and earth to bring him back
that's the one thing about America as
America never leaves Americans behind
and so when it comes to the folks who do
interpreting who have fought with
American soldiers they may not
technically be Americans but they've put
their blood on the lines with their
American brothers and sisters in a fight
and so I think we ought to be moving
heaven and earth to bring them here to
never to put down the contribution of
anybody the fights but the contribution
of translators in some cases even beyond
because they put their family and harms
away - the reality is they've already
proven their mettle you know they've
already proven their loyalty their
allegiance many of them have been under
fire I couldn't mad
being promised something and then
finding out that it's very difficult to
achieve but still of the people of the
Afghans applying for a visa roughly 20%
only I've actually got the visas do you
know why the number is is so low I think
some of it is they have to go through
background checks to ensure that you
know somebody's not using the
opportunity to be a translator to find
themselves to come into the United
States and cause greater harm along
lines of 9/11 or something like that but
we've never had one single incident of
somebody coming over that had been
involved with American forces it has
turned into a terrorist you can look at
the partisan fights out here in
Washington DC and there's plenty of them
they're all over the place
but when it comes to this and the idea
of America's commitment to people that
have fought with us you could be against
the war you could be for the war it
doesn't matter
Republican Democrat left and right
agrees that we ought to follow through
on our promises two months after we
filmed this interview new legislation
was proposed which would expand and
improve the SIV program making it easier
for interpreters to get visas Matt
Zeller and the I rep lawyers were
heavily involved in drafting this new
legislation without an extension of the
program our failure to help those who
helped us remain a dark spot on our
reputation abroad and hinder our ability
to obtain cooperation in the future
every day around the world in military
and diplomatic and development
situations we have foreign nationals who
are part of our team and they need to
know that they can rely on us if the
situation demands
yeah hi I commend you on all the changes
the law introduced today and I just was
recently Afghanistan and interviewed a
number of interpreters who meet all the
conditions to get visas but they're
waiting three four five years in many
cases I just wondered why you think it's
taking so long what could be done to
speed the process up because obviously
as you all know people will die if it's
the slows is now it's not without
challenges people are burdened they're
under resourced and this is the easiest
thing but I think focusing it attention
focusing Authority break the logic the
work goes on and with your house we'll
get this legislation free and it's
incremental not enough but it's a start
and at least in something if this law
passes the number of visas that are
gonna be available are just gonna
skyrocket and this process will be
streamlined and hopefully you know
within a year's time frame two years
time frame will have gotten the majority
of the folks out of the country I mean
that's the goal and that's what they
standard that I'm gonna hold them to but
just a few weeks after the press
conference in DC bickering amongst the
Republican House leadership manole edge'
Slayton regarding immigration was
introduced the current program runs out
in September of this year so thousands
of interpreters will soon have no chance
of getting a visa and will be left to
the mercy of the Taliban
Matt and Janet's called their friend one
of the interpreters are interviewed in
Cabo who was still in hiding and he had
some bad news
hey brother how are you yes sir
Salam alaikum hey what's up Chavez is
Hamas be allakum assalaam o we don't
have the electricity and it's a little
bit dark here is that sub banister for
during the lecture use the small lights
like this but yeah in a week we doesn't
have the electricity no situation that's
a very bad situation there is no income
sir but the reason I just went to
outside like a taxi driving and also
just going outside taxi these were
things that as a taxi driver the taxi
driver yeah so he's visible because I
need it now
yeah I guess I need to work I cannot
stay at home because there's no income
I'd have a big family I have a three
daughters my wife that's incredible he's
um he's not hiding anymore I mean at
some point you have to do what I need to
do to take care your family and then a
startling announcement last night I
didn't receive a car no rezidentura
badges released many many after at the
prisoners from Bagram we Incheon Asian
duo and guys maybe arrest a lot
something did he say that like cause I
just released a bunch of Taliban
prisoners did you say that you guys had
a role in arresting oh yeah oh yeah I
mean who do you think they're gonna
remember first interpreters yeah they're
not gonna remember the American who they
know they can't get back up they're
gonna remember their fellows their
fellow Afghan who is standing there next
to a guy like me who helped put them in
prison
nothing new security realistic I don't
know what's gonna I don't know what what
we have I don't actually know soon we
will it will be son
I can only say on behalf of my country
and everybody you ever worked with I'm
sorry what we're doing is entirely wrong
it's reprehensible it's a disgrace it's
an embarrassment and it's something I am
profoundly profoundly upset about and I
promise you I am NOT gonna stop fighting
for you until we get this resolved I
really appreciate from you sir you did
your job actually you've done so much
for our country you deserve to be
sitting here with Janice and I as an
American I'm sorry that we are not
upholding our end of the bargain
I really am ah crap
that's it
