so we just we just left Gaza about half
an hour ago hard a few Boom Boom's while
we were crossing the border hearing some
more now as you can see above us that
red alert just went up a few rockets got
launched it looks like they got
intercepted but that's pretty much how
it goes here all day
so we were just driving we saw smoke on
the side of the road we walked over here
it's just hitting kyboots and this is
sort of the impact that they have so
this is an app and everyone in this part
of Israel has it's cold wet alert and
basically it just gives you a warning
when a rocket is fired you've got 15
seconds to seek shelter basically over
in this area and the guys over my
shoulder are the Israeli
telecommunications forces that basically
are the ones who put these alerts out
and are monitoring the situation to let
people know when they've gotta seek
shelter I went to see one of Israel's
missile defense batteries a part of its
Iron Dome rocket interception system
since 2011 it's significantly reduced
the threat of rocket attacks from Gaza
the Israeli Defense Forces claim a 90%
success rate when it's deployed as you
can see there's cars sort of coming in
and out of here
people come to watch the Iron Dome
people come to bring the soldiers food
are their cleaning supplies things of
that nature to take care of them and
what they've all told this is that this
is really really a game changer here and
they're really proud of it it's hard
always to hear the sirens and wake up in
the morning in the night and to see all
the shootings but safe and we need to
breathe in food because they don't have
much so it's like this is like an
organized thing for you guys yeah
everyone on Facebook asked like for
stuff they need milk right now so I
bought the yoke this is your way of
showing support yeah
Aashish Falak yeah you tell us why
you're here why you came to see this how
do you feel about what's going on right
now in Gaza with all this happening
and if they call up you and your friends
that go inside for a ground invasion is
that something that you guys want to do
isn't something you feel is necessary
yeah I spoke with major Rea Shelley car
a spokesman for the Israeli Defense
Forces
hi Danny how are you good nice to see ya
we already intercepted about 120 during
3 days which were launched towards major
cities one of these rockets hitting one
house here I don't know what would
happen
tens of killed Israelis unthinkable how
active have these been right here pretty
active I've been here yesterday and I
saw myself a few interceptions in the
air it's scary it's a scary situation
you guys are launching a lot of heavy
attacks on Gaza I mean we've been there
the past few days there's lots of
civilians getting caught in the
crossfire they have launched over 500
600 rockets during the last three four
four days right now five million
Israelis under threat under terror
attack five million Israelis more than
half of the population imagine 160
million Americans wouldn't go out of the
apartment right now my mother and
sisters they live in Ashdod the next
city since five days they don't leave
their apartment they don't want to not
even one meter they're scared I mean
it's the same thing though in Gaza and
we have it we had a situation there
where I know yeah the IDF has admit it
was a mistake but you know you had one
strike there that killed more civilians
than they've done in all his rocket
launches so far let me tell you 120
interceptions above major cities imagine
we wouldn't have this Iron Dome we are a
a country protecting our people we do
our utmost and when we attack we try to
not harm civilians again the only side
who cares for their civilians is our
side Hamas they celebrate on the streets
when they have casualties they put them
in the internet they
pay about it we are not happy about it
look at me Palestinian dad Israeli dad
is the same for me we don't want
uninvolved people to be killed that's
the main difference between them and us
Lupo vanilla symmetrically Inlet acclaim
cohort - hi - Karim Chavez are the Shema
Israel in a fair share Aloha Monsieur
so we've just arrived in Ashdod it's one
of the closest big cities towards Gaza
and over the past week dozens of Rockets
have been fired here that's not really a
new thing there's sort of under constant
threat here it's not normally as intense
but it does happen so we're gonna go
talk to some of the regular people here
spend some time with them and see how
this affects their lives a local family
invited us to Friday night dinner hi hey
how are you Danny nice to meet you
however things been in the past few days
so where do I go for eating and then the
siren sound okay how many times did you
have to run down here yesterday we need
five to five or six times and today a
little easier or three of us normally go
down normally stay with my son he
doesn't want to go down mm-hmm when
there is Tarun so he stays a bit because
normally sleeps during the day and so I
joined him to his room I don't know if
it's wise or not I don't want to leave
him alone yeah so I just stay with him
until it's all finished until I go back
and he stayed between five to ten
minutes and then you go back up but if
he's sleeping he just stays there and
you go jump in his bed with him hug him
in like wow this building got one
mission really yesterday wait like it
was very small one or roughing neither
in Ashdod that was something like 20 20
20 very
so anyone do you ever get used to it we
don't afraid but it we don't they
underestimated hey Danny feels weird
sitting in LA so we toast to peace so
we're here right now and I still with
the Zilker family having Shabbat dinner
Gaza is about 20 miles away this city
has been the site of constant rocket
attacks and well you know it's a bit
different than it was for us last night
in Gaza City
you know the conflict is still here the
family here has had to run into their
bomb shelter which is downstairs
sporadically over the past few days and
they don't think it's gonna hang anytime
soon you had these three kids that were
kidnapped what was the feeling then when
you guys are reading about this
these kids were missing yeah
the revenge killing I think it was
mohammad abu ha there has provoked a lot
of questions when Israelis took it upon
themselves to go and kill this 16 year
old innocent boy people here were
disgusted by it not only that the people
who were arrested and were put in prison
that hasn't happened yet
on the other side so does this sort of
stuff does it make you want to move away
from here so just in desert stars are
happening right now um we're going down
to the souther yeah yeah
yeah he's shaking huh this is good it's
hard sometimes when you have you know
teenagers to get a lot of family time
together can make the most of it right
now so this is the updates right here
that we got on the on the Red Alert
there's been three in the past two
minutes I think the people who are very
lucky to the Iron Dome works so well
because these are there's a lot of
rockets and if these were we're hitting
there would most likely be a lot of
casualties maybe it's not on the scales
Gaza but but this isn't easy for anyone
on either side thank you
we thought the night was over but on the
way back to our hotel we heard the
sirens once again you can see all the
cars pulled off the road on the highway
so easy to enjoy sought shelter by this
wall we heard a boom and sounded
relatively close we don't see much else
but you know just get back in your car
to keep going
