call centers are the places where people
that get deported go because they use
their language you know it's it's all
English we speak nothing but English
there
I miss John from smart energy advocates
a reason for equality is we're helping
homeowners in the area to reduce the
religious bills my name is Raul Barroso
Mendoza just reported in April of 2004
indefinitely I was a legal resident I
thought I was American I didn't think
that I could be deported I had no idea
so I lived with that thought in my head
and when I got here yeah I was shocked
la vela
los nopales I Abajo s was que soy
Mexicano el sure as southern United
assign a significant su de california
los votos tattoo ah hey Melo's estaba
poniendo conforme el tiempo que vão
pasando uno en la prisión quisiera
quitar menos da de da de acuerdo cuando
mis hijos la cara neutrally token
esteban chiquitos day
remember Evora see Korean mellows hell
Sugano say Warren no say Warren when
when I first got here to TJ I worked in
a call center because it was the only
place that opened their doors to me
they lured all offered me an opportunity
also and I jumped on board with them and
with them for three years and I would
say at least 99% of the people working
there are our deportees you know I was
reported out approximately like eight
years ago I was in the Marine Corps I'm
a veteran right now I'm here in Mexico
trying to get back to the States
I was deported because of minor crimes
as so many of them that I finally got
deported I've been in this call center
for about three weeks and I've been
working call centers here since six
years ago and yes I would like to go
back I mean definitely happy deported
from the United States the
aggravated son I prefer living in the
United States no it's hard here when
resort accompli customer and numeral
personas the Portales que trabajan in
call center porque esto es tres Rita
complicado a steamer as numeral personas
total que trabajan call center somebody
Asti enters and means he probably meant
a I'm banging is a rangoli Tristian
toaster siento cincuenta meal another
lesson upon call centers to the ammos
trabajadores ubi kados in Monterrey en
la ciudad de mexico en tijuana en el
transporte la investigación nos vemos
puente de que los call center sobre todo
tipo de monterrey una parte del del
personal empleado Aaron personas de
Portales there was a snafu news
well telemarketing is a great way of
getting through to people especially
homeowners it's disruptive marketing
TJ has really the right business
environment for having a call center it
has a huge influx of folks who are being
deported right now from the US and what
we get are folks who are bilingual but
more importantly I think bicultural so
this is before I died one and it what it
does is it talks about purpose some
people want something visible like the
Jeep Patriot I said people want to
travel go to Italy
gonna be a good dad some people treated
very casually some people are very
serious about it but I think it strikes
at the underpinnings of who we are which
is you have to have a purpose
I think about two-thirds to 75% of the
people who are deported are deported for
minor violations like running a stop
sign or a stop light so even though they
have had involvement with law
enforcement they're not violent
criminals they're more caught up in a
political process that maybe in the past
wouldn't have had them deported but now
does I see their situation being out of
their control and that they have they
have to start their lives over again and
they need an opportunity
sabemos si mas o menos las chief
resident ADO's Monte I wanna say
calculatus in Alden open serve say
sentiment
pero evident a meant a solo una pequeña
parte de dez a gran cantidad de por
todos pour our went a tingle eyes
directly see toes we Ramos PA nose
constantly the entry-level salary is
very competitive but it's not meant to
sustain someone forever we have folks
that come in and start it I don't know
maybe fourteen hundred pesos a week
that's a base salary and then we have
folks that have worked their way up and
make more than twenty thousand pesos a
week that's how we approach pay every
time to get it sell or they hit a
jackpot that's when the bell goes off
only jackpots they depict it 50 pesos
for their commissions and they get our
15 pesos on top of that that's all for
today's motivational game
all these guys gonna be walking at it
along with all these chips home
everybody goes home with money in their
pockets at the end of the day right here
at all
bother me your glasses that I offer an
affirmative estar aquí lo me listen to
listen Wendy say no Senor you know that
very much it's very important for me to
attend the classes I attend in church on
Sundays we leave early in the morning
it's not just on Sundays that I go to
church but it's pretty much my lifestyle
that I have now
the first crime while I was incarcerated
was for possession of cocaine in 1992
was my first time I was deported I went
back and I was still doing the same
things using the drugs and I got caught
up again and got got arrested for
hanging out with the wrong crowd and
went to prison this time it was for 97
months ended up here in Mexico again in
April of 2 of 2004 and I've been here
ever since since then
dig a Kia Mexico and Abril del dos mil
cuatro rajulio nosecone ASIMO's door
until tiempo que su emos sweet Moses at
the needles and imprecision feather our
do you get iguana dos semanas antes de
que llegar al and macaws o it what kind
of Castle Raul was familiar as a vampire
cuando los pequeños intone say no so
true yeah vamos decir Taman eran los
suitabie ahmo's ya vamos adaptable
tracker to Renato's decimos en otra
cultura entonces pono venimos aqui
estamos en una cultura totalmente days
conocida pero gracias adios estoy aqui
todavía es que lo me perdí and listen
group opened up on me and the wanna and
tamale person forest no I
muchas opportunism player lo cual as a
mask reveal a situation where was a
porta dos y para su la Frontera if I had
the opportunity to return to the United
States I probably would return if I
could do it legally
because there's consequences to pay I
have a wife now I have children here I
have a great job you know working in a
call center where I can use my language
skills there I do miss my family that I
still have in the US you know but as
I've been here you know growing
accustomed to the culture here you know
I this is it's part of my life also you
know it's part of me
you
