a lot of our people our young nation are
leaving to find their place and they
weren't ready for our people rival gang
pull the gun around me stuck in my face
talking to my kids mom's face I didn't
care mine he loaded he cocked it I
wrestled it from when and Charlotte was
like I'll put it so in their minds I
think they're forming a brotherhood of
like-minded people people that all feel
disadvantaged and outcasts or the
outside of society and they decided they
were going to take theirs
Winnipeg is the capital city of Manitoba
Canada it's a prairie city with a
population just under a hundred thousand
about ten percent of which are of
Aboriginal descent in addition to having
the largest urban Aboriginal population
in the country when a peg is also known
for something else it's been Canada's
murder capital 16 times since 1981
officers showed off today a huge haul of
guns and drugs and the source of the
majority of this crime isn't exactly
something that people would expect in
the middle of Canada Aboriginal street
gangs the only thing I ever wanted to be
you know I mean chuckles only hate is
when one of my first being in you know
so there was no other way then the gang
with their kids and what part of that
did you look at and say like yeah I want
that belonging money first belong in the
woman gangs like the Manitoba Warriors
Indian Posse a native syndicate are the
most infamous of Winnipeg's 35 active
gangs only you step up first gun
fight you know in the way they with
you so that's what I did I just
oh man all that you know it was in
it being stab you up after you
know so think twice bullfight mean you
know I may be a little guy but you know
think twice about trying to muscle me
think twice for trying to tell me
something and think twice for try that
take something in mind
I think twice for trying to talk to me
like I'm a punk you know any weakness
you know I'll stab yourself
nationally we have the reputation of
being the murder crime capital of Canada
and violent crime capital a lot of
people refer to Winnipeg as murder pig
we met up with James jewel a former
Winnipeg police officer
he served 25 years on the force and
eight years in homicide first someone
who's never heard about Aboriginal gang
violence in Winnipeg how would you
explain what's going on in the city to
them when I started policing in 1987
Winnipeg we really didn't have
Aboriginal street gangs and there was an
evolution that took place with the
yellow motorcycle gangs they needed to
build relationships with people to do
their dirty work for them to push their
drugs and move their drugs so doing the
gangs heavy lifting they were always
looking for someone to step in and play
those roles to to insulate themselves
from law enforcement and when it came to
a lot of these Aboriginal kids they came
from disadvantaged homes and the
opportunity to make fast money real
money appeal to a lot of them and the
level of violence that they were using
was escalating and and really waking us
up to the reality that Winnipeg had a
gang problem and why does it seem like
there's so many First Nations and m√©tis
members engaged in creating their own
Aboriginal specific gangs in the city a
common denominator I think that they
would have is poverty the gang makes a
lot of promises and they promise money
they promised employment by virtue of
drug trafficking they promise
Brotherhood respect love all these
things that the gang promises to these
kids that don't get it in their lives
and in reality all of those things are
false promises
as with most of the Americas the land
that's now Canada was once inhabited by
a number of Aboriginal tribes when
Britain colonized Canada irreversible
conflicts and divides were created
between those native to the land and
newcomers and it's this fallout from
colonization that many believe is the
root of the wide range of issues that
Aboriginal people face in Canada today
we went to the sagging First Nations
reserve outside of the city to meet with
an elder and community teacher named
Eric Christian my father they listened
to his stories they were independent
they had independent thinking they
didn't rely on anybody to to feed them
at themselves they looked after
themselves in it and they did it from
the land so what ended up happening was
that the government kind of created this
dependency right when they forced our
people onto this reserve in addition to
essentially imprisoning Aboriginal
people on reserves Canada also
systematically tried to strip them of
their culture and way of life with the
creation of what we're known as
residential schools Indian Residential
schools were created as early as 1840
and by 1884 attendance was mandatory for
all Aboriginal people under the age of
16 large numbers of Aboriginal peoples
children were forcibly seized by the
government and and in my opinion
incarcerated in residential schools
where they were told that to be an
Indian was bad and were prohibited from
speaking their language or practicing
their cultural beliefs separated from
their families we did this deliberately
Canada did this deliberately to try to
eliminate Indians to try to get rid of
Indian nests to kill the Indian in a
child as one Ottawa bureaucrat put it
in the 1960s Manitoba's hydroelectric
projects flooded and devastated the
traditional hunting and fishing grounds
of Aboriginal people that forced them to
move in droves from the reserves to the
city many of them arrived without job
skills and settled in the poorest most
dangerous neighborhoods my mom was in
residential school at the age of four up
until she was 16 then she ran away from
there
Bonnie's mother was one of the more than
150,000 children who were forced to
attend residential school while she was
in residential school she was abused
like physically mentally emotionally was
loved to speak her language what would
happen if she spoke her language should
we get beaten with a ruler or with are
they chopped off all her hair so then
when she was out raising us kids she
became an alcoholic she didn't know how
to deal with her abuse and then all the
abuse she went through she would have
used us children leave and then I grew
up like that like not abusing my kids
but I became an alcoholic a drug addict
I joined a gang because that's where I
found like security and I'm probably
identity like you had no idea about I
didn't know who I was and and how have
you seen that you know impact your son
for example look at him no he's only
gained
the north end Winnipeg's infamous
inner-city neighborhood is where Bonnie
son David grew up we met up with him and
his friend Ian both of them have been in
gangs for most of their lives we were
really bad car thief's in the city was a
notorious car thief hear us to a high
ranking yeah like they were on us every
day like you said this was fun we would
park like 10 cars it's chilling like
this it's on the side it'll be a whole
whole group of us take about ten cars
and we'll just smash them up crash into
each other just for fun months just we
didn't give a uh-huh and like how
do you you know like how do you go from
like stealing cars to like being
affiliated with a crew like we were
always affiliated we started our own as
kids and everybody that was close when
we were younger we started our own we
just went from and gradually we moved on
to a different gang as we got older
bigger gang yet yeah what was the gang
you're anywhere near your kids the ones
you started Oh money over bitches
whatever bitches huh and would you guys
join after mental wars yeah yeah why did
you start a crew when you were kid dude
where is that even a thought in your
head is that something you just just did
one born into it - yeah just everything
you seen growing up huh
like I said my mom was affiliated with
the words when I was younger and my dad
was in the epoxy and my daughter was at
the los Bravos yeah sorry just went on
from there
so like when you were you know growing
up going from starting your own career
to being a part of Manitoba Warriors
like what was were you making a lot of
money is that what you want it like
what's the you know what's one of the
big reasons that you'd be in a mourning
here
yes all moaning I 16 years old I own
four cars
dirtbike side quad ride everything ya
know if teen is the gold chains coal
raceless rings and that ring on every
finger cars and down though the chain
and seem like after a while you get sick
of all that you know yeah you grow out
of that right there cuz you were
just so fascinated by it as a kid
now you just started to realize them
it's all heat no tracks attention so
like growing up like you know what was
that like liked was there get to fend
for yourself you have to look after
yourself promotion table yeah I was just
almost paying my mother's bills like 13
14 because she was so inviting for drug
habit like I pretty much raised my
younger ones to a point tell they were
old enough to take care of them so so
was that normal with most dear friends
like mr. dad most of us were we were
like that we were providers that's why
we did what we did
yeah because our parents weren't capable
of doing
what do you make of how some of these
gangs are co-opting identity and their
crew so for example they have names like
Indian posse native syndicate Manitoba
Warriors trying to take their culture
and creating it into something different
historically as part of our nation there
is a process in life where we all are
warriors and we become warriors for for
the people that teaching that being a
warrior hasn't left our people but it
but it's coming up within our young
people because they form these
relationship gains
unfortunately it's built upon some part
of our family networks that were damaged
but it all comes down to identity but
lots of our people are hungry for is
that identity in that drug life gang
like that's there two experts say that
continuing high dropout rates and little
Economic Opportunity means that
membership in gangs for Aboriginal youth
could double in the next ten years the
age structure of the Aboriginal
population is much much younger than the
age structure of the population at large
and it's growing more rapidly and so the
factory in which the street gang guys
are being manufactured that factory just
keeps getting bigger and bigger and the
kinds of things that are being done now
to try to address the problem are futile
as a society we're simply not prepared
to deal with the source of the problem
and the source of the problem is the
severe racialized poverty that we allow
to continue to exist it will continue to
be violent young people will continue to
kill other young people they'll continue
to be incarcerated this story will just
go on and on and on unless somebody who
decides to take some serious action
dealing with the roots or
the problem despite only making up 3
percent of Canada's population about a
quarter of incarcerated men are
Aboriginal David served five years at
Stony Mountain penitentiary there he
only became more involved with the
Manitoba Warriors so where are we right
now we're at I was throwing impenitent
she this is where I did my five-year
sentence here yeah and what did you do
while you were at Stoney you're telling
me about how you made money and stuff
like that there's a lot of drug activity
I made a lot of money in there I did
what I had to do surviving there yeah
but it also helping who I was with the
crew and so but anyway this is where I
did my five years for bow shooting that
guy I feel like you know the reason why
Canada has prisons as you know the idea
is you go in there you do your time you
think come out as a you know better
person you're not gonna be affiliated
anymore do you think that's true you
know you actually go in there learning a
lot more than what you knew before oh
yeah it's not your place where you
Realty yourself some people I guess do
but a lot of it is just playing the
system to get out of it
Aboriginal culture identity like does
that it all play into gang culture and
Winnipeg no no
was this you know for the select few
like we do take interest in our culture
or not and we do learn to ceremonies and
everything but other than that we just
go that's not gonna necessarily keep you
away no no
because none of that's gonna solve the
poverty issue or the fact that you
haven't had nothing to eat today or I
can go sit in a pack shark or something
sell some drugs make a park full of cash
and I go I got my new clothes new shoes
stuff my mom's not giving me a like
that what do you think could could be
done to and gang culture in Winnipeg
I'll never end
plain and simple or whatever then never
form any gang culture has become the
only culture they know oh my let's take
care of me my bonuses on follow nobody
knows I don't want to be like me what I
don't really know how to show
any difference you know one's kind of
heartless you know it's Lisa focus focus
on my skin but you know it's the way I
talk it's the so my friends you
know I mean my kids uncles are all
 all my bros are off up you can
gang members you know what I mean like
that scares me in a way because I don't
know
got to teach my son right from wrong
because myself don't know right from
wrong you know what I mean I thought it
myself I don't even know what I do but I
don't even though I don't want to show
my boy I wear like my boy still gonna
know what's up I ain't no what I am is
you know is you notice how we do it here
Canada's succeeded in mostly destroying
the cultural traditions and identity of
Aboriginal people and the legacy of
colonization has only replaced them with
inner-city poverty and violence with the
last residential school closing in 1996
the memory of segregation is still fresh
in their minds and unless the government
does something to address the racialized
poverty in urban settings gang culture
and Winnipeg will continue to erode the
Aboriginal community from within
