hello no Rula this is Lara calling good
how are you doing it's great to hear
from you too you said that you worked
for the US Army in Afghanistan for 11
years is that right when was the first
time you were threatened 2007 was the
first time they're connected to Taliban
a minority of interpreters so far less
than 30% of those applying have been
granted visas but often only after
extraordinary efforts by American
veterans who took an individual case
into their own hands this is beef and
then I'm here I'll just I'll tell you
when you when you can't eat it like
that's got pork in it so you can't do
bad they have your wings too so don't
worry about it
yeah I knew that's what you want to wait
so I'm insisting you try burnt ends
though all right but just small piece
you can have a bite that's fine you're
gonna love it now you're gonna let the
whole thing I guarantee you all right
army veteran Matt Zeller fought years of
red tape to bring an Afghan translator
to the United States he says that
Janosch and wari saved his life on the
battlefield the trip to the u.s. was
made possible because of senators John
McCain and jeanne Shaheen I met Janis
first week I got in Afghanistan
I didn't realize like a week later he'd
be saving my life
there's more to round hit and about
maybe 2-3 meters away from you to sent
me flying into this this ditch I turn
and a channeis and he's just shot and
killed these two Taliban fighters who
were creeping up from behind me to get
me if he hadn't been there I'd be dead
and I looked at him I said brother I
promise you I'm gonna do whatever it
takes to repay this debt I'm going to
get you to America
Genisys actions made him infamous in
Afghanistan and a highly symbolic target
for the Taliban to the old Taliban unit
listen my picture if they see me in
Ghazni city or everywhere they should
kill me put together his visa packet we
get it all arranged and we submitted to
the State Department and both he and I
thought it might take you know a couple
of months at the most
how long did it take to get the visa
three years I've sitting around waiting
getting with no response whatsoever
other than what we're still looking into
it
forgive the thought that he had been
fighting for us for seven years and
saved my life and the lives of four
other US soldiers and has been the
personal interpreter for 12 US senators
that apparently isn't good enough they
actually had to dot all their eyes and
cross their T's and make sure beyond any
shade of a doubt that he's not a bad guy
the only reason that he even was
eventually given his visa is because we
took it to the press and made a stink
and the State Department was looking
embarrassed by the fact that they had
been sitting on this guy's paperwork for
three years without coming to a decision
Matt says the media storm he kicked up
can't be replicated and yet there are
still thousands of interpreters who have
been waiting even longer than three
years to get a visa because of the
attention that Matt and Janis received
they are now contacted regularly by
other interpreters who need help like a
Jammu who had just arrived he had fled
suddenly because the Taliban knew he'd
been granted a visa and promised they
would not let him leave Afghanistan
alive he was homeless and was sleeping
for now on the dining-room floor of a
soldier he'd worked with do you have any
idea how the Taliban found out that you
were given a visa they know that where
you work I got a call that I know that
you got your visa I will not let it you
go ahead and I didn't even say goodbye
to my close friends yeah
because I don't I don't trust exactly
because of those threats he borrowed
money from friends and family and bought
tickets on the next flight out while we
were sitting and talking to Admiral he
received an email from the US government
thank you for confirming that you have
arrived to the United States in order to
qualify for Department of resettlement
benefits as every recipient must arrive
to the US and arrange flights as you
arrive to use on your own flight you are
no longer eligible for Department of the
state resettlement benefits as such your
case has been closed you have four that
applying for refugee resettlement
benefits because the Taliban you are
afraid was going to kill you let's see
if we can't get your benefits back first
I mean that's the first thing we have to
you should normally we can give the IRC
that helped you out they get provided
housing to pay for it and some money
let's do that and we're gonna take care
of you right that's you took care of us
and we were in your country so this is
our way of saying thanks you're not
gonna be homeless and you're safe now
welcome to hero home thank you Matt
Zeller and these Afghan interpreters
provided Admiral with a home a bed and
some money to get him and his family
started far more help than he got from
the US government the interpreters also
have allies in New York I wrap the Iraqi
refugee assistance project of four
lawyers and a network of law students
who work pro bono for Iraqis and now
Afghans seeking refuge from the dangers
they face because of their alliances
with America when was the first time you
were threatened 2007 was the first time
they're connected to Taliban well the
number now like roughly what proportion
of people who apply are actually getting
the visas since the end of 2013
less than 20% of the visas available up
until that point had been issued this is
my guess you'd be questioned but why not
just have a program where everyone who
deserves a visa gets a visa i I think
it's not a stupid question and that it's
a question that needs to be asked I
think there's a lot of bureaucracy built
up and that
you know to get through bureaucracy you
need people who are really willing to
make something a priority and that our
government has not made this a priority
we're not allocating the resources
necessary to get this done in time to
save people's lives I mean you're
looking at it you know and what you mean
you you for sure
I mean it's mind boggling that no one's
really come up with a good reason why
these guys shouldn't be given visas
immediately and yet know it's death by a
thousand bureaucratic paper cuts a lot
of the background check stuff happens
stateside and it's divvied up amongst
all the agencies that have a part to
play in intelligence gathering and none
of those agencies have any incentive to
click YES on their part to play in the
background check process and DoD doesn't
consider interpreters to be veterans so
the Department of Defense has largely
declined to be involved in this well
yeah every single veteran I've ever met
would say these guys were probably the
most essential tool yeah and how'd you
feel just personally like working on
these cases every day as Americans
knowing this is how allies of America
are being treated it is really hard I
mean when you're talking to these guys
on the phone and you're getting their
stories and they've worked for the US
for nine or ten years and you're
listening to everything they've gone
through you know they might have
suffered for my ID or been shot or their
family might have been attacked and
you're listening to their story and also
new here they've had one polygraph
failure test and you know right then
that's almost an insurmountable obstacle
to get over it to actually receive an S
IV it's really hard to know what to say
to them without an extension of the
program our failure to help those who
helped us remain a dark spot on our
reputation abroad
