it's Thursday July 10 and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines Spanish
authorities have arrested more than 30
suspected members of one of Italy's
biggest mafias police raided more than a
dozen homes and businesses in Madrid and
seized more than 13 million dollars in
cash and property they claim belongs to
the Camorra crime syndicate the interior
ministry says the group smuggled drugs
to their home base in Naples the
suspects have been tied to extortion
fraud and money laundering officials say
the raids marked the culmination of a
cross-border investigation launched in
2011 to crack down on criminal groups
with links to Colombia and other
European countries when you blow the
knob but I'd see Iranian forces say
they've found a secret base that
pro-russia separatists used in the
country's embattled East the military
says troops recovered a hefty amount of
weaponry while in slaviansk including
grenades rockets as well as soviet-era
mines and detonators soldiers recaptured
slaviansk on Saturday ending the rebels
three-month occupation of the city
russia launched his first newly designed
rocket since the soviet era on wednesday
the Angora launch vehicle made its
maiden flight from the pls yets
cosmodrome in the north and gaara is
designed to lower costs and reduce
russia's reliance on foreign suppliers
and facilities in Ukraine and Kazakhstan
the rockets will also allow the country
to phase out older less reliable space
vehicles like the troubled proton rocket
which has suffered a string of launch
failures
scientists in the US have made a
discovery that could change the way we
farm in the future a University of
Missouri study shows that mustard plants
can sense predators through the
vibrations they make when feeding and
can create chemicals to repel an attack
the scientists use lasers to create
vibrations and measured the plants
movement and chemical response they hope
their research will offer a better
understanding of how plants can protect
themselves without the need for chemical
pesticides check out the vice news
youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world this might look like a Arab
town but it's not it's built by the
Israeli Defense Force in order to make
sure that their troops are the best
urban fighters in the world the
soundness is
