goddammit great
welcome to dad opinions starring John
Darnell the dude from the mountain coats
yeah
get out of town it's really good this
automatically has my respect because the
first thing we've heard that has a major
7 in at any place and I am major 7 sore
where I live it reminded me of one of
the five best bands of the 70s who don't
get enough play which is a band called
war they did lowrider every album of
theirs has a real cinematic feel who is
it Komachi Washington oh of course it is
the savior of jazz right if you haven't
heard of a who's going on jazz you've
still heard of Kumasi Washington right
that's super nice I mean maybe you get
vocal exhaustion after a while you've
been listen to people sing for so long
and you sort of reach a point of
saturation with that so when no vocals
came in I'm like cool you have something
to say musically who is it so less oh
Soulwax they've been around forever I
enjoyed it
so I'm really susceptible to that hook
because he's talking about having
arrived at success from not having been
successful it's a common in popular
lyric for a reason but then he used the
phrase manifest destiny a manifest
destiny refers to a racist doctrine if
we're gonna redeploy that phrase we
would be pretty diligent but it's like
that gave me significant pause again the
snare wrong
yes so there's a lot of 90s stuff going
on there if there were a lot of rock
bands trying to incorporate new
approaches to making music like sampling
stuff over live riffing kind of
interesting
I know Trent Reznor to be a very engaged
musician who wants to stay current to me
that's the mark of a good musician the
one who's refusing to trade on past
glories I can do a pretty good head like
a whole is anybody it needs me at the
wedding I can I'm the guy to hit up
forehead like a whole thank you
you
you
