so we're in a huge Israeli training
facility good saline and this facility
is basically designed to help people
learn how to deal with urban combat
based on the schematics of Gaza if
you've ever watched a kind of dystopian
sci-fi movie you'll know that the future
of the planet is basically one enormous
sea and that's why open warfare so
invoke wars are no longer gonna be held
across large plains with the two armies
approaching it's gonna be sporadic and
it's gonna be in complicated scarier
urban situations as warfare moves into
urban settings conventional armies have
struggled as insurgent forces utilized
the density and irregularities of the
city as a defensive terrain after all
the traditional army can't march through
tiny street and as such much of their
battlefield power is negated in Israel
conflict is an almost everyday
occurrence battles of enemies like
Hezbollah and Hamas before too long the
lines of traditional military combat
with heavy casualties on both sides that
was until the Second Intifada in 2002
where Israelis fought in Nablus
redefining the very battlefield of war
by using urban warfare combat techniques
to take the city the Israeli military
rather than using the streets where
troops are vulnerable to guerrilla
tactics did something much more surreal
and superhuman they began to walk
through walls marked by a low number of
Israeli casualties this postmodern
approach to urban warfare was heralded
as a great success and embraced by
Israeli military planners the combat
resulted in very public civilian
casualties and immense collateral damage
to train soldiers and the fundamentals
of urban warfare Israel broke ground in
2005 on the urban warfare training
center and sadly built with labor and
significant funding from the US military
the 45 million dollar facility is one of
the largest and most technologically
advanced of its kind in the world this
might look like a Arab town but it's not
it's built by the Israeli Defense Force
in order to make sure that their troops
are the best urban fighters in the world
modern warfare doesn't take place in
open fields like it used to be and we
realized that we have to change the
scenery that we train in do you have a
faint name for this town yeah it's
called balladeer balladeer yeah which
means like city in Arabic so it's the
real city with street lights and
everything this is the Moscone balladeer
the effect city yeah
and unlike a mosque in Gaza I guess we
can go in oh yeah sure
Wow yeah huge 600 houses 1 square
kilometer in size we try to to make the
city even feel like the city life and
everything you use the mosques to call
the place for five times a day for the
day that he prays we gotta practice as
real as we can get as we will see that
in real action
balladeer spans nearly 5000 acres with
all of the basic structures and
amenities of a town with the help of
simulation experts the chameleon city
mimics locations in Lebanon Gaza the
West Bank or Syria depending on the day
here the Israeli military practice and
hone the latest techniques of urban
warfare
this is wit with basically standing in
the middle of a gunfight yeah pretty
much right now they're just facing the
first few squats of the enemy try to
what are the booby traps do you mean
just snipers waiting or bombs or bombs
in cars lots of bombs and snipers that
sort of thing we didn't find in modern
armies so we have to be updated all the
time because if we won't do that we
won't win the battle training is vital
Israel may have gained the upper hand
utilizing urban warfare techniques in
Nablus in 2002 but it was Hezbollah
during the 2006 Lebanon War that proved
to be better trained as they seized the
advantage of villages and urban areas
it's about a half a mile between here in
the town they've got to make sure
there's absolutely no enemy combatants
enroute so slowly but surely they're
running forwards clearing the area and
then they're gonna end up in the middle
of a sea running up and down stairs
blowing out walls and generally shaking
themselves we say on this is
well these guys are going through is
effectively the future of warfare less
and less are there gonna be regular Wars
with two armies facing off against one
another instead it's gonna be small
squads storming cities facing unseen
enemies right let's go okay we were just
coming over a sniper sight take your Maj
let us that's we have to dive into this
trench little short fancy my chances are
taking a city after running across
they've made it up to the pound borders
the next step is getting in without
getting shot okay so the most important
thing they're doing here is they're
avoiding the streets if you were in
ghazal the streets we will be trapped
that the snipers everywhere we've got to
do is basically make tunnels through the
buildings got to go through walls over
walls got a break into people's living
rooms bust their way through their
strange is where the private space
suddenly becomes public space it becomes
the theater of war
so they discovered there's a terrace
outside so they're securing the building
so I've shut all the doors they've got
all the windows covered and everyone's
freaking out then you have to be really
sure because everything is a threat the
window is a threat stairs a threat the
rooftop is a threat so down there you
can see the main road the most dangerous
place for these guys because there's no
cover were so they're making their way
from building to building always
avoiding open spaces and that's that's
gonna be the reality of the future
you've got to avoid the streets
otherwise you're gonna be
so if you jet said today was to capture
this guy back here and the t-shirt and
he was playing the baddie so they
charged him he started letting off some
rounds but they neutralized them urban
warfare is actually the basic thing that
we trained for these days in the IDF we
see that most democratic countries not
fight against each other but against
terrorists unfortunately we have lots of
experience but we would prefer to gain
most of our experience in training not
in fighting obviously but I think NATO
and the US Army gained a lot of
experience in the last few years in
Afghanistan and Iraq which is pretty
similar it's a change that will affect
the entire Western world to build more
facilities in order to to prepare
ourselves for the next floor the
challenges are endless I mean the danger
is in this 15 years ago ten years ago
the urban fighting will be only for
special units but now it's come to today
today training that's our biggest
mission it's it's it's wherever we go
with its Lebanon if we go to Gaza if
it's to the West Bank wherever we go
it's urban fighting I've been here three
or four times and every time I hear
there's been an army from a different
country coming to China we have seen the
Marines I've seen the UN train yeah I
mean military's from all over the world
come in to Train yeah
a second you go into urban fighting you
just go into war the people above you so
you've got people above you people
behind you people on the side person can
be a meter away from you and you won't
know that he exists so the danger and
the challenges come from every single
degree what would you do if you go into
a house and there's a woman there and
she says is she's myself and you have to
go and you know that there's a bomb do
what he did you shoot you not shoot it's
something we look to prevent in any case
and in every price but the one thing we
have is to protect our lives
we as soldiers have a mission to protect
our country and protect ourselves and to
the part of anyone who's willing to come
up against us as long as they produce we
have to produce and if we purchase be
able to produce and I'm 100% sure that
all the other armies all the terrorist
organizations that we fight the gains
are progressing and therefore tactics
also changing so the I think that
professional lives stop even with a new
training facility and greater focus on
open combat
Israel might not be able to get the drop
on his future opponents as Israelis
train and sadly Hezbollah continues to
fight alongside the government in Syria
undoubtably
developing and learning new urban
warfare tactics how the IDF's training
and simulated villages will measure up
to Hezbollah's real-world experience is
a big question for a certain is a urban
warfare will continue to retain and
evolve in a response encounter response
cycle with no foreseeable end in sight
