every half an hour or so on the first
night they would come in here and
basically just beat me up and I'd be
curled up on the ground taking a beating
and this one guy you kept telling me you
look pitiful and I did look pitiful
worst thing that ever happened to me
there's been big news today there's been
a huge change in the status quo of the
conflict the separatists have apparently
abandoned slavyansk which has been their
main stronghold for almost three months
they abandoned it yesterday they headed
south in the direction of Donetsk and
now the Ukrainian army has taken the
city over and the Minister of Defense is
here to tell us what the situation is
we're going to head back into silicon
see which I haven't been in since I was
kidnapped this is the appeal of the
deletion probe no Linea octina fastened
boom aunty thorough discussion CLP
division until Covanta toroidal the
genie poonam o BMA - Alicia dente pasta
pastas really nice table mister
slaviansk mister kramatorsk Poochyena h7
wotty
normally she talks is luck be partially
captain who mr. Slovin spinach
autonomist Rostova me my Vanessa
incident may station in sapporo Mistah
vistas laganja Mista drama Tosca across
Picchu bonobos it a protest Oh eat we
know dr. Ahmadi mibu demo promo tech
team ophaso te paki Nutella tuna doneski
Wuhan Scopus in Silesia God no
terrorists kakushita don't open it
Noguchi Parvati promised a discussion
session our own attacks primitive he
dream of the prince who are nosy oh nice
even if Cecil a key city Novato você
pode Annette oh ho
yep Italia sama dama dama Selenia see a
union shop on Isuzu Milly pasture maybe
300 yen cheaper see anoche only
momentarily it should set a good
Constitution
this is the former separatist checkpoint
that we're going through
and we're in what was rebel-held
territory we're just driving into town
and we're going through these abandoned
checkpoints one after the other that the
separatists just seemed to have left
this is the main square in slaviansk the
separatists left the day before
yesterday at night in a hurry the
Ukrainian flag is already flying the
Ukrainian coat of arms right there
underneath the Lenin statue and that's a
crowd of locals waiting for humanitarian
aid
vote e8 a pas de vie des lieux Yildiz oh
well c'est pas de vida es Annie Palazzo
teased señor Dulce estancia mochi are a
cat umbrella ban get a nibble here muy
osseous Batavia tapaa Davina ready to
read Eastham pas Davina see parakeet
resistant yes is my hair stop olivine no
- pit-a-pat you know everybody's
accusing each other of being separatists
now the Ukrainians have some here
pointing fingers at each other it's a
freaking mess oh what a hide you keep up
I do
watch it off her game is now
this is the press center where the
separatists had all of their press
conferences been here a few times now
the building's turned into a sort of
center for humanitarian aid there is
locals lining up outside to get bread
and water there's no water in town
there's no electricity there's no phone
service
what do you mean my needle golly
yes sir as the son of Charles died ma la
première stop at your ple ple ple
pedasi to shoot borrowed me before we
talk of wars Allah spoke Arabic forgive
us of water
well yeah putting me yeah oh yes please
reserve Angie oh yes honey for you my
young chocolate wishing such P omniauth
wasa Jeffersonian party with man
slippers really forgiveness the was more
efficient attaboy
device you want your fellow rafa nadal
Shiraz ahead jellyfish comb for
cirrhosis Technica atop the kigelia
Bullock avoid the selectivity Enya Tanya
goes to marriage
miss Lina Vasiliki wrote a memoir low
blow variable is a water watcher give
other out nos vemos leaves a year these
barricades are much bigger than I
remember them they've built it up
because that's the other headquarters of
the separatists in town we're coming up
to the SBU building which is actually
where I was held hostage for three days
I don't know if we can go inside because
the Ukrainian soldiers are saying they
haven't checked for booby traps yet but
I want to at least get a look at it from
the outside they brought me through here
and then they made me get on my knees in
this spot and they dragged me over to
the entryway to the basement over there
my right near there was one of three
guys they put a hat over my head they
pulled it over my eyes and they started
rifling through my pockets took
everything I had out of my pockets right
here and then it was down into the
cellar for three days
this was the cell that I spent the first
two nights and when at the high point
there was eight of us in here
this was my corner I was sat on the
ground in this corner like this for the
first night with my hands tied behind my
back until I don't know how many hours
later they eventually untied my hands
and and I was able to sit like this in
front of me which was a lot more
comfortable but the entire time I had no
idea what time of day it was because the
light bulb up there was on and I had a
hat over my head so all I could see
through the cracks below the bottom of
the hat was that there was a light on in
the room and that was it but at one
point there was eight guys in here look
at these walls the damp cold cellar in
April every half an hour or so on the
first night they would come in here and
basically just beat me up and I'd be
curled up on the ground taking a beating
and this one guy he kept telling me you
look pitiful and I did look pitiful
worst thing that ever happened to me
about twice a day I'd be let out of the
cellar through here blindfolded over
there to the boiler center back here
this building has always been used by
the secret police of some stripe this
used to be the KGB building in Soviet
times then Ukraine turned it in to the
security service of Ukraine the SBU and
then the separatists came here and made
this their main interrogation in prison
Center at least they had a sense of
humor says don't litter violators will
be sent to the cellar
which is left you messages all kakaka
idea for the Vols mega um so Sabrina
Billy Lee passed a - Cacnea
da Diana - italic elitist Buckeye tricky
the of our bullsháá $2 ah bottom
novice muy unionist al-idrisi Todd Aras
Remy ladies Sam he was in you guys a
nice vehicle she died she fought
enough kilometers above Casa Vida honest
a acetals weekly bikini penis linear
communion SME cavora this is the arch uh
most area of slavyansk this area was
shelled the local say from cartoon it's
a hill that was held by the Ukrainians
and real tragedy happened here a number
of people in this part of the building
died when this building got hit they
said those are their shoes on the ground
there this area is really badly hit
but images come here no words yet
laughter alliteration whatever criteria
but image is that done the restorative
on promotion but Nelson we have not
reviewed city bhai - what ready do the
shush Tallulah yes laughs but a quickie
show detail
süddeutsche guru said they'll convert
him through a quarter to colors yes
realize here to die to cut up silly
ideas you tell you dude spasibo hood
yeah but each key right supremacy to two
speeches of glutamine put your coin
cougar ayat' says no cheetah mother
don't you have you bill yeah you was up
late you don't up i give with him gone
ah Lapierre of me Tasha yeah see I'm a
quality might push luck do a chicken
wrap redevelop Latoya testable stood
livid ddle
effector maladye ejection
yes la mano midnight Genoa well you see
I'm a stellar at the height it was just
my name to your ass uvula it's a sure
accessory give yourself a Debbie no Bala
nakai be no Priya hama squirrels a
brother even ready be an action movie
daughter well uh uh prostitution of
spaceless so sad old ladies doesn't have
anybody to help her somebody came in
brought her a loaf of bread today
somebody came in yesterday to clean up
in her house a little bit but she's got
no windows who places just in disarray I
don't know who's gonna help these people
you
