this is a signal flare they stick it in
the ground this steak that was on the
other side of it a wire in between it
and it's a trip wire basically the flare
comes out makes a loud sign and then
they know if there's somebody trying to
cramp up on them in the bushes but this
singular flare was produced in 1981 it's
the same age as I am
looks like there's a call
we're about 42
here comes some more
haven't seen any armor as heavy as this
up until now this is either a
psychological maneuver against the
separatist
or this means a realization of the
conflict
this is the heavy artillery it's been
brought to the outskirts of slogans and
firing a volley we're not allowed to
fight we're not allowed to film the
artillery cannon positions but the
normies is loud enough to understand how
heavy these guns are and what must be
happening on the other end over there
the problem with this is that there's
still about thirty five thousand
civilians in the city and we don't know
how many thousands of separatists
amazing this is a signal flare they
stick it in the ground this stake that
was on the other side of it a wire in
between it and it's a tripwire basically
the flare comes out makes a loud sign
and then we know if there's somebody
trying to creep up on them in the bushes
but this singular flare was produced in
1981 it's the same age as I am
and then over here they've got some
sniper rounds these are even older
they've been in a warehouse since 1948
1988 this is the newest thing they've
got here apparently well aside from the
cellphones
we're in a dugout here one of the
forward positions surrounding this is
Ukrainians have built inside this is a
very well camouflaged been able to get
out here because nobody's been my pero
es una botella de noir yeah Asli
Madonna's route super slim the brevard
see me enter tisha see what it will do
for she is my nazis my she was 10 nova
initiative IAM nifa system new Nazism
the problem sector of Yemen is shot a
dreamy slavyansk is human on a some of
the yellow you've set up in the Silla
at least number you yes Lee Minyoung so
beaut just not have a remember to secure
of sutapa do mild that's a Monticello
literally as necessary Roberta some does
a seminal Butte mean add my chill at the
planet padam padam oi and in astana
debited for LS right all the time I've
been here covering this Ukraine conflict
that's the first swastika that I've seen
on somebody
