we're in Calais where just a few days
ago the police cleared out a migrant
camp where up to 300 people were living
they moved in bulldoze down their
makeshift tents and move people on now
around 100 of these moments have come
back to this camp here you got someone
just sleeping completely on the ground
no tent no nothing pretty dismal
situation to be honest it seems to be
quite a regular stream of people coming
back into the camp I guess it's possible
that they've tried to jump the border
last night which we're told is when a
lot of that activity happens obviously
unsuccessful and they're filtering back
into the camp morning what happened you
got turned back and you're trying to get
into the UK what do you want there we
want asylum there there is a piss laughs
what the people said no homo right so
that's why we come to go to UK we spoke
to Jamal an Afghan refugee making a
second attempt into the UK from Calais
thank you very much how did you end up
here in France been here for like more
than three months why did you have to
leave Afghanistan
what if you work with the Taliban like I
mean you join Taliban the Marine
can you if you join our 30 bond with you
sure if you stay in the middle Bob them
that we knew what did you expect when
you came to color when you think you
could get to the UK usually no ease it
is very hard I'm saying many many times
and I both like five six times and the
police was touching and find out in a
truck and integral so many people who
was killed his men because very
dangerous you have to play with your
life my friend was being killed he was
not scare you in the camp the conditions
were squalid the migrants had no showers
three overflowing portaloos for toilets
and no access to health care we spoke
with one of the refugees who've been
living in Calais after fleeing for more
in Afghanistan even aired on was it
living here
 seem like anyone animal is
better than us
you live here yeah you sleep how many 15
people sometimes I sleep outside because
many people and when you in the camp
over there before yeah I've been there
ISM and police is coming just right
everything I've stayed on my team
mmm-hmm I drink coffee food is coming
behind me
mm-hmm he pushed me first first time
from a backside
yeah and kick my fist keep doing the
face yes well who leases from French can
do anything and nobody can answer for me
sure nice comfortable come to when it's
dry not imagine not so much when it's
raining some people say that you come to
the UK you're just gonna take benefit
you're not going to work I mean what do
you think too that we don't want any
benefit problem because earlier a young
we have a power then we call org deal
what kind of jobs did you have I mean
what kind of people are actually I'm a
writer and journalist I published three
of my books
we sat with many migrants in salon who
were convinced that the UK would offer
them a better life than the ones they
left behind are you guys eating you sure
yeah was this your first meal of the day
yeah it's nice it's nice yeah we
tomorrow for to take us to another camp
outside of Salaam known ominously as the
jungle but as word spread his uncle
stepped in and told us that it was too
dangerous we still wanted to see what
was going on there so Jamal showed us
the location on a map and wished us luck
as we made our way without him this is
creepy
it seems to be quite an obvious trail
going through here as you get closer and
it becomes more rubbish on the floor it
doesn't seem like anybody's here anymore
I think we should go further in
carefully fresh human
we've just seen some tarpaulins in the
distance amongst the trees so we're
gonna go over there and see if anyone's
around
hello anyone home
so there's some more makeshift tents
around here
I've just seen somebody that something
hello we speak Oh brilliant thank you
just to sit on you sure that's okay
okay excellent thank you you said you
didn't want to go on camera at all or
it's an application registration card
from the Home Office and it says here
you're forbidden for taking employment
so you couldn't get work in the UK
because of this card you have a full
driving licence British driver's license
and then this stamp what does this mean
this this immigration officer they
stopped you from okay and they send you
back to Calais and this is your Afghani
passport so it seems there are people
living here
he had his Afghani possible with him in
the British driving licence as well
this needs to be a temperate it's like a
bigger camp
hello are you from Afghanistan and most
people here from Afghanistan nine people
here like this through this this
fighting police come here fighting this
club
spearing takeout yeah and beat you up
no sleeping here and you want to get to
the UK yeah no chance you care how long
have you lived here 150 days 150 days
yeah
conditions abide in Salaam they don't
seem that terror we're here at least
they have tents they have some privacy
but their biggest fear seems to be the
police a lot of migrants have been
saying that when you're in the jungle by
night they'll come and beat you up
there's no evidence you can't prove that
it happened the isolation of the jungle
seems a depressing last resort for the
migrants living there the ones we spoke
to were less hopeful but still waiting
for their chance to get to the UK 6:00
a.m. we're at the lorry park in Calais
just over there is the jungle and here
we have lorries going to all different
places in Europe specifically the UK
which is where most of the migrants want
to go now everyone we've spoken to they
want to get out of car later when I get
off France as soon as possible so they
come here they tried to starboard the
lorries and already we've seen one
driver get out of his cab pull back the
tarpaulin and look for stowaways when we
spoke to some of the migrants in Salaam
they said that they actually hide
underneath these tiny spaces in the
lorry and whilst this is moving at high
speed if they fall it's certain death
we'd seen dozens of tents at Salaam but
with the arrival of a charity providing
free food only then did it become
apparent how many refugees that really
were in the city reports suggest that
there are now over 800 migrants in
Calais after the number of new arrivals
doubled in the last two months
I'll go guys right
hello
room for us
rainy yeah striving here than it is over
there there so that beddings were
everything he built this you built it
really should be a builder you miss
being back home in Afghanistan of course
hmm the mostly parents from the last
time you spoke to your parent when did
you leave Afghanistan when you're 16 Wow
so more than 10 years you've been trying
to get to England ever since what's in
the back this is basically everything
you want yeah and one bag another bag
small one and inside in this when I'm
going to try I need this one big one
here okay this is what you would take
with you basically like a kid to try and
escape into England with everybody
everyone's got these Huck's yeah all
these new
it being a problem so they'll spot you
they'll think you're a migrant so when
you get to the UK you'll blend in as we
said our goodbyes and left salaam we saw
a constant stream of migrants wandering
by the side of the road every day they
make this trip trying to stow away to
the UK so they can get out of the
desperate situation in Calais a week
after leaving Calais
we heard conditions at salaam had
deteriorated the district council
however had supposedly come up with a
solution to the migrant situation so
these guys are from the prefecture I
just come to tell anybody what their
future holds here Salaam big speaker
recently he suppressed
we can accept that can French government
give a started refugia V Dumont for a
zoo
this man he have a zeal three months is
going him sleep with today is a day when
unstrained we need legal status for
these people have some possible have
some my right and good life
in an attempt to draw more attention to
their situation around 20 of the
migrants have gone on hunger strike and
hadn't eaten for eight days I saw an
emblem to pull it up and a migrant being
escorted out the camp through the fence
seems like things are getting pretty
serious
basically he's passed out from
malnourishment when we supposed to join
he said actually they ordered this
ambulance an hour ago and it's only just
turned up no sirens that day we'd seen
three migrants rushed to hospital after
collapsing from the hunger strike what's
the purpose behind the hunger strike how
do you feel I mean you look John you
look different
how do you feel how would you feel
inside your head
I should really best
the situation in Calais has been ongoing
for 15 years now for every camp the
authorities flatten a new one is bound
to pop up every day more and more
migrants are crossing the Mediterranean
to seek refuge in Europe many of them
are headed for the UK and will likely
end up stuck at these borders
you
