it's wednesday july second and here's
some ideas beyond the headlines hundreds
of thousands of people held one of the
largest marches in Hong Kong's history
on Tuesday to demand greater democracy
high turnout was fueled in large part by
a recent unofficial referendum that
called for the public nomination of
candidates it drew more than a fifth of
Hong Kong's voters but China's central
government dismissed it is illegal a
former British colony Hong Kong was
returned to China in 1997 and until now
its most powerful leadership positions
are chosen by a mostly probation
committee UN agencies are warning that
they aren't able to raise enough money
to feed refugees in Chad where people
have escaped violence in South Sudan in
the Central African Republic the heads
of the World Food Program and the UN
refugee agency say security and
logistical issues are further
complicating their efforts to support
the continent's 800,000 refugees that's
raising concerns that malnutrition
anemia and other problems will worsen
wfp says it's had to cut food rations by
half in some places and then it must
come up with a hundred and eighty six
million dollars to maintain its food
programs in Africa through the end of
the year Amnesty International is
accusing Lebanon of imposing quote
blatantly discriminatory restrictions on
Palestinian refugees trying to enter
from Syria a report released on Tuesday
includes a leaked document from the
country's security Directorate ordering
Airlines not to bring in refugees from
Syria who are of Palestinian descent and
threatening to punish them for
non-compliance because they're
considered stateless Palestinian
refugees are denied basic rights in
Lebanon and are offered limited access
to health and educational services the
government says there's no blanket ban
on Palestinians entering from Syria but
it's previously said it would prefer
they stay where they're registered
turning them back would violate an
international law that bans the return
of refugees if doing so threatens their
lives or freedom
an increasing demand for resources like
timber and palm oil has caused
Indonesia's deforestation rate to
surpass that of Brazil for the first
time a study conducted by the University
of Maryland use satellite data to prove
that forest loss is accelerating despite
a five year old moratorium on clearance
deforestation between 2000 and 2012 was
recorded at 23,000 square miles in area
almost as big as Ireland the practice
threatens the wildlife habitats of
endangered animals and it's blamed for
nearly twenty percent of harmful
greenhouse gases check out the vice news
YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world also it's like if you're
sentenced to jail when you come to a
level 3 or level 4 facility there's
almost two systems of control you're
under the control of the correctional
officers but your house under the
control of the gangs yeah they do
control the facilities
