by pain and a hat alone mood mucho de
management of Aetna a Yahoo Jana and
holiday mood my forgotten
well I - I Batman have la mama de la
maza Hobbiton Martin Elkanah is mojo de
Bahia vahana dismissal Monsieur Madame
la Bahia Tamina an imagen de nuit
Sol Monsieur Madame Olivera Rihanna
Yamaha
so we're in bar taller right now which
is a Christian town near Mosul Isis is
really nearby they've been trying to
encroach on the territory here we're
hearing right now that there's fire
fights going on surrounding towns and
there's tons of refugees that are
fleeing here so we're going to the
frontlines right now to check it out
located only a short distance from Mosul
these towns are home to Iraq's heavily
persecuted a Syrian Christian community
many Christian residents of Mosul were
seeking shelter there having recently
fled Isis attacks
as operations on the front line heated
up and mortars were readied the
commander told us we had to leave
attacks were increasing and there was a
lot of movement tens of thousands of
people were fleeing car Kosh traffic was
backed up for miles and tensions were
high as dozens of Peshmerga searched for
car bombs and possible undercover Isis
militants as night fell the reality of
how drafted the situation was became
clear so as you can see we're stuck in a
ton of traffic car coach the village we
were just in came under attack everyone
is fleeing we're told upwards of 10,000
Christians are fleeing the area right
now
we've been seeing Peshmerga flying down
the other way we're told that a 5:00
p.m. there were dozens of mortars that
were launched in the village everyone's
mostly abandon it there were just a
couple of young men there and Peshmerga
but it's chaos here right now what my
man is you engaged I'm an Avenger karate
you're an animal fiber yo I love it
so all these people are from Karkos far
taller and they're all fleeing the
violence that was happening there good
on the Thunder Horse good at an island
hizmet bloodshed
Babu envisioned ahsoka
did you fear that what happened in
mos'ly was gonna happen in karkos mama
no menara a lady Medusa innovation oh
yeah you see my man oh yeah mama wrong I
let you be super nomicon he's a massive
namikawa Namba Ciara we shot our win
match up this is just it's pure chaos
people just told us they don't have
water they don't electricity they don't
know where they're going they have
nowhere to stay then asleep in their
cars the fear of Isis coming fuels areas
especially Christian areas it's so heavy
you've all just leading with the clothes
on their backs
so there's huge combo is the peshmerga
heading to the frontlines with now heavy
weaponry you know we're right at the
entrance to Karkos we were last night
Isis is sort of launched an attack on
this town I think people are really
surprised right now we've heard Isis
forces aren't that big and that the
reason they were so successful is
because Iraqi forces just fled or you
know the local population supported them
but right here they have no support if
they're still mounting these heavy
attacks we're headed inside the city
right now we finally got permission
after a lot of wrangling um seas come
under some shelling recently it seems
like it's slowed down right now there's
a lot of civilians that are trapped
inside they're refusing to leave so
we're gonna go talk to them and see what
they're going on
we're in car coach the whole city's
abandoned right now we're hearing
shelling and gunfire just on the
outskirts of town there's a few young
men here who are sort of making a stand
right in front of a church they're here
to protect that church the Christian
community or the Assyrians but besides
that everyone's left the city can you
tell us why this city is so important to
the Syrian community yes foolish month
of a high demon Jonnie Minutemen Alpha
Team let Terry team Manila half a
million mobile assuring little absalom
absalom
DNS dial Matata Hezbollah Liam in the
souk on lion etapa Hassan a Syrian
Catholic what's it been like the past
two or three days here hope he'll kill
us real what I didn't suck Elka Rob amok
two Italian man I shot a young Cara
Bamako my matured macho hood Marku
that's an Akula a team at NASA a timid
Alabama Judah but Matata ISIL over here
an epal well fail you mean are you
mental dr. Leibman solid chairman
multiple Amina manimala by sir
the j-turn miss elaina was for war Joe
we're unique footin Allah turquoise
little bin Mohammed aliquot michigan
limited huzzah gradma got my manager
every i'm opteka a solid Mina to Munna
was shot
hooya Master wash Dudley Annie - a
little Ben facility aside murica versio
hustle Madhvi knock a little after wall
Menachem Xaphoon finesse cravat Yanni
awhile afar miss one shoe Pakula have
atlatl Erbil a little hook a llama total
alpha I could win Masha melodrama Paula
I have a banana
no Judy Nana hey Maya Malkin a zoo well
Harris at Meridian Purefoy buckling in a
month line are you scared or do you feel
like it's your duty to stay here in
defenders church table Anna your back
pain and a hat alone mood mucho de
management of Aetna a yahoo Jana and hat
Iowa Edna mode my forgotten
well I - about man half Lama Dalai Lama
Dean Martin Elkanah is Mahadeva Pia with
an abysmal Monsieur Madame other he
attack me no an image in Ocoee yeseul
Monsieur Madame la voix Rihanna
Palma ha la la la la la cliff courtesan
voila al Kakuma Alka Kumal mahalia Val
Matata Nana boo nose la la la la al
Corazon oh la la cuckoo
