don't touch a friend a few guys ever
worry about Ebola you think that's real
no the government said nobody should
push me
since February 2014 an outbreak of Ebola
spread across West Africa from Guinea to
Sierra Leone and now it's finally
reaching the coast of Liberia and its
capital Monrovia confirmed by health
officials the deadly virus has already
killed seven people in Monrovia
scientists speculate that a possible
cause of the Ebola outbreak might stem
from the prevalent consumption of bush
meat from animals like monkeys and fruit
bats the scientific concern surrounding
the consumption of bush meat begin in
our genes because we share 99% of our
DNA with monkeys the chances of an
infectious and incurable disease like
Ebola crossing over from a monkey to a
human is exponentially higher than with
any other animal Ebola is is one of
those words that you can say it anywhere
in the world and it invokes fear dr.
Joseph fair is a renowned viral gist who
we met working out of a lab near
Liberia's capital city of Monrovia take
me through sort of the life cycle of the
Ebola virus if someone catches it if a
person catches it so Ebola is is what we
know is a viral hemorrhagic syndrome and
so a syndrome is just like aids Ebola is
a aggressive hemorrhagic fever syndrome
Ebola in particular causes the walls of
the capillaries to slightly separate and
blood starts leaking
you'll get conjunctival injection which
is bleeding into the eye that petechial
hemorrhage and that leakage ultimately
leads to shock and death just like you
would have with sepsis so you're
bleeding out from the inside
basically you're bleeding out from the
inside your blood pressure is lowering
to an amount so you when your
capillaries are leaking the blood is no
longer being transferred through your
body effectively it is a very painful
and agonizing death that no one would
want to go through despite the fact that
I was now worried about bleeding from my
eyes we headed to a local lab where they
were quarantine and testing for Ebola
the lab is an abandoned eight testing
facility nobody was there save a few
scientists with hazmat suits working on
the outbreak
behind those doors was Ebola culture
which was being used to compare two
cases of reported Ebola throughout the
country to see if it matched up how
about these masks they wear these masks
so right in here is where the Ebola
testing is actually happening these are
the suits that they wear in here and I
will respect what he says when he says
not to touch them because these have
already seen use somehow I feel like
this sheet is not protecting me from a
bola equipment that we wear when you go
inside we would you would wear this okay
are you I'm standing out here and I'm
scared I'm glad my jumps out here and
your jobs in there dr. SARS in charge of
all infectious disease testing in
Liberia he's kind of a first line of
defense against mysterious disease
coming out of Africa but like many
Liberians dr. SAR was skeptical about
the presence of ebola the truth is that
we haven't had any except for one kiss
of course one case constitutes an
outbreak in the Ivory Coast in some way
in the 70s I think and that is all says
them in Liberia no not anywhere else
except now culturally humans have
evolved with non-human primates all
throughout Africa and Asia and I think
something that we don't usually think of
in the West is how that they evolved
here they're kept as pets they're also
used as major food source
aka bush meat now a monkey is only one
part of what you would consider bush
meat a bush me piece of bush meat would
be any
animal coming from the forest again most
people don't kind of recognize the need
for bush meat so when you imagine living
in the deep forests of Central Africa
and or Asia it's very difficult to raise
domestic animals yet human beings by
their nature need protein sources so
bush meat in many parts of the world
still is a necessary part of the diet
there are certain types of bush meat
which we know are more dangerous than
others and those particularly are Birds
non-human primates including the
chimpanzees gorillas monkeys bats we're
learning our rate of great concern but
despite the danger how does one of
Liberia's top scientists feel about bush
meat I hope now I will be very dishonest
if I tell you know I ate bush meat the
antelopes that killed them to dry them
but if it comes to market that's what I
like more yeah I don't like monkey meat
it turns out the very facility we were
standing at has a rich history of
pandemic disease a chimpanzee testing
facility in the 80s and 90s it was here
that a doctor named Preston Marx
discovered HIV - in a local pet monkey
in a nearby village while HIV one the
most common strain of the disease was
discovered to have come from chimpanzees
as early as 1959 it was unclear where
HIV - the less common but still deadly
HIV originated from until dr. Marx
tested a sooty mangabey while working at
the Institute in Liberia in the late 80s
and I took this picture and my second
trip of this young girl in in in Lofa
County is over Liberia and it's worth a
thousand words I mean it look at it I
mean that that sooty mangabey which is
the species the only species in in West
Africa that harbours the ancestor to HIV
- and and look at it it's like a no it's
like a cat it's like a house cat it's
it's a friend in an eerie parallel - dr.
Marx discovering HIV - in a pet monkey
from Lofa today's Ebola outbreak seems
to have also originated from the same
place Bopha a dense jungle province of
Liberia that sits on the border of
Liberia Sierra
in Guinea is a trading center where
hunters from the jungle bring bush meat
two trucks that then head into markets
in all three neighboring countries in an
attempt to stop the virus the
governments have banned the bushmeat
trade but Liberians have been ignoring
the threat and the ban in order to find
out why we met up with a local
journalist but turns out he harbored a
few Ebola conspiracy theories himself
here's your friend I'm interested in
this Ebola thing because the feeling in
Monrovia and across the whole country is
that Ebola never came to Liberia we are
what Assad is the main market and we are
going into the market where they sell
bush meat and other food stuff their way
the bush meat shop is in the back
the smell is super future so the
Liberian government bans bushmeat
totally right but you can still buy Bush
me you can stay Bob Bush me because they
are telling the Liberian Liberians not
to eat it and they're telling the market
deals not to sell it but people are
still selling it because they believe
the government is pulling their legs
alright so why is the government of
Liberia saying there's Ebola if there is
an Ebola apparently it's a scam to get
some money from the international
communities from the donors it's
Minister because the government is broke
everybody knows that the government was
able to see that there was 16 billion
dollar investment here they have nothing
to show for it
so a lot of people don't believe
official government policy was to ban
the sale of bush meat however as we hit
the market we learned how effective that
prohibition there's hundreds of my dead
deer parts monkeys are both a delicacy
and pets in fact they're so prevalent
it's hard to make the connection that
these cute monkeys could Harbor a super
virus or create a pandemic I'm in mind
I'm not where I'm a journalist we just
saw this guy ran on the side
his friend wanted to eat it but he said
no I'm keeping it as a pet this is net
yeah hey you know your cars without
anywhere and I'm gonna go messy if what
is love what it all five whatever it was
not yet with me okay Nagbe went to go
get more bush meat while I walked into
where I could go buy some monkey meat we
came out to the back here and this woman
had like four or five monkeys for sale
so while the Liberian government
theoretically has banned monkey meat you
can still get it
because it's just a wheelbarrow full of
bush meat right here
you're putting the water is so okay when
soup then a flash game do you worry
about eating this no no sweetie you like
a family when when
we like splatter the money all over me
please oh my god they're getting
pegged with Ebola bunky right now I'm
getting fragged with Ebola bunky do you
guys ever worry about Ebola you think
that's real no chance about new yep
okay Nagbe showed us what he had bought
for that night's dinner okay when I go
want some fresh meat
this is GME yeah you see that on the
feet until this Bushrod and recorded
push wrap see stuff up delicates and my
man and you give somebody a cow meat
don't prepare this and get him fish no
perfecting its a claw yeah Nagbe invited
us to his home to watch how his wife
prepares the bushmeat for a meal just
like any other food if it's cooked
there's not really a problem it's
through the preparation where you get
that blood and body fluid transfer from
the rota to the humans and we actually
have found humans with the monkey forms
of the viruses and so those are people
that we obviously monitor because those
viruses might be the next HIV pandemic
that's that armadillo thing
I wrote it one of the dangers one of the
things that the experts warned against
is that one of the main sources of
transmission is that if you're cutting
the bushmeat you're handling the bush
nation we've got a cottage and then you
interact with and that's when disease
transmission could occur so negative
wife was preparing a meal for us that's
exactly what happened she cut herself
while she was cutting not an academic
fear something that can really happen
can we meet this guy's the owner your
neighbor let me let me finally see okay
thank you his name is Jack Jack we are a
nickname for monkey in Liberia who
called jackal
how long have you Adam and he's your pet
yeah they say we should not touch people
I mean you can this I know if I mean you
cannot set economy it means that yoga
you have put a wall out of people out of
business
you see and the people even something
within the market they are there after
this violent video stills out there so
then what do you think about the idea of
eating bush meat do you think it's safe
yeah
yeah oh you either push me to eat monkey
yeah you only test one and where did he
come from
oh go far it's coming from loofah yeah
real fun and isn't that where they had
the above I appreciate that okay
oh the rumor I'm sorry particularly with
non-human primates monkeys and
chimpanzees etc keeping them as pets and
you imagine like you have a dog well a
dog bites you if you keep it as a pet so
does a chimp
so does a monkey the monkey jump Jones
oh hi amen the monkey jump it jumps all
ooh sometimes I wonder how God already
made these things the monkey jump John
John so haha thank you currently the
most popular song in Liberia is called
Ebola in town by an artist named shadow
the week we were in Liberia we found out
he was playing a concert downtown so we
went to go meet him now the song is like
three weeks oh and it's everywhere and
in every town every village every county
in everybody for everybody radio
explaining everybody and everything is
taking it so it's like it's the biggest
song right now in the country and it's
the victim
the
shadows song going viral is an indicator
that most Liberians aren't too concerned
with ebola even as it continues to
spread but in a place where humans and
monkeys are in such close proximity a
new virus could emerge that's even more
lethal some humans somewhere likely here
in Africa is going to eat a monkey with
a disease that's never been seen before
super Ebola a new strain of AIDS and
according to Joseph that virus could
kill a third of the planets population
it's not the disease we know it's the
one we don't when we think about the
worst case scenario it is always a
combination of what is the most
transmissible combined with what is the
most lethal nothing is localized anymore
international trade transport of people
and animals and crops and everything
else that comes along with that you know
what used to happen in one remote corner
of Africa can easily spread to Europe or
the United States the next global
pandemic exists somewhere the virus just
has to jump that gap the way HIV did
decades ago and Ebola did today
and when it does the planet will be
singing a whole different tune
