June CeCe's inauguration we ate the June
a video of a mob sexual assault and -
hello square was posted on the Internet
unfortunately this wasn't the first and
only case and this day alone there at
least nine other mob sexual assaults and
since November 2012 there have been over
250 reported cases in Egypt with very
little done to address the issue of
sexual violence in the past when men's
rights NGOs and activists from across
Egypt organized a demonstration in Cairo
to demand more action from the state
these signs of things along the lines of
my body's mine my mother and my sister
the red lion it kind of reversed the
idea that you know everyone's been
targeted we've seen the statistics with
like 90 like week 3 women are her
ancestors had been such a rash on a
daily basis
to kind of innocence hijack then they
kind of ignore position because the
natural anybody not to participate okay
participation for everybody they are not
the organizers that's the main
they are not organizing
just seeing somebody doing arrested for
holding closer to an answer military
slogans which they had in 2011 where
they protested
shut up to Bishara Sirhan
and up the other curriculum in a Willa
Warren and Boozer in muscular see
al-khattab adeney we are photography she
another anemone and in mark has a lot of
Elizabeth roba has in moving our alumnus
if a sissy I provoke you were organized
this event initially I've decided to
pull out when they heard the National
Council of women announced that they
organized it in a sense they hijacked it
and turned it into what I would say the
kind of chaos done there's been a lot of
police out today I've seen at least two
people being arrested for holding signs
with anti-military slogans on them think
it's funny that there's so much security
that have done like this where it's
Santee sexual harassment but when it
comes to the fighting in the police this
issue there's then I do much louder
