do you think that there are some
officers that were involved in this
uprising
mikono home of a small town in Sharkey
mushara Kodama besito anomaly detector a
little more cotton Ariana
as clashes have intensified closer to
Baghdad on the Iraqi army as we grouped
along with volunteers and militias
there's still a lot of questions about
what went wrong in Mosul Maliki has
referred some high-ranking officers to
military courts and forgiving others
despite initially harsh statements about
how they would be dealt with many Iraqi
army soldiers who deserted have fled to
Kurdish controlled areas so we're in the
neighborhood by the Citadel in Erbil the
old city and a lot of Iraqi army
deserters have stationed themselves here
and try to regroup and figure things out
we're gonna go talk to one of them right
now and figure out what happened in the
past week and why he left until last
week you were you were in the Iraqi army
and now we're in Erbil and you've left
your post can you tell us what happens I
know mama talkin havin well more Yanni's
she said then the father and mother she
will not have it you know any jihad -
Basu and Fujima father a salad not
supporting muscle iwanami I mean Ali
Lake Cachuma millennium item Jerry
Patton realize John with a men vicino
Mendez a neon billion-dollar garbatella
softly mahabhava a suicide disability ah
I mean with DISA and forged that ribbon
I'm sure she will be any metal metal
flow laminar gallery she Giovanna for
the oven tomorrow is shown on me again
and Avalon Hamelin embedding media bed
in fatima zahra hapless
a so calm half of will am half of will
hardly look bar misha we on a field
little Jason's I have won a fortune do
you think that there are some officers
that were involved in this uprising
Matano home of a small town in sharp
Kincaid mashaallah Kodama
besito anomaly little more Madonna
Rihanna did you know at that time that
it was Isis that was attacking
none everyone everyone knew
I'm sorry had they been carrying out
attacks before this big one you know I'm
sorry Todd a lot serious Aria and Hanna
Bob you're the one who instilled union
can you tell us a little bit more about
why you felt betrayed by your commanders
yo buddy I need an item Amy arrow above
the circle Kolkata showing a Scottish
origin shown cited a Junoon a vomited
emoji Lovett myself a gingy
and I'm a rabbit oh oh oh I mean a
haughty only who am i Mataji an al-qaeda
Luca bar home where Ceratosaurus
abilities are mine miss Monica Seles Oh
Bahamut are a machine the wooden bar
head and pad ferrata I already am wooden
bar not all other his man Corral we got
a guitar of their own show
LJ I'm actually not him we spoke to a
lot of people that had fled the fighting
and nozzle and what they told us is that
they were actually welcoming Isis
because there are a lot of abuses
directed at Sunnis when the Iraqi army
was in charge
Marcus marcheeta Baracus as some other
Muslim region de la doctora with a lot
Rajesh a lot a channel animator honey Oh
mark which has you relax
Milo honey yo Baraka subrata I mean they
told us differently you know we did hear
that there was a lot of sort of
sectarian conflict there beforehand and
maybe they won't in the future but right
now they seemed happy that the Iraqi
army had left and shown any real action
mock turtle abeyance Anushka Netanyahu
won and in Jinju in medina hewan Marco
Ferrucci no Shia and up in the hawala
and a Canadian inaudible no hyah
terminal entire Ottoman
regime and November Sierra through bonds
in I mean white Abner Abner ooh we see
nikasha
 already
