you just arrived in Kabul second and
final round of the Afghan presidential
election we're heading off to meet the
presidential frontrunner dr. Abdullah
Abdullah only a few days ago two Taliban
car bomb this convoy equivalent with
bodyguards Security's time sunshield
unrooted welcome Oh Tom DiBella by
giving her the 3054 omission of the
party leaders advocated ldg down the
Armando has a super suit everywhere he
came around Kabul see places I've told
her Abdullah its faces everywhere he's a
front-runner this is democracy
Afghanistan
Tennyson set the hook to the skin
wrinkle faster now select away this
tribal our stolen crowding around
hundred a speciality senior peasant
addressing a rally and the rosemary
products today needs to go there so
jinda last few days downstairs
campaigning is frontrunner expects to
win she knows where the Taliban show up
the sport party
and as I highly know Rose John a now I
have to speak to those which we Walker
suggest by phone then they put it on
wish you had come tomorrow dear will be
ok people are awake now
they don't believe and tribalism anymore
they believe in ideas and we are a
religious society we can say it's
extremist religious society but we are a
fundamentalist society there is a big
difference with it
what fundamentalist are means those who
follow the principles of Islam
you think a Taliban will try and disrupt
the election I think they will they will
try but let's let's be honest the
Afghanistan of 2001 is not Afghanistan
of 2014 we are living in we have a state
we have a constitution we have the
people behind us and even though if they
can try they cannot stop the will of the
people and you can see the security
force of our country has improved a lot
even if they can try but I don't think
they have the power to disrupt our
elections that no possible not possible
this whole area is kind of our voting
Bank from our family we come also from a
family all who were representatives of
the people okay those are the people who
died a few days ago already you see this
this is what we have dealing what we are
dealing with this is one of our brothers
of blood
he was the bodyguard of dr. Abdullah
Abdullah he died in a few days ago and
the suicide bombing attack against the
our team so this and two other people
died as well this is another bodyguard
of dr. type Abdullah who died with him
you see so I think the Taliban are
trying to kill somebody who can change
our future what they haven't committed
any attacks on a chef Ronnie because
he's not able to do anything
he has no legitimacy in our society as
the stone asked the mountains as the sky
and asked the almighty Lord himself
after eyes the weather
if there is no fraud committed like last
time
can I get you Michael this is a
traditional Afghan shower house this is
where people come and shower or desert
it doesn't do that Kawashima Rama Graham
as developed a fight yeah he says like
actually people already vote for us we
have all the d1 planning the soil of our
team as one yeah so just let's just take
a picture of one yak-yak you chicken in
one one is number one one is going to
wear five and five years you can try it
later
traps are taking meteors
you ain't are you feeling confident of
success there absolutely they support
from the people is overwhelming I'm sure
you're observing the events in Iraq with
the past few days are you those those
those are very serious events
in Afghanistan I think the overall
majority of the people have rejected
Taliban ization of the capped and they
don't have a place in I am sure that
with legitimacy of the future government
based on transparent elections the state
institutions will be further
strengthened the foundation of the state
will be strengthened I'm not concerned
about that
Sen Lu here in Afghanistan Taliban try
to assassinate you in a few days ago are
you confident you can provide security
without in its national stabilization
force the its security is a challenge
for the country that will good to be a
challenge for the country support from
the international community will be
needed and with it through with a with a
with a with a review of the relations
with the international community in a
way that that is strengthens partnership
and all the relations are reset in the
right path there are problems there are
challenges but there are ways to deal
with it
when
have you seen the car I'd like to see
that
it's the car doctor I thought I was
driving in when the Taliban hit of the
suicide bomber he was sitting in the
front seat here he was lucky to survive
three of his entourage were killed low
number bystanders you can see it's
completely peppered with shrapnel marks
here theory is it's hard I will try to
run this again rumors of multiple
Taliban assault and suicide bomb teams
in the city ready to disrupt Verizon
actually to reassure the population
Sheetz any journalist going around
checkpoints looking at security measures
the ring of steel be put in place
checking all the vehicles coming into
the city it's the definition of a
dog-and-pony show let's like every TV
camera and cobbles crammed in the back
and police truck or going around the
checkpoints the police commissioners on
a mission to reassure the population the
Taliban won't be able to disrupt
tomorrow's polling day now we're all
being led the two of different security
facilities in Kabul this is the Quick
Reaction Force if there is a Taliban
assault these be the first guys on the
scene after an icon of a colonial the
rococo good out there what goodness just
any absolute certain one on my gosh
please don't be one of only 50 more they
will enjoy with our favor sure that
difficult enough coming on me right
there okay
come on if they were conscious are
eatable Salam alaikum bond an abortion
Oh Al Roker - OH
you
