Vikram Gandhi went to Camden New Jersey
where the police are using cutting-edge
surveillance technology to monitor the
streets this is his debrief
the Camden police department is paid for
by a common age of the state in the city
the annual budget is 62 million dollars
most of that comes from the city itself
and the rest is supplemented by the
state
the surveillance cameras can also help
crackdown on police corruption because
the cameras are on all these corners you
can actually see how the police are
interacting with people who are out on
the street that being said the
monitoring device is and the screens
that are being watched are all only
operated within the police department in
that monitoring system so there's no one
from the outside who has access to it
and because of that the police are the
really the only ones who can monitor
police behavior the plans and technology
are set right now for other parties to
actually monitor what the police are
doing but nothing has ever been enacted
civil liberties groups have objected to
surveillance cameras in multiple cities
in New York City there was a
surveillance program that was monitoring
Muslim neighborhoods and Muslim
communities outside of mas there were
often surveillance cameras looking at
who was going in to worship in those
places and there was a big uproar and
backlash against that and that program
has recently been shut down other than
that you've also seen people complaining
about surveillance programs in Oakland
and there was a drone program in Seattle
that was recently shut down because of
public complaint over the surveillance
so the methods that are being used in
Camden are not particular to Camden
they're being used all over the United
States ShotSpotter they say is being
used in over 70 cities across the United
States and surveillance cameras in many
other cities so you can see surveillance
in Boston you can see surveillance in
Philly you could see surveillance in New
York City in Chicago you can find the
most surveillance cameras the police
have said 1,500 cameras are being linked
to monitoring systems around the city
there's also reports that up to 15,000
cameras that are not just police but
also public cameras can all be linked to
one system and they can be monitored by
a police department
there's a whole new generation of
technology and innovation when it comes
to surveillance and monitoring part of
it is linking technology that's already
out there so using cameras and
surveillance in one city tracking it
with GPS and connecting it with another
city beyond that there are things like
facial recognition software that's now
being combined with surveillance cameras
probably the most interesting thing I've
heard about is the linking of x-ray and
infrared monitoring with surveillance
cameras so that these cameras can
actually do something known as a virtual
stop and frisk it looks like we're going
on the road of more and more
surveillance in all of these cities
you
