it's Monday June 9 and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines
Colombia's largest and most feared rebel
group has declared a three week
ceasefire ahead of next week's
presidential runoff which has focused on
ending a nearly 50-year civil war that's
killed more than 200,000 civilians the
FARC guerrilla group is currently
participating in peace talks with
President Juan Manuel Santos who says
he'll continue negotiations if he's
elected to a second term
the rebels made the announcement in an
open letter to Santos as rival Oscar
Ivan zuluaga the former finance minister
has said he wouldn't negotiate with the
rebels until they agreed to stop
fighting planting landmines and
recruiting child soldiers and their
leaders face jail time several dozen
people were killed in the eastern
Democratic Republic of Congo on Saturday
over what a local official described as
a land and cattle dispute between two
communities UN peacekeepers and
Congolese troops are trying to secure
the town in South Kivu province where
several women and children were among
victims found shot stabbed or burned
inside their homes the eastern Congo has
been at the center of political and
ethnic violence for almost twenty years
the conflict has killed thousands of
people and displaced millions of others
Arizona state officials are rushing
supplies to a makeshift holding center
housing hundreds of migrant children who
have recently crossed into the u.s.
unaccompanied from Central America
officials have ordered 2,000 mattresses
and brought portable toilets and showers
into the facility the children are
receiving medical screenings and
vaccinations an unprecedented number of
children are pouring across the US
border alone and the Obama
administration estimates up to 60,000
will arrive by the end of the year the
federal government is scrambling to
figure out how to pay for their food
housing and transportation once they're
taken into custody human remains
believed to belong to a missing men were
found inside a 15-foot long crocodile in
Australia's Northern Territory on Sunday
police in kakadu national park said the
sick
see two year old man's family claimed he
was snatched from his boat by a
crocodile a day earlier Park Rangers and
police shot and killed two saltwater
crocodiles during their search and
identified the remains upon inspecting
one of the reptiles it's the second
crocodile fatality in the park this year
after the death of a 12 year old boy in
January
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting in
documentaries from around the world with
this style is a touch tuber
Chateauguay personal president at
marauder don't pressure me dearly
subjectivist of the students at the
british
