it's thursday june fifth and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines the
recent flooding in Bosnia has not only
caused widespread destruction and
displaced thousands of people but it's
also unearthed the bodies of victims of
the country's 1992 to 1995 war
electricity workers were repairing power
lines outside the town of y habla Nitze
when they discovered corpses with the
hands tied behind their backs forensic
experts believe the victims were Muslims
killed by bosnian serb forces and have
continued to search for more bodies in
some of the town's completely submerged
by the flooding of the bosna river of
the 35,000 people who went missing
during the Bosnian war about 8,000 are
still unaccounted for scientists in
Chile's Patagonia region have made a
rare discovery in large part due to
global warming melting of the Tyndall
Glacia caused by warmer air temperatures
has uncovered dozens of nearly complete
fossils of prehistoric marine reptiles
they belonged to four species of the
ichthyosaur which means fish lizard
these were a group of large dolphin-like
animals that lived up to 245 million
years ago it's believed they were killed
during mudslides and their bones were
preserved in deep-sea deposits exposed
by the melting glacier voters in
California have given the state the
green light to spend six hundred million
dollars to build houses for homeless
veterans under the plan the state will
sell bonds to build apartments and
temporary shelters for low-income or
homeless veterans all those recovering
from physical injuries or struggling
with mental health issues about a
quarter of America's nearly 60,000
homeless veterans live in California
Mexico is harsh nning punishments for
anyone convicted of kidnapping a crime
the government says has turned into an
epidemic authorities have doubled the
minimum prison term from 20 to 40 years
and raised the maximum sentence for
those who kill their victims from fifty
to one hundred and forty years Mexico
recorded around 1,700 kidnappings last
year but experts say the majority of
cases go unreported and that kidnapping
has become such a lucrative business
that a let-up is unlikely any time soon
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world I
think for me it's one of the things is
being honest with the students about the
impact of what they're going through
because a lot of our students again for
them when they see my office and they
see the same Catholic social worker it
becomes I can't do this so understand
it's not about what's wrong with our
kids but rather what happened to them
