last year what started as a small
environmental protest in this Istanbul
Park snowballed into the largest wave of
protests in recent Turkish history of
the police brutally crackdown on the
demonstration against plans to turn this
park into a Ottoman theme shopping
millions of Turks took to the streets to
vent their grievances against Richard
type l1 turkeys increasingly powerful
and authoritarian Prime Minister Azam
Allah if there is another part venomous
my daughter Harriet do you say that
would revoke an isolation exercise
Taksim solidarity arose a sweet
foundation the protesters in Istanbul
last year we followed them during the
one-year anniversary of the gezi Park
protests
they're getting a beautiful gives it a
little rock is it an orbit plane in York
da minha de whose anything digital
ultimately they put so much gain see I
was right here
you know just here and from here too
taxing we were trying to Walter I
remember very well if we were pushed
back and forward and back it was a great
day
dan said dear NHS vincennes you to top
lumen Democratic opposition is Aruna
just awesome on to Kadesh a that dish
may have a seizure
disability 911 Nozzolio - banana durable
judgment Aviva's party asana
group of protesters came to the square
now the police are pushing everyone away
I mean there's a very small number of
people here some were created part of
the atmosphere from last year's gezi
Park protests they're loud and that can
be heard by the police surrounding them
but right now the numbers are far
smaller than the police who sort of
contained them in this area right here
at the headquarters Taksim solidarity
right now the police have closed down
the street the main street miss Atwell
jealousy and right now group of
activists and also MPs are here trying
to figure out an action plan and whether
it's possible to go out tonight and try
and reach this work or calmly dialogue a
signal
Bosh baka much on the ground police in
October saw the sadness check your
response
so the activists and politicians from
Taksim solidarity have left the
headquarters and are making their way
now towards Taksim Square and mystic
foul street for about 20 meters from the
police lines we're going to see what
happens in the protesters come face to
face of the security forces so right now
a negotiator from the police have come
forward to meet the Solidarity movement
and they're trying to discuss what the
options are whether they can be led
through the square please have flanked
us and set up a wall behind us here that
we can't pass so right now we're trapped
on this tiny side street near Taksim and
the police have geared up put their
masks on we've got nowhere to go so I
think arrests or gas are imminent or
both
Barada after several hours the small
process on the street dissolved the way
peacefully but all across Istanbul
they've been these contained pockets of
clashes and protests a year ago these
streets were full of thousands and
thousands of protesters and today
they're full of thousands and thousands
of police at the end of a long day with
sporadic clashes it seems to be that the
people who've learned the most from the
gezi Park process have been the police
and the ruling party
