goody basket pity dance
so I'm climbing on top of a car garage
roof and which overlooks the Donetsk
Airport where today the separatists
turned up and took the terminal building
and earlier there was some pretty
serious fighting by the looks of things
and there's a plume of black smoke
coming out of the front of the building
as a fighter jet circling above the city
assuming it's the Ukrainian militaries
but at the moment we're not sure that it
really what's going on but it certainly
looks like there's been seen some pretty
heavy fighting at the airport is the
occasional bang sort of sounds like
gunfire but it could be anything
something exploding because of the fire
the police aren't really letting any
other cars go further forward from this
position we're probably about maybe a
kilometer or so away the Ukrainian army
had soldiers inside the airport
surrounding the runway this morning so
possibly they were attacked by the
separatists who took the terminal but
information still a bit scarce the
moment yes I'm pretty heavy fire now
there's like a supermarket or some sort
of retail centre called Metro on the
corner it seems to be coming from that
direction really sounds like they're you
happy RPGs
I thought I was good at the movie good
as that so we've moved up closer to the
entrance to the airport the gunfire
still raging inside four on what we
assume is still the rebel-held side of
the airport and they're putting up what
looks and sounds like a pretty tough
fight this is definitely the heaviest
fighting the Donetsk People's Republic
have had to engage
and I gave that mushroom annuity
I just thought one of the wounded
forward on one of these flatbed trucks
looks like he's taking a shot today so
like he's got one bandage on at the
moment it's still bleeding the soldiers
here it's about 10 15 of them some of
them with a anti-tank missiles mostly
with assault rifles but they're pretty
jumpy obviously there's some really
heavy fighting around the airport now
and they're sort of a bit annoyed by all
the press
and then they managed to get a car up
here and they sped the out of here
as soon as they could some of them went
with over there kind of slowly
withdrawing I think sons the rifle fire
was coming actually from behind us there
down the road we're really really close
so the rebels are pulled back from the
access road they are they fired at
anti-tank rifles they went massive
explosion not sure whether they hit
anything but they pulled up this road
and it sound as if they we're coming
under sniper fire or it was them
returning fire I'm not sure but whatever
it was it's really close yeah yeah
now there's a helicopters now moving in
on the airport Wow yeah look it's a hide
attack helicopter is coming under fire
from the rebels all right all around us
they're firing that helicopters really
low yeah it's still here look
it sounds like rebels are all around
this area and they try to hit it but it
was popping flares as well as the
helicopter I think the third is coming
down it just fired but we think the
Rockets end up popping flares against
them they can't be hit by anti-aircraft
missiles
you can hear the return fire from the
rebels further into the city
only a few hours after yesterday's
presidential elections the act the
government announced that they would
restart the anti-terror operation that
they paused for the elections and this
the actions today around the airport
very clear that they really really mean
missed this this time they're not
messing around they're hitting this with
everything they've got
this is the position we withdrew from
about 45 minutes ago and some of the
rebels have returned to that spot as a
it's just an old guy standing in the
middle of the road with a cross and a
Bible seemingly not too bothered by the
the threat of cause we were talking to
the rebel fighters we came under
accurate sniper fire from the direction
of the airport which forced us to roll
into the ditch alongside them and after
realizing the sniper could now likely
see us it was time for us to pull out
so yesterday saw the heaviest fighting
in eastern Ukraine since the crisis
started here early in the morning that
the Donetsk People's Republic rebels
move towards the airport tried to take
the terminal building the Ukrainian army
that were there gave them an ultimatum
to lay down their arms and leave or face
a retaliation by the time we'd left
around five o'clock in the evening we
could see that the rebels had been
pushed back towards the access road and
no longer controlled the airport we're
at the scene of what looks like a a
truck crash we heard that this was
carrying wounded from the airport
Donetsk People's Republic wounded and
somehow it crashed here and we're not
sure how that happened some saying it
was an RPG saying what happened who
touch the deity attention it had not yet
been posted a panic about venereal
disease that should be which the
toasters crucial arrival at a lose/lose
abortion is the arrest was mostly my
alma mater TLS 2000 was nursed oberus de
guitarra arrest even given access to the
desserts regime stability me man
so we're outside one of the main
hospitals in Donetsk and the guy's
telling us here that 30 of those killed
in yesterday's clashes are being kept
here so they're going to show us a few
more
which provides us motor troupe of this
craziest troopers grow as a student
ministries spirit on him
naturally schnasty buttons to a troupe
of Neos pomegranate document oven is yet
to a tacky minus nine
so slope authority Dennis Keller owners
public a deluded he fights to experts in
Italian scanner honors public you see
Jesus preaching in nucleus new videos
Piske pocket or Omniture the Stalinist
retreats a tree pizza she bites a need
history neranenah Olivia as college news
Renee but first among students to
understand what knowledge is not the sea
chest
so this is the the main access road to
the airport through the center of the
city and it looks as if the the DPR have
set a sort of check point making sure
cars can't go any further they set up a
couple of sandbag and placements now as
well and there's a some gunmen walking
around some people saying here that the
rebels are preparing for possibly an
assault by the Ukrainian military that
we've seen no evidence of that so for
over two months that diets People's
Republic have been able to take over
government buildings and attack the
Ukrainian military with sort of minimal
resistance yesterday so far was
certainly the heaviest fighting that
we've seen in eastern Ukraine the
Ukrainian military were using fighter
jets helicopters against the rebels and
it was clear they the rebels just
couldn't handle that air superiority and
now it seems the momentum is clearly
with Ukrainian military
