it's Monday May 26 and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines a spate of
violence has hit southern Thailand just
days after the military staged a coup to
take over the government in Bangkok at
least three people have been killed and
dozens injured in gun and bomb attacks
but authorities are blaming on Muslim
separatists Thailand's three
southernmost provinces are home to a
Muslim majority who have fought for
greater autonomy from the central
government for decades separatist
attacks have killed almost 6,000 people
in the last decade and although they're
unrelated the political crisis in
Bangkok has stalled peace talks to end
the violence masked anarchists of the
black bloc smashed cars burned tires and
chucked bricks at brazilian police in
South Paulo and Rio de Janeiro over the
weekend they're angry over the nearly 11
billion dollars spent on the football
tournament and like many other protest
groups they say the government is
ignored the country's dilapidated
schools housing and social programs
Afghanistan's Election Commission is
firing half of its staff over fraud
allegations stemming from last month's
presidential vote most of the 5,000
workers who were sacked looked after
poll centres on Election Day they won't
be allowed to work on the runoff vote
when more than six times as many polling
centers will be open than the first
round millions of Afghans defied threats
from the Taliban to vote this year
doubling turnout from the last election
former foreign minister abdullah
abdullah and former finance minister
ashraf ghani are set to face off for the
presidency on jun 14th
Bahraini authorities have released
activists nabeel rajab from prison Rajab
who had the beheading Center for Human
Rights served a two-year sentence after
being convicted of organizing and
participating in illegal protests he was
one of the first prominent activists to
be jailed after protests for reform
erupted in the tiny Gulf nation three
years ago Rajab says he spent part of
his detention nearly naked and in
solitary confinement check out the vices
youtube channel for more original
reporting in documentaries former NE
sono le g Tobin punishes Elena forgiving
Nick Aikido year when you succeed with a
crack in the road is icy
