yeah I know right yeah
two days ago the Army announced martial
law across all of Thailand and insisted
was not a committed time today
they dropped all pretense and announced
a coup d'etat the day's events started
with peace negotiations which were held
at the army club who quickly collapsed
resulted in the rest the protest leaders
in both sides they then told the PDRC
and red shirts to clear their camps and
go home
PDRC left on their own accord while the
red shirts were forced out by seoul from
there the army suspended the
Constitution shut down all television
stations imposed a curfew and took full
control of the country a nap time
someone taught syndrome I'll do it
dong temple go on with your iPhone's a
pipe bomb tabria
dong top attack let some young handsome
to attend cha ching week I'm jumping
somehow boom I'm not they can for prompt
rotate concavity easy song
anti-government PDRC spared the Army's
heavy hand and allowed to break down
their own site on their own terms
I don't die from Okazaki Pokemon namely
cocuwa nothing didn't lock petit ha ha
I'm gonna come to like happy people but
he wanted eggs oh hi
it's not clear what the goo means 50
years the may have got the wishes the
government be overthrown the sous theft
and other senior leaders were arrested
and the Army's made no indication of
what they'll do next though their
supporters were ecstatic at the news of
a military coup it appears as though the
PTR sees days have now been numbered and
their organization disbanded
last night at 1:00 a.m. the army issued
an order for ex Prime Minister Yingluck
Shinawatra to report to them this
morning the last time the army called
for a meeting which was yesterday
resulted in the rest of all the ten
gates
- total mob scene here outside the
article every time a car comes up the
presses just got a second
no one has any idea was in the tinted
out window car hang up hang up recently
ousted Prime Minister Yingluck
Shinawatra's just arrived two hours late
for a meeting with the army the question
now is will she be able to leave she
reported at noon was detained along with
her sister and brother-in-law were then
all transferred to an army base two
hours outside of the capital so we see
smaller aunt like through protests
earlier today but nothing of this scale
hundreds of people showed up to express
their anger at the army
among the juntos new restrictions on
society our bands on the gathering more
than five people public places in any
speech that criticizes the coup d'etat
or the army back I look up and I can
view a little bit you go like man I
gotta get all the opinion morning doing
a banjo dancing my little packet on come
on you got me more you madam you gotta
dangle nothing I come down tonight a
group of a couple hundred people defied
those bands and took the one of
Bangkok's busiest intersections the
voice their anger the army and demand
election we just heard a rumor that the
Army is set a time limit for the
anti-coup protester to disperse
otherwise they'll disperse on themselves
you see two anti-coup protesters
arrested the armies move forward now
they're retreating but things are still
very tails
yeah go damn Porto no telephoto
General Prayuth has declared himself
Prime Minister and suspended the
Constitution border crossings with Laos
and Cambodia have been closed in the
Army's band at least 155 politicians and
activists from leaving the country the
numbers aren't clear but it seems at
least some 100 political figures from
both sides have already been detained by
the army it's not yet clear what the
Army's endgame is some insist this is a
genuine intent to restore stability to
the country and lay the groundwork for
future elections all signs at the moment
however point to something very
different
you
