it's Thursday May 22nd and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines a
Russian Court has begun sentencing
hearings for five men convicted in the
murder of journalist and Kremlin critic
Anna Politkovskaya the 48 year old was
gunned down in 2006 while on her way
home from grocery shopping she was best
known for reporting on human rights
violations in Chechnya her murder drew
attention to the risks posed to anyone
who challenged Russian authorities
particularly under President Vladimir
Putin the journalists family says
justice won't be served until those who
ordered her murder are found and
punished Human Rights Watch is asking
the government of the Philippines to
investigate the alleged killing of
nearly 300 people by a so-called death
squad in targum city on the southern
island of Mindanao the group released a
report accusing the local government
there of helping to organize and finance
a death squad to kill drug dealers petty
criminals and street children three
dozen interviews revealed the chilling
circumstances surrounding the killings
carried out between 2007 and 2013 the
death squad would reportedly carry out
the killings outdoors and often in broad
daylight and members split the hundred
or so dollars paid per hit between them
Macedonian police have detained dozens
of people after a second night of riots
over the fatal stabbing of a teenager in
the capital scrubber riots broke out on
Monday after the local media described
the suspect arrested as an ethnic
Albanian ethnic tensions in Macedonia
are still high between its ethnic
Albanian minority and a Slavic speaking
majority after they nearly bought the
country to civil war in 2001
America's biggest Bank is pitching in to
revive debt-ridden Detroit JPMorgan
Chase has announced it will invest a
hundred million dollars into the city
over the next five years the money a mix
of loans and grants will focus on
revitalizing the city including housing
repairs and demolition of Detroit's
nearly 80,000 vacant buildings and some
of the cash will help cushion retiree
pension cuts and support small business
and job training programs Detroit filed
for bankruptcy protection in July with
about eighteen billion dollars in
long-term debt the injection of cash
could help produce fears that Motown
will find itself in financial trouble
again down the road
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
Glennis Ward Hamel is live here well I'm
a powerful aslam good little Imam
mastery
